He was Director of the Department of Commerce of Guam from 1969 to 1972. Blas was elected to Legislature of Guam as a Senator from 1974 until 1984.

In 1982, with Republican Senator Kurt Moylan, Blas challenged the Republican Governor Paul McDonald Calvo in the primary election. Moylan and Blas were defeated in the primary vote. Governor Calvo lost to Democrat Ricardo Bordallo in the November 1982 general election.

On November 4, 1986, Joseph Franklin Ada, with Frank Blas, were elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Guam. Ada defeated the Governor Ricardo Bordallo by 2,581 votes (7.6%). Blas served as Lt. Governor under Ada for two terms from January 1987 until January 1995. Blas described his main role as a liaison between the Ada administration and members of the Legislature.

Ada could not seek re-election to a third term, so Blas joined with Simon Sanchez to stand for office. However, Blas and Sanchez lost the 1994 Republican primary election to Tommy Tanaka and Doris Brooks. Tanaka was defeated in the 1994 election by Democrat Carl Gutierrez and Madeleine Bordallo.

Blas left politics in January 1995. He owned Frank Blas & Associates, an insurance brokerage firm based in Barrigada, Guam. In 2003, Blas was appointed Chairman of the Antonio B. Won Pat Guam International Airport Authority, a government agency which operates the airport.

Frank Blas died on August 1, 2016, at the age of 75.

Dai Dower

David William "Dai" Dower MBE (20 June 1933 – 1 August 2016), was a British, Empire and European Flyweight boxing champion. He was one of the most successful Welsh boxers of all time. Dower also competed for Britain at the 1952 Summer Olympics.


Hurricane Hermine

Hurricane Hermine was a tropical cyclone in August and September 2016. It affected states from Florida to New England. The storm hit Florida on September 1, near the Big Bend region. Hermine had winds of 80 miles per hour at landfall. The storm also struck Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.

Hermine was expected to affect areas from Virginia to Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

At least two deaths were blamed on the storm.

Jonathan Borwein

Jonathan Michael Borwein (20 May 1951 – 2 August 2016) was a Scottish mathematician. An expert in experimental mathematics, he published 388 journal articles, as well being a regular contributor to The Conversation and The Huffington Post. He held a number of important positions including Governor at large of the Mathematical Association of America (2004–07), President of the Canadian Mathematical Society (2000–02), Chair of the Canadian National Science Library Advisory Board (2000–2003) and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute (AMSI). At the time of his death he held the position of Laureate Professor of Mathematics at the University of Newcastle, Australia, and was in Canada as a Distinguished Scholar in Residence at Western University in London, Ontario.

Wald, Bern

Wald is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, Englisberg and Zimmerwald joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.


Walkringen

Walkringen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Walliswil bei Niederbipp

Walliswil bei Niederbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Walliswil bei Wangen

Walliswil bei Wangen is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Jamkaran

Jamkaran (; also Romanized as Jamkarān, Jamgarān, Jam-i-Karān, and Jam‘karān) is a village in Iran. It is on the outskirts of the city of Qom.

Post hoc fallacy

The post hoc fallacy means "after this, therefore because of this". Its Latin name is Post hoc ergo propter hoc. It is a logical fallacy. When event B happens after event A, a person might think "event A must have caused event B".

Example: 

It is a tempting error because sequence in time does sometimes suggest causality. When I press the light switch, the light comes on, and that is a cause and effect sequence. The difference is that it can be explained why the light comes on when the switch is pressed. On the other hand, no-one can explain why a rooster's crowing might affect the Sun.

The phrase is used by the character Sheldon Cooper in the third season of The Big Bang Theory. Sheldon mentions the logical fallacy in disputing his mother's claim that her prayer group did ensure his safety during his North Pole expedition.

 

Tarn Taran Sahib

Taran Taran Sahib is a city of Punjab state of India. This city was founded by 4th Sikh Guru, Guru Ramdas Ji.

Gurmukhi alphabet

The Gurmukhi alphabet is used to write the Punjabi language by the Sikhs in Pakistan and India. Gurmukhi is primarily used in Punjab, India. It is the official script of Indian Punjab. Gurmukhi was created by the 2nd Sikh Guru, Guru Angad Dev in the 16th century, It was modified from the Lahnda scripts, which were used to write the Punjabi, Sindhi, and Lahnda languages in modern-day Pakistan.

There are 35 native characters in Gurmukhi, In the 18th-19th century a new character family called Naveen Toli was added. This helps to pronounce and write Persian words with proper tone. 

The word Gurmukhi literally means "from the mouth of Guru".

Gionee

Gionee (Gionee Communication Equipment Co. Ltd.) is a Chinese smartphone manufacturer based in Shenzhen, Guangdong. They make the world's slimmest phone called Gionee Elife S5.1. It is only 5.15mm thick. In August 2016, Gionee India introduced their plans to build a manufacturing plant in India.

Bözberg

Bözberg is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Gallenkirch, Linn, Oberbözberg and Unterbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.


Hans Schmidt

Hans B. Schmidt (1881 – February 18, 1916) was a German Roman Catholic priest. He was convicted of murder and he was the only priest to be executed in the United States.

Hans Schmidt was born in the Bavarian city of Aschaffenburg

Zhanna Nemtsova

Zhanna Nemtsova (born 24 March 1984) is a Russian journalist and activist. She is the daughter of Boris Nemtsov, a Russian opposition politician who was killed in 2015. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

After Nemtsova's father was killed, Nemtsova moved to Germany. In Germany, she started the Boris Nemtsov Foundation to work for democratic values in Russia. In Germany Nemtsova worked for the German news service Deutsche Welle. She also wrote a book, "Waking up Russia" (in the original German, "Russland wachrütteln") about Russian politics. Nemtsova also wrote for The Guardian.


Fatimata M’baye

Fatimata M’baye (Arabic: فاطمتا أمباي ) is a Mauritanian lawyer and human rights activist. She started the Mauritanian Association for Human Rights. In 2016 she received an International Women of Courage Award.

M'baye studied law and economics at Nouakchott University from 1981 to 1985. She became the first woman lawyer in Mauritania.

M'baye takes the most difficult legal cases. She represented clients accused of apostasy. She also worked for a “committee of widows” whose husbands were murdered. M'baye helped write the 2007 anti-slavery law. She got convictions for child exploitation and slavery. She was in prison many times, and received some threats to her life.


Bernardo Rezende

Bernardo Rocha de Rezende known as Bernardinho (born August 25, 1959) is a Brazilian volleyball coach and former player. He is the current coach of both Brazil national volleyball team and the female volleyball team Rio de Janeiro Vôlei Clube. Rezende is the most successful coach in the history of volleyball, accumulating more than 30 major titles in twenty-year career directing the Brazilian male and female teams.


Los Andes Province, Chile

Los Andes Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V).

The city of Los Andes is the capital of the province.

The Los Andes province has an area of , the second largest province in the Valparaíso region after the Petorca province.

Los Andes is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the west and north by the San Felipe de Aconcagua province, on the east by Argentina and on the south by the Santiago Metropolitan region.

 (last national census), there were 91,683 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Los Andes, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 60,198 inhabitants.

As a province, Los Andes is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Los Andes serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Deaths in August 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Arakkal Museum

The Arrakkal Museum is a museum dedicated to the Arakkal family, the only Muslim royal family in Kerala, South India. The museum is actually a section of the "Arakkalkettu"(Arakkal Royal Palace). The durbar hall section of the palace has been converted into a museum by the Government of Kerala. It was opened in July 2005 after a Rs. 9,000,000 renovation.

Although renovated by the government, the "Arakkalkettu" is still owned by the "Arakkal Royal Trust" and does not fall under the control of the country's archaeology department, the Archaeological Survey of India. The government had taken a keen interest in preserving the heritage of the Arakkal Family, which had played a prominent role in the history of Malabar. A nominal entry fee is charged by the "Arakkal Royal Trust" from visitors to the museum.

The Arakkal Museum is in Ayikkara, next to the Kannur City. It is 2-3 kilometres from Kannur town.


Mount Kyllini

Mount Kyllini or Mount Cyllene , sometimes Ζήρια, is a mountain on the Peloponnese peninsula in Greece. It is famous for its association with the god Hermes. Mount Kyllini rises to above sea level. This makes it the second highest point on the peninsula. It is located near the border between the historic regions of Arcadia and Achaea—in the northeast of Arcadia. It is located west of Corinth, northwest of Stymfalia, north of Tripoli, and south of Derveni.

Much of the mountain is desolate and rocky. The area below is largely forested. There is an observatory at , at 22.67 east longitude and 37.97 north latitude. Roads pass near the southern and western slopes, but there are not many on the mountain itself, as much of the mountain is part of a park.

Walperswil

Walperswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group C

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group C was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Germany, Czech Republic, Northern Ireland, Norway, Azerbaijan, and San Marino. Germany won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Northern Ireland finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.








Walterswil, Bern

Walterswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wangen an der Aare

Wangen an der Aare is a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wangenried

Wangenried is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wanzwil

Wanzwil was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Wanzwil and Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee became part of Heimenhausen.

Railroad company

A railroad company or railway company is an organization that operates a railroad track or trains. The company can either be private or public. Some railway companies operate both the trains and the track. In other cases, particularly in European Union (EU), ownership of track and train operation is run by separate companies. In the United States the railroad track system is owned by the railroad companies. In the 1800s, the federal government gave large land grants to the railroads.

Many countries have a national railway company that owns all track and operates all trains in the country. For example, the Russian Railways (the world's largest rail company by network size). Other countries have many different, sometimes competing, railway companies that operate each their own lines. This is true in the United States and Canada. 

In Europe, the EU requires its members to split the railway companies into a number of different companies. Usually public owned companies own the track and other public companies (sometimes owned by regional governments) own the train cars. Franchising is then used to determine the right to operate the line for a limited time period. A number of private companies bid for the right to operate. Other companies offer track and train car maintenance.

Wattenwil

Wattenwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wengi

Wengi (Bernese German: "Wängi", []) is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wichtrach

Wichtrach is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Niederwichtrach and Oberwichtrach merged into the municipality of Wichtrach.

Wiedlisbach

Wiedlisbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Anthocyanin

Anthocyanin is a chemical compound which makes the red colour in plants. For example, red cabbage has anthocyanins which make it red.

In flowers, bright-reds and purples attract pollinators. In fruits, the colourful skins also attract the attention of animals, which may eat the fruits and disperse the seeds.

In photosynthetic tissues (such as leaves and sometimes stems), anthocyanins have been shown to act as a "sunscreen". They protect cells from high-light damage by absorbing blue-green and ultraviolet light. Ionizing radiation can damage DNA.

There are some other suggestions. The red colour of leaves may camouflage leaves from herbivores blind to red wavelengths. The pigment may signal bad taste, since anthocyanin synthesis often comes with unpalatable phenolic compounds.

Making these pigments is done by a series of enzymes that are stuck on cell membranes.

Williamson County, Texas

Williamson County is a county in Central Texas. The county seat is Georgetown, Texas. The county population in 2020 was 609,017. The county is named after Robert McAlpin Williamson, a veteran in the Battle of San Jacinto and a previous community leader.

Williamson County held humans for at least 11,200 years. In recent times, a prehistoric skeleton was found in Williamson County. The name of the skeleton is "Leanderthal Lady". The town of Leander is named after the skeleton. "Leanderthal Lady" was found after the Texas Department of Transportation found remnants while drilling core/dirt samples for a new highway.

Native Americans also lived in areas of Williamson County. The Tonkawa tribe lived in parts of the county. Other tribes lived in the area. These tribes included Kiowa, Yojuane, Tawakoni, and Mayeye Native Americans.

On September 1921, the remains of a hurricane moved over Williamson County. The rains fell over Thrall, Texas. The town received 39.7 inches of rain in 36 hours. The storm killed 87 near Taylor, Texas, and 93 in Williamson County. A total of 215 deaths were reported due to the rains. 

On 27 May 1997, Williamson county had a tornado outbreak. The county had several tornadoes during the day. An EF-5 tornado "(rating determined on the Fujita Scale)" struck Jarrell, Texas, killing 27 persons. An EF-3 tornado also struck Cedar Park, with one indirect death.

The following is a list of communities in Williamson county. Some communities are part of other counties.

Susanna Griso

Susanna Griso Raventós (born 8 October 1969 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish journalist and TV hostess. 

She got a degree in journalism at Autonomous University of Barcelona and began to work in both radio stations, Ràdio Sant Cugat and Catalunya Ràdio.

In 1993 hosted TV3's magazines programmes: "Tres senyores i un senyor" and "Fora de joc", and after 1995: "Telenotícies".

Between 1997 and 1998 she hosted the Catalonian News of TVE. In that channel covered the information about the Princess Lady Diana of Wales's funeral and the Princess Cristina de Borbón and Iñaki Urdangarin's wedding.

In 1998 she was hired by Antena 3 to work at "Noticias 1" with the host Matías Prats until 2006. Since then, she hosts the morning program: "Espejo público".


Electric blanket

An electric blanket is a blanket with electric heating. 

The first electric blanket was invented in 1912 by an American Medic named Dr. Sidney Irwin Russell. The public remained uninteresting in the heated blanket until an English company started to produce and market heated blankets to the public in 1920.

Some modern "low voltage" electric blankets have thin carbon fiber wires and work on 12-24 volts.

Nguyễn Văn Thiệu

Nguyen Van Thieu or "Nguyễn Văn Thiệu" was the leader of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1975. He was a general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. Thieu became head of a military junta, meaning the military controlled the government. He was then elected president.

Thieu quit being president on 21 April 1975. He then left the country. On 30 April 1975 the city of Saigon was taken by North Vietnam. This marked the end of the Vietnam War.

Thieu died in 2001. He was 78 years old. He died in Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. He had a stroke at his home in Foxborough. He had been put on a respirator. He was cremated and buried in Boston.

U Nu

U Nu (; ; 25 May 1907 – 14 February 1995) was the first Prime Minister of Burma. He served from 4 January 1948 to 12 June 1956, again from 28 February 1957 to 28 October 1958, and finally from 4 April 1960 to 2 March 1962.

Burma gained independence from Britain on 4 January 1948. Nu became the first prime minister of the new country. He quit being prime minister in 1956. He again served as prime minister between Ba Swe and Ne Win.

Nu was one of the leaders of the Anti-Fascist People's Freedom League (AFPFL) from 1942 to 1963. The AFPFL had two groups of power. Nu's group won the 1960 election. He then became prime minister. On 2 March 1962 General Ne Win took control of the government. Nu was then kept in an army camp. Nu continued to claim he was the legal prime minister. In 1988 he tried to form his own government with Win Maung as president.

Nu wrote an autobiography called "Ta-Tei Sanei Tha" ("Naughty Saturday-born"). It was published in India by Irrawaddy Publishing (U Maw Thiri) in 1975. He wrote several other books including "The People Win Through" (1951), "Burma under the Japanese" (1954), "An Asian Speaks" (1955), and "Burma Looks Ahead" (1951).

U Nu was a popular spiritual leader of his country. During the 1960 election he promised to make Buddhism the official state religion. On 29 August 1961, Parliament passed a law making Buddhism the state religion. Ne Win removed the law in 1962.

Iodine test

The iodine test is a test that is able to detect starch using iodine as a chemical indicator. Example uses include brewing beer, and determining when apples are ripe and can be harvested.

If starch is present, the iodine solution will turn dark blue/purple. If there is no starch, the iodine will stay brown.

Mauritanian Association for Human Rights

The Mauritanian Association for Human Rights or "Association Mauritanienne des Droits de l'Homme" (AMDH) (Arabic: للجمعية الموريتانية لحقوق الإنسان ) is a Mauritanian NGO. The organization started in 1991. It works for human rights and watches for human rights violations. Fatimata M’baye is the co-founder and president.

AMDH worked with three main areas of human rights violations: mass killings of black Mauritanian soldiers, deportation of soldiers and members of the press to the desert, and repatriation (sending back refugees) of large groups of Mauritanians from Senegal.

Las Lomas, California

Las Lomas is a town in Monterey County, California. At the 2020 census, 3,046 people lived there.

Arrondissements of the Creuse department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Creuse department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Creuse are:

Since its creation, the Creuse department has had few changes:


Heart block

Heart block is a type of heart disease. The human heart uses electrical signals to make the heart beat. Electricity travels down pathways in the heart to make each part of the heart beat at the right time. 

When a person has a heart block, there is a “block” in one of these electrical pathways. This blocks electricity from travelling normally through the heart. This makes the heart beat more slowly.

In the most serious cases, the heart’s electrical pathways are blocked so badly that electricity cannot travel through the heart. This means the heart’s electrical signals cannot control how the heart beats, or cannot make the heart beat at all.

Many people with heart block have no symptoms at all.

Other people only have symptoms every once in a while. Sometimes, their heart might skip a beat. This can make the person feel dizzy; faint; or have palpitations (feel their heart pounding).

In the most serious cases of heart block, a person's heart cannot control their heart beats. These cases can be treated with an artificial pacemaker. This is a medical device that is placed into the heart. It sends electrical signals to make the heart beat regularly.

Some people are born with heart block. This is called a congenital heart block.

More often, people get heart block later in life. Heart block can be caused by:

There are three main types of heart block.

This is the least serious type of heart block. It usually causes no symptoms.

In second-degree heart block, it takes longer and longer for the heart to send electrical signals from the middle of the heart to the ventricles, which pump blood to the body. Eventually, this leads to a skipped heart beat. This can cause dizziness and fainting.

This is the most serious type of heart block. It is also called a complete heart block. In this type of heart block, no electrical signals reach the heart's ventricles. This means that the electrical signals cannot make the heart pump blood to the body.

Some people with third-degree heart block may have very few symptoms and may not need treatment. However, some people with third-degree heart block have many different symptoms. Third-degree heart block can be a medical emergency. This type of heart block may be treated with a pacemaker.

Heart block can be diagnosed with an electrocardiogram (also called an ECG or an EKG). This is a painless test. During the test, pads are placed on a person's chest, arms, and legs. They record the heart's electrical activity.

A cardiologist can help diagnose heart block and order other tests if they are needed.


W (New York City Subway)

The W Broadway Local is a rapid transit service of the New York City Subway's B Division. Its route emblem, or "bullet", is colored sunflower yellow because it is used on the BMT Broadway Line in Manhattan. In addition to the Broadway Line, the W serves the BMT Astoria Line in Queens. This uses the 60th Street Tunnel to travel under the East River between Queens and Manhattan. It also ran in Brooklyn until 2004, serving the BMT Fourth Avenue and West End lines. The W is in service as of April 7, 2020. There was a six year delay due to Metropolitan Transportation Authority, or MTA, budget cuts on June 25, 2010.

Stations 

The W runs on weekdays from 6:00 a.m to 11:30 p.m. This route includes the BMT Astoria Line in Queens and BMT Broadway Line in Manhattan to its southern terminal of Whitehall Street-South Ferry. Also there are three Queens bound morning rush hour trains. They will start from the Coney Island yard that will serve from 86th Street subway in Brooklyn via Sea Beach Line, through the Montague Street Tunnel to its terminal of Astoria-Ditmars Blvd. There will be three trains from Queens to 86th Street, Brooklyn in the evening rush hour on weekdays. 

North Gyeongsang Province

North Gyeongsang Province is a province in South Korea. Gyeongsang Province divided into North Gyeongsang and South Gyeongsang in 1896.

Daegu was the capital from 1896 to 1981, but Daegu left the province in 1981. The capital changed to Andong in 2016.

North Gyeongsang Province has 19% of South Korea's land.

Gyeongsang Province was Jinhan and Byeonhan's territory in ancient times. Later Jinhan became Gaya and Byeonhan became Silla. Since Silla conquered Gaya, all of Gyeongsang Province became Silla's. When Silla collapsed and Goryeo was founded, Dongnambuseosa was established in the Gyeongsang area and it ruled the province. From Goryeo King Hyeonjong's period, the province started to be called Gyeongsang Province. In the Joseon Dynasty, which was founded after Goryeo, Gyeongsang Province was divided into Left Gyeongsang and Right Gyeongsang. In 1895, Gyeongsang Province was replaced by 4 districts. Later, in 1896, the districts were abolished, and today's North Gyeongsang and South Gyeongsang were formed. In 1981 Daegu Metropolitan City separated from the province. In 2023, very bad flooding happened there.

Currently, North Gyeongsang has 10 cities ("si") and 13 counties ("gun").

Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome

Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS, also called postural tachycardia syndrome) is a medical problem. When a person has POTS, their heart beats faster than normal when they stand up. POTS may also cause many other symptoms.


Put together, the words "postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome" mean that when a person stands up, they get tachycardia, and they also have other symptoms.

When a healthy person stands up, their heart beats faster for a little while. It does this to push blood to the brain. Then the person's heart rate goes back to normal.

When a person with POTS stands up, their heart beats much faster than normal. POTS is diagnosed when a person's heart rate increases by at least 30 beats per minute within 10 minutes after they stand up. This is called "postural tachycardia".

People with POTS also have other symptoms of "orthostatic intolerance" (symptoms that get worse when a person is standing up, and get better when the person is lying down). These symptoms may include: 

Symptoms may get worse if a person with POTS:

POTS can be caused by many different things. Many of these causes are not well understood.

Some of the known causes of POTS include:

POTS is more common in:

There are many different treatments for the symptoms of POTS. Some of these treatments include:

No medications have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to treat POTS. However, sometimes doctors treat POTS with medications that:

Most people with POTS are able to get better with treatment. About 6 out of every 10 people with POTS is able to recover within 5 years of being diagnosed with POTS. About 9 out of every 10 people with POTS have some improvement with a combination of physical treatments and medicines. 

However, some people with POTS do not get better, and may even get worse over time.



Frederick County, Virginia

Frederick County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 91,419. Its county seat is Winchester. The county was formed in 1743 by the splitting of Orange County. It is Virginia's northernmost county.

Frederick County is included in the Winchester, VA-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The area that would become Frederick County, Virginia was populated by various indigenous peoples for thousands of years before European colonization. The "Indian Road" refers to a historic trail made by local tribes.

Frederick County was established in 1743 from parts of Orange County, Virginia. At that time, "Old Frederick County" encompassed all or part of four counties in present-day Virginia — Shenandoah, Clarke, Warren, and Frederick. It also included five in present-day West Virginia — Hardy, Hampshire, Berkeley, Jefferson and Morgan. The Virginia Assembly named the new county for Frederick Louis, Prince of Wales. He was the oldest son of King George II of Great Britain.

As Commander-in-Chief of the new Colonial Virginia regiment in 1754, Colonel George Washington's headquarters were located in Winchester before and during the French and Indian War. He resigned from military service in 1758. He was appointed a general by the Continental Congress sixteen years later. Meanwhile, Washington represented Frederick County in his first elective office, having been elected to the House of Burgesses in 1758 and 1761. Daniel Morgan was another famous general during the American Revolutionary War, from (present day Clarke County).

Winchester changed hands between the Confederate and Union Armies on average once every three weeks during the war. Many battles were fought in Frederick County. Some of those battles include:

The first constitution of West Virginia provided for Frederick County to be added to the new state if approved by a local election. Unlike those of neighboring Berkeley and Jefferson counties, Frederick County residents voted to remain in Virginia.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.5%) is water. This is the northernmost county in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

As of the census of 2000, there were 59,209 people, 22,097 households, and 16,727 families residing in the county. The population density was 143 people per square mile (55/km²). There were 23,319 housing units at an average density of 56/square mile (22/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 94.99% White, 2.62% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.66% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 1.01% from two or more races. 1.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 22,097 households out of which 36.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Another 62.50% were married couples living together, 8.80% had a female householder with no husband present. The remaining 24.30% were non-families. In addition, 19.20% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the county, the population was spread out with 26.40% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 31.90% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 100.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $46,941. The median income for a family was $52,281. Males had a median income of $35,705 versus $25,046 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,080. About 4.00% of families and 6.40% of the population were below the poverty line. This was including 7.30% of those under age 18 and 6.90% of those age 65 or over.

Orange County, Virginia

Orange County is a county in the central piedmont region of the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,254. Its county seat is Orange.

Orange County is home to "Montpelier", the estate of James Madison, the 4th President of the United States and "Father of the Constitution." The county celebrated its 275th anniversary in 2009.

The area was lived in for thousands of years by different cultures of Native Americans. At the time the Europeans came, the Ontponea, a sub-group of the Siouan-speaking Manahoac tribe, lived in this Piedmont area.

The first European settlement in what was to become Orange County was Germanna, formed when Governor Alexander Spotswood settled 12 immigrant families from Westphalia, Germany there in 1714. This was a total of 42 people. Orange County was created in August 1734 when the Virginia House of Burgesses adopted “An Act for Dividing Spotsylvania County.” Unlike other counties whose boundaries had ended at the Blue Ridge Mountains, Orange was bounded on the west “by the utmost limits of Virginia” which, at that time, stretched to the Mississippi River and the Great Lakes. The colony of Virginia claimed the land, but very little of it had yet been occupied by any English people. Orange County may have been at one time the largest county that ever existed. In 1738 most of the western area was split off into Augusta County. The large county was to encourage settlement further west to counter the French claim to the Ohio River Valley region.

While no battles of the American Revolutionary War were fought in Orange County, 100 men from the county were recruited to the Culpeper Minutemen. They fought in the Battle of Great Bridge, among other engagements.

The development of transportation, including several railroad routes, up through the mid-nineteenth century helped build a agricultural economy in Orange County. The final adjustment of the county’s boundaries occurred in 1838, when Greene County was created from the western portion of Orange. The Town of Orange was legally established in 1834 (officially becoming a town in 1872) and had already served as the county seat for nearly a century. The Town of Gordonsville officially became a town in 1870.

The county saw limited conflict during the Civil War. Most of the activity was centered around the towns of Orange and Gordonsville. The exceptions were the Battle of Mine Run and the Battle of the Wilderness in the eastern portion of the county. The Battle of the Wilderness was a significant turning point in the war. Following Virginia’s readmission to the Union in 1870, and with the loss of slave labor, the agricultural economy resumed with more emphasis on livestock and dairy farming. This was because these activities requiring less physical labor. The dominance of the railroad and the relative ease it offered in delivering goods to larger markets increased the livestock production in the county’s agricultural economy. Agriculture and manufacturing continued to expand into the twentieth century, with a peak of 1279 farms and 20 manufacturing companies located within the county as of 1929. A manufacturing survey produced during the Great Depression noted that Orange County’s economy remained relatively healthy due to its accessibility.

The significance of agriculture to Orange County’s history was great enough that the Commonwealth of Virginia set aside approximately in the western portion of the county as the Madison-Barbour Rural Historic District. The District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 and is the largest such district in Virginia. It includes James Madison’s Montpelier and James Barbour’s Barboursville mansion (designed by Thomas Jefferson, now in ruins). It includes other sites listed on the National Register.

Orange County’s population went up and down following the Civil War up through the 1930s. From that point forward, the population continued to grow steadily, representing an almost 300% increase through the 2010 Census.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water. The terrain is made up of rolling hills, generally increasing in altitude and as they continue westward toward the Blue Ridge Mountains. The highest point is Cowherd Mountain at 1,196 ft (345 m), approximately 2.5 miles (4 km) northwest of Gordonsville.

Orange County lies within the watersheds of both the Rappahannock River and the York River Both of these drain into the Chesapeake Bay.







As of the census of 2010, there were 33,481 people, 12,895 households (14,616 total housing units), and 9,342 families residing in the county. The county experienced a population increase of 29%, or 7,600 people, since the 2000 census. This ties with Louisa County as the 11th fastest growing county in the state, and one of the fastest outside of Northern Virginia. The racial makeup of the county was 82.4% White, 12.7% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.4% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. 3.4% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

Out of the 12,895 households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. Out of the total number of households, 32.6% housed someone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.97.

The age distribution of the county's population was 22.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 10.7% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.6 years. For every 100 females there were 96 males.

The median income for a household in the county in 2010 was $56,837, and the median income for a family was $65,195. The per capita income for the county was $26,820 and approximately 11.5% of the population was below the poverty line. Orange County had the 9th longest mean travel time to work (37 minutes) out of 132 Virginia localities polled. The median home value was $238,500.

Ne Win

Ne Win was a Former Military Dictator of Burma, Burmese politician and military commander. He was President of Burma from 1962 to 1981. Before being President he was Prime Minister. Ne Win founded the Burma Socialist Programme Party in 1962.

On 2 March 1962 Ne Win overthrew the legitimate elected government led by U Nu in Burma. He became head of state as Chairman of the Union Revolutionary Council and also Prime Minister. His new government ended the constitution. They also removed the Burma parliament. In 1964 he made the Burma Socialist Programme Party the only political party in Burma.

On 2 March 1974, Ne Win ended the Revolutionary Council and made the Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma. He was elected president (not by people). Then he chose Brigadier General Sein Win as Prime Minister.

Wiggiswil

Wiggiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hua Guofeng

Hua Guofeng (16 February 1921 – 20 August 2008) was a Chinese communist politician who serve as Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 7 October 1976 to 28 June 1981. He was chosen to lead by Mao Zedong.

Hua was born 16 February 1921 in Jiaocheng County, Shanxi, China. He was named Su Zhu. He died 20 August 2008 in Beijing, China.

On 6 October 1976, Hua ended the Cultural Revolution. He also had the Gang of Four arrested. In 1979 he visited leaders in Europe. He was the first Chinese leader to visit since 1949.

Sulz, Lucerne

Sulz was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Arrondissement of Aubusson

The arrondissement of Aubusson is an arrondissement of France, in the Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Aubusson.

When the Creuse department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Aubusson was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (37,123 inhabitants).

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson is the most southern "arrondissement" of the Creuse department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Allier department, to the east by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the south by the Corrèze department, to the west by the Haute-Vienne department and to the north by the "arrondissement" of Guéret.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Aubusson, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": (Ahun, Bourganeuf, Gouzon). The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson has 118 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Buchrain, Switzerland

Buchrain is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Dierikon

Dierikon is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Barra do Bugres

Barra do Bugres is a city in Brazil, with about 30,000 people. It is located in the state of Mato Grosso Do Sul. It is located at the confluence of the Paraguay River and the Bugres River. Local economy is focused on agriculture. The city is about from the state capital, Cuiabá.

Arrondissement of Guéret

The arrondissement of Guéret is an arrondissement of France, in the Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Guéret.

When the Creuse department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Guéret was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Guéret is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (83,458 inhabitants).

The "arrondissement" of Guéret is the most northern "arrondissement" of the Creuse department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Cher department, to the east by the Allier department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Aubusson, to the west by the Haute-Vienne department and to the north by the Indre department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Guéret, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": Ahun, Bourganeuf and Gouzon. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Guéret has 140 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Yosemite Decimal System

The Yosemite Decimal System (YDS) is a system that is used to rate the difficulty of walks, hikes, and climbs. The system has three parts. It is used mostly by mountaineers in the United States and Canada.

The YDS system divides all hikes and climbs into five classes.

Classes 1-3 are used mainly in hiking and trail running.

If a trail is rated Class 4, a person will have to do some simple climbing to get up the trail. There is a lot of natural protection on the trail (like parts of a rock wall that are easy to step on or grab onto.) Often, people use ropes for safety on Class 4 climbs, because falls from Class 4 climbs could easily kill a person.

The Class 5 part of the system is used mostly in rock climbing. A person needs to use a rope for safety when they climb a Class 5 climb. The person may use a belayer or other protection hardware for safety. If a person falls from a Class 5 climb without being attached to a safety rope, they can be very badly hurt or killed.

In Class 6 climbs, people use equipment to help them climb. This is called "aid climbing." In aid climbing, people do not climb directly on the rock. Instead, they climb using equipment placed into or onto the rock. Class 6 is no longer widely used. Today aid climbing uses a separate scale from A0 through A5.

Starting in the 1950s, Class 5 climbs were broken down into a decimal system. As of 2022, this system rates climbs from 5.0 to 5.15d. 5.0 is the easiest type of Class 5 climb. A 5.15d is the most difficult climb any human could do without using special equipment to help them climb. 

, only two climbs in the world were rated 5.15d. The first climb is called "Silence". Adam Ondra first climbed this route in September 2017. The second proposed 5.15d is "DNA". It was first climbed by Seb Bouin in April 2022. Neither climb has been repeated to confirm the grade.

The Sierra Club originally created the Class system in the 1930s. At that time, the system was called "the Sierra Club grading system." The Sierra Club's goal was to classify hikes and climbs in the Sierra Nevada, based on how difficult those hikes and climbs were.

At first, the Sierra Club grading system compared certain hikes and climbs to others. For example, they might rate Climb #3 as harder than Climb #1, but easier than Climb #2. If a person had never done Climbs #1 or #2, this did not help them. To make the system easier to use, the Sierra Club changed its system. It started to rate hikes and climbs by numbers. This was easier for people to learn and use.

Once it started classifying climbs by numbers, the Sierra Club started dividing the classes into decimals. For example, the difficulty of a Class 4.5 route would be halfway between a Class 4 and a Class 5.

In the 1950s, members of the Rock Climbing Section of the Sierra Club's Angeles Chapter divided Class 5 into Classes 5.0 to 5.9. At that time, people thought a 5.9 was the hardest climb a person could do.

In the 1960s, as people got better at rock climbing, and as rock climbing equipment got better, Class 5.9 climbs became easier for some people to do. Classes of 5.11, 5.12, and 5.13 were added to classify harder climbs.

Later, people realized that a 5.11 climb is much harder than a 5.10. Because of this, many climbs were classified as 5.10s, and some were much harder than others. To fix this problem, the system divided 5.10, 5.11, 5.12, and 5.13 climbs even further. They did this by adding the letters "a," "b," "c," and "d" to each grade. Within each Grade, "a" is the easiest and "d" is the hardest. For example, a 5.10a is the easiest possible 5.10 climb. A 5.10d is the hardest possible 5.10 climb.

Climbs are classified based on the hardest single move on the rock climbing route. For example, if just one move on a rock climbing route is difficult enough to qualify as a 5.10d, the entire route is classified as a 5.10d.

The YDS grade system is optional (it does not have to be used). It gives climbers information about how long a climb usually takes.

The grades are:


The Grade is mostly used in mountaineering and big wall climbing. It is not often used when talking about short rock climbs.

The YDS system also includes an optional protection rating. This rating tells the climber how much protection is available on the climbing route for an experienced, skilled lead climber. (In lead climbing, the rope is not fixed at the top of the route. Instead, the lead climber goes first and hooks the safety rope into special equipment every few feet on the way up.) 

When this rating system was created, the letter codes were the same as the American system for rating the content of movies:


The G and PG ratings are often left out, since they are typical of normal, everyday climbing. R and X ratings are normally used to warn lead climbers who do not realize how dangerous a climb is. 

There is some controversy (argument) over the exact definition of the YDS Classes. Some rock climbing experts have suggested updated versions of these classifications.

The YDS classes are subjective. This means they are based on individual opinions, not facts. Traditionally, the first person to do a climb gives the climb its classification number. Other climbers might not agree with that person's classification of the climb. There is no official group of people who agree on which climbs get which classifications. 

Climbs may be classified differently in indoor rock climbing gyms, and in different types of outdoor rock climbing. Climbs are also classified differently in different parts of the United States.

The Grade and Protection categories do not apply to every climb. Use of protection ratings vary greatly from area to area, and from guidebook to guidebook.

, there is no formula that climbers can use to plan climbs based on the average climbing speed, the climb's Grade, the distance of the climb, and how high up it goes.


Function (biology)

Function in biology is what a part of the body or cell does in relation to the whole. It is the reason some part or process occurred in a system which evolved by natural selection.

A similar definition is "the function of a component in an organism is the contribution it makes to that organism's fitness".

The term is used especially in physiology, in phrases like "the function of the kidneys is to excrete urea from the body" or "the function of the heart is to push blood around the body". It is incorrect to use the word 'purpose' instead of 'function', because the word 'purpose' implies forethought.

British princess

A British princess is a princess who has the title of a Princess of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. In Britain, the title "Princess" and the use of the style "Royal Highness" can only be used for these persons:


Queen Elizabeth II issued Letters Patent dated 21 August 1996 stating that any woman divorced from a Prince of the United Kingdom would no longer be entitled to the style "Royal Highness". This has so far applied to Diana, Princess of Wales, and Sarah, Duchess of York.

Amar Singh (cricketer)

Ladhabhai Nakum Amar Singh (4 December 1910 – 21 May 1940) was an Indian cricketer. His full name was Ladhabhai Nakum Amar Singh Lodha. He was a right arm fast bowler and an effective lower order batsman. Amar Singh was the first Indian to receive a Test cap. He was born in Rajkot, Gujarat on 4 December 1910.

Amar Singh played for the Indian cricket team, Hindus cricket team and various teams in the first class cricket matches. He took 28 wickets and scored 292 runs in 7 Test cricket matches, playing for the Indian cricket team.

Amar Singh died due to typhoid on May 21 1940 in Jamnagar, Gujarat.

Pietro Martorana

Pietro Martorana (1705 – 1759), was an Italian painter. He was a member of a family of artists from Palermo. He was one of the main representatives of the classic late Baroque painting in Sicily.
Martorana painted frescos in Palermo in the churches of Santa Rosalia, St. Chiara and St. Carlo. With Olivio Sozzi. He decorated the palace of Michele Gravina Branciforte, prince of Butera in Palermo.


Siad Barre

Mohamed Siad Barre was the President of the Somali Democratic Republic from 1969 to 1991.

In 1969 President Abdirashid Ali Shermarke was assassinated. The military took power of the government. Major General Barre became the leader of the country. The new government used a form of socialism called scientific socialism. The country was renamed to the Somali Democratic Republic.

In 1991 Somalia had a civil war. Barre was removed as the leader. He tried to take back the city of Mogadishu but lost. He then went into exile. Barre died on 2 January 1995.

Roger Binny

Binny's batting style is right arm batting. He bowling style is right arm fast bowling.

Binny's son Stuart Binny plays for an Indian cricket team. Roger Binny scored 830 runs in test cricket and 629 runs in One Day International matches. He took 47 wickets in test cricket and 77 wickets in One Day International matches.

Mohammad Mosaddegh

Mohammad Mosaddegh was an Iranian politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Iran from 1951 until 1953. He was also an author, administrator, lawyer, and parliamentarian.

On 19 August 1953 Mosaddegh was removed from office by the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and Britain's MI6. This was called Operation Ajax in the West. In Iran it is called the "28 Mordad 1332" coup . The change in power was one reason for the Iranian Revolution in 1979.

Mosaddegh was named man of the year in 1951 by "Time" magazine. He remains one of the most popular people in Iranian history.

First Battle of Kernstown

The First Battle of Kernstown was fought on March 23, 1862, in Frederick County and Winchester, Virginia during the American Civil War. Confederate General Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson's Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1862 was generally a success. However, the First Battle of Kernstown was one his few defeats. 

At the beginning of 1862, President Abraham Lincoln wanted his generals to attack in force against the Confederacy. McClellan was massing his army for his Peninsula Campaign with the goal of capturing the Confederate capital of Richmond and ending the war. To do this McClellan had to weaken his forces protecting Washington, D.C.. This left only two Union forces to protect Washington. Besides Banks in the Shenandoah Valley, General Irwin McDowell had forces in Northern Virginia. Banks was to clear the Shenandoah Valley of Confederate forces then move up towards Washington so McDowell's force of 30,000 to move against Richmond from the north. Banks left General James Shields with a force of about 9,000 in the Valley while he would move east to Manassas, Virginia, to be closer to Washington, D.C.

Stonewall Jackson was given the task of keeping the Federal Army busy in the Valley so they could not join McClellan. Jackson's cavalry commander, Colonel Turner Ashby, learned that part of the Union forces were leaving the valley and only a small force remained. 

Jackson gave Ashby permission to attack while he moved the remainder of his forces up to join Ashby. Unfortunately, Ashley's information was bad. While the Confederates thought they were attacking only four regiments (totalling about 3,000 men), there were actually about three times that number of Union soldiers. The remaining Union troops remained out of sight during the skirmish. General Shields was wounded in the fighting and turned command of the Union division over to Colonel Nathan Kimball.

At about nine o'clock on the morning of March 23, Ashby's cavalry attacked. Kimball was not certain if this was another skirmish or the start of a battle. But just in case, he placed his forces in a strong defensive position on Pritchard Hill. He placed his artillery there as well. On seeing this, Jackson concentrated his artillery on Sandy Ridge, west of Prichard Hill. At about three-thirty, Jackson could see from Sandy Ridge that what he thought was a small Union force was actually much bigger. Jackson told one of his officers "We are in for it."

Kimball, believing he was up against a much larger Confederate force, decided to silence the Confederate guns on Sandy Ridge. His attack was met with strong resistance from the Confederates and the battle soon became a stalemate. Jackson kept sending in more Confederate troops, but he could not drive the Union line back. Kimball still had fresh reserves he could send into the battle. By six o'clock the Confederates were running low on ammunition and were nearly exhausted. When one of his brigades ran out of ammunition completely, they had to withdraw from the battle. The Union army attacked through the gap they left and Jackson's entire force had to quickly retreat.


Jan Sokol

Jan Sokol (18 April 1936 – 16 February 2021) was a Czech philosopher, translator and politician. He was son of architect Jan Sokol. He was a member of parliament from 1990 to 1992. He was minister of education from January to July 1998. In 2003, he was candidate for President of the Czech Republic. He was a member of Charles University faculty.

Sokol died on 16 February 2021, aged 84.


Anastasio Somoza Debayle

Anastasio "Tachito" Somoza DeBayle was officially the 73rd and 76th President of Nicaragua. As the leader of Nicaragua's military he was really the leader of the country from 1967 to 1979.

Many people did not like Somoza as a leader. A group called the Sandinista National Liberation Front wanted to make Nicaragua a better country. They had support from inside and outside the country. In 1975 Somoza Debayle tried to stop the Sandinistas and anyone in Nicaragua who supported them. The Soviet Union and Cuba were giving the Sandinistas money to keep fighting the Somoza family. In 1979 the United States stopped supporting Somoza.

On 17 July 1979 Somoza quit the presidency. He fled to Miami but U.S. President Jimmy Carter would not allow him to enter the country. Somoza then went to Paraguay. 

On 17 September 1980 the Sandinistas assassinated Somoza DeBayle.

Autism Speaks

Autism speaks was founded in February 2005 by Bob and Suzanne Wright. Their earlier groups were Cure Autism Now (founded in 1995) and the National Alliance for Autism Research (founded in 1994).

Autism Speaks is a controversial network. It used to view autism as a disease -- which caused controversy in the autistic community.

Aubusson, Creuse

Aubusson (Occitan auvergnat: "Le Buçon", formerly "Aubuçon") is a commune of the Creuse department in central France, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

In 1790, when the departments were created, Aubusson was named as district of the Creuse department and an "arrondissement" in 1800.

The "commune" of Aubusson is in the southern part of the department, at the confluence of the Creuse river and its tributary the Beauze river. The city is at the northeastern end of the Millevaches plateau.

It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Aubusson is at about from Bordeaux, at from Toulouse, at from Paris and at from Lyon.

The "communes" that are around Aubusson are Blessac, Alleyrat, Saint-Maixant, Saint-Amand, Saint-Alpinien , Saint-Pardoux-le-Neuf, Moutier-Rozeille, Saint-Quentin-la-Chabanne and Saint-Marc-à-Frongier.
Aubusson has an oceanic climate with relatively hot summers, mild winters and abundant rainfall, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The inhabitants of Aubusson are known, in French, as "Aubussonnais" (women: "Aubussonnaises").

The "commune" of Aubusson has a population, in 2014, of 3,591; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Aubusson

Aubusson forms the urban area of Aubusson with a population of 3,679 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Aubusson, formed by 9 "communes" with a population of 6,386 inhabitants and an area of .

Aubusson is the subprefecture of the Creuse department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Aubusson and the administrative centre () of the canton of Aubusson, with 9,437 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Creuse Grand Sud" ().

Aubusson is well known for its tapestry and carpets, which have been famous throughout the world since the 14th century. Its origins were born with the arrival of weavers from Flanders, who moved to Aubusson around 1580. There is a famous collection of Aubusson tapestries at Vallon-Pont-d'Arc.



Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement

Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement (Agro ParisTech, Paris Institute of Technology for Life, Food and Environmental Sciences) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students of many nationalities participate to the different curricula at Agro ParisTech.

Research activities at Agro ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Tiger Electronics

Tiger Electronics is an American toy manufacturer which was founded in 1979. It makes entertainment products for children. Tiger is based in Vernon Hills, Illinois. In 1998, Tiger Electronics, Ltd., became a subsidiary of the toy manufacturer Hasbro. Tiger Electronics is probably best known for Furby toys, Giga Pets and the Game.com handheld game console.

First Battle of Winchester

The First Battle of Winchester was fought on May 25, 1862, in and around Frederick County and Winchester, Virginia during the American Civil War. The battle was a victory in Confederate Army Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's Campaign through the Shenandoah Valley. Jackson enveloped the right flank of the Union Army under Major General Nathaniel P. Banks. The Union forces retreated across the Potomac River into Maryland. Due to confusion among Confederate commanders, Jackson was unable to pursue Banks into Maryland.

At the beginning of 1862, President Abraham Lincoln wanted his generals to attack in force against the Confederacy. Major General George B. McClellan was massing his army for his Peninsula Campaign with the goal of capturing the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia and ending the war. To do this McClellan had to weaken his forces protecting Washington, D.C.. This left only two Union forces to protect Washington. Besides Banks in the Shenandoah Valley, General Irwin McDowell had forces in Northern Virginia. Banks was to clear the Shenandoah Valley of Confederate forces, then move up towards Washington so McDowell's force of 30,000 could move against Richmond from the north. 

Confederate General Stonewall Jackson was given the task of keeping the Federal Army busy in the Valley so they could not join McClellan. Jackson was defeated at the First Battle of Kernstown on March 23, 1862. In spite of the loss, Jackson did gain a strategic victory. It kept Banks in the Valley and prevented McDowell from sending troops to McClellan's Peninsula Campaign.

On April 17, the weather cleared and Banks started moving south towards Harrisonburg. At about this time the strategic situation changed for the Confederacy. General Joseph E. Johnston had moved to the Peninsula taking 55,000 Confederate soldiers to defend against McClellan's 110,000 troops. Confederate general Richard S. Ewell's division was now between Johnson on the Peninsula and Jackson in the Valley and could support either as the need arose. So Jackson no longer needed to keep Union forces in the Valley from joining McClellan, he now wanted to force them out of the Shenandoah Valley completely.

On April 25, Banks' Union force occupied Harrisonburg. Jackson withdrew to Swift Run Gap (about 20 miles East of Harrisonburg). This put him in a position to outflank Banks if the Union forces moved any further south and allowed him to stay in contact with Ewell's Confederate division if he needed support. Meanwhile a Union brigade under Robert H. Milroy was at the village of McDowell, Virginia which threatened Jackson's supply depot at Staunton. Jackson left Ewell at Swift Run Gap to move against Milroy. 

On May 8, Jackson's forces attacked Milroy's Union forces at McDowell. It was a Union tactical victory because the Union forces had fewer casualties than Jackson's forces. But it was a strategic victory for Jackson because the Union forces withdrew back across the Allegheny Mountains ending the threat. Jackson returned to the Shenandoah Valley and decided that his and Ewell's command would now deal with Banks. In turn, Banks anticipated Jackson's move and asked permission to leave Strasburg and move north, but it was denied. Earlier, on May 1, Lincoln had ordered one of Banks' divisions to join the Union forces at Fredericksburg under General McDowell. This weakened Banks's forces but he believed Jackson had left the Valley. On learning Milroy had been driven back at McDowell, Banks sent his 1st Maryland Infantry division to Front Royal, Virginia (about 12 miles to the east) to protect his left flank.

Jackson had intended to move against Banks at Strasburg. But when he learned there were Union infantry at Front Royal, he decided to attack there first. On May 23, at the Battle of Front Royal, Jackson's Confederates captured the town of Front Royal, along with most of the 900 Union soldiers who defended it. Realizing Jackson was now on his flank and he had no support at Front Royal, on May 24 Banks retreated to Winchester. Because of the good protection provided by his rearguard and poor communications between Jackson and Ewell, Banks was able to reach Winchester with minimal losses.

When Banks arrived at Winchester, he started organizing his defenses. On May 25, Jackson's first attack was thrown back. Ewell approached Winchester from the southwest with his division and attacked Camp Hill (now Overlook Park in the southeastern part of Winchester). At the same time Jackson's Louisiana Brigade outflanked, then overran the Union position on Bower's Hill (southwestern part of Winchester). With their flanks broken, the Union troops began a disorganized retreat through the city of Winchester. Even citizens of Winchester fired on the Union soldiers. Banks retreated across the Potomac River back into Maryland. This was the decisive victory for Jackson's Valley Campaign.

Jackson lost about 68 killed and 329 wounded. Banks Union casualties were approximately 62 killed, 243 wounded and over 1,700 captured or missing. 

Jackson's infantry was too tired to keep up with the retreating Union soldiers. His cavalry, led by Colonel Turner Ashby, was completely useless. They had started looting the abandoned and damaged Union wagons for supplies and had broken off from fighting. Confederate General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry was attached to Ewell's forces. But they could not be found in time. Once they were located, Stuart refused Jackson's order and waited for the order to come through Ewell. Jackson won a victory at Winchester, but could not finish off his enemy.

The defeat of Banks caused great concern in Washington. President Lincoln ordered McDowell to send 20,000 men to help deal with the situation in the Shenandoah Valley. These were troops McClellan needed in his Peninsula Campaign. For the next few weeks, Jackson continued to defeat Union efforts at the Battles of Cross Keys and Port Republic in June 1862. 

Akasaka Station

Akasaka Station (赤坂駅,あかさかえき) is a railway station of Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan.


List of language regulators

This is a list of language regulators - organisations which guard the evolution of a language.

Cordillera Department

The Cordillera department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Caacupé. Its code is PY-03.

The Cordillera department is in the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , the largest of the "Oriental" region, with a population of 282,981 for a population density of .


The main river in the department, and of Paraguay, is the Paraguay that makes the western border of the department.

The main lake is the "Ypacaraí".

The department is divided in 20 districts:



Zhao Ziyang

Zhao Ziyang was a high-ranking politician in China. He was the Premier of the People's Republic of China from 1980 to 1987, Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1981 to 1982 and General Secretary of the Communist Party of China from 1987 to 1989.

Zhao did not like Maoist policies. He received support from Deng Xiaoping after the Cultural Revolution. Zhao tried to stop corruption and to make general market economic changes. His views made him unpopular with important leaders including Premier Li Peng, former President Li Xiannian and Party elder Chen Yun. After the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 Zhao was not allowed to be a politician. He was placed under house arrest.

Nikolai Ryzhkov

Nikolai Ivanovich Ryzhkov (28 September 1929 – 28 February 2024) was a former Soviet politician who served as the Premier of the Soviet Union during Mikhail Gorbachev's Rule from 1985 to 1991. He became a Russian politician after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Ryzhkov was Boris Yeltsin's leading opponent in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) 1991 presidential election.

Ryzhkov was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour twice, the Order of the October Revolution in 1971, the Order of Lenin twice, and the Order of Merit for the Fatherland, 4th class. He was named a National Hero of Armenia.

In March 2014, after the Crimean crisis, Ryzhkov was sanctioned by both the European Union and United States.

Marga Marga Province

Marga Marga Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The city of Quilpué is the capital of the province.

The province of Marga Marga was created in 2010 with 2 communes of the Valparaíso province, Quilpué and Villa Alemana, and 2 communes of the province of Quillota, Limache and Olmué.

The Marga Marga province has an area of , the sixth largest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Quillota and Isla de Pascua provinces are smaller.

Marga Marga is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the north by the Quillota province, on the east and south by Santiago Metropolitan region, and to the west by the Valparaíso province.

 (last national census), there were 277,525 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Quilpué, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 128,578 inhabitants. Other cities are Villa Alemana (95,623), Limache (39,219) and Olmué (14,105).

As a province, Marga Marga is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Quilpué serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Missal

In the western-rite Church, the term Missal is used for a text that describes the different types of Mass there are, as well as how to celebrate a given type Mass. Pope Pius V published the first missal for the Roman Catholic Church 1570.

Wilderswil

Wilderswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


American Civil War casualties

American Civil War casualties are those soldiers, both Union and Confederate, who died, were wounded, went missing or were captured. The American Civil War was the nation's bloodiest war. The violence in battles such as Shiloh, Antietam, Stones River and Gettysburg shocked everyone in the country, both North and South. It also shocked international observers. Of those who died, by far the leading cause of death was disease. The exact number of dead will never be known with any certainty. All Civil War casualty numbers are estimates, no matter what the source. For over a hundred years the total number of dead has been accepted by most historians as 618,222, generally rounded off to 620,000. Newer estimates have put the number at about 750,000 or about 20% higher than previously approximated.

In 1860, no one expected any armed conflict would come from the Southern states secession from the Union. Or, if it did, it would be brief and mostly for show purposes. Southerners did not believe the North would mobilize an army against them. The U.S. Senator from South Carolina made the statement he would drink all the blood shed over the South declaring their independence from the Union. Then, as it became apparent that it would become a military confrontation, both sides believed it would not last very long. In 1861, when the Union Army entered the First Battle of Bull Run, they thought a quick victory would bring an end to the war. After the Union loss at Bull Run, the Confederates thought the Union would simply give up the idea re-uniting the North and South. Both were wrong.

During the 1850s there were a number of improvements in weapons, especially rifles. During the Civil War, both armies were equipped with rifles that could shoot farther, could reload faster and were much more accurate than the muskets used in the Mexican–American War. Yet the same military tactics were being used as the earlier war; close formations of men firing in volleys. The new rifles combined with obsolete tactics were responsible for up to 90% of all deaths in battle.

Death was only one of several ways a soldier could be listed as a casualty. During the Civil War a casualty was any soldier who could not perform his duties. This could be for any reason including being sick, wounded, captured, missing or killed. A single soldier could be listed as a casualty several times during the war.

The mid-nineteenth century attitudes towards death and dying for a noble cause were considerably different than modern thinking. Men saw going to war as a chance for glory and honor. They thought that giving one's life for their country or cause was the highest calling. But dying of disease was considered a horrible way to die and most feared it more than dying in battle. War was presented to soldiers as a way to die "for God and country". It represented both Christian and nationalist reasons for going to war. As most were Christians, they were far better prepared to die than to kill. American society in general, and soldiers in particular, believed in the "ars moriendi" (the art of dying) or the "good death." These attitudes left soldiers to believe that a good death was glorious and at the same time a last act of redemption. Also, by dying well a person showed others how to die well.

Another factor which contributed to the high death tolls was the status of medical care at the beginning of the Civil War. In 1861, medical knowledge, diagnostic procedures, equipment, and treatment protocols were very crude by modern standards. Because doctors were often unaware of what caused the diseases they were encountering, and because medical hygiene practices were poor compared with those practiced today, physicians often could do very little to treat their patients; in many cases, they even hastened soldiers' deaths by failing to wash their hands and instruments before moving from one patient to the next - simple protocols which did not begin to take hold until later in the war through the pioneering military medical management efforts of William A. Hammond and Jonathan Letterman. As a result, at times, a physician's treatment of wounds, infections and diseases did more harm than good.

In addition, camp hygiene was extremely poor. Inadequate sanitation facilities, and the lack of shelter, clothing, shoes and food, as well as contaminated water contributed to high death rates in the camps. Diarrhea and dysentery became the leading causes of death with casualty figures showing that roughly twice as many soldiers died from disease as from the most frequent type of battle injury - the gunshot wound (shown in Latin terminology on military medical records as "Vulnus Sclopet").

Other ailments which affected Civil War soldiers included:
Soldiers who were captured by the enemy and held as prisoners of war (POWs) were, in a significant number of instances, housed in such miserable conditions that they faced a higher likelihood of contracting and succumbing to one of the medical conditions shown above; starvation also became a problem in POW camps as more soldiers were captured in battle and food shortages widened.

Even healthcare practitioners were not immune; nurses were particularly at risk of catching diseases from the soldiers they tended.

As many as half of the men killed in battle were not identified when they were buried. The records kept by each company were designed to keep track of how many men were in each unit, not to keep track of each soldier. Confederate military records are much fewer than Union records. When Richmond fell in 1865, records were destroyed, shipped south or left behind. Some of the records were kept by the Union Army and sent to the War Department in Washington, D.C.. The Adjutant General started a bureau for the “collection, safekeeping, and publication of Rebel Archives” in July of 1865. In 1903, the Secretary of War made an appeal to Southern Governors to lend the War Department any Confederate Army records in their possession so they could be copied.

Since about 1900, historians have quoted the numbers produced by Thomas L. Livermore of 618,222 Confederate and Union deaths during the war. Livermore's number was based on incomplete battle reports. It also made a crude guess as to how many died from disease and other causes. His book was titled "Numbers and Losses in the Civil War in America, 1861-65."

Before Livermore, another Civil War veteran, William F. Fox, compiled his estimate the hard way. He went over every muster list, battlefield record and pension record he could find. In 1889 he wrote "Regimental Losses in the American Civil War, 1861-1865". Fox came up with the round number of 94,000 dead. In addition to the number, Fox contributed information on the average Union soldier. For example, that he averaged 5 feet 8 ¼ inches tall and weighed 143 ½ pounds.

Interestingly, before Fox or Livermore, the superintendent of the1870 United States Census, Francis A. Walker, had estimated the number of male deaths to be “not less than 850,000.” But this was not as widely accepted as the lower numbers. Probably the main reason was that the census itself that year was suspected of being wrong. Walker's estimate was based on calculating a typical growth in population which had been consistent during the nineteenth century, minus the number of males who were missing from the census.

Many historians are beginning to accept that the earlier death estimates were probably far too low. A demographic historian from New York's Binghamton University, J. David Hacker, has made a new calculation of Civil War deaths which is about 20% higher. The new estimate is 750,000 deaths and is based on digitized nineteenth century census data. The population of the United States in 1860 was just under 31.5 million. Approximately 2,000,000 men served in the Union forces while about 750,000 served in the Confederacy. About 75% of soldiers were born in America. Of the remaining 25% who were foreign born, many did not appear in any census records prior to the Civil War.

Amputation was by far the most common surgery in the Civil War. During the war it is estimated that about 60,000 surgeries were performed. Of these, nearly 75% were amputations. There were several reasons why amputation was the main procedure. Bullet wounds made by the slow moving Minié ball caused major damage. They often shattered bones beyond repair. Another reason was to prevent gangrene and other complications. Men often lay unattended for a day or more before being brought to a surgeon. Perhaps the most important reason was that medics had too many wounded men and very little time to reconstruct damaged body parts. Lastly, if a man was wounded in the head, stomach or chest, he rarely lived long enough to be taken to a field hospital.

Until the war, most American doctors had never seen wounds like these. Most only had experience in lancing boils or pulling teeth. Doctors knew very little about germs and bacteria. Bandages were used over and over again on different men without washing or disinfecting them first. By modern standards the operations were crude, even brutal. Soldiers called medics "butchers" and they feared amputations more than anything else. To avoid losing a limb and the painful operation, some soldiers and officers went so far as to try to treat their wounds themselves.

Where the wound was located on a limb affected the soldier's ability to survive after the Surgery. The closer a wound was to the body the higher the mortality rate. For example, Confederate General John Bell Hood was wounded in the leg at the Battle of Chickamauga. His leg was amputated just over from his hip. This type of hip operation had an 83% mortality rate. Hood was among the 17% who survived. Arm wounds had a lower mortality rate of 24%. But Stonewall Jackson did not long survive the loss of his arm. The amputation process itself was done quickly. A cut was made around the arm or leg. Then the bone was sawed through. Nerves were pulled out as far as possible then cut off. The bloody stump was often left to heal by itself or a flap of skin was sewn over the stump. The surgeon had to move quickly to keep the patient from losing too much blood or going into shock. A leg amputation at the knee could be done in three minutes. In most cases anesthesia was used.

Men who survived an amputation needed to return to their work after the war. They needed a prosthesis to replace a missing arm or leg. In the case of North Carolina, it was the first of the former Confederate states to provide artificial legs to its veterans who needed them. In 1866, they passed a law providing artificial legs to their veterans. For those who could not use an artificial leg, the veteran amputee was given $70. North Carolina took care of 1,550 veterans who applied for help.


Tuncay Şanlı

Tuncay Şanlı (born 16 January 1982) is a former Turkish football player. He has played for Turkey national team.

Marko Podraščanin

Marko Podraščanin () (born 29 August 1987) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and Italian club Sir Safety Umbria Perugia. He has participated in two Olympic Games (Beijing 2008, London 2012), and is a bronze medalist of the World Championship 2010.


Andrea Sartoretti

Andrea Sartoretti (born June 19, 1971) is an Italian former volleyball player. He has won two silver medals and a bronze medal in three Olympic Games between 1996 and 2004.


Earvin N'Gapeth

Earvin N'Gapeth (born 12 February 1991) is a French volleyball player, a member of French national volleyball team and Italian club Modena. Ngapeth winner 2015 European Champion, a gold medalist of the 2015 World League, French Champion (2010), Italian Champion (2016).


North Chungcheong Province

North Chungcheong Province, or Chungcheongbuk-do ( ]), is a province in the centre of South Korea. It was formed in 1896 from the northeastern half of the former Chungcheong province. The provincial capital is Cheongju.

Port of Amsterdam

The Port of Amsterdam is a port located in the city of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. Looking at the amount of cargo shipped, the port is the 4th most important in Europe. The port was created in the 13th century. It was one of the main ports of the Dutch East India Company, in the 17th century. Today, it is the second largest port in the Netherlands, after the port of Rotterdam. The North Sea Canal connects the port to the North Sea. The port of Amsterdam is mostly used for bulk cargo. In 2013, about 95 million tons of goods passed through one of the ports in Amsterdam. 79 millon tons of these were bulk cargo. About 60.000 people work in the port.

Khalji dynasty

The Khalji dynasty was a Muslim dynasty of Turkic origin. It ruled large parts of South Asia between 1290 and 1320. It covered Eastern Pakistan and much of present-day India.

Larry Roberts (actor)

Lawrence Saltzman (September 28, 1926 – July 17, 1992), also known as Larry Roberts, was an American actor and comedian. He was best known for his role of playing the voice of Tramp in the 1955 Disney movie "Lady and the Tramp". He was also well known for his roles in the 1950s TV series "Lights, Camera, Action!".


Bulk cargo

Bulk cargo is a type of cargo that is carried in big amounts. Bulk cargo can be gases, liquids, coal, and wheat.

Sepoy

A sepoy was an Indian footsoldier (of whatever religion) in the East India Company army or the British Indian Army. The term comes from the Persian language "Sipahi". The term "sipahi" was also used for cavalry soldiers in the army of the Seljuks and the Ottomans.

In the modern Indian Army, Pakistan Army, Bangladesh Army and Nepalese Army, it is still used for the rank of private soldier.

Vicente Martín y Soler

Vicente Martín y Soler (2 May 1754 – 30 January 1806) was a composer from Spain. He wrote many operas and ballets.

He was born in Valencia, a city in Spain. He studied music in Bologna in Italy. His teacher in Bologna was Giovanni Battista Martini. His first opera was "Il tutore burlato". It was performed in Madrid in 1775. Then he went to Italy. He worked as a composer for the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples from 1777 to 1785. Then he moved to Vienna in Austria. His operas in Vienna had much success. In 1788 Catherine the Great, the Empress of Russia, invited him to work for her. In Russia he wrote more operas and ballets. They were performed in the Empress's theater in Saint Petersburg. Martín y Soler died in Saint Petersburg.

Martín y Soler's most important operas were:

Les Rodanes

Les Rodanes is a natural reserve in Valencian Community, Spain located into the municipal boundary of Vilamarxant, Valencia province. The territory occupies an area of .

In 2002 was stated as nature reserve into the municipal boundary of Vilamarxant, Camp del Turia. It's located few kilometers at south of the River Turia. It has an area of 582,47 ha.

Its geology is formed by sandstones and argillites.

This place is the habitat of around 50 bird species as "Buteo buteo", "Falco tinnunculus", "Tyto alba", "Strigidae", "Athene noctua" and mammals as "Mustela nivalis", "Vulpini" and "Sus scrofa".

Generalitat Valenciana - Paraje Natural Municipal "Les Rodanes" (Valencian)

Arrondissements of the Indre department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Indre department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Indre are:

Since its creation, the Indre department has had some changes:


Field hospital

A field hospital is a small mobile medical facility that takes care of casualties close to the battlefield, or in case of disasters, the scene of the natural or man-made catastrophe. The World Health Organization gives the definition of a field hospital as: "a mobile, self-contained, self-sufficient health care facility capable of rapid deployment and expansion or contraction to meet immediate emergency requirements for a specified period of time". The treatment of wounds received in war is an ancient art. The term "field hospital" is most often used as a military term.

It has been the custom of removing wounded soldiers from the battlefield and caring for them since ancient times. They were taken to temporary shelters and given what care was customary for that time period.

In Homer's Iliad, it makes brief mention of Machaon and Podalirius. These are the earliest mention in literature of field surgeons who helped fallen soldiers. The Greeks and Romans were known to use nearby houses, stables and temples as field hospitals to care for wounded soldiers. Even then, Romans understood drainage and sewage systems helped keep field hospitals clean and get injured soldiers back to health again.

Among the men returning from the Crusades were many lame, blind and sick who needed care. The Church set up Religious orders to care for the sick and injured. One group who provided this care was called the Knights Hospitallers. They had set up field hospitals at Jerusalem and Acre from 1120 to 1291.

Medieval Spain was fairly advanced in field medicine. When Spanish armies went on campaigns, medics and surgeons went with them. During the 13th century, hospitals followed the Arabic pattern of orgainzing patients into different areas based on sex, type of disease or injuries. During the Conquest of Granada, when Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile expelled the Moors from Northern Spain, Queen Isabella had established ambulances and field hospitals for her soldiers.

Near the end of the 18th century, France began paying closer attention to the poor condition of its hospitals. In Paris, the Hôtel Dieu was full of disease and vermin. It had about 1,220 beds and up to six patients shared a bed. Others lay in halls on piles of straw in extremely dirty conditions. When doctors came to visit in the morning, they had to hold sponges dipped in vinegar over their faces because of the bad smell. The Hôtel-Dieu was not a military hospital, but was typical of most hospitals at the time. In 1788, the French Academy of Sciences made several recommendations to make hospitals cleaner and have better ventilation. It laid out the size the rooms should be, that they should contain 34 to 36 beds and have floor to ceiling windows. The committee borrowed several ideas from visiting England and seeing hospitals there.

Field hospitals during the Napoleonic era were crude by modern standards. There was still no knowledge of hygiene, antibiotics had not yet been discovered and amputation was the most common treatment for battlefield wounds. Soldiers sometimes waited for days to be removed from the battlefield. The wounded had no water or food, and flies would plague them as they lay there bleeding. Many died from infection before getting medical help. If they were removed, they were sent to makeshift surgical facilities where overworked surgeons did the best they could. In a "field hospital" they had to endure amputations with no anesthetic. Officers were sometimes offered rum or brandy while regular soldiers were given a piece of wood to bite down on. The prospects for surviving their wounds were dim.

By 1861, medical knowledge and equipment still had far to go. Treating wounds, infections and diseases often did more harm than good. Doctors did not understand what caused infections and could do very little to treat them. Estimates are that twice as many soldiers died from disease as died from gunshot wounds. Camp hygiene was extremely poor. Sanitation facilities, the lack of shelter, clothing, shoes and food all contributed to high death rates in the camps. Prisoners of war lived under the most miserable conditions. Dysentery was extremely common in most camps because of poor sanitation and contaminated water. Doctors did not wash instruments or their hands as they moved from patient to patient. Nurses who tended the sick risked catching the diseases themselves. With the crude state of medicine at the time, most diseases could be fatal. While medical knowledge and conditions gradually improved during the war, it still wasn't enough to save thousands of lost lives.

In World War I, the U.S. Army used "evacuation hospitals" (called "evacs") which were a part of getting them care as soon as possible. Stretcher bearers were medical soldiers who carried the wounded off the field. They were first brought to the Battalion Aid Station. Here medics gave basic first aid. For any more serious treatment stretcher bearers and ambulances took the wounded to a field hospital. At the field hospital, they went through triage which was a process of sorting out patients by how serious and life-threatening their wounds were. Soldiers who were exposed to poison gas were treated at specially equipped hospitals. After triage, they were taken by ambulance to the evacuation hospitals. There they received surgery and would stay there while they got better. After the evac hospital, they went to base hospitals where they could receive more care and rest. World War I was the first time the army experimented with mobile hospitals.

During World War II, allied field hospitals were mobile. They usually held about 400 beds while the more stationary evacuation hospitals could be 400 or 750 bed hospitals. The mobile hospitals would arrive within days after an invasion and would move with the armies, always remaining a few miles behind the front lines. They usually used canvas tents but would also use any buildings in the area when available. When the field hospital was about to move, they stopped accepting casualties and sent those they had to other field hospitals. They then packed their tents and equipment onto trucks and moved to the new location. Within a few hours they were ready to accept wounded soldiers again.
The World War II German field hospitals were very similar to those of the U.S. Army. But the Germans differed in their triage procedures were different. Their first aid was given at a "verwundetennest" by army medics (not doctors). This consisted of using bandages and/or splints and were located very close to if not on the battlefield. They were then sent to the "truppenverbandplatz" (aid station) where they were seen by a doctor. After this patients who were stabilized were sent to a "hauptverbandplatz" (clearing station). This was located about from the front and usually had two doctors (but more were added as needed). They had a staff that could take care of about 200 patients (more staff was added if necessary). If the soldier had an abdomenal or other serious wound, they were given surgery here. Then, after the most serious were taken care of, any less serious wounds that needed surgery were taken care of. For those who had severe bone fractures, brain injuries or chest wounds, they were sent to a military hospital called a "kriegslazarett".

In the United States, there are more than 75 military hospitals and 461 clinics who see both military personnel and their families. In times of emergency, they see civilian patients. Another example is Israel. The Israel Defense Forces can set up a field hospital within 12 hours of arriving when local hospitals are either overwhelmed or are not functioning. These are two examples of modern military field hospitals serving a dual purpose.

For countries affected by natural disasters, many (in the Americas at least) have most of the supplies they need already in the country. This is contrary to what the news media often reports. Ironically, this causes many well-meaning people to send donations to places where they may not be drastically needed. Also, field hospitals that are already in the country can usually be set up much faster than waiting on other countries to send field hospitals. For those countries who do not have these resources, one of the items highest on their list of things to have in case of emergency are field hospitals.

Modern field hospitals have changed from canvas tents to modern, well-equipped health care centers. While many are still made of fabric, they are specifically designed to be clean, safe and comfortable shelters. They are highly mobile and may be found in nearly all parts of the world. They range in size from small single room shelters to fully equipped hospitals with 200 or more beds. They provide all kinds of necessary medical care. Modern field hospitals may have emergency rooms (ER), intensive care unit (ICU) and outpatient clinics. They provide all areas of needed health care from first aid to psychological care to preventive healthcare.

Often, international disaster responses are limited by politics more than availability of equipment and personnel. The affected country, international relief organizations (e.g. the United Nations), non-profit organizations or the country providing the emergency relief often cause delays or otherwise limit the providing of emergency medical facilities. All too often the needs of that organization or government come first. Ideally, the situations should be quickly evaluated to determine what help is needed by those trained to do so. Then, the response should be based on humanitarian needs and not political considerations.

Under international humanitarian law hospitals of any kind have a special protected status. To deliberately attack a hospital or any medical unit is considered a war crime. It is also prohibited to use a hospital or medical facility as part of a military action. For example, to use a hospital as a fortification. It is also against international law to use a hospital, ambulance or any medical facility as camouflage to hide soldiers who are not wounded.

In addition to international law, the laws and military codes of all nations protect hospitals and medical personnel. This has been a basic part of international law since it was started in 1864. It is also a part of four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and was added to in 1977. Doctors, nurses and medical personnel have a duty to treat the sick and wounded in a war zone. Attacking them or the hospitals they work in is a crime on many levels.

International law protects medical personnel to make sure they are not subject to military interference. They must treat patients on their medical needs alone and may not be forced to give priority to treat one side or the other. Medical personnel cannot be punished for carrying out their medical activities no mater who the patient is. They may not violate doctor-patient confidentiality. All hospital personnel must remain neutral and ethical at all times and may not take sides in a war or dispute. Medical care units must collect all weapons at the entrance to the facility and store them until the patient is released.

If the territory or area that includes hospitals or mobile medical facilities is captured by enemy soldiers, medical personnel are not immune from being seized. The medical team as well as the patients (of either side) should be treated with respect. They must be allowed to perform their normal duties tending to the sick and wounded. In international conflicts, permanent medical personnel must be repatriated except for a short period of time when their services are needed to care for their patients. Permanent medical personnel are those who are assigned to a medical mission for the entire time of the conflict. Temporary personnel may be taken prisoner and their medical skills may be used during the time they are imprisoned. If a conflict is not international, then the above distinctions between permanent and temporary medical personnel are not made. But in no case may medical personnel be punished for caring for sick and wounded enemy soldiers.


Anarkali Salwar Suit

An Anarkali Shalwar suit is a form of women's dress. The anarkali suit is made up of a long, frock-style top and features a slim fitted bottom. It is mostly worn by women in Pakistan and other countries in South Asia such as India and Bangladesh. The anarkali suit varies in many different lengths and embroideries including floor length anarkali styles. 

Anarkali suits owe their name to the fictional Anarkali, a courtesan in the court of Mughal emperor Akbar who was legendarily murdered for her illicit relationship with the Crown Prince Salim.

Anarkali Suits is similar to Gowns as it is same vice versa with Length of Suits. Only Difference in Anarkali suits and Gowns comes with Dupatta and salwar rest all are same. Anarkali Suits are very much Popuar nowadays in India among village side girls. It is most beautiful and daily wear dress in general use.

China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303

China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303 was a flight from Xianyang Airport, in Xianyang to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former). The aircraft used was a Tupolev Tu-154M. On June 6, 1994 the aircraft crashed into a field due to mechanical flaw in Xi'an. All 160 people were killed in China's worst air disaster.

Arrondissement of Le Blanc

The arrondissement of Le Blanc is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Le Blanc.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Le Blanc is the most western "arrondissement" of the Indre department; it covers parts of the west and southwest of the department. It is the second "arrondissement" of the department in area, after the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, with, but the one with the lowest population (31,821 inhabitants).

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of Néons-sur-Creuse, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Mouhet.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of La Châtre, to the south by the Creuse department, to the southwest by the Haute-Vienne department and to the west by the Vienne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc:

The "arrondissement" of Le Blanc has 57 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Châteauroux

The arrondissement of Châteauroux is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Châteauroux.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châteauroux is a central "arrondissement" in the Indre department. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area with , and in population (126,428 inhabitants).

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of La Vernelle, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Chavin.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Issoudun, to the southeast and south by the "arrondissement" of La Châtre, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc and to the northwest by the Indre-et-Loire department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Châteauroux has 86 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Law of Azerbaijan

The law of Azerbaijan is made up of many levels of codified forms of law. The laws of Azerbaijan are based on civil law. As the country was a republic of the Soviet Union until 1991, its laws have also been influenced heavily by socialist law. Today Azerbaijani law is heavily based on the laws Germany, France and Italy which also use civil law.

The current Criminal Code of Azerbaijan came into force in September 2000, replacing the older Criminal Code of 1960 which was based on Soviet law. The current Azerbaijani criminal law is based on the criminal laws of Germany, France and Italy.

Unlike common law systems such as the United States and the United Kingdom, Azerbaijani courts do not rely on case law and judicial precedent and there are no unwritten laws in Azerbaijani law. Except for decisions of the Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan, decisions of the courts are not usually counted as a source of law. The sources of law in the Azerbaijani legal system are:

The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan as the highest court of the country, makes the most important and final decisions on civil, criminal and other cases. It is the court of last resort and it has more power than all other courts. Decisions of lower courts can be cancelled here. The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan has the power to interpret and apply the Constitution of Azerbaijan, especially if laws violate the constitution.


Arrondissement of La Châtre

The arrondissement of La Châtre is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of La Châtre.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of La Châtre is in the southeast of the Indre department. It has an area of and a population of 32,962 inhabitants.

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of Ceaulmont, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Crevant.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Issoudun, to the east by the Cher departmen, to the south by the Creuse department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of La Châtre has 51 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


British Motor Corporation

In September 1965, BMC took control of its major suppliers (of bodies), Pressed Steel, acquiring Jaguar's body supplier in the process.

In September 1966, BMC merged with Jaguar Cars Limited.
On 14 December 1966, BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings Limited or BMH.

BMH merged in May 1968 with Leyland Motor Corporation Limited, which made trucks and buses and were owners of Standard-Triumph International Limited, BMH becoming the major part of British Leyland Motor Corporation.

Arrondissement of Issoudun

The arrondissement of Issoudun is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Issoudun.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Issoudun was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Issoudun was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Issoudun is in the northeast of the Indre department. It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, with , but the second in population, with 34,964 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the Cher department, to the south by the arrondissement of Arrondissement of La Châtre and to west the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Issoudun has 49 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Jonas Savimbi

Jonas Malheiro Savimbi was an Angolan political and military leader. He founded and led the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA).

In 2002 UNITA lost the Angolan Civil War to the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).

Babrak Karmal

Babrak Karmal was an Afghan politician. Karmal was made President of Afghanistan by the Soviet Union at the beginning of the Soviet–Afghan War.

Under Mikhail Gorbachev, the Soviet Union deposed Karmal and replaced him with Mohammad Najibullah. Following his loss of power, Karmal was exiled to Moscow.

Truyère

The Truyère () is a river in southwestern France. It is the main tributary of the Lot river.

The Truyère river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 69.5 cubic metres per second at Entraygues-sur-Truyèret.

The Truyère starts in the Margeride mountains, south-western Massif Central, north of Mende, in the "commune" of La Villedieu (Lozère department), at an altitude of about .

The Truyère flows to the west, in general, and passes through 2 regions, 3 departments and 44 "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a right tributary, into the Lot river, in Entraygues-sur-Truyèret, in the Aveyron department, at of altitude.

The Garabit Viaduct is a bridge over the Truyère near Ruynes-en-Margeride that was built by Gustave Eiffel.

There are several dams over the river to produce hydroelectricity.

The main tributaries of the Truyère river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Military terminology

Military terminology is the words and acronyms used by military organization and members of various militaries. Military terms may have the same spelling as common words but mean something very different. Common terms may also differ between militaries of English-speaking countries. They also differ in their use of abbreviations. For example, British and American abbreviations for the same thing may be very different. Military terms can also be specific to one branch of a nation's military or to a specific war or period of time.

Some terms are intentionally intended to obscure, disguise, distort, or otherwise change the meaning of words. This is called "doublespeak". For example, the United States reduction of troop strength in Afghanistan is called by American troops "the retrograde." This is from an old military euphemism meaning to retreat (no military likes to admit it retreats). Some phrases are so strange that nobody outside the military understands them. "15 minutes prior to 15 minutes prior" refers to military people being told to show up 15 minutes early for everything. So when a commanding officer says there will be a meeting at "06:00" (6:00 a.m. on the 24-hour clock), it means to show up at 05:45. When junior officers repeat the order to the sergeant, to him it means 05:30, and so on. By the time it filters down to the lowest ranking soldier, it can mean be there by midnight.

To listen to military people talking, everything seems to be in acronyms. For instance, "I was on the FOB when the IDF hit, so I radioed the TOC" (I was on the Forward Operating Base when the Ineffective Direct Fire hit, so I radioed the Tactical Operations center). Military people seem to love using acronyms which is probably why there are so many of them. New recruits, military families and even seasoned veterans are expected to know most if not all the current acronyms.

To say letters out loud, over the phone or when it might be unclear what letter is being pronounced a phonic alphabet is used. On ships, a navy would use flags for different letters of the alphabet. The NATO phonetic alphabet (with flags) is:

This is used often in military acronyms. For example, Bravo Zulu means "well done", a compliment. It was taken from naval signal manuals meaning the same thing. However, if someone were to say "B Z" nobody would understand. if someone used the term Whisky Tango Foxtrot it means "what the fuck?" Posed as a question or used as an interjection, it is at least a little more polite than saying the words.


Many armed forces have developed elaborate sets of symbols that act like a written language to describe units, activities, and missions. These symbols can be placed on maps to indicate locations, used in drawings to show military organization structures, or even painted on vehicles to indicate roles.

Today, many nations use the military symbology standardized by NATO and evolved from the symbols used by the US Army during the Second World War. Other nations may use military symbology from the former Warsaw Pact or systems that they created themselves.


Célé

The Célé is a river in southern France. It is a right tributary of the Lot river; it is the second largest tributary of the Lot, after the Truyère.

Several communes have the name of the river in their names:Bagnac-sur-Célé, Marcilhac-sur-Célé, Sauliac-sur-Célé.

The Célé river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 17.90 cubic metres per second at Orniac.

The Célé starts in the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Calvinet (Cantal department), at an altitude of about .

The Célé flows to the west, in general, and passes through 2 regions, 2 departments and 26 "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a right tributary, into the Lot river, in Bouziès, in the Lot department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Célé river are (only right tributaries because the left tributaries are small Streams):

Right tributaries:



Patty Judge

Patty Judge (born November 2, 1943) is an American nurse and politician. She was the 46th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. She was also previously the Secretary of Agriculture for Iowa. In 2010, she ran for re-election, though was not successful. She had been elected to the office with the Governor Chet Culver.

In March 2016, she announced her run for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate. She won the primary on June 7. She lost the general election to the incumbent Chuck Grassley.

Judge was born in Fort Madison, Iowa.

Suntec City

Suntec City is a major multi-use development in Marina Centre, a subzone of the Downtown Core in Singapore. Construction began on 18 January 1992 (with earthworks) followed by full completion and opening on 22 July 1997. It had Suntec Convention Centre, the five towers and a shopping mall. Suntec City was renovated between 2012 and 2015.


Esplanade MRT station

Esplanade MRT Station (CC3) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Downtown Core, Singapore, at the junction of Bras Basah Road, Raffles Boulevard and Nicoll Highway. The station was opened on 17 April 2010 along with the rest of Stages 1 & 2 of the Circle Line. It is located next to the War Memorial Park, the Suntec City Mall and the Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre. The station also has a link to Raffles City, CityLink Mall, Suntec City Mall and Marina Square.

There is a link from Esplanade station to City Hall station via the underground shopping centre CityLink Mall or basement 2 of Raffles City shopping mall. iExperience Gallery is also located here.

Prior to the opening of the station, names like Suntec, Suntec West, War Memorial and Memorial Park were used.

City Hall MRT station

City Hall MRT station (NS25/EW13) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station in Singapore, that has received very high passenger number all the while. It is named after the national monument - City Hall before National Gallery took over in 2015. It provides cross platform interchange between the two lines.

It is located in the Civic District in the Downtown Core, which is within the Central Area, the city centre of Singapore. It is situated underground, beneath the junction of Stamford Road and North Bridge Road, and is thus east of the Singapore River. The commercial district of Raffles Place and its respective station is located across the Singapore River.

Before this station was built, it was called St Andrew's. It was renamed to City Hall in 1984.

On December 10, 1985, a foreman died at City Hall MRT station.

This station was part of the series of 2011 MRT train disruptions on 15 and 17 December 2011. The disruption was caused by a misalignment between the trains' current collector shoes and the third rail. The disruption was one of Singapore's two largest MRT disruptions at the time of occurrence.

A power failure and blackout occurred at the station on 6 July 2012 at about 1.30 pm, causing the platforms for north and west-bound trains to turn pitch black. Emergency lighting was turned on immediately after the incident occurred. However, train services were not affected by the incident. Lighting was progressively restored from 2 pm, and was back to normal at 3.15 pm. All escalators have also been turned on. SMRT has apologised for any inconvenience caused.


Raffles Place MRT station

Raffles Place MRT station (EW14/NS26) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line and the East West Line in Downtown Core, Singapore. It is directly underneath the centre of the financial area of Raffles Place, located in the Downtown Core area, south of the Singapore River. It is one of the more prominent and busier stations within Singapore's transport system during peak hours, especially being an interchange station located within the Central Area. The station has many entrances/exits, the two main ones facing the Raffles Gardens, with the building being a miniature facade of the historic John Little building, just before the Telok Ayer and Downtown MRT Station came on board.

This station used to be the largest and deepest MRT station in Singapore, but the record was broken by Dhoby Ghaut in 2003 and then by Bras Basah in 2010, then by Promenade in 2013 which is 43 metres below ground. It is also one of the four MRT stations to appear in "Uniquely Singapore Edition" of the board game "Monopoly".

The station is the only MRT station to ever participate in three terrorist exercises, which are Exercise Northstar IV on January 11, 2004, Exercise Northstar V, when it was one of four stations which participated in the exercise on January 8, 2006, as well as Exercise Northstar VII on July 7, 2009 together with Sentosa and VivoCity. At Raffles Place, most southbound trains will then terminate at Marina Bay while few others at Marina South Pier.


Marina Bay MRT station

Marina Bay MRT station (NS27/CE2/TE20) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line and Circle Line, located on the boundary of Downtown Core and Straits View planning areas in Singapore. The station is designed by Aedas. 

It was the southern terminus of the North South Line until late November 2014. However, most trains terminate at Marina Bay instead of Marina South Pier possibly due to the low passenger demand at Marina South Pier. Passengers who are going to Marina South Pier should observe the television screens on the station platforms and listen to announcements which will notify commuters when a train that is terminating at Marina South Pier arrives. Circle Line trains that begin from here terminate at Stadium MRT station, with a few trains terminating at HarbourFront MRT station during peak hours. When the Thomson-East Coast MRT Line opened, it became 3-line interchange.

Marina Bay is mainly used as an interchange station as there are very little buildings nearby.

It is possible to walk 500 meters to Downtown MRT station from Exit B of the station.


Bishan MRT station

Bishan MRT station (NS17/CC15) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station along the North South Line and Circle Line in Bishan, Singapore. It was one of the original five stations on the North South Line. It also serves the Circle Line which opened on 8 October 2017.

The north south line platforms are one of the few on the MRT that has split side platforms. This station is also only one of four to have faregates on the same level as the platforms, with the others being Expo, Changi Airport and Stevens


Nicoll Highway MRT station

Nicoll Highway MRT Station is an MRT station in Singapore, and it was only there when the Nicoll Highway collapse on 17 April 2004.

Stadium MRT station

Stadium MRT Station is a MRT station in Singapore, that connects to the Singapore Sports Hub and Kallang Wave.

Singapore Armed Forces

The Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) is the military arm of the Total Defence of the Republic of Singapore; as well as the military component of the Ministry of Defence.

The SAF has three services: the Singapore Army, the Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) and the Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN). The SAF protects the interests, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Singapore from external threats.

The SAF relies heavily on a large pool of conscripts in the active and reserve forces. It has an active strength of around 71,600 personnel and is capable of mobilising over 900,000 reservists. National Servicemen (NSmen) make up more than 80% of its military defence system and form the backbone of the SAF.

SAF uses the SAR-21 rifle.

Wiler bei Utzenstorf

Wiler bei Utzenstorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ebikon

Ebikon (Swiss German: "Äbike") is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Gapik

Qapik (or gapik, from ) is a monetary unit of Azerbaijan, equal to 1/100 of the Azerbaijani manat. The 2006 currency denomination of the Azerbaijani manat introduced 1, 3, 5, 10, 20 and 50 qapik into circulation.

The 1, 3 and 5 qapik are made of copper-covered steel. The 10 and 20 qapik are made of brass-covered steel, the 50 qapik are in two colors.

The word "qapik" comes from the Russian word "kopek" which means spear, and which was a currency since the time of Ivan the Terrible in the 16th century and is now the monetary unit of the Russian ruble, Ukrainian hryvnia and Belarusian ruble.


History of baseball in the United States

The history of baseball in the United States can be traced to the 19th century. This is when amateurs played a baseball-like game by their own informal rules using equipment they made themselves. The popularity of the sport inspired the semi-pro national baseball clubs in the 1860s.

The earliest known mention of baseball in the United States was a 1791 Pittsfield, Massachusetts, law banning the playing of the game within of the town meeting house. In 1903, the British sportswriter Henry Chadwick wrote an article saying that baseball came from a British game called rounders. A game which Chadwick had played as a boy in England. But baseball executive Albert Spalding disagreed. Baseball, said Spalding, was basically an American sport and began in America. To decide they agreed to let Abraham G. Mills settle the question by heading a commission. After three years they found that Abner Doubleday had invented the national pastime.

In 2004, baseball historian John Thorn discovered the 1791 town ordinance, putting Pittsfield's connection to baseball 48 years before Abner Doubleday accepted invention of the game in 1839 in Cooperstown, New York. This is where the National Baseball Hall of Fame now stands. The Hall of Fame recognized the ordinance as the first known reference to the game and honored the town with a plaque. Another early reference reports that "base ball" was regularly played on Saturdays in 1823 just outside of New York City in an area that today is Greenwich Village.

Baseball started out being a game children played. Baseball's rise in popularity d with professional gamblers noticing the game. Those who ran gambling games thought adults would be more interested if they could bet on who would win. This would also add profits for gambling halls. Very soon gamblers were paying players to lose intentionally (called "throwing" a game) for a percentage of the profits. Players, fans and probably even umpires, all gambled on every part of a game. This is how most players made any money playing baseball.

The 1919 Black Sox Scandal took place during the 1919 World Series. The Chicago White Sox lost the series to the Cincinnati Reds. Eight White Sox players were later accused of intentionally losing the games in exchange for money from gamblers. The players were found not guilty in court but were still banned for life from baseball. But game-fixing dates dates back to 1865. That was the first scandal where three players were banned from playing again.

Blackmail (disambiguation)

Blackmail is the act of threatening to reveal information about a person or group unless a specific demand is met.
Emotional blackmail is a form of psychological manipulation.

Blackmail may also refer to:


List of Pashto-language movies

This is a list of Pashto-language movies.


Qom

Qom is the second religious city of Iran and one of the bases of Shi'ism. The city dates back to before the rise of Islam. The city was conquered by Muslims in 23/644-645 but the people of Qom converted to Islam with the immigration of Ash'ariyyun in 85/704-705, the beginning of the development of Qom as a Shi'a city was from that time.

Immigration of Lady Fatima al-Ma'suma (a) to Qom and his shrine in the city, and after that, immigration of other Imam's descendants and Sayyids, made the city the base of Shi'ism in Iran. Foundation of Qom seminary added to the Shi'a fame of the city.

Today, the city is the greatest base of Shi'ism from which the Shi'a knowledge is promoted to the world.

Wileroltigen

Wileroltigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sensory deprivation

Sensory deprivation makes it impossible for a person to use one or more of their senses. Sensory deprivation devices can be simple, like blindfolds or hoods, which make it impossible to see. More complicated sensory deprivation devices can cut off a person's sense of smell, touch, taste, thermoception (ability to sense heat), and their sense of gravity.

Sensory deprivation can be used in good or bad ways. If a person chooses to go through sensory deprivation for a short time, they may feel relaxed, and it may be easier for them to meditate. However, if a person is forced to go through sensory deprivation, or the deprivation lasts for a long time, it can cause hallucinations, very bad anxiety, strange thoughts, and depression.

Some countries in NATO have used sensory deprivation techniques on prisoners because these techniques do not qualify as torture under international laws.

Restricted environmental stimulation therapy (REST) uses sensory deprivation to help a person relax and treat problems like pain. The sensory deprivation sessions are short, and the person can choose to stop the session at any time. There are two basic kinds of REST.

In Chamber REST, a person lies on a bed in a completely dark, sound-proof room for up to 24 hours. They have food, drink, and a toilet in the room with them. They can choose to leave the room at any time. However, fewer than 10% of people who go through Chamber REST actually leave the room before 24 hours.

Flotation REST uses a tank or pool filled with warm water and Epsom salts. The Epsom salts make the water so dense that a person floats in the tank like they do not weigh anything. People usually stay in a flotation tank (also called an isolation tank for about an hour. Less than 5% of people leave the flotation tank before the hour has passed.

Researchers in the United States and Sweden have found that flotation REST decreases pain and stress. Flotation REST also makes some people feel more creative, helps them solve problems more easily, and lowers their blood pressure.

Researchers have studied REST as a treatment for alcoholism, cigarette smoking, and the use of other drugs.

Studies that lasted from one to five years showed that 25% of smokers who used REST were able to stop smoking. If smokers also used other ways to stop smoking along with REST (like changing their behaviors), 50% were able to stop smoking. When smokers used REST and went to weekly support groups, 80% were able to stop smoking. (To compare, only 5% of smokers who use only a nicotine patch are able to stop smoking.)

Alcoholics who got two hours of REST, along with anti-alcohol educational messages, drank 56% less alcohol - less than half than they were drinking before - within two weeks. Three and six months after the first treatment, these alcoholics were still drinking 56% less alcohol than they did before REST.

The University of Arizona studied the use of chamber REST to treat substance abuse. They treated one group of people with both REST and regular substance abuse treatment. 43% of these people stopped using drugs and were still drug-free after four years. They treated another group with regular substance abuse treatment, but no REST. None of these people were still drug-free after eight months.

Security forces in Northern Ireland used sensory deprivation on prisoners in the early 1970s. They used "the five techniques" of sensory deprivation on prisoners they suspected of belonging to paramilitary organizations:

In 1972, the United Kingdom formally stopped using these techniques to interrogate prisoners.

In 1976, the Irish government sued the United Kingdom in the European Commission on Human Rights (Ireland v. United Kingdom, 1976 Y.B. Eur. Conv. on Hum. Rts. 512, 748, 788-94 (European Commission of Human Rights)). Ireland argued that the "five techniques" were torture. The Commission agreed, and said that if the five techniques were used together, they ""amount to torture"". However, this decision was reversed on appeal.

In 1978, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) looked at the United Nations' definition of torture. They decided that the five techniques ""did not [cause] suffering of the particular intensity and cruelty implied by the word torture"". However, they also said the five techniques were ""a practice of inhuman and degrading treatment"", which is not allowed under the European Convention on Human Rights, article 3.

Willadingen

Willadingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wimmis

Wimmis is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lanyard

A lanyard is a cord or strap. It is made to help the wearer keep and use some basic items of equipment, especially small items. It is usually worn around the neck with an ID card or keys. 

Lanyards were first introduced in the 15th century. In the military, lanyards are worn on the shoulders of uniforms to denote the wearer's qualification or regimental affiliation.


Controlled flight into terrain

A controlled flight into terrain (CFIT, usually pronounced "cee-fit") is an accident in which an airworthy aircraft, under pilot control, is unintentionally flown into the ground, a mountain, a body of water or an obstacle. In a typical CFIT scenario, the crew is not aware of the situation until it is too late to stop it. The term was coined by engineers at Boeing in the late 1970s.

Accidents where the aircraft is out of control at the time of impact, because of mechanical failure or pilot error, are not considered CFIT (they are known as "uncontrolled flight into terrain"). Accidents resulting from the deliberate action of the person flying the aircraft, such as acts of terrorism or suicide by pilot.

According to Boeing, CFIT is a leading cause of airplane accidents involving the loss of life. It has caused over 9,000 deaths since the beginning of the commercial jet age. CFIT was identified as a cause of 25% of USAF Class A mishaps between 1993 and 2002.


Savio (river)

The Savio () is a river that starts in the Apennines mountain and flows to east into the Adriatic Sea. It is the longest river of the Romagna region.

The Savio river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) depends of the season: in the autumn could be as high as 1,000 cubic metres per second but is very low during summer. Most of the time, the discharge is about 6 cubic metres per second.

The Savio river starts, with the name of "Fosso Grosso", in the Mount Fumaiolo, a mountain in the Apennines, at an elevation of about , in the commune of Verghereto, in the border between Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna regions. At its source there is monument with symbols that represent the Romagna region and the Verghereto commune.

In "Montecoronaro", a "frazione" (an Italian subdivision of a municipality) of Verghereto, the river takes the name of "Savio". The river flows through the communes of Bagno di Romagna and San Piero in Bagno and, after a few kilometres, it forms an artificial reservoir, the "Lago di Quarto", where it is joined, on the right side, by its first important tributary, the stream "Para".

It flows through the communes of Sarsina, Mercato Saraceno and Cesena, all in the province of Forlì-Cesena. In "Botello" (a "frazione" of Cesena), it is joined on the left side by its main tributary, the stream "Botello". Then it goes into the province of Ravenna and flows through "Castiglione di Cervia" (commune of Cervia) and "Castiglione di Ravenna" (commune of Ravenna).

Finally, after 126 kilometres, it flows into the Adriatic Sea between Lido di Classe, a seaside resort, and Lido di Savio.

The tributaries of the Savio are all small streams; the main are the Botello, left tributary, and Para, coming from the right.



Alexander Dubček

Alexander Dubček was a Slovak politician. He was briefly leader of Czechoslovakia (1968–1969).

Dubček tried to change the communist government during the Prague Spring. He was made to quit after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. He became a politician again after the Velvet Revolution.

Walter Hallstein

Walter Hallstein (17 November 1901 – 29 March 1982) was a German academic, diplomat, and politician. He was the first president of the Commission of the European Economic Community. He was one of the founding fathers of the European Union.

Hallstein is also the person behind the Hallstein Doctrine, wich the former state of West Germany proclaimed in 1955. It meant that West Germany wouldn't have diplomatic relations with countries that recognized East Germany.

Todor Zhivkov

Todor Hristov Zhivkov ( ; 7 September 1911 – 5 August 1998) was the communist head of state of the People's Republic of Bulgaria (PRB) from March 4, 1954 until November 10, 1989.

Zhivkov was the longest-serving leader of any Eastern Bloc nation. He is one of the longest ruling non-royal leaders in history. 

Decisive victory

The term decisive victory refers to a military victory that decides a matter or a conflict. A decisive victory has to result in a positive outcome for the victor and create a condition of peace between the two warring states. By comparison, an inconclusive victory is one in which one side won, but the issues between them are not resolved. A desirable goal for all armies fighting conventional wars is a quick and decisive victory with few casualties. For example, in the Six-Day War that started on 5 June 1967, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) achieved a decisive victory over the combined armies of Egypt, Syria and Jordan. This established Israel as a regional power in the Middle East with about six years of peace. During the Cold War (1947-1991) the idea of a decisive victory (or any victory) seemed obsolete. Instead, the theory of limited war seemed more practical in the age of nuclear weapons as it would not escalate into a full-scale war that would result in mutual assured destruction.

In his book "On War" ("Vom Kriege"), Carl von Clausewitz stated a decisive victory “is to throw [an] opponent in order to make him incapable of further resistance. War is thus an act of force to compel our enemy to do our will.” He wrote that, to cripple an enemy, a general must find that enemy's "center of gravity". This is the core of what gives an enemy their power. It can be different for different wars and for different enemies, but it is often the enemy's army, people or economy. According to Clausewitz, a war can only end in a decisive victory or it will continue. Clausewitz also wrote: “There is only one decisive victory: the last.”

Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) also wrote about decisive victory. In his book "The Art of War", he wrote: “Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy but does not allow the enemy’s will to be imposed on him”. Later in the book he added: “And therefore those skilled in war bring the enemy to the field of battle, and are not brought by him”.

The Battle of Marathon was a decisive victory for the ancient Greeks over the Persians. It marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece.

The Battle of Hastings (14 October 1066) was a pitched battle between the Anglo-Saxon English and an invading Norman army. In the battle, the English King Harold Godwinson was killed by an arrow through his eye. The victor, William Duke of Normandy, was crowned as King William I of England 10 weeks later. The Norman conquest was a major turning point in England's history.

Another example of a decisive victory is the Battle of Yorktown (1781) fought at the end of the American Revolutionary War. The American and the French forces defeated the British Army, led by General Lord Charles Cornwallis. Cornwallis believed he could end the rebellion in The Carolinas and Georgia by setting up a fortress and naval base at Yorktown, Virginia. Seeing an opportunity to trap the British on the Virginia Peninsula, American General George Washington and French General Rochambeau marched their armies to Yorktown and established a siege. The French navy prevented the British fleet from reinforcing Cornwallis. A month later Cornwallis surrendered, effectively ending the war. 

The World War II Battle of Midway took place from June 4, 1942 to June 7, 1942. It was a decisive victory for the United States Navy over the Japanese Navy. It was the turning point in the war allowing the U.S. forces to go on the offensive against the Japanese. The Japanese fleet commander, Admiral Yamamoto Isoroku, chose to attack Midway Island to draw out the few remaining U.S. Aircraft carriers and ambush them. Unknown to the Japanese, the Americans had been able to decypher their coded messages. Reading the coded messages, they knew what the Japanese plan was. The result was the complete destruction of the Japanese carrier fleet (the Akagi, Kaga, Soryu, and Hiryu) with 322 aircraft and over five thousand sailors. The Americans lost 147 aircraft and about three hundred sailors. While the battle did not directly end the war, it crippled Japanese sea power and ended the Japanese capability to stop the Americans and their allies.



Blek le Rat

Blek le Rat is Xavier Prou. He was one of the first graffiti artists in Paris, and has been described as the "Father of stencil graffiti".

Xavier Prou was born on 15 November 1951 in Boulogne-Billancourt in the western suburbs of Paris.

Blek began his artwork in 1981, painting stencils of rats on the walls of Parisian streets. He described the rat as "the only free animal in the city", and one which "spreads the plague everywhere, just like street art". His name comes from the comic book "Blek le Roc", using "rat" as an anagram for "art".

Banksy

Murray Gell-Mann

Murray Gell-Mann (September 15, 1929 – May 24, 2019) was an American physicist who received the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the theory of elementary particles. He was the Robert Andrews Millikan Professor of Theoretical Physics Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology, a Distinguished Fellow and co-founder of the Santa Fe Institute, Professor in the Physics and Astronomy Department of the University of New Mexico, and the Presidential Professor of Physics and Medicine at the University of Southern California.

Gell-Mann has also worked at CERN, as a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow in 1972.

He was known for his study of particle physics, the smallest parts that make up the universe. These small particles behaved in ways that did not appear to follow the known laws of physics, and Gell-Mann came up with the idea of giving them a strangeness number which could allow them to be compared and put into categories. He also came up with idea that parts of an atom, the proton ad the neutron were made up of even smaller particles. He called the quarks, a nonsense work from James Joyce's book, "Finnigan's Wake".

Gell-Mann then developed the idea that quarks were held together inside the nucleus by a force he called "color", and this force could be given a quantum number. With Richard Feynman he discovered a weak interaction between sub-atomic particles. He researched string theory which could explain what makes up the smallest particles and forces.

Gell-Mann was an agnostic. Gell-Mann supported Barack Obama for the United States presidency in October 2008.

Gell-Mann died on May 24, 2019 at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico, aged 89.


Limited war

A limited war is a war carried out by a state that uses less than its total resources and has a goal of less than total defeat of the enemy. It is very often the high cost of war that makes limited war more practical than total war.

In a limited war, a state's total survival does not depend on the outcome of the war. For example, when Augustus sent his Roman legions to conquer Germania, the fate of the Roman Republic was not at stake. Since 1945, nuclear weapons have made limited war become the normal type of warfare.

The United States has a strategic position that has made since World War II find itself involved in a number of limited wars. The Korean, the Vietnam, the Gulf War, and the 2003 invasion of Iraq were all examples of limited wars.

The goal of at least one of the parties in a limited war is to maintain its freedom and to preserve itself. The strategy that is often used, especially against a much stronger enemy, is to draw out the fighting until the other side gets tired and finally decides to quit.

That worked for George Washington in the American Revolutionary War. Although the British Army was the strongest army in the world at the time, the war dragged out until the British got tired of the war draining its resources.

The Taliban and other Islamist groups today keep their wars going trying to wear out their enemies in the Western world.

Limited wars are rarely successful. From the time of the Roman Republic to modern times, limited warfare has usually not had the desired results. It also runs contrary to what military leaders are taught, which is to win at all costs. Those who make policy often choose the middle ground of limited war when faced with decisions between total war or do nothing at all. The only problem with doing nothing is the example of Adolf Hitler. While the world powers did nothing, he continued to invade weaker countries until finally a world war was all that could stop him.

The concept of limited war is not new. The military theorist Carl von Clausewitz (1780-1831) wrote about two kinds of war. One kind has its the goal being the total destruction of an enemy. When that is not possible, the other kind is limited war, often because one of the parties to the war does not have the capability of completely annihilating their enemy.

The Napoleonic Wars (1803-1815), World War I (1914-19) and World War II (1939-1945) are examples of total wars. Any war that is limited by geography, resources, or goals or is intentionally limited by the participants is a limited war.



Beatriz Montañez

Beatriz Montañez López (born 3 June 1977 in Almadén, Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish journalist and radio speaker.

She began working in the radio at Onda Mancha from Almadén (currently Cadena SER Almadén). Afterwards she went to the University of California where she got a degree in journalism. At same time, Montañez worked in several Spanish language radio stations in the U.S., Telemundo and Radio KLVE among others.

Back in Spain, she studied audiovisual communication and production at Instituto de RTVE and made a master via online at Harvard University.

In 2006 began to work in LaSexta's "El Intermedio" as anchorwoman and El Gran Wyoming as host.

In 2011 she left the programme being replaced by Sandra Sabatés.

In 2013 was hired by Tele 5 to present along Jordi González: "El gran debate". In March, 2014 hosted "Hable con ellas", an interview TV-magazine at the same channel until July.

On March 15, 2021, she publishes the book "Niadela", where she talks about how she decided to live a simple life alone in the mountains.

Gōjū-ryū

Gōjū-ryū is Japanese for "hard-soft style." It is one of the main traditional Okinawan styles of karate. Gōjū-ryū uses a combination of hard and soft techniques. Both principles, hard and soft, come from the famous martial arts book used by Okinawan masters during the 19th and 20th centuries, the "Bubishi" (). Gō, which means hard, refers to closed hand techniques or straight linear attacks. Jū, which means soft, refers to open hand techniques and circular movements. Gōjū-ryū uses both circular and linear movements. It combines hard striking attacks such as kicks. It also uses close hand punches with softer open hand circular techniques. These are used for attacking, blocking, and controlling the opponent. This includes locks, grappling, takedowns and throws.

Tirthankara

In Jainism, a tirthankara (Sanskrit "tīrthaṅkara") is an all knowing Teaching God who teaches the path to liberation from the cycle of births and deaths, called "saṃsāra". According to Jains, over time, Jain teachings are gradually forgotten. Then, a rare individual is born who at some point in his life renounces the world to conquer the "saṃsāra", the cycle of death and rebirth, on his own. After "Tirthankara" attains "Kevala Jnana" (omniscience) he refounds Jainism. Tirthankara provides a bridge for others to follow him from "saṃsāra" (worldy existence) to "moksha" (liberation).

According to Jains, exactly twenty-four "tirthankaras" grace this part of the universe in each half of the Jain time cycle. The first "tirthankara" was Rishabhanatha, who is said to have taught men various arts and professions including agriculture. The 24th and last "tirthankara" of present half-cycle was Mahavira (599-527 BC). His predecessor, Parshvanatha, the twenty-third "tirthankara "was an important historical figure.

The teachings "tirthankara" are compiled as scriptures called "Agamas". All "tirthankaras "teach same philosophy and ethics and their teachings do not contradict. While "tirthankaras" are worshiped by Jains, there grace is said to be available for all living beings, regardless of religious orientation.

"Tirthankaras" are called "Jina" (victor), which means one who has conquered inner enemies such as anger, attachment, pride and greed. They are entirely free of all passions, and personal likes and dislikes. After attaining omniscience, they are free from eighteen imperfections like hunger, thirst, sleep etc.

The word "tirthankara" signifies the founder of a "tirtha" which means a fordable passage across the sea of repeated births and deaths (called "saṃsāra").
"Tirthankaras" are also called "Teaching Gods", "Ford-Makers", "Crossing Makers" and "Makers of the River-Crossing.

The" tīrthaṅkara nama-karma", a special type of "karma "is mentioned in the Jain texts. Bondage of this karma raises a soul to the supreme status of a "Tīrthaṅkara". "Tattvartha Sutra", a major Jain text, list down sixteen observances which lead to the influx of this "karma"-

Five auspicious events called, "Pañca kalyāṇaka" happen in the life of every "tirthankara":

After attaining omniscience, a "tirthankara" preaches the path to liberation in the "samavasarana". According to Jain texts, the heavenly pavilion is erected by "devas" (heavenly beings) where "devas", humans and animals assemble to hear the "tirthankara". A "tirthankara's" speech is listened by all humans and animals in their own language. It is believed that during this speech, there is no unhappiness for miles around the site.

Jainism teaches that time has no beginning or end. It moves like the wheel of a cart. Jains divide the time cycle in two halves, "Utsarpiṇī" or ascending time cycle and "avasarpiṇī", the descending time cycle. 24 tirthankaras are born in each half of this cycle. In Jain tradition the "tirthankaras" were royal in their final lives, and Jain texts record details of their previous lives.  

Twenty-one of the "tirthankaras" are said to have attained "moksha" in the "kayotsarga" (standing meditation posture), while Rishabhanatha, Neminatha and Mahavira are said to have attained moksha in the "Padmasana" (lotus position).

In chronological order, the names, emblems and colours of the 24 "tirthankaras" of this age are mentioned below: "Dhanuṣa" means "bow" and "hatha" means "hands".


Palmiro Togliatti

Palmiro Togliatti was an Italian politician. He was leader of the Italian Communist Party from 1927 until his death. 

Togliatti began his political life in the Italian Socialist Party. After World War I he created the Communist Party of Italy with others. In 1926 Benito Mussolini outlawed the party. Togliatti became the leader in exile. In 1943, the name was changed to the Italian Communist Party. In 1944 Togliatti returned to Italy. He died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Crimea.

Keith Holyoake

Sir Keith Jacka Holyoake, (; 11 February 1904 – 8 December 1983) was the 26th Prime Minister of New Zealand. He served for a brief period in 1957 and then from 1960 to 1972. He was also the 13th Governor-General of New Zealand, serving from 1977 to 1980.

Holyoake was a Member of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council. He used the following Post-nominal letters:

Gaafar Nimeiry

Gaafar Muhammad an-Nimeiry was the President of Sudan from 1969 to 1985. His name is also spelled Jaafar Nimeiry, Gaafar Nimeiry or Ga'far Muhammad Numayri.

Nimeiry came to power after a military coup in 1969. In 1972 he signed the Addis Ababa Agreement, ending the First Sudanese Civil War. In 1983 he imposed Sharia law. This led to the Second Sudanese Civil War. He was removed from power in 1985. Nimeiry went into exile in Egypt.

Alikovsky District

Alikovsky District (; , "Elĕk rajonĕ") is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the northwestern central part of the republic and borders with Morgaushsky and Yadrinsky Districts in the north, Krasnoarmeysky District in the east, Vurnarsky and Shumerlinsky Districts in the south, and with Krasnochetaysky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Alikovo. Population: The population of Alikovo accounts for 14.5% of the district's total population.

The district was formed on October 1, 1927.

There is a construction plant in Alikovo.

The Cheboksary–Yadrin and the Cheboksary–Krasnye Chetay autoroute cross the territory of the district.

As of the 2002 Census, 98% of the population was Chuvash.

There is a middle school in Alikovo.

There is a museum, a people's theater, a folk band, a veteran's orchestra, a school's brass band, and a chorus. Regional Chuvash music festival "Vir'yal shevlisem" (lit. "Viryal's pancakes") takes place in May of each year.




Thirunallar

Thirunallar is a small town in the district of Karaikal, Puducherry Union territory, India. It is on the banks of Noolaaru River and Vanchiaaru River in the north and the banks of Arasalar River in the south.

Thirunallar is specially famous for the temple dedicated to Lord Shani, or Lord Saturn. The temple is named after him, Thirunallar Saniswaran temple. The main deity of the town is Lord Dharbharanyeshwarar, a form of Lord Shiva.

The temple of this town is the only temple dedicated to Lord Shani in the whole world. Whenever Lord Saturn passes from one zodiac sign to the other (Sani Peyarchi), millions of people comes to Thirunallar for worshiping the lord. The Nala theertham or Nalan kulam is the temple tank of this temple, which is said to be washing away all misfortunes caused by karma. That is why Lord Shani is renowned as "the dispenser of Karma".

Thirunallar is believed to be named for King Nala, the king of the country of Nishadha.


Tirumalairayanpattinam

Tirumalairayanpattinam is a census town in Karaikal district, Puducherry Union territory, India. This is also a religious town like the other main renowned towns in the Karaikal district. The town's name is often shortened to TR Pattinam. This town is on the banks of Thirumalairajanar River

TR Pattinam is named after a king like the town of Thirunallar. Tirumalairayanpattinam is named after King Thirumalai Raja, who ruled this town from 1453 to 1468. At his time both the river and the town was named after him. But later the name of the town changed to Tirumalairayan pattinam.


TR Pattinam has its own railway station under the control of the Indian Railways. It is also well connected with the port city and the district headquarters, Karaikal.

Germania

Germania was a Roman name originally given to a tribe of people who lived along the Rhine River. They were a Teutonic people, who were first mentioned in the 4th century BC. The Gauls changed it from a name for a people to the name for the territory. This was a vast forested wilderness to the north that Rome knew very little about. It ran from the west on the River "Rhenus" (Rhine) to the east and the Carpathian Mountains and the River Vistula. On the north it was bounded by the North Sea and on the south by the River Hister (Danube).

Germania was home to a very large number of Germanic and a few Celtic tribes. The northern parts of Germania were called "Germania Inferior". Some of the tribes known to live here were the Menapii, Batavi, Condrusi, Atuataci and Eburones. Close to the Roman fortifications on the east side of the Rhine lived the Frisii, Chauci, Istavones, Sicambri, Marsii, Cattii, and Ubii tribes. The Ubii were friendly with the Romans and provided cavalry as well as guarding the border for the Romans.

"Germania Superior", or southern Germania was home to the Triboci, Rauraci (Celtic), Nemetes, Caeroesi, Sequani (Gallic) and Helvetii (Gallic) tribes. To the east of the Rhine and along the Danube lived the Marvingii, Varisci (also called Nariscii), Burgundians, Hermunduri, Suebi and the Cherusci tribes.

During the Gallic War, Julius Caesar ended the Germanic control of Alsace by defeating Ariovistus. He built a bridge across the Rhine in 55 BC and entered Germania. He convinced the Suebi and other tribes not to interfere in Gaul, which was Roman territory. Other than venturing into Germania a second time in 53 BC and warring against several tribes, he left Germania alone. This established the Rhine as the boundary between Germania and Roman Gaul. 

The beginnings of the occupation of Germania by Rome was in 15 BC. The Foothills of the Alps were conquered during the reign of Augustus. This, together with the lands west of the Rhine conquered by Caesar became their foothold. The Romans attempted to bring under Roman rule the lands as far north as the River Elbe. In 7 AD Rome assumed Germania was under Roman rule when Publius Quinctilius Varus became governor of Roman occupied Germania. Since they were so powerful, the Romans did not expectt on any resistance from the German tribes.

In 9 AD Varus with three legions of top Roman troops, were moving up to a permanent base on the Rhine. There had been reports of a rebellion by local tribes which Varus intended to deal with. Varis was confident that it would be easy to occupy Germany. He was a good administrator but not a soldier. While marching through the Teutoburg Forest, three crack legions of Rome’s army were caught in an ambush. For three days up to 30.000 Roman soldiers, their families and slaves were killed by the peoples they called barbarians. The battle was Rome's greatest defeat.

Arminius, the German leader, understood both the strengths and weaknesses of the Roman army. He knew not to attack Roman legions in open battle. In the Teutoburg Forest he lured the 17th, 18th and 19th legions into an ambush. The battle was fought in several places during the encounter. Those who were not killed were taken captive. When Emperor Augustus heard the news he supposedly cried out "Quintilius Varus, give me back my legions!" The numbers XVII (17), XVIII (18) and XIX (19) were never again used as legion numbers. 

Germanicus was ordered to avenge the loss of the legions. In 14 AD he started the conquest of Germania again. However after two years he decided he had done enough to avenge Rome's great loss and returned to Rome. He left Germania to their own feuds. Arminius was murdered in 21 AD by relatives because of internal fighting.


Paraguarí Department

The Paraguarí department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Paraguarí. Its code is PY-09.

The territory of this department is in a valley formerly called "Yarigua'a" that was part of the mission of Jesuit priests during the colonization.

At the end of the 16th century, the Franciscan missionaries founded the city of Yaguarón with Guarani people. More towns were founded on which today form part of this department:

The department was created in 1935. In 1945, the old department of Quyyndy was made part of Paraguarí.

The Paraguarí department is in the southwest of the "Oriental" region. It is one of the smallest of the departments of Paraguay, with an area of . It has a population of 239,633 for a population density of .


The department is divided in 17 districts:



Oswald the Lucky Rabbit

Oswald the Lucky Rabbit is the first animal-based character made by Disney productions. In 1927, Universal Studios hired Disney studios to make him for "Alice Comedies". Universal Studios owned the character by law.

According to Disney, Universal Studios named him "Oswald" by picking the name out of a hat.

Oswald was called the lucky rabbit because of the idea of rabbits' feet being lucky. In his cartoons, Oswald would pull off his own foot, rub it for luck, and then put it back.

Oswald is drawn with big eyes, big ears and shorts like the ones Mickey Mouse wears Unlike Mickey, Oswald does not have buttons on his pants.

When Disney separated from Universal Studios, the artists there made a new character called Mickey Mouse. Meanwhile, Universal used Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in comics in 1935 and in animated programs until 1943.

Disney bought Oswald back in 2006. Disney put him in the video game "Epic Mickey" in 2010 for the Nintendo Wii

Ataxia

Ataxia is trouble with balance that is not caused by a person's muscles being weak. Instead, ataxia is caused by a neurological problem.

Ataxia is not a diagnosis. It is a neurological sign. It is a sign of damage to the parts of the nervous system that control balance.

There are three different types of ataxia. Each type has many possible causes.

Cerebellar ataxia is ataxia that is caused by a problem with a person's cerebellum. The cerebellum is the part of the brain that controls balance and coordination. It makes the body move smoothly and controls movements like walking.

People with cerebellar ataxia may have trouble with actions like these:

Sensory ataxia is caused by the loss of proprioception (knowing where parts of the body are). It is usually caused by damage to the parts of the spinal cord that carry information about proprioception to the brain. However, it can also be caused by damage to the parts of the brain that receive that information (the cerebellum, the thalamus, and the parietal lobes of the brain).

A person with sensory ataxia may have these symptoms:

Vestibular ataxia is caused by problems with the vestibular system. This is the body's main sensory system that controls balance and movement. It includes the inner ear.

Along with balance problems, people with vestibular ataxia may have:

There are many different causes of ataxia. The National Ataxia Foundation breaks up these causes into three categories: acquired, genetic, and idiopathic.

A person is not born with acquired ataxia. "Acquired" means that something happened during the person's life to cause the ataxia.

Causes of acquired ataxia can include:

Genetic ataxia is caused by hereditary disorders that damage the cerebellum or spine. People are born with these disorders. In most cases, they get worse over time.

"Idiopathic" means that doctors cannot find a cause for a person's ataxia.

Idiopathic ataxias often cause symptoms that come and go. Many doctors and scientists think these ataxias are caused by a combination of things inside the body (like gene problems) and things outside the body (like the things happening in a person's life). However, they are still researching the causes of idiopathic ataxias.

Ataxia can be treated. However, treatment usually does not make ataxia go away completely.

Some treatments for ataxia include: A review of the management of degenerative ataxia was published in 2009.

Some people with severe ataxia may need to use wheelchairs.


Fátima Bernardes

Fátima Bernardes (born September 17, 1962) is a Brazilian journalist and talk show host. She has worked at Rede Globo since 1987. In this television network she started to work in TV newscasts and became very famous. In 2011, she trended worldwide on Twitter after announcing her new professional phase as show host. Forbes has said Bernardes could become as popular as Oprah". 

San Felipe de Aconcagua Province

San Felipe de Aconcagua Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The city of San Felipe is the capital of the province.

The San Felipe de Aconcagua province has an area of , the third largest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Petorca and Los Andes provinces are more large.

San Felipe de Aconcagua is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the north by the Petorca province, on the east by Argentina and the Los Andes province, to the south by the Santiago Metropolitan region, and to the west by the Quillota province.

The main rivers of the province are the Aconcagua river and its right tributary, the Putaendo river.

 (last national census), there were 131,911 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is San Felipe, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 57,760 inhabitants. Other cities are Llaillay (16,215), Santa María (8,126) and Putaendo (7,214).

As a province, San Felipe de Aconcagua is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of San Felipe serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



1926 Miami hurricane

The 1926 Miami Hurricane (or the Great Miami Hurricane) was a very large and violent tropical cyclone. The hurricane caused a lot of damage in the Miami metropolitan area of southern Florida and in the Bahamas.

The storm caused $78.5 million in damage to the United States. Estimates from 2010 put the damage at $165 billion, meaning the storm surpasses Katrina as the costliest U.S. hurricane.

Between 372 and 540 deaths happened because of the hurricane.

Miami metropolitan area

The Miami metropolitan area is the metropolitan area including Miami and its nearby communities. As of 2020, there were more than six million inhabitants. This makes the Miami metropolitan area the most populous in Florida and the second-most populous in the Southeastern United States.

The Miami metropolitan area includes Miami-Dade County, Broward and Palm Beach counties in southeastern Florida. This area is also called the Gold Coast.

Cities in the Miami metropolitan area include Miami itself, Homestead, Hialeah and Miami Beach.

Valparai

Valparai is a town in the district of Coimbatore of Tamil Nadu. Valparai is 100 km away from the district headquarters Coimbatore. Areas in Valparai are mostly owned by private tea companies and large forest areas. It is a hill station, located 3500 feet(1100m) height above sea level on the Anaimalai Hills range of the Western Ghats.

Earliest records say that in 1846 Ramasamy Mudaliar started a coffee plantation here. Later in 1864, the Karnatic coffee company started a coffee plantation in this area. In 1890, W.Wintil and Nordan bought this area from the Madras State Government (present Tamil Nadu) under the British Raj. Mr.Wintil deforested the forest areas in Valparai to cultivate tea and coffee.

According to the 2011 census, Valparai has a population of 70,859 with sex ratio of 1013 per 1000 males and literacy rate 78.47%. 59.68% of the population consist of Scheduled Castes and 1.75% population of the Scheduled Tribes.

Yanam district

Yanam district is one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry.

Yanam is a small territory of just 20 km. It is in Andhra Pradesh. But Yanam district, Mahe district, Karaikal district and Puducherry district comes under Puducherry Union territory, as they were French colonies up to 1954.

Yanam is surrounded by the district of East Godavari of Andhra Pradesh. Yanam district consists of 7 revenue villages and a town. Yanam is a town as well as the district headquarters. The other villages are Agraharam, Darialatippa, Farampeta, Guerempeta, Kanakalapeta, Kurasampeta and Mettakur. The total population of the district is just 55,616, roughly equal to the population of Greenland.

Mahe district

Mahé district (Malayalam: മയ്യഴി ജില്ല, is one of the four districts of the union territory of Puducherry, India. It consists of the whole of the Mahé region.[1] Mahé is the smallest district of India by size. The total area of Mahé district is surrounded on three sides by Kannur District and one side by Kozhikode District. Geographically Mahé district is part of North Malabar region.

Mahe is surrounded on three sides by Kannur district and a side by Kozhikode district, as it is located in Kerala state. Puducherry union territory consists of four unconnected districts.

Mahe district has a very small area of just 8.69 sq.kms. The total population of the district is 41,934, roughly equal to Liechtenstein. The literacy rate of the district is 98.35%. The population density of Mahe district is 4659 inhabitants/1 square km and 12070 inhabitants/1 square miles.

Vice President of India

The Vice President of India is the second-highest constitutional official in India, after the President.

Jagdeep Dhankhar is the current Vice-President of India.He defeated opposing candidate Margaret Alva in 2022 Indian vice presidential election.

Article 63 of the Indian Constitution states that "there shall be a Vice-President". The person who holds the post of Vice-President acts as the President of India during the absence of the President due to resignation, death, impeachment and other reasons. The Vice President is also the Ex-officio Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha. The Vice-President is elected indirectly by members of an electoral college consisting of the members of both houses of the Parliament of India.

The salary for the Vice-President is 125,000 Rupees.

The present Vice President of India is Jagdeep Dhankhar since 2022.

Chalumeau

The chalumeau is the oldest form of the clarinet. It is the first true single reed instrument. The plural for chalumeau is chalumeaux. 

54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment

The 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. They were nicknamed the "Swamp Angels".

The regiment was one of the first official African-American units in the United States during the Civil War. Many African-Americans also had fought in the American Revolution and the War of 1812 on both sides.

In March 1863, after the Emancipation Proclamation, Massachusetts Governor John A. Andrew gave his approval for the creation of the 54th Riegiment. The regiment was commanded (led) by Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.

Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton had decided that white officers would be in charge of all "coloured" units. Andrew chose Robert Gould Shaw to be the regiment's colonel, and Norwood Penrose "Pen" Hallowell to be its lieutenant colonel. Many of the other officers in charge of the 54th Regiment were from abolitionist families. Governor Andrew chose several of them himself.

White abolitionists (including Shaw's parents) recruited the soldiers for the unit.

The 54th trained at Camp Meigs in Readville near Boston. While training, the unit got a lot of support from abolitionists in Massachusetts, including Ralph Waldo Emerson. Supporters also donated things like warm clothing items, battle flags, and $500 for a regimental band to be set up and trained.

Soon, more people were volunteering for the 54th than the regiment needed. Because of this, the medical exam that volunteers needed to pass to get into the 54th was very thorough. This meant that those who were accepted into the 54th were very strong and healthy. The Surgeon General of Massachusetts said about the 54th: "a more robust, strong and healthy set of men were never mustered into the service of the United States."

On December 23, 1862, Jefferson Davis, the president of the Confederate States of America, gave an order. This order said that if African-American soldiers or their white officers were captured while fighting for the Union, they would be put to death. In January 1863, the Confederate Congress made this order a law. This Confederate law said that if captured, both African-American soldiers and their white officers would be turned over to the states where the African-American soldiers had been slaves.

Even so, the 54th left Boston with high morale (they felt good about serving in the 54th). After finishing their training, the regiment officially began serving in the United States military on May 13, 1863. They left Boston on May 28, with many supporters cheering them on. When they arrived in Beaufort, South Carolina, local blacks and Northern abolitionists greeted them and celebrated their arrival.

In Beaufort, the 54th joined with the 2nd South Carolina Volunteers, a unit of ex-slaves from South Carolina led by James Montgomery. Montgomery led both units in a raid on the town of Darien, Georgia. The people who lived in the town had run away. Montgomery ordered the soldiers to loot and burn the empty town. Shaw argued against doing this, and made official complaints about his soldiers being ordered to burn and loot.

The 54th fought in its first battle on July 16, on James Island, South Carolina. They were able to stop a Confederate attack. 45 members of the 54th were killed during this fight.

The 54th became famous on July 18, 1863, when it led an attack on Fort Wagner near Charleston, South Carolina. 272 of the 600 men who charged Fort Wagner were "killed, wounded or captured." At this battle, Colonel Shaw was killed, along with 29 of his men. 24 more later died of wounds; 15 were captured; 52 were missing in action and never found; and 149 were hurt. In total, the 54th suffered 272 casualties during this battle. This was the highest number of casualties the 54th would ever see in a single battle during the war.

Union forces were not able to take and hold control of Fort Wagner. However, the 54th was widely celebrated for its courage during the battle. This helped encourage more African-American people to join the Union Army, and encouraged Army commanders to use them in battles. This was a very important step in the Civil War. Later, President Abraham Lincoln said it helped the Union win the Civil War.

After Colonel Shaw died, Edward Hallowell became a Colonel and started leading the 54th. Under his command, the 54th fought in the Battle of Olustee. Then they were ordered to march to a train station. A train carrying wounded Union soldiers had broken down, and the wounded soldiers were in danger of being captured. When the 54th arrived, the men attached ropes to the train pulled the train by hand about to Camp Finnegan. There, they picked up horses to help pull the train. After that, the soldiers and horses pulled the train to Jacksonville, Florida. In all, the 54th pulled the train for a total of . This took forty-two hours.

As part of an all-black brigade under Colonel Alfred S. Hartwell, the 54th unsuccessfully attacked entrenched Confederate militia at the November 1864 Battle of Honey Hill. In mid-April 1865, they fought at the Battle of Boykin's Mill, a small fight in South Carolina that was one of the last battles of the war.

When they joined the 54th, soldiers were promised that they would be paid the same as white soldiers: $13 a month (plus food and supplies). Instead, once they arrived in South Carolina, the 54th was told they would be paid only $7 a month ($10 with $3 taken out to pay for clothing. White soldiers did not pay for clothing at all.) Colonel Shaw and many others immediately began protesting this rule. The state of Massachusetts offered to make up the difference in pay. However, the entire regiment began to refuse to accept their pay on paydays as a form of protest.

Refusing their lower pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th. In fact, at the Battle of Olustee, when they were ordered to move forward to protect the other Union forces while they were retreating, the men moved forward shouting, "Massachusetts and Seven Dollars a Month!"

On June 16, 1864, the United States Congress passed a law that would give full, equal pay to any soldiers who had been free men as of April 19, 1861. Not all the soldiers qualified; some had still been slaves at this time. Colonel Hallowell, a Quaker, decided that because he did not believe in slavery, he could have all the soldiers swear that they were free men on April 19, 1861. Before being given their back pay, the entire regiment was given what became known as "the Quaker oath". Colonel Hallowell carefully wrote the oath to say: "You do solemnly swear that you owed no man unrequited labor unpaid work on or before the 19th day of April 1861. So help you God".

On September 28, 1864, the United States Congress took action to pay the men of the 54th. By this time, most of the men had served 18 months in the 54th.



Typhoon Meranti

Typhoon Meranti, also known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ferdie, was one of the strongest tropical cyclones on record. The storm struck the Philippines, Taiwan and mainland China. In terms of pressure, Meranti was the strongest typhoon since Typhoon Megi in 2010. It was also the strongest in terms of wind speeds since Typhoon Haiyan in 2013. Furthermore, it was the strongest tropical cyclone in 2016.

The storm caused more than $2.6 billion in damage. It led to more than 30 deaths.

San Felipe, Chile

San Felipe ( Spanish for "St. Philip") is a Chilean city; it is the capital and main city of the San Felipe de Aconcagua province, Valparaíso region.

San Felipe was founded on 3 August 1740 by José Antonio Manso, who conquered the Aconcagua Valley. The city was named, after the king Philip V of Spain (), as San Felipe el Real.

The commune of San Felipe is in the valley of the Aconcagua river and has an area of . It is north of the national capital of Santiago and at about to the west of the Aconcagua, the highest mountain of the Americas.

The commune is bordered on the north by the Putaendo commune, on the east by the Santa María commune, on the southeast by the Los Andes and Rinconada communes of the Los Andes province, on the south by the Panquehue commune, and on the west by the Catemu commune.
The city of San Felipe is along the Aconcagua river, the main river of the province and of the Valparaíso region, near the point where the river is joined by the Putaendo river.

 (last national census), there were 64,126 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of San Felipe has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 53,017 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Sanfelipeños" (women, "Sanfelipeñas").



Macmillan Cancer Support

Macmillan Cancer Support is one of the largest British charities. It provides health care, information and financial support to people affected by cancer. As well as helping with the medical needs of people affected by cancer, Macmillan also looks at the social, emotional and practical impact cancer can have. Macmillan campaigns for better cancer care. Macmillan Cancer Support's goal is to reach and improve the lives of everyone living with cancer in the UK. They are one of Britain's top 1,000 charities.

Conventional weapon

Conventional weapons are those weapons that are not weapons of mass destruction. They can include weapons such as armoured fighting vehicles, armed helicopters, combat aircraft, artillery and warships. They can also include (but are not limited to) small arms, ammunition, cluster munitions and land mines. There is no single definition of conventional weapons. But they are the main weapons used in modern conventional warfare.

The United Nations set up the UN Register of Conventional Arms (UNROCA) in 1991. UN member nations add details of their imports and exports of conventional weapons. There are seven categories of conventional weapons in the register.




Edward Gierek

Edward Gierek (; 6 January 1913 – 29 July 2001) was a Polish communist politician. 

Gierek is known for opening communist Poland to Western influence. He made economic changes. For a time these changes helped Poland's economy stabilize. He modernized industry and increased access to products. Later the 1973 oil crisis made prices increase. Poland had many foreign debts. There were several revolts because of the economy. The Polish people were unhappy with Gierek and he was removed from power.

Chiang Ching-kuo

Chiang Ching-kuo (27 April 1910 – 13 January 1988) was a Taiwanese politician. He held numerous posts in the government of the Republic of China (ROC).

Chiang Ching-kuo was the son of Chiang Kai-shek. He succeeded his father to serve as Premier of the Republic of China. He was the President of the Republic of China from 1978 until his death in 1988.

Aconcagua River

The Aconcagua River is a river that flows from east to west through the Valparaíso region in north central Chile and flows into the Pacific Ocean north of Valparaíso.

Although it has the same name, the Aconcagua river does not starts in the slopes of Aconcagua, which is in Argentina about from the beginning of the river, in Chilean territory.

The Aconcagua river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Aconcagua river starts on the Andes at an elevation of about , at the confluence of two rivers:

From its start, the river flows through the Aconcagua valley. Before the city of Los Andes, the river is joined, as a right tributary, by the "Colorado" river, long, and then, after the city of San Felipe, by the "Putaendo" river, also a right tributary with a length of .

The river keeps flowing to the west, running through the cities of La Calera and Quillota, in the Quillota province. Finally, the Aconcagua river flows in the Pacific Ocean at the city of Concón, in the Valparaíso province.

The main tributaries of the Aconcagua river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Andrei Gromyko

Andrei Andreyevich Gromyko was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War. He was responsible for many top decisions on Soviet foreign policy.


Luis Carrero Blanco

Luis Carrero Blanco, 1st Duke of Carrero Blanco, Grandee of Spain (4 March 1904 – 20 December 1973) was a Spanish admiral. He was a trusted associate of dictator Francisco Franco. He was assassinated by a member of ETA, a Basque group.

Lon Nol

Marshal Lon Nol (, also ; 13 November 1913 – 17 November 1985) was a Cambodian politician and military leader. He led a coup against Prince Norodom Sihanouk in 1970. Nol made himself President of the newly created Khmer Republic. 

The Khmer Rouge took leadership of Cambodia. Lon Nol fled from Cambodia to Indonesia and then to the United States.

Hu Yaobang

Hu Yaobang (20 November 1915 – 15 April 1989) was a Chinese politician and a high-ranking official of the People's Republic of China.

Hu Yaobang was a political ally of Deng Xiaoping. They fought together in the Chinese Civil War. Both were part of the communist force that took power of Sichuan in 1949. Hu became the leader of the Communist Youth League from 1952–1966.

During the Cultural Revolution, Hu Yaobang was said to not be true to the Communist Party of China and Mao Zedong. He was rehabilitated twice. He was an important supporter of Deng Xiaoping's rise to power.

Hu Yaobang's death in 1989 was a cause for the Tiananmen Square protests.

Gennady Yanayev

Gennady Ivanovich Yanayev (26 August 1937 – 24 September 2010) was a Soviet politician. He was the vice president of the Soviet Union. Yanayev served from 1990 to 1991.

Yanayev held several political positions. He served during the rules of Khrushchev, Brezhnev, Andropov and Chernenko. With the help of Mikhail Gorbachev, Yanayev was the last and only elected Vice President of the Soviet Union. He later served a President of the Soviet Union during the August Coup and led the to depose President Gorbachev. The ended after 3 days. Yanayev was arrested. In 1994 he was pardoned by the State Duma.


Tinnitus

Tinnitus is a symptom of hearing loss and other hearing problems. It is described as hearing sound in the head or ears that does not come from an outside source. Many people will hear ringing, buzzing, hissing or whistling sounds, but tinnitus can be other sounds such as roaring and humming as well. 

Different people will hear different sounds from tinnitus but how they hear it can also be different. Tinnitus can be loud or quiet and it can be continuous or occasional and some people will not notice their tinnitus but some people become very annoyed from it, especially when they feel tired or stressed.
There are many things that can cause people to get tinnitus. These are the main reasons:

People of different range of age can develop tinnitus. It is not a disorder but the symptom of some underlying health condition.

People with tinnitus may take part in yoga, exercise regularly, perform sound therapies or join a tinnitus community . Playing a faint background noise in the background also helps in keeping the phantom noise at bay.


Ernest Bevin

Ernest Bevin was a British statesman, trade union leader, and Labour politician. Bevin strongly opposed Communism. He helped in the creation of NATO.

Hellenistic period

The Hellenistic period in Ancient Greece (323–146 BC) was the time period between the death of Alexander the Great when the generals of Alexander created their own empires and the Roman conquest of mainland Greece. 

During this era: Greek culture, art and power expanded all over the Eastern Mediterranean (including Anatolia, Egypt, the Levant and the Balkans). Of all the Hellenistic empires that were established, the Seleucid Empire was the largest. The Ptolemaic dynasty in Egypt is the most famous and the longest lasting due to its famous Library of Alexandria and members like Cleopatra VII.

Frankfurt Universe

The Frankfurt Universe are a German American football team from Frankfurt, Hesse.

The club was formed in 2007. Previously Frankfurt had the NFL Europa team Frankfurt Galaxy. In late 2014 the club announced that it had purchased the rights for the Galaxy name. Once again they played under the name Frankfurt Galaxy. In the official 2015 table of the German Football League however the team is still listed as Frankfurt Universe. It was renamed again as Frankfurt Universe in 2016.

Starting in 2015 the team plays at Frankfurter Volksbank Stadion, home ground of association football team FSV Frankfurt.

The team won the GFL 2 south in 2015 with a perfect season. They earned a promotion to the GFL after the eighth placed GFL team, the Franken Knights, withdrew from the promotion/relegation round.

The team's honours:


Arrondissements of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence are:

Since its creation, the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Barcelonnette

The arrondissement of Barcelonnette is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Barcelonnette.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette is in the northeast of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the northeast by Italy, to the southeast by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Castellane and Digne-les-Baines "arrondissements" and to the west and north by the Hautes-Alpes department.

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (8,004 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There is only one canton in the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, with all its communes in the "arrondissement": the canton of Barcelonnette .

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette has 14 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Castellane

The arrondissement of Castellane is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Castellane.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Castellane was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but became again an "arrondissement" in 1952.

The "arrondissement" of Castellane is in eastern Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, to the east by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Var department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains.

The "arrondissement" of Castellane is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department, after the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, both in area, , and population (9,493 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There is only one canton in the "arrondissement" of Castellane, with all its communes in the "arrondissement": the canton of Castellane .

The "arrondissement" of Castellane has 41 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains

The arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Digne-les-Bains.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains is in the central part of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Castellane, to the south by the Var department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier.

The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (55,758 inhabitants), after the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, there are 6 cantons and 4 of them with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains has 46 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Conductive hearing loss

Conductive hearing loss is one of the main types of hearing loss. It happens when sound is blocked from going through the outer and middle ear into the inner ear and will only make noises sound less loud. 

Most of the time, conductive hearing loss can be treated but how it is treated depends on the causes and is different for everyone.




Arrondissement of Forcalquier

The arrondissement of Forcalquier is an arrondissement of France in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Forcalquier.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the north by the Hautes-Alpes department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, to the south and west by the Vaucluse department and to the northwest by the Drôme department.

The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, after the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, , but first in population (88,333 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier, there are 9 cantons and 7 of them with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier has 97 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Sensorineural hearing loss

Sensorineural hearing loss is the most common and one of the main types of hearing loss. It is also known as "nerve deafness". Unlike the other main type of hearing loss - conductive hearing loss - sensorineural hearing loss is permanent.

Not only does sensorineural hearing loss cause noise to sound quieter but also makes sound less clear. This makes listening when there is a lot of noise harder and also makes hearing other people talk harder.

There are two parts of the ear that can be damaged to cause sensorineural hearing loss, either the cochlea or the hearing nerve. They do not both have to be damaged to cause hearing loss and can be caused by a number of different things. 


Unlike conductive hearing loss, sensorineural hearing loss is permanent. There may be ways to cure it but these are very limited. There are however ways to treat it and make it better. 

Using hearing aids is the most popular way to treat this hearing loss. Hearing aids are not just able to make sound louder, which does not always help (because louder sound does not mean clearer sound) but can also reduce sounds that are not needed to hear other people talk while making speech louder. This is very helpful in making speech easier to understand. 


Helen Prejean

Helen Prejean (born April 21, 1939 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a Roman Catholic nun. She is a member of the Congregation of St. Joseph. She is a well-known activist against the death penalty in the United States.

Helen Prejean was born to Augusta Mae (née Bourg; 1911–1993), a nurse, and Louis Sebastian Prejean (1893–1974), a lawyer. She joined the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Medaille in 1957. In 1962, she received a Bachelor of Arts in English and Education from St. Mary’s Dominican College in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1973, she earned a Master of Arts in religious education from Saint Paul University in Ottawa, Canada.

She has worked as:

Prejean began to work with prisoners on death row in 1981, in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1982, a friend asked her to write to Elmo Patrick Sonnier, who was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death by electrocution. He was in prison in the Louisiana State Penitentiary. 

Prejean visited Sonnier in prison and agreed to be his spiritual adviser in the months leading up to his execution. Doing this made Prejean more aware of the process involved in executions. She began speaking out against the death penalty. At the same time, she also founded "Survive", an organization that counseled the families of victims of violence.

Since 1982, Prejean has ministered to many other inmates on death row, and has witnessed several more executions. She served as National Chairperson of the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty from 1993 to 1995.
Prejean wrote a book called "Dead Man Walking" about her relationship with Sonnier and other inmates on death row. The book was made into a feature film, an opera, and a play. In the film, Susan Sarandon played Prejean, and won an Academy Award for Best Actress.

In 1999, Prejean formed Moratorium 2000, a petition drive that eventually grew into a national education campaign, The Moratorium Campaign. The organization Witness to Innocence, a group of death row survivors who were convicted for crimes they did not commit, started under The Moratorium Campaign.

Prejean published her second book, "The Death of Innocents: An Eyewitness Account of Wrongful Executions", in December 2004. In this book, she tells the story of two men, Dobie Gillis Williams and Joseph O'Dell, whom she accompanied to their executions. She believes that both men were innocent. The book also examines the recent history of death penalty decisions by the Supreme Court of the United States and looks at the track record of George W. Bush as Governor of Texas.

In 1998, Prejean was given the Pacem in Terris Award. This award was named after a 1963 encyclical letter by Pope John XXIII that calls on all people of good will to make peace among all countries. "Pacem in terris" is Latin for "Peace on Earth."

Prejean now bases her work at the Death Penalty Discourse Network in New Orleans, and spends her time giving talks across the United States and around the world. She and her sister, Mary Ann Antrobus, have been deeply involved at a center in Nicaragua called Friends of Batahola.

Prejean has given commencement (graduation) addresses to more than 50 colleges and universities around the world.

She has also won other awards, including these:



Diosdado Macapagal

Diosdado Pangan Macapagal Sr. (September 28, 1910 – April 21, 1997) was the ninth President of the Philippines. He is known for changing the country's Independence Day from July 4 to June 12. June 12 is the day President Emilio Aguinaldo declared independence of the First Philippine Republic from the Spanish Empire in 1898.

He is the father of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, who was the fourteenth President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010.

Alain Poher

Alain Émile Louis Marie Poher was a French politician. He was president of the French Senate from 3 October 1968 to 1 October 1992. Because of this he was interim President of France twice.

Bishop, California

Bishop is a city in Inyo County, California in the United States. Bishop is the only city in Inyo County. Bishop is in the Owens Valley. It was named after Bishop Creek, which comes from the Sierra Nevada mountains nearby. Bishop Creek was named after Samuel Addison Bishop, who moved to the Owens Valley. Bishop had 3,819 people in 2020. It is at an elevation of 4,150 feet (1,260 meters) above sea level.

Noise-induced hearing loss

Noise induced hearing loss (NHL) is hearing loss caused by sounds that are too loud (high decibel level) and damage hearing cells in the ear. This can make noises sound quieter as well as make noise less clear, it can also cause other hearing related symptoms such as tinnitus. NHL is permanent and cannot usually be restored.

Most of the time, NHL happens after being around a lot of noise for long periods of time. Listening to loud music, city traffic or even things like a hair dryer for can damage hearing after a while. But NHL can also happen suddenly when close to an extremely loud sound. This can come from things like being close to an airplane or a gunshot.

Hearing is a very important sense. It can be hard to notice hearing loss, especially if it happens over time instead of suddenly. Even if it is hard for a person experiencing it to notice, it will still have a large effect on their life.

Not being able to hear a conversation when there is a lot of noise around is usually a good sign of hearing loss. Other people may sound like they are speaking softly or their speech may not be clear. Both of these can be signs of NHL. Similarly, having to ask people to repeat themselves and having to try very hard to hear people speak are also signs.

Apart from not being able to hear very well when talking to other people, there are other signs of NHL such as tinnitus as well as some other diseases and medication.

Since NHL causes permanent damage, knowing the signs and causes of it and preventing it early is the only way to keep hearing healthy. 

Although NHL is permanent and most of the time cannot be cured, there are ways to manage it.

The most common thing to do is use hearing aids. Hearing aids can help with hearing loss by making sound louder and speech clearer. They can also be customised by audiologists to suit almost any lifestyle and to suit the specific needs of different people.

North Jeolla Province

North Jeolla Province or Jeollabuk-do (전라북도; 全羅北道; Jeollabuk-do) is a province in the southwest of South Korea. The province was formed in 1896 from the north of Jeolla Province. Its provincial capital is Jeonju.

During the Three Kingdoms of Korea period, the province was the center of Mahan, and Mahan became part of Baekje, one of the three Kingdoms. In the Unified Silla period, the towns of Wansan-ju (now Jeonju) and Namwon-gyeong (now Namwon) were started in the province. When King Seongjong of Goryeo divided the whole country into 10 "do"s, Jeolla-do was called Gangnam-do. Later, in the Joseon Dynasty, it was finally called Jeolla-do.

Jeollabuk-do's area is 8,067 km² and it occupies 8.1% of South Korea.

The province contains 6 cities and 8 counties.


United Nations Secretariat

The United Nations Secretariat is the executive body of the United Nations. It has the primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security. The head of the Secretariat is the Secretary-General of the United Nations, who is appointed by the United Nations General Assembly.

Mohammad Hamid Ansari

Mohammad Hamid Ansari (born 1 April 1937) is an Indian politician. He was the 12th Vice-President of India from 2007 through 2017. He is the first Vice President of India to be re-elected after Dr.Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. Hamid Ansari serves as the president of the Indian Institute of Public Administration. He is also the Chancellor of Panjab University, Chandigarh.

Hamid Ansari was born in Calcutta(present Kolkata), West Bengal on 1 April 1937. He is the grand-nephew of former Congress president Mukthar Ahmad Ansari. Hamid started his career as Officer in Indian Foreign Service in 1961. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1984.

Cashtown, Pennsylvania

Cashtown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community was part of the Cashtown-McKnightstown CDP, until it was split into two separate CDPs for the 2010 census. As of 2020, the population of Cashtown was 453.

During the American Civil War, Cashtown was occupied by the Confederate States Army twice. Once in October 1862 when Confederate cavalry led by General J.E.B. Stuart occupied the town briefly. On June 28, 1863, General Robert E. Lee had invaded Pennsylvania a second time and was on his way to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state capital. When he received word that the Union Army of the Potomac was coming, he ordered his divisions to assemble at Cashtown. On June 30 Confederate General Henry Heth had his divisions at Cashtown and sent a division to nearby Gettysburg to forage for supplies. Without any reconnaissance to see what was ahead of them, the Confederates into a Union cavalry commanded by General John Buford. This started the Battle of Gettysburg.

Cashtown is northwest of Gettysburg in western Adams County. U.S. Route 30 bypasses the center of the community. It forms the northern edge of the CDP. Old U.S. 30, the original Lincoln Highway, is the main street of Cashtown. McKnightstown is to the east.


Camp Curtin

Camp Curtin was a military training camp in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, during the American Civil War. It was the largest Union Army training camp during the war. There was also a supply depot, hospital and prisoner-of-war camp.

The news of the attack on Fort Sumter reached Washington, D.C. on April 14, 1861. President Abraham Lincoln called for 75,000 militiamen to serve for 90 days. These men were needed to put down the rebellion of the Southern states. In meetings across the North people cheered the flag and called those who seceded "traitors"! Across the North, eager volunteers responded to calls from local governmental officials to join newly raised state regiments. Governor Andrew Curtin of Pennsylvania issued a proclamation asking for 13,000 able-bodied Pennsylvania men to volunteer to help preserve the Union. Within three days, thousands of men had come to Harrisburg to enlist. But they had no place to organize or drill. Governor Curtin decided to use the County Agricultural Society in Harrisburg. Major Joseph F. Knipe officially opened the camp on April 18, 1861, and named it Camp Curtin in honor of the governor (the planned name had been Camp Union). By the end of April, it had sent 25 regiments into the field. From December 1861 to March 1862, the camp was commanded by Major Truman Seymour. In June and July of 1863, General Robert E. Lee invaded Pennsylvania for a second time. His target was Harrisburg and Camp Curtin. However, before he could get there, an accidental meeting between Confederate and Union troops started the Battle of Gettysburg. After the battle Lee's army retreated back to Virginia.

Over 300,000 soldiers passed through Camp Curtin, making it the largest army training camp during the Civil War. Harrisburg's location on major railroad lines running east and west, and north and south. This made it a very good location for moving men and supplies to the armies in the field. In addition to the Regular Army and Pennsylvania regiments, troops from Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Wisconsin used Camp Curtin. The camp and surrounding area also saw service as a supply depot. There was a hospital as well as a Confederate prisoner-of-war camp. At the end of the war, Camp Curtin was used as a mustering-out point for thousands of troops on their way home. It was officially closed on November 11, 1865.



Aiguille de Chambeyron

Aiguille de Chambeyron is a French mountain near the border with Italy, just west of the main chain of the Alps that separates the basin of the Rhône river, to the west, and the basin of the Po river, to the east.

It is the highest peak in the Alps south of Monte Viso.

Aiguille de Chambeyron is in the northeast of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department (commune of Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye), Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeast France.

With an elevation of above sea level, it is the highest point of the department and of the historical region of Provence.

The mountain is in the "Chambeyron Massif" of the Cottian Alps. It has two summits, with the west one being the slightly higher.

On the north side of the mountain are 2 small and quite dead glaciers, filled with rocks: "Chauvet" Glacier and "Marinet" Glacier.

The lower part of the mountain is made of Triassic limestone but the highest part is made of Jurassic limestone (more solid).

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made by W.A.B. Coolidge, a mountain climber from United States, and Christian Almer and his son, from Switzerland, in 1879.

The more easy climbing route is by the south side of the mountain, from the Chambeyron Hut, a place where is possible to eat and with beds, at an altitude of .

The route to the Chambeyron Hut is, starting from the city of Barcelonette:

Barcelonette > Jausier > La Condamine-Châtelard > Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye » Fouillouse » Chambeyron Hut

It is possible to get to the hamlet of Fouillouse by car; here there is parking lot.


American Civil War Corps Badges

Corps badges in the American Civil War were originally worn by soldiers of the Union Army on the top of their army forage cap, left side of the hat, or over their left chest pocket. The idea was suggested by Major Geneneral Philip Kearny. During a battle he reprimanded officers that turned out to not be under his command. To prevent that from happening again, he ordered the men in his division to sew a square of red cloth on their hats. This idea was adopted by Major General Joseph Hooker after he assumed command of the Army of the Potomac. This was so any soldier could be identified at a distance.

Maj. Gen. Daniel Butterfield, Hooker's chief of staff, was assigned the task of designing a distinctive shape for each corps badge. Butterfield also decided that each division in the corps should have a variation of the corps badge in a different color. Division badges were colored as follows:
These were used in the United States' Army of the Potomac. These rules were adopted by other Union Armies, however it was not universal. For example, the XIII Corps never adopted a badge. Also, the XIX Corps had the first division wear a red badge, the second division wear a blue badge, and the third division wear white.

For Army corps that had more than three divisions, the standardization was lost:

The badges for enlisted men were cut from colored cloth. Officer's badges were privately made and of a higher quality. Metallic badges were often made by jewelers and were personalized for the user. The badges eventually became part of the Army regulations and a great source of regimental pride.

XIX XX XXI XXII XXIII XXIV XXV Cavalry corps

No badge was designated for the XIII Corps.

I Corps, Army of the Potomac



Jeh Johnson

Jeh Charles Johnson (born September 11, 1957) is an American civil and criminal trial lawyer. He was born in New York City. He was the United States Secretary of Homeland Security. He was the General Counsel of the Department of Defense from 2009 to 2012 during the first Obama Administration. He completed a Bachelor of Arts degree at Morehouse College (B.A.) and law at Columbia Law School (J.D.). he is the grandson of sociologist and Fisk University president Dr. Charles S. Johnson.

Johnson's first name is taken from a Liberian chief, who reportedly saved his grandfather’s life while he was on a League of Nations mission to Liberia in 1930.

Immigration Act of 1917

The Immigration Act of 1917 (also called the Literacy Act and the Asiatic Barred Zone Act) was a United States law to stop certain types of people from moving to the US to live. It was the first law to try and restrict immigration, rather than try to control it. People wanting to immigrate had to pass literacy tests. The law also created new categories of people who would not be allowed to immigrate. People from much of Asia were prevented from immigrating. 

The Immigration Act of 1924 made more restrictions. The laws stayed in place until changed by the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (the McCarran–Walter Act).

Durance

The Durance () is a river in southeastern France, a left tributary of the Rhône river. It is the longest river in Metropolitan France without a department named after it.

The Durance river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Saint-Paul-lès-Durance in the Bouches-du-Rhône department at an altitude of , for a period of 95 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Saint-Paul-lès-Durance
The Durance starts in the "pré de Gondran" ("meadow of Gondran"), on the east side of the "Sommet des Anges" mountain, in the "commune" of Montgenèvre (a ski resort near Briançon), Hautes-Alpes department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest through the departments of Hautes-Alpes, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, Vaucluse and Bouches-du-Rhône.

Finally, the river flows into the Rhône river, as a left tributary, south of the city of Avignon.

The Durance only flows through two departments: Hautes-Alpes and Alpes-de-Haute-Provence; it forms the border between two other departments but it does not flow through them: Vaucluse and Bouches-du-Rhône. It flows through the Var department only for a short distance.

It flows through the following communes, among others:

The main tributaries of the Durance river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Bhatgaon, Raipur

Bhatgaon is a town in the Sarangarh Bilaigarh district of Chhattisgarh, India.

The National Highway 130B passes through Bhatgaon. The nearest airport is Raipur Airport. The nearest railway station is at Champa.


Bhatgaon is a Nagar Panchayat city in district of Sarangarh Bilaigarh, Chhattisgarh. The Bhatgaon city is divided into 15 wards for which elections are held every 5 years. The Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat has population of 10,371 of which 5,131 are males while 5,240 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.Population of Children with age of 0-6 is 1356 which is 13.07% of total population of Bhatgaon (NP). In Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat, Female Sex Ratio is of 1021 against state average of 991. Moreover Child Sex Ratio in Bhatgaon is around 965 compared to Chhattisgarh state average of 969. Literacy rate of Bhatgaon city is 75.97% higher than state average of 70.28%. In Bhatgaon, Male literacy is around 86.80% while female literacy rate is 65.46%.Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat has total administration over 2,224 houses to which it supplies basic amenities like water and sewerage. It is also authorize to build roads within Nagar Panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.

Agender

Agender describes a person with no gender identity. It means that someone does not feel like they fall under any gender. "A-" is a prefix that means 'no' or 'none.' An agender person feels like as if they are neither a male nor a female. 

Agender is also referred to as "genderless", "genderqueer", or "ungendered". Some people who identify themselves as agender may also identify themselves as transgender. However, some don't, as some feel this implies that they identify as a gender other than their assigned gender at birth, and prefers to stick with "agender." Agender may be seen as a non-binary gender, or as a statement of not having a gender identity at all.

Some Agender people more also (but not necessarily) experience gender dysphoria if they are unable to express their identity as something they're comfortable with.

A majority of agender people prefer "they/them" as their pronouns, however, some agender people prefer unique pronouns such as "xe/xer" or "ze/zem", known as neopronouns, others can use conventional pronouns, such as he/him or she/her, or uncommon pronouns, such as /one's or it/its. Some agender people wish to change their bodies to feel more comfortable, while other don't and prefer to stick with the body they already have. 

Despite identifying as not having a gender, Agender individuals can still identify under any sexuality, and should not be confused with asexuality.


Omar Torrijos

Omar Efrain Torrijos Herrera (Feb 13, 1929 – July 31, 1981) was leader of Panama from 1968 to 1981, when he died in a plane crash. He is more commonly known as Omar Torrijos.

Torrijos was the Commander of the Military of Panama. Even though Panama had a President, Torrijos was the leader. He is best known for making a treaty to give Panama full control of the Panama Canal.

His son Martín Torrijos was elected president and served from 2004 to 2009.

Anatoly Dobrynin

Anatoly Fyodorovich Dobrynin was a Russian statesman and a Soviet diplomat. He was the Soviet Ambassador to the United States. He served during the Cuban Missile Crisis.

Dobrynin worked with 6 American presidents. He was well liked in the United States.


Enrico Berlinguer

Enrico Berlinguer (1922 - 1984) was an Italian politician. He was national secretary of the Italian Communist Party (PCI) from 1972 until his death.

Berlinguer was considered the most popular leader of the PCI. He is known for lessening the influence of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in Italy.

Berlinguer was an atheist.

Oosterscheldekering

Oosterscheldekering is a dam and storm surge barrier between the islands Schouwen-Duiveland and Noord-Beveland. It is the largest of the 13 ambitious Delta Works made to protect the Netherlands from flooding from the North Sea.


Shem And Eber Cave

Shem And Eber Cave (in Hebrew: Shem and Ever) is one of the sacred Jewish sites of Safed. the cave was sacred to the three monotheistic religions throughout history and located in the Old City of Safed. according to Jewish tradition in this cave - "Shem" the son of Noah and Eber was established a Beth midrash that Jacob was learning the Torah. 


Pasquotank County, North Carolina

Pasquotank County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,568. Its county seat is Elizabeth City. The county was originally created as Pasquotank Precinct and gained county status in 1739.

Pasquotank County is part of the Elizabeth City, NC Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk, VA-NC Combined Statistical Area.

Pasquotank is the birth county of Nikita Pavlunenko.

Ichirō Hatoyama

Ichirō Hatoyama was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan three times.

Nobusuke Kishi

Nobusuke Kishi was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan two times. Kishi was the grandfather of former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the current Japanese Minister of Defense Nobuo Kishi, and the father-in-law of former Japanese Foreign Minister Shintaro Abe.

Camden, North Carolina

Camden is an town in Camden County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of Camden County, a consolidated city-county. As of the 2020 census, the Camden had a population of 620.

Camden is located on the eastern banks of the Pasquotank River, across from which lies Elizabeth City. It currently has two traffic lights, and is centered at the intersection of U.S. Highway 158 and North Carolina Highway 343. It has five schools: Grandy Primary School, Camden Intermediate School, Camden Middle School, Camden County High, and CamTech High School.

Camden is part of the Elizabeth City, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The Camden County Courthouse, Camden County Jail, Lamb-Ferebee House, and Milford are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Camden is the original home city of Nikita Pavlunenko.

Hearing test

A hearing test is a check for a person's sense of hearing to measure what kind of sounds they can hear and if they have any hearing loss. There are many types of hearing tests used to understand different things about a person's hearing. Hearing tests are also different for adults and children as well. It is mainly audiologists that do hearing tests and they will know what kind of hearing test a patient needs.

Since hearing loss does not always only make sound quieter and may make sound less clear too, there are many different hearing tests to use to understand what kind of hearing loss a person has. 


Audiologist

An audiologist is a health professional in hearing and other auditory problems such as tinnitus and balance. 

The role of an audiologist is to diagnose and treat hearing problems, minimising the impact these problems have on the lives of their patients. Audiologists will provide help that is customised to each patient to help them be able to communicate with the world around them. 

In order to treat hearing problems, they must first be identified. Audiologists do tests and hearing checks on patients to measure and understand the type of help they will need. With the information they gain from these tests, audiologists can advise patients about their hearing health and recommend any treatment that they might need. If treatment such as hearing aids are needed for a patient, the audiologist will be able to help make the solution the best suited to the patient by customising the treatment depending on what the patient needs. This includes helping to find a suitable hearing aid, fitting it and programming it and maintaining it. This applies to other recommended treatment as well. 

Although treatment and help to lessen the effects of hearing problems are a main focus of an audiologist, they also have the role of educating and teaching patients as well as the public. How to prevent hearing loss as well as how to protect hearing are usually the main focus of what an audiologist teaches and may be done through presentations in schools, in workplaces and to the community. It is important for audiologists to educate the public about hearing loss and how important hearing health is as well as how audiologists are able to help. Audiologists treat all ages and types of hearing loss. 

The hearing services of an audiologist are used in many different settings but most work in health care. In health care, they are focused on the main role of an audiologist which is providing hearing health care services including testing for hearing loss and recommending treatment. Many audiologists can be found working with patients in hospitals, medical centers, private practices and in nursing homes. 

Another workplace for audiologists is in education, which is another important role that they perform. They may be working in schools, in universities or even day care centers in order to educate students about hearing loss and prevention. These professionals understand the effect that hearing loss can have on a student's learning and can work with schools to recommend strategies to help build a more supportive environment for students. While they may be more focused on education, these audiologists are still also able to do hearing tests and checks on students and help them find the best solutions for their hearing problems. 

Other workplaces for an audiologist include work with the government and work in research. 


Safed Old Jewish Cemetery

The Safed Old Jewish Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Israel. The cemetery has been used for hundreds of years as a burial place, including important people and important Jewish religious leaders. The cemetery is located along the western slope of Safed on the slope of Mount Canaan near the Amud River.

The New Safed Cemetery is located under the Safed Old Jewish Cemetery.

In the entrance to the cemetery is the ancient Mikveh that was used for the Rabbi Isaac Luria. His grave is located nearby.

The Military Cemetery of Safed that was used from 1948 is located to the north of the Safed Old Jewish Cemetery.

The Central Monument to the Olei Hagardom is located on the slope of Mount Canaan under the Military Cemetery.


Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery

The Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Israel. It has been used for thousands of years as a burial place for many people, including prominent figures of importance to Jewish heritage. It was closed in the 1990's. 

The cemetery is located along the eastern slope of Mount Berenice and near the Sea of Galilee. 

The Tomb of Rachel, Rabbi Akiva's wife, is an ancient tomb building located in the western part of the cemetery.


State school

State schools usually mean primary or secondary schools which educate children without charge. They are funded in whole or part by taxation. The term may also refer to public institutions of post-secondary education. State schools have to follow the national curriculum for their country.

State schools may be called public schools outside of England and Wales.

In the United States, "state school" is colloquial for state university, a college, or a university in a state university system. "Public school" is used for elementary, middle, or high schools that get their money from the government or are run by the government. "Private school" is used for schools that do not get their money from the government, nor are they run by the government. 


Ñeembucú

The Ñeembucú department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Pilar. Its code is PY-12.

The department is almost entirely rural, and there are some of the oldest and best-preserved Jesuit ruins, which are located near the town of Humaitá.

The Ñeembucú department is in the southwest of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . It is the department with fewest people living in it, with a population of 84,123 for a population density of .


, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Pilar was . The month with the most precipitation was February with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Pilar was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 16 districts:



Wohlen bei Bern

Wohlen bei Bern is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is made of 12 villages: Hinterkappelen, Illiswil, Innerberg, Möriswil, Murzelen, Oberdettigen, Säriswil, Steinisweg, Uettligen, Unterdettigen, Weissenstein and Wickacker.


Wolfisberg

Wolfisberg was a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Wolfisberg became part of Niederbipp.


Worb

Worb is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Worben

Worben is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wynau

Wynau is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pontiac (Ottawa leader)

Pontiac (c. 1720 – April 20, 1769) was a war chief. He became known for his role in Pontiac's War (1763–1766), an American Indian war against British military near the Great Lakes region and named for him.  Historians today generally view him as an important local leader who influenced a wider movement that he did not command.

The war began in May 1763 when Pontiac and 300 followers attempted to take Fort Detroit by surprise but their plan was foiled.

He gained confidence as he continued to go against the British. British officials made Pontiac the focus of their diplomatic efforts seeking to end the war.

Pontiac was killed on April 20, 1769.

 

Wynigen

Wynigen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Los Andes, Chile

Los Andes is a Chilean commune and city; it is the capital and main city of the Los Andes province, in the Valparaíso region.

Los Andes was founded in July 31, 1791 as Villa Santa Rosa de Los Andes by Ambrosio O'Higgins, Governor of Chile, in a place called "Las Piedras Paradas" ("The Standing Stones"). The town was named after Saint Rose of Lima, the first Catholic saint of the Americas.

The commune of Los Andes is in the upper part of the valley of the Aconcagua river, at and altitude of above sea level. The commune has an area of . It is at from San Felipe, at from the national capital of Santiago and at from Valparaíso, the capital of the region.

The commune is bordered on the north and northeast by the San Esteban commune, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Calle Larga commune, on the southwest by the Rinconada commune and on the west and northwest by the San Felipe commune.
The city of San Felipe is along the Aconcagua river, the main river of the province and of the Valparaíso region.

 (last national census), there were 60,198 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Los Andes has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 55,127 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Andinos" (women, "Andinas").



Hayato Ikeda

Hayato Ikeda was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan 3 times.

In 1960 Ikeda made a plan called the "Income Doubling Plan". The plan would use construction to double the economy of Japan.

Marcelo Caetano

Marcello José das Neves Alves Caetano (; 17 August 1906 – 26 October 1980) was a Portuguese politician. He had many important positions in the government. In 1968 he became prime minister. In 1974 the military took leadership of Portugal in the Carnation Revolution. Caetano was removed from his position.

Álvaro Cunhal

Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal (; 10 November 1913 – 13 June 2005) was a Portuguese politician. He was secretary-general of the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) from 1961 to 1992. He strongly supported the Soviet Union.

San Antonio Province

San Antonio Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The port city of San Antonio is the capital of the province.

The San Antonio province has an area of , the third smallest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Quillota and Marga Marga provinces are smaller.

The San Antonio province is on the coast along the Pacific Ocean and is bordered on the north by the Casablanca commune (Valparaíso province), on the east by the Melipilla commune (Santiago Metropolitan region), to the south with the Navidad commune (Cardenal Caro province, O'Higgins region), and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The San Antonio valley is a small region where wine is produced. It is very close to the sea around the city of San Antonio, at only west of Santiago.

 (last national census), there were 136,594 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is San Antonio, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 87,205 inhabitants.

As a province, San Antonio is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of San Antonio serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



San Antonio, Chile

San Antonio is a Chilean commune and city; it is the capital and main city of the San Antonio province, in the Valparaíso region. It is one of the most important seaport of Chile.

The city is named after Saint Anthony ().

The city of San Antonio is just to north of the mouth of the Maipo, on small hills and dunes near the coast of central Chile, at and altitude of above sea level.

The commune has an area of . It is at about south of Valparaíso, the capital of the region.

San Antonio is bordered on the north and northeast by the commune of San Esteban; on the east, by the commune of Melipilla and the Maipo river; on the south, by the same river and by the communes of Santo Domingo and San Pedro; and on the west, by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 87,205 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of San Antonio has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 83,435 inhabitants.

San Antonio and several cities around it form a greater space, the Greater (or Conurbation) San Antonio.



Salgueiro Maia

Fernando José Salgueiro Maia was a captain of the Portuguese army. His actions helped the Carnation Revolution remain peaceful.

Black Lives Matter

Black Lives Matter (BLM) is an international activist group. They originated in the African-American community. They are against violence and systemic racism by white police officers towards black people. 

The movement began in 2013 with the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter on social media. It started after the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin. It became famous for street demonstrations following the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. The former sparked riots and unrest in Ferguson, Missouri. The latter led to protests all over the United States.

After the Ferguson protests, participants in Black Lives Matter demonstrated against other African-Americans' deaths, such as Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Laquan McDonald, Philando Castile and Alton Sterling.

In 2020, during the George Floyd Protests, Black Lives Matter became much more widely accepted. Black Lives Matter filed a lawsuit against the police department of Seattle, Washington for violence against protesters.

"It's now something where the Mitt Romneys of the world can join in, and that was something unimaginable back in 2014," said Justin Hansford, executive director of Howard University's Thurgood Marshall Civil Rights Center. "That is the result of six years of hard work by people who are in the movement and have put forward so many discussions that really changed people’s hearts and minds." Hansford was also an activist in Ferguson.

The movement has also been criticized. In the New York Times, Deroy Murdock asked about the true number of black people killed by police, and about the way the BLM movement reported these killings. He wrote: "But the notion that America’s cops simply are gunning down innocent black people is one of today's biggest and deadliest lies". Some of the black leaders of the American civil rights movement criticized the tactics of the BLM movement. Glenn Loury, a professor for economics, warned about focusing on police violence against black people; the other side would only use this to compile statistics; in these statistics black people will be overrepresented. According to Loury, it would be better to reform social structures, so that people could benefit, irrespective of skin color. One of the examples he gave was early-age education.

Rabi crops

Rabi crops are grown in the winter and harvested in the spring in the South Asia. The word means spring in the Arabic language. 

It is also called rabi harvest and spring harvest (also known as winter crop). The rabi crops are sown around mid-November, after the monsoon rains are over, and harvesting begins in April/May. The crops are grown either with rainwater that has percolated into the ground, or with irrigation. A good rain in winter spoils the rabi crop but is good for kharif crops.

Normally wheat barley, mustard, sesame and peas are grown in india. Peas are harvested early, as they are ready early: Indian markets are flooded with green peas from January to March, peaking in February.

Some of the example are: 



Death of Freddie Gray

On April 12, 2015, Freddie Carlos Gray, Jr (August 16, 1989 – April 19, 2015), a 25 year old African-American man from Baltimore, Maryland, was arrested by the Baltimore Police Department for having what police thought was an illegal switchblade. While being transported in a police van, Gray fell into a coma and had to be taken to a local trauma center as a result of the officers not securing him in the van.

Gray later died resulting from injuries to his spinal cord.

Six Baltimore police officers were suspended with pay.

Gray's hospitalization and death resulted in protests and riots in downtown Baltimore starting on April 25. There were multiple arrests and 15 police officers were injured. On April 27, following Gray's funeral, civil disorder intensified with the looting and burning of local businesses, and a CVS Pharmacy.

Rizal Park

Rizal Park (Liwasang Park in Tagalog) is a historical urban park in the Philippines. It is one of the largest urban parks in Asia.
The park is also known as Luneta National Park or simply Luneta.

Presidency of Abraham Lincoln

The presidency of Abraham Lincoln began when he took office as the 16th President of the United States on March 4, 1861. It ended with his death on April 15, 1865. During his presidency he claimed more prerogatives than any other president had done before him. As a result, the small and relatively limited powers of the president grew enormously during his time in office. When Lincoln won the 1860 presidential election, he did it without the support of any of the Southern states. Since the 1830s, Southern states had talked about secession, but it became a serious issue in 1860. Between the election and Lincoln's Inauguration in March of 1861, seven states had seceded from the Union. They formed the Confederate States of America (CSA). When Confederates attacked Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861 and captured it the next day, this started the American Civil War. While having little previous military experience, Lincoln still managed to stand out as a great war president. In 1863, his Emancipation Proclamation freed the slaves in Southern states. It led directly to the abolition of slavery in the United States. Given later that year, his Gettysburg Address is and remains one of the most important speeches in American history. In 1865, as the Civil war was ending he was shot and killed by John Wilkes Booth, a Confederate sympathizer. His death made Lincoln a martyr to the Union cause. He is widely recognized as the greatest president in U.S. history.

By this time Lincoln was well-known in Illinois politics. In 1858 he had debated Stephen A. Douglas in a bid for the United States Senate and lost. At the time, U.S. senators were elected by their state legislatures. So both Lincoln and Douglas were trying for their respective parties to win control of the Illinois legislature. Although Illinois was a free state, the main issue of all seven debates was slavery.

Lincoln spent the next 16 months making speeches for a number of Republican candidates in the North. This both made him many political friends and also was in for his run for President. Up to this time the strongest candidate was William H. Seward of New York. Seward was strongly opposed to slavery anywhere in the U.S. Lincoln took a more moderate view and was opposed to the spread of slavery in new states to the West. 

As Lincoln became more popular in the newly-formed Republican Party he was invited to give speeches in a number of states. In October of 1859, he was invited to speak at Henry Ward Beecher's church in Brooklyn, New York. Lincoln spent months preparing for this speech; more time than he had spent on any speech he had given during the senatorial debates. At the last minute, the site for his speech was moved to the Cooper Union in Manhattan. Lincoln knew why he had been asked to give the address. He was being promoted as an alternative to Seward and other possible Republican candidates. The Cooper Union address got Lincoln the attention he needed to become the Republican candidate for president in 1860. 

In April 1860, the Democrats held their political convention, the Southern Democrats walked out and the convention closed without nominating a candidate. The two sides each held their own conventions two months later. 
Stephen Douglas was the candidate of the Northern Democrats. John C. Breckinridge ran for the Southern Democrats. John Bell, the Senator from Tennessee, ran for the Constitutional Union Party. The split in the Democratic party almost guaranteed Lincoln could win the presidency. At the beginning of 1860, Lincoln was not a major candidate for President. On November6, 1860, with 39% of the popular vote and a majority in the Electoral College, Lincoln was elected President. Voter turnout for the election was 81.2%, the second highest in American history. 

In November of 1860, with Lincoln the apparent winner, a crisis that had been smoldering for at least a decade erupted. Southerners were outraged by the election of Lincoln, who opposed slavery in territories and new states. They began to act almost immediately. James Chesnut, Jr., Senator from South Carolina, resigned just four days after the election. President James Buchanan only made things worse. In December, he wrote a message to Congress. In it he stated he thought secession was illegal. But he added that the federal government could not act to stop any states from leaving the Union. Northerners could not understand how Buchanan could say such a thing. After that, Buchanan's cabinet began falling apart. Howell Cobb, the Secretary of the Treasury who was from Georgia, told Buchanan he quit. A week later, Lewis Cass, the Secretary of State (from Michigan) left because Buchanan had done nothing to stop the secession crisis.

South Carolina was the first to take action. Leaders there had warned that if a Republican won the 1868 election, they would leave the Union. On December 20, 1860 in a special convention, they passed a unanimous resolution to secede. In January of 1861 they were followed by Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia and Louisiana. Texas seceded on February 1. While resolutions for secession were prepared in other states, no more were passed during this period.

While Buchanan did nothing, several senators made speeches in Congress trying to calm things down. The Peace Conference of 1861 was held at the Willard Hotel in Washington on February 4, 1861. Of the 33 states, 21 sent delegates. Former President John Tyler, a native of Virginia, was elected the presiding officer. The convention lasted for about two weeks. During that time a number of proposals were created that were then delivered to Congress. A number of compromises were worked out that would take the form of proposed amendments to the United States Constitution. But none were passed by Congress. At Lincoln's inauguration, he rode in a carriage beside the outgoing president. Buchanan is quoted as saying to Lincoln, "If you are as happy entering the presidency as I am leaving it, then you are a very happy man." Within weeks, four more slave states seceded and the Confederates fired on Fort Sumter.

On March 4, 1861, Lincoln gave his first inaugural address as part of his being sworn in as 16th President of the United States. The speech was primarily addressed to the people of the South. It was intended to lay out Lincoln's intended policies and desires toward the South where seven states had formed the Confederate States of America. His speech was written in a spirit of friendship toward the seceded states. He touched on several points. Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states where it already existed. He said there would be no Federal hostility towards the states that had seceded for the time being. The Federal Government would “hold, occupy, and possess” its property. It would also collect its taxes. He closed his speech with the warning: 
Lincoln's presidency lasted for about four years. It ran from March 4, 1861 until he was shot by a Confederate sympathizer and died on April 15, 1865. Nearly all of his time in office was consumed by the Civil War. From his election by the Electoral College on February 15 to his inauguration on March 4, Lincoln had little time to assemble a cabinet. 

Lincoln's cabinet was unique in American history. It included all of his major rivals for the 1860 Republican nomination. As part of the political negotiations leading up to the nomination, some had been promised a position in the cabinet. It was not a harmonious group as most of them did not like each other. They had different ideas about governing the country, different ethics and different personalities. In particular, Simon Cameron, was forced on Lincoln by a deal struck with the Pennsylvania delegates at the Republican Convention. He already had a reputation for being incompetent and corrupt. Per the agreement he was Lincoln's Secretary of War. 

Members included:
The Lincoln administration found itself tasked with guiding the country through its darkest days. He inherited the problems from his predecessor, President James Buchanan. In his own inaugural address four years earlier, Buchan had called the issues of slavery “happily, a matter of but little practical importance.” Buchanan took the position he did not have the power to do anything about the impending civil war. He said: “It is beyond the power of any president, no matter what may be his own political proclivities, to restore peace and harmony among the states. Wisely limited and restrained as is his power under our Constitution and laws, he alone can accomplish but little for good or for evil on such a momentous question.” As the civil war approached, under Buchanan's presidency the country slid into a recession.

Rather than ignore or accept the situation, Lincoln had to mend a broken nation or see it torn apart. Between the presidential election and his inauguration, the seven states that seceded formed the Confederate States of America. Their constitution was patterned after the United States Constitution with four differences. It supported states' Sovereignty. It guaranteed slavery would always exist in the Confederate states. It did not allow the Southern Congress to establish protective tariffs. It also limited the term of president of the Confederate states to 6 years. Jefferson Davis was elected as president of the CSA. He was a Mississippi slave owner, a U.S. senator and had also been secretary of war under President Franklin Pierce. The CSA assumed several philosophical positions that differed from those of the United States. It assumed the United States was merely an association of sovereign states as they had been under the Articles of Confederation before the acceptance of the U.S. Constitution. They maintained that as such, each state was free to leave the association of states. The North saw the Union as a permanent country. Lincoln pointed out that each state had given up its own sovereignty when it ratified and accepted the Constitution. He also argued that no state had the right to revolt against their country, the United States of America. But Lincoln remained silent about the CSA from their formation until his inauguration. He repeated his campaign promise, that as President he would take no steps to stop or limit slavery in those states where it already existed. However, he did not accept the proposals made by the Peace Commission. Demonstrating his peaceful intentions, his inaugural address was aimed at preventing other Southern states from joining the CSA. They were not enemies. He would not attack the CSA but would keep and maintain all property of the United States government that existed in the Southern states.

A day after his inauguration, Lincoln received a dispatch from Major Robert Anderson. He was the commander of Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor. He informed Lincoln that if the fort was not resupplied soon, he and his men would have to leave. Lincoln thought of a way to resupply the fort without starting any fighting. He would send unarmed supply ships to Fort Sumter. He informed CSA President Davis of his intentions. This way, the U.S. would not start any fighting but would retain the fort as Lincoln had promised they would. Immediately Davis sent General P. G. T. Beauregard to force the fort's surrender before the supply ships could arrive. At 4:30 a.m. on the morning on April 12, 1861, Confederate guns began a bombardment of Fort Sumter. After 33 hours, Major Anderson surrendered the fort. This was the start of the Civil War.

The war lasted for four years. The North did not anticipate the South would fight almost to the last man to defend its "freedom". The South had no idea that the North, led by Lincoln, would show an iron will to preserve the Union at all costs.

One of Lincoln's military strategies was to blockade the South's ports and approximately of shoreline. At the start of the war, with only a few ships, this was all but impossible. By war's end, the Union had captured or destroyed 1500 blockade runners. But with nearly 5 out of 6 shops able to evade the blockade, Great Britain argued it was not recognized by international law as it was a "paper blockade." The Confederacy was able to ship only a small part of its main cash crop, cotton, to England during the war. Three years before the war the South had shipped 10 million bales of cotton a year. During the war they shipped a total of only 500,000 bales. But English manufacturers had stockpiled large quantities of Southern cotton from the huge exports before the war. What they had on hand carried them through most of the war.

In 1861, both the Confederacy and the Union wanted the help of Great Britain. The North counted on them because of their condemnation of slavery. The Confederacy counted on their help because of the great importance their cotton had to Britain's economy. So both sides had diplomatic relations with Great Britain. The South needed Britain's help to win the war. Also, without the aid of Britain, France would not dare interfere even though they were already friendly with the South. On May 4, 1861, Queen Victoria issued a proclamation declaring Britain's neutrality in the war and recognizing the Confederacy as a belligerent in the conflict. This enraged Lincoln. Seward, his Secretary of State, had already issued instructions to the new minister to Britain to quit and come home should the Queen recognize the Confederacy. France followed with a similar declaration which also recognized the CSA as a nation. Seward warned both nations of the possibility of war with the United States over this issue. 

British Prime Minister Lord Palmerston sent a fleet of naval warships to the western Atlantic in preparation for a surprise attack on New York City. They intended to use the world's largest ship, the SS Great Eastern as a troop transport. They saw a strike against New York would be a strike against the U.S. center of commerce. But in the spring of 1862, the British learned of the Union ironclad warship, the USS Monitor. This cancelled any invasion plans. While the British Navy had ironclad warships, they required deep water to navigate. The Monitor and Northern ships like her could destroy British ships should they try to blockade Northern ports. Russia was also concerned the British and/or French might step in. During the summer of 1862, a coalition of nations considered stepping in to mediate the war. These included Britain, France, Prussia, Austria and Russia. But in the fall of 1863, Tsar Alexander II of Russia sent his navy to protect the United States from any invasion by Great Britain and France. Their Baltic fleet began arriving in New York harbor on September 24, 1863. The Russian Far East fleet was sent to San Francisco.

For the remainder of the war, most European countries had little to gain by recognizing the Confederacy as a sovereign nation. Lincoln was diplomatic in his handling of two Confederates who had been arrested on the British ship the Trent. He ordered them both released. Crop failures in Europe made Union agricultural products popular. Egypt and India were able to supply the cotton that was formerly bought from the South before the war. The Union was also a good customer for small arms and other manufactured goods from Europe. However, dozens of blockade runners and warships were constructed for the Confederate Navy by English shipbuilders during the war. 

In 1861, the American Civil war was the first modern total war. And in 1861, nobody in the United States knew how to fight one. Men could be enlisted and war goods could be manufactured, but generals took time to train. The general in chief of the army in 1861 was Winfield Scott, in charge of an army of only about 16,000 men. Scott was both old and old school (meaning he had no modern training). Quite a few officers had been trained at West Point, but at the time West Point taught engineering, mathematics and fortifications. It taught very little about strategy and nothing about leading large formations of soldiers in the field. None had learned anything about staff work or how to manage an army except those few who could read French or who had any military experience in Europe. One of the worst problems is that field commanders did not even have accurate maps of the areas they had to move and fight in. Except in the West, local maps did not exist for many parts of the country. Unlike Jefferson Davis, who did have military experience, Lincoln had almost none.

Lincoln faced a very steep learning curve when the war started. But Lincoln was a quick study. He had taught himself to be a lawyer. Learning military strategy proved to be something else he could do very well. He read books on strategy, military history and learned from the successes and failures of his troops in the field. He also learned from the enemy's military tactics. He learned so well that by 1862, historian T. Harry William said about him: "Lincoln stands out as a great war president, probably the greatest in our history, and a great natural strategist, a better one than any of his generals." Although there is no evidence he ever read Karl von Clausewitz's "On War", his actions followed the book's central argument: "The political objective is the goal, war is the means of reaching it, and means can never be considered in isolation from their purpose. Therefore, it is clear that war should never be thought of as something autonomous but always as an instrument of policy."


Wyssachen

Wyssachen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Zauggenried

Zauggenried was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Zauggenried, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach and Schalunen merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Zäziwil

Zäziwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


PK machine gun

The PK is a machine gun designed in the Soviet Union and is still being used currently by the Russian Army. The PK went in production in 1961 and entered in 1969 to replace the Degtyaryov and the SG-43. The PK was designed by the AK-47 inventor named Mikhail Kalashnikov. The Russian factory produced over 1,000,000 PK machine guns since the 1960s and today. It’s an upside down AKM.

Zielebach

Zielebach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Zimmerwald

Zimmerwald was a municipality in Seftigen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the municipalities Zimmerwald and Englisberg joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.

Chiloé Island

Chiloé Island (Spanish: "Isla de Chiloé"), also known as Greater Island of Chiloé ("Isla Grande de Chiloé"), is the largest island of the Chiloé Archipelago off the Chilean coast with the Pacific Ocean. The island is located in southern side of Chile, in the Los Lagos Region.

Additionally, it has a very special architecture and local culture. As example, the Churches of Chiloé are part of the World Heritage Sites.

It is the second largest island of Chile, after Tierra del Fuego, which is shared with Argentina.



Chiloé Archipelago

Chiloé Archipelago is an archipelago located in Los Lagos Region, in southern Chile. The main island is Chiloé Island ("Isla Grande de Chiloé").

Additionally, in the archipelago are located 10 administrative communes related with the Los Lagos Region: Ancud, Castro, Chonchi, Curaco de Vélez, Dalcahue, Puqueldón, Queilén, Quellón, Quemchi and Quinchao.


Maipo (river)

The Maipo is a river that flows from east to west through the Santiago Metropolitan and the Valparaíso regions in central Chile. It flows just south of the national capital, Santiago, and ends in the Pacific Ocean.

The Maipo river is one of the main rivers of Chile and is an important source of irrigation and potable water for the region.

The Maipo river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Maipo river starts on the Andes, in the place called "Los Nacimientos", on the side of the Maipo volcano, in the San José de Maipo commune (Santiago Metropolitan Region), at an elevation of about .

From its start, the river flows to the northwest through the "Cajón del Maipo", a canyon; the "El Volcán" and "Yeso" rivers join the Maio before San José de Maipo near the town of "San Gabriel" and as right tributaries. After the city of San José de Maipo the river is joined, also as a right tributary, by the "Colorado" river and then turns to the southwest.

After a total of about , Maipo river leaves the Andes to the south of Puente Alto, still at near of altitude above sea level, and gets into the Maipo valley. Near Talagante, after flowing through the city of Santiago, the "Mapocho" river joins, as a right tributary, the Maipo river.

After crossing the coastal mountains, the Maipo gets to the town of "Llolleo", just south of the port city of San Antonio, where it flows into the Pacific Ocean.

Most of the tributaries of the Maipo river join:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
In the upper part, the Maipo is used to produce hydroelectricity. The "Cajón del Maipo" is a popular tourist region, mainly for water sports like rafting.

In the Maipo valley, grapes are produced with the water of the river and the valley is a very important wine region.



Maipo (volcano)

Maipo is a stratovolcano in the Andes, lying on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is located south of Tupungato, one of the highest mountains in the Americas, and about southeast of Santiago.

The first ascent of this peak was made on 19 January 1833 by Paul Güssfeldt, a German geologist, mountaineer and explorer, together with two Chilean guides: Lorenzo Zamorano and Francisco (only the first name is known).

In Chile, the Maipo volcano is in the Santiago Metropolitan Region, Cordillera province, San José de Maipo commune. In Argentina, it is in the Mendoza province, San Carlos department, Pareditas district.

The Maipo river starts on the western side (Chile) of the volcan. The Diamante river start on the eastern side (Argentina) in the lake with the same name.

The volcano was formed during the Pleistocene. There are four historical and confirmed records of eruptions of the Maipo: in 1826, 1829,1905 and 1912. The "Laguna del Diamante" ("Diamond Lake") was formed by the eruption of 1826.


Black marlin

The black marlin ("Istiompax indica") is a species of marlin. It is found in tropical and subtropical areas of the Indian and Pacific Oceans. The fish has a maximum length of and weight of . It is one of the largest marlins and also one of the largest bony fish. 

This marlin is one of the fastest fish, with speeds of up to . This is estimated from the speed that hooked marlins unwind fishing line. Black marlin are fished commercially and are also a highly prized game fish.

Lindi Region

Lindi Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions. The regional capital is Lindi.

Much of the western part of the Lindi Region is in the Selous Game Reserve.

Seven Kings School

Seven Kings School (used to be known as "Seven Kings High School") is a mixed comprehensive (primary and secondary) school in Ilford in East London, England. For students aged 4–18 years old, Seven Kings School has a separate Primary school and Secondary school buildings, which are close to each other. Seven Kings has also took part in and won awards (which are well known around the UK), such as, The Jack Petchey Award and are known as a National Teaching School. Seven Kings were the first to work to include pupils with special needs and disabilities.

Seven Kings Primary School is a four-form entry school (they have four classes for each year group), with 120 reception children who started in September 2015.  While they move up, a 120 more children will start going to the school, every year. The school will be full by September 2021, when the original class of reception children becomes Year 6. These first children will be the original year groups of the school and will see the school grow, as they move up through it. All children who go to Seven Kings Primary will be allowed to move on to Seven Kings High School, if they or their parents choose to do so.

Seven Kings also has a sixth form (Year 12 and Year 13). The sixth form allows more students than the secondary school and allows pupils from boroughs and towns next to Redbridge. More than a hundred students are from another school but this can change on how many Year 11s carry on. You can pick up to four A-Levels there.

In 2007, the school inspectors (Ofsted) gave Seven Kings High School a Grade 1 or an 'outstanding' - this is the highest award they can give.

In 2009, Ofsted have said that SKHS is one of the twelve 'outstanding' schools that help people who wouldn't have found any or 'disadvantaged communities'.

Shyampur Thana

Shyampur () is a Manufacture Zone of Bangladesh and the second Industrial zone of Dhaka city has an Estimated Material factories a total lists of factories main Ironical Mechanics factory fifty six garments Eighty nine iron factory one thousands sixty five Dying factory five thousands anothers factories which is related to Entrepreneurs and Economical Development meteorological

Shyampur is located at . Its has an areas of total 2.31 km².

This Shyampur has a population of 60152. Males constitute 49.78% of the population, and females 50.22%. Shyampur has an average literacy rate of 52.68%, and the national average of 32.4% literate.

Shyampur has 1 Union/Wards, 7 Mauzas/Mahallas, and 3 villages. 


Pulau Ubin

Pulau Ubin (also called Ubin Island) is an island at the northeast of Singapore. The island is now a tourist attraction. Less than 100 people stay on the island. But many people visit in the daytime to enjoy nature.

"Pulau Ubin" means "Granite Island" in Malay language.

Visitors can take a boat from Changi Point Ferry Terminal. It takes 10 minutes to reach Pulau Ubin.
On the island, people can ride bicycles. There are some shops which rent bicycles to visitors.

Aljunied MRT station

Aljunied MRT station (EW9) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West line in Geylang, Singapore. Named after Aljunied Road, this station primarily serves Aljunied, one of the subzones that make up Geylang planning area. The station was opened on 4 November 1989. It was formerly called E4, well before 2001.

On 26 June 2009, train services along the East West line were disrupted for almost 18 minutes at about 7.25 pm after a Chinese man in his 40s jumped onto the train tracks ran towards Paya Lebar. SMRT staff did not manage to find the man but he was arrested by the police after found his way down to the street. He had leg injuries and was later charged with attempted suicide.

Aljunied was the temporary terminal for trains that travel to and from Joo Koon during the early closures, late openings and full closures from 5 January 2018 to 4 February that year.


Regional Science Association International

Regional Science Association International (RSAI) is an international association of Regional science. The organization was established in 1954 as an international community of scholars interested in the regional impacts of national or global processes of economic and social change. located in the University of Azores, Azores, Portugal. the organization is beneath center of 22 regional organizations worldwide.


Meteomont

Meteomont is the mountain meteorological service of the Italian Army. The service helps with search and rescue. It also assesses the risk of avalanches, gives early warning of avalanches, and assesses mountain snow conditions in general. The service works together with the Carabinieri (the Italian Army law enforcement service), the meteorological and intelligence service of the Italian Air Force, and the Alpini. The Alpini are the elite mountain troops of the Italian Army.

Whitelist

A whitelist is a list of acceptable, recognised or privileged people, websites or images. On the computer, a whitelist shows a list of websites that you can go to; any website not on the whitelist is not accepted. The opposite is a blacklist, which shows a list of websites that you cannot go to.

Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho

Otelo Nuno Romão Saraiva de Carvalho (August 31, 1936 – July 25, 2021) was a Portuguese military officer. He was the chief strategist of the 1974 Carnation Revolution in Lisbon. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Portugal in 1976 and in 1980.

On July 10, 2021, Otelo was hospitalized at Hospital das Forças Armadas in Lisbon. He died fifteen days later on July 25 from heart failure, aged 84.

António de Spínola

António Sebastião Ribeiro de Spínola (generally referred to as António de Spínola, ; 11 April 1910 – 13 August 1996) was a Portuguese military officer.

During the Carnation Revolution, Marcelo Caetano would only surrender to Spínola. This gave Spínola an important place after the revolution. He was made president of the National Salvation Junta. Then he became President of Portugal. He was only President 4 months before Francisco da Costa Gomes took the position.

Vasco Gonçalves

General Vasco dos Santos Gonçalves was a Portuguese army officer. After the Carnation Revolution, he served as the Prime Minister of Portugal.

Francisco de Sá Carneiro

Francisco Manuel Lumbrales de Sá Carneiro founded the Portuguese Social Democratic Party in 1974. He was elected Prime Minister of Portugal in January 1980. Sá Carneiro died in a plane crash in December 1980.

Nederlandse Spoorwegen

Nederlandse Spoorwegen () or NS is the main passenger railway operator in the Netherlands. NS provides rail services on the Dutch main rail network. The rail infrastructure is maintained by network manager ProRail, which was split off from NS in 2003. Freight services, formerly operated by NS Cargo, merged with the DB Schenker group in 2000.

NS runs 4,800 scheduled domestic trains a day, serving 1.1 million passengers. In addition, NS provides international rail services from Abellio which runs Abellio Greater Anglia, Merseyrail and ScotRail in the United Kingdom.

Zollikofen

Zollikofen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the capital of Berne.


Whitechapel

Whitechapel is a district in the East End of London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.

It is 3.4 miles (5.5 km) east of Charing Cross and roughly bounded by Petticoat Lane and Mansell Street to the west, Fashion Street to the north, Cambridge Heath Road and Sidney Street to the east and The Highway to the south.

Because the area is close to the London Docklands and east of the city, it has been a popular place for immigrants and the working class. The area was the centre of the London Jewish community in the 19th and early 20th century. It is where the infamous Whitechapel Murders by Jack the Ripper took place in 1888. In the latter half of the 20th century, Tower Hamlets (including Whitechapel) became the largest settlement for the British Bangladeshi community, particularly on and around Whitechapel Road and Brick Lane.

Holywood

Holywood ( ) is a town in the metropolitan area of Belfast in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is a civil parish and townland of 755 acres lying on the shore of Belfast Lough, between Belfast and Bangor. Holywood Exchange and Belfast City Airport are nearby. The town hosts an annual jazz and blues festival.

Zuzwil, Bern

Zuzwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Odie

Odie is a fictional character in the Jim Davis comic strip "Garfield".


Zablon Simintov

Zablon Simintov (born 1959) is thought to be the last Jew in Afghanistan. He was born in Herat. Simintov had lived with the second last remaining Jewish man in Afghanistan, Ishaq Levin, who died on January 26, 2005, aged around 80. 

Simintov says it is not easy to practice his religion alone. However, he has obtained special permission from the nearest rabbi, in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, to slaughter his own meat in line with "kosher" dietary laws. That can normally only be done by a specially trained and qualified Jewish ritual slaughterer. He says that he receives special kosher packages for Passover from Afghan Jews living in New York. 

His wife and two daughters live in Israel. When asked during an interview whether he would emigrate to Israel, Simintov retorted, "Go to Israel? What business do I have there? Why should I leave?"

History of hearing aids

The first hearing aids were made in the 17th century. Since the 13th century people had been making similar devices by hollowing out the horns of animals. Hearing aids did not improve very much until electricity and the telephone were created in 1898. This is when the first electric hearing aid was created, but it was not given out to the public to use until later in the 20th century. Over the past century however, the fast development of technology has changed and improved the hearing aid greatly, making new designs and adding new functions to be able to help even more hearing problems.

The first hearing aids were called ear trumpets and were large funnel-shaped devices that were mostly made out of metal, animal horns, wood and even snail shells. People would hold them to their ear when they needed to use it to hear. These hearing aids did not make sound louder but collected sound and directed it into the ear which made the sound energy stronger when it hits the ear drum. Ear trumpets worked by capturing more sound for users, so the best way to make them work was for others to speak into the opening of the trumpet. When used in more public places such as concerts, the ear trumpet would not be as effective. Background noise could not be blocked and would enter the trumpet along with the sounds that the user is trying to focus on.
Late in the 19th century, after the invention of telephones and microphones, the electric hearing aids were created. Though they were made during the 1870s - 1890s, they did not become popular until the early 20th century. 

The first electronic hearing aid was called an Akouphone, and was invented by Miller Reese Hutchinson. It used a carbon transmitter created by Thomas Edison which could increase sound by about 15 decibels by using an electric current to make the sound signal stronger. These first electronic hearing aids were portable but still a little large and were not easily carried around. They sometimes had a scratchy noise and could not pick up all sounds so were not ideal. 

In 1920, the vacuum-tube hearing aid was created by Earl Hanson who was a naval engineer. These devices used the transmitter found in telephones to make sounds louder. It would do this by turn sound into electronic current and making it louder and moving it to the ear. Vacuum tubes could increase sound by up to 70 decibels, and worked better because they could control electricity better than carbon could. These were first the size of a cabinet, but between the 1920s - 1930s, they were made small enough to fit into a small box. The hearing aids were continued to be made even smaller and in the late 1940s, a device that could fit in the pocket was made. This device still connected to the ears through wires so they were not very popular. 

Vacuum tubes were replaced by smaller and better transistors. The transistor was smaller, needed less power and sounded better than the vacuum tubes. With the small transistors, hearing aids were finally able to be worn inside or behind the ear, making hearing aids much more popular. 

Later in the 20th century, transistors were beginning to be made out of silicon and hearing aids could be made even smaller. Microprocessors were created and also added into hearing aids and sound signals were made to be processed digitally. Eventually, this allowed for hearing aids to be programmed, and customised to the needs of users. The technology inside the hearing aids is similar to the technology in mobile phones, computers and televisions. 


Presbycusis

Presbycusis is a type of sensorineural hearing loss which is caused by natural aging. Presbycusis occurs over time, becoming worse as people age and can not be reversed. It is the most common form of hearing loss and the second most common illness among older people, effecting up to 1 in 3 people by the age of 65. 

Presbyusis results in less ability to hear sounds. Since it occurs over time, many people do not know that they are affected and think that their hearing is normal. There are symptoms that show signs that hearing loss is present. 

Communication for people with presbycusis usually will become a lot more difficult. Although noises may still sound loud, it is common that the sounds will not be clear. This is especially true when hearing high-pitched or high-frequency sounds. 

Unlike other forms of hearing loss such as noise-induced hearing loss it is a normal part of aging. Even though it occurs naturally, there are factors that can make it worse and make it happen earlier in life. Presbycusis is usually a form of sensorineural hearing loss, which means that it is due to problems in the inner ear or the hearing nerve due to loss or damage to the hair cells that line the inner ear. The most common causes of sensorineural hearing loss are exposure to loud noise for long periods of time and some diseases. 

Most hearing loss can both be prevented or managed if the proper precautions are taken. 


Hyperacusis

Hyperacusis is a hearing health problem where people become more sensitive to some sounds for certain frequencies and volumes. This can make everyday sounds such as a car, dishwasher or refrigerator sound very loud. It is usually very difficult to tolerate and can be uncomfortable or even painful for people experiencing it. 

The increasing sensitivity of the ears caused by hyperacusis is painful for many people. It can negatively effect the everyday lives of people experiencing it. It can make it very difficult and even not possible to do their everyday jobs and take care of their responsibilities. There are many symptoms experienced by those with hyperacusis. 

Like other hearing problems, hyperacusis can start suddenly or gradually over time. It can affect people of all different ages in one or both ears. There are a variety of possible causes:

These are the main causes of hyeracusis and most hearing problems. There are other less common causes such as post-traumatic stress disorder. 

Hyperacusis cannot always be fully cured, but for most people the symptoms get better with time and treatment. People need to learn to use hearing protection against sounds which are very loud, but to not use these in everyday situations. Protecting the ears too much will make the symptoms worse instead of better. 

Bolesław Bierut

Bolesław Bierut was a Polish Communist leader. He became President of Poland after the Soviet Union took leadership of the country. Bierut was a strong supporter of Stalinism.

Władysław Gomułka

Władysław Gomułka (; 6 February 1905 – 1 September 1982) was a Polish communist politician. After World War II he was the leader of Poland until 1948. Following the Polish October he became leader again from 1956 to 1970.

Gomułka was one of the key leaders of the Warsaw Pact. He supported Poland's participation in Prague Spring in August 1968. One of his notable achievements was negotiating the Treaty of Warsaw (1970) with West Germany. The treaty meant Germany agreed to the post-World War II borders.


Tinnitus masker

A tinnitus masker is an electronic device that makes quiet sound. It is used by people with tinnitus to cover up ringing or other sounds they hear. Many people who have tinnitus also have hearing loss. This means they cannot use a hearing aid that also acts as a tinnitus masker. Many times, tinnitus maskers need to be customised by an audiologist. This is to make sure the sound it makes can stop the person from hearing their tinnitus.

Sounds from tinnitus are heard differently by everyone. It can be occasional or constant. It can also come as different sounds, and be loud or quiet. How loud it is (the sensation level) compared to other noise in the environment is an important factor when setting the sound generator. The level of noise produced by a sound generator depends on the sensation level of tinnitus experienced and can be close to this level of this noise or even louder. The purpose of this is to cover up the tinnitus sounds by having a constant noise playing in the background. Noise produced by a tinnitus masker, which is called white noise, is designed to be calming and less irritating than tinnitus sounds. Tinnitus maskers are not actually eliminating tinnitus or reducing it but provide a distraction to cover it up for those experiencing it. 

The idea behind tinnitus maskers can be explained by a light analogy. While turning on a lamp in a dark room will be very noticeable and the change in lighting will be very obvious, the change from turning a lamp on in a room that is already lit will not be very obvious. The change would have been masked by the other light that was already present in the room.

Fengning

Fengning Manchu Autonomous County, Chengde City, Hebei Province jurisdiction, established in 1987. According to "Manchu name test": Fengning County name comes from Emperor Qianlong Yuci, take the word "Fung Fukang Corning."
Geographic location: longitude 116.65 ° north latitude 41.2 °

Qing Emperor Qianlong forty-three years (1778) was built Fengning county.

When the Republic of Fengning under the Rehe system.

In 1940 the county seat by the town moved to town.

May 1948 liberation.

December 2, 1986, the State Council approved the establishment of Fengning Manchu Autonomous County.

April 1987 Fengning Manchu Autonomous County officially listed.
Fengning paper cutting has a long history, Fengning folk paper-cut began in the reign of Emperor Kangxi, the beginning of paper-cut is used to reinforce the windows, blocking the window joints, and later gradually developed, gradually rich colors, the development of the characteristics of decorations, cultural values are also rising . 1993 Fengning was the Ministry of Culture named "Chinese folk paper-cut art town" now has Wei Wene, Shi Junfeng and other cultural heritage successor
In 2014, the Ministry of Culture website published "on the publicity of the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage representative list of projects recommended list" announcement, Fengning Teng cloth paste successfully included in the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage Directory. Teng 's cloth painting is a new painting by Teng Teng, a folk artist of Fengning, Hebei. His technique is a combination of painting, sculpture, heap embroidery, thangka and paper - cutting, and the materials are exquisite, colorful and delicate. Realistic, drawn widely. 
Fengning is a famous revolutionary poet Guo Xiaochuan's hometown. Guo Xiaochuan, the famous poet, writer. Born in 1919, died in 1976. Guo Xiaoguan, formerly known as Guo Enda, was born in the Fengning Manchu Autonomous County town of Fengshan (at the time was the predecessor of Chengde - Rehe Province) an intellectual family. The main works are: "plain old man", "into the fiery struggle", "to young citizens", "Pengcheng Wanli", "general trilogy", "sugar cane forest - blue gauze", "Kunlun line".

Zweisimmen

Zweisimmen is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Zwieselberg

Zwieselberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Otto Frank

Otto Heinrich Frank (12 May 1889 – 19 August 1980) was a German industrialist who later became a resident of the Netherlands and Switzerland. He was the father of Anne and Margot Frank and husband of Edith Frank, and was the only member of his family to survive the Holocaust. He inherited Anne's manuscripts after her death, arranged for the publication of her diary as "Het Achterhuis" in 1947 (known in English as "The Diary of a Young Girl"), and oversaw its adaptation to both theater and film.

Emanuel Swedenborg

Emanuel Swedenborg (; ; born Emanuel Swedberg on 29 January 1688; died 29 March 1772) was a Swedish scientist, philosopher, theologian, revelator, and mystic. He is best known for his book on the afterlife, "Heaven and Hell" (1758). He was the father of mineralogy and physiology of brain. 

His writings inspired "Swedenborgianism".

Little Robots

Little Robots is a British stop-motion animated children's television programme of BBC.

The show was produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Create TV and Film Limited and broadcasted by BBC. It aired from 2003 to 2005. The show was based on a book by Mike Brownlow published in 1999. The main character is Tiny Robot, who is a turquoise decirobot.


Panaro

The Panaro () is a river of northeastern Italy, the last important right tributary of the Po river. It starts in the Northern Apennines mountain range and flows through the Emilia-Romagna region.

The Panaro river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Panaro river, with the name "Rio delle Tagliole", starts in the northern Apennines where Emilia-Romagna meets Tuscany, in the place called "Foce a Giovo" near the Monte Cimone.

From here it flows to the northeast down the valley. At Pievepelago (in the Modena province), its name changes to Scoltenna. Finally, the name is changed to Panaro after the confluence of the Scoltena and the "Leo" stream in the Montespecchio valley, Pavullo nel Frignano.

It borders the "Parco regionale dei Sassi di Roccamalatina" ("Regional Park of the Sassi di Roccamalatina") and keeps flowing to the north. South of Modena, in "Ponte Guerro", it is joined by the "Guerro" stream and in "Fossalta", a place to the east of Modena, it is joined, as a left tributary, by the "Tiepido" stream, its main tributary.

At Bomporto, the river joins the "Naviglio de Modena" ("Modena canal or waterway") and can be navigated until its confluence with the Po, on the border with the Veneto region and to the west of Ferrara.

The Panaro river flows through the cities of Vignola, Finale Emilia and Bondeno and just to the east of Modena.

Of historical and artistic interest is the bridge of Olina (), built in 1522 across the river (still called Scoltenna) near the town of the same name, in the commune of Pavullo nel Frignano

The Panaro flows mainly through the province of Modena but it also flows for a short distance in the Ferrara province after Finale Emilia. It flows through several comunes; some of them, all in the Modena province, Emilia-Romagna region, are:

The tributaries of the Panaro river are small streams; the most importants are the Guerro () and the Tiepido (); they join the Panaro from the left side.



Numa Pompilius

Numa Pompilius was the second King of Rome. He succeeded Romulus in the year 715 BC. Numa was of Sabine origin. He is credited with creating the most important religious and cultural institutions in Rome most prominently the Pontifex Maximus, Most modern historians consider Numa to be pure legend and regard his reign as myth.

Exposure action value

Exposure action value is a limit on the level of noise that workers can be exposed to. The level of noise is measured in decibels and after this level, the workplace needs to make sure that workers are protected from the noise. Safety plans need to be made to stop or lower the risk of hearing health problems for workers.

It is the job of the employer to make sure that workers are safe at work by creating a program that will reduce the risk of any problems.

In order to control the level of noise in the workplace, a noise dosimeter is used. These devices can be worn on the body of a worker to record the level of sound they hear throughout their whole work day as they move to different areas of the workplace. They can also be used to measure the level of noise in a large specific area of the workplace. How the device is used depends on the work environment. Some workers will be walking to different areas of a workplace throughout the whole day and hear different levels of sound but some will only be staying in one area. If the noise dosimeter shows that the level of noise reaches the exposure action value, the employer needs to start using the program they have created to stop any future damage to their worker's hearing health.

The first part of this program is to find out which workers are affected by the noise that is over the exposure action value. Once the workers have been found, they each need to do a hearing test. This will help employers figure out how much hearing protection they will need to keep their workers safe as well as be able to compare the hearing level of the workers at this time to hearing levels later on. If there are large changes, that usually means that workers need more help with their hearing health.

After the tests are done, employers will be able to give the workers the type of hearing protection that is best for them. Workers should be able to pick the kind of hearing protection that they would like and it should not cost them. Tests should continue to be done on the workers and their hearing protection to make sure that it still works.

In order to make sure that workers also take care of their own hearing, the workplace should also train workers to understand hearing health and how to keep their hearing healthy.

Nazi salute

The Nazi salute or Hitler salute is a gesture that was used as a greeting in Nazi Germany. The salute is performed by extending the right arm in the air with a straightened hand. Usually, the person offering the salute would say ""Heil Hitler!"" (Hail Hitler!), ""Heil, mein Führer!"" (Hail, my leader!), or ""Sieg Heil!"" (Hail victory!). 

It was adopted in the 1930s by the Nazi Party to show obedience to the party's leader, Adolf Hitler. It also gave honour to the German nation (and later the German war effort). 

The salute was required for all civilians. It was mostly optional for military personnel who retained the traditional salute until shortly after the failed assassination attempt on Hitler on July 20, 1944.

Use of this salute is currently a criminal offense in Germany, Italy, Japan, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria and Uzbekistan. In Switzerland, France, Canada, the Netherlands and Sweden, the salute is illegal hate speech if used for promoting Nazi ideology. In the United States, and most of the world (including Latin America, Brazil, Portugal, Spain, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Singapore, China, South Korea, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Norway, Denmark and Finland), use of the salute is not itself a criminal offense or constitutes hate speech, but contains discourteous phraseology if used for constituting Neo-Nazism.

Wengen

Wengen is a village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Stechelberg

Stechelberg is a small village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Coimbatore district

Coimbatore district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu. Its headquarter Coimbatore city is the second biggest city in the state of Tamil Nadu. Coimbatore district is one of the most industrialized district of Tamil Nadu in textiles, education, healthcare, information technology, manufacturing etc. As of 2011, Coimbatore district had a population of 34,58,045 and the literacy rate is 84%.

Coimbatore district was a part of the historical region of Kongu Nadu. It was ruled by the Cheras in the ancient period. Coimbatore is an important region between the Roman trade route that extended from Muziris to Arikamedu. In the 10th century, the medieval Cholas conquered the region. In the 15th century it was controlled by the Vijayanagara Empire. The Madurai Nayaks introduced the Palayakkars system after capturing Kongu Nadu region. It was divided into 24 palayams. Later this region came under the Kingdom of Mysore. After the defeat of Tipu Sultan in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War, the region was annexed with Madras prescidency.

Coimbatore played an important role in the Second Polygar War when the region was under Dheeran Chinnamalai. Coimbatore city was named the capital of newly formed Coimbatore district. It is said that the district comprised of modern-day Tiruppur, Erode, Karur, Nilgiris in Tamil Nadu, Palakkad in Kerala and Chamarajanagar in Karnataka.

Coimbatore district is in the Western part of Tamil Nadu state. The district is fed with many rivers. The rivers of Bhavani, Noyyal, Amaravathi, Kousika and Aliyar are the major rivers flowing through this district. The drinking water is sourced by the Siruvani Dam. Waterfalls in the district include Monkey Falls, Thirumoorthy Falls, Vaideki Falls, Sengupathi Falls and Chinnakallar Falls.

The Coimbatore district is near the Nilgiri Mountains, Anaimalai ranges and the Munnar ranges. Forests consist of 20% of the district's area. The main trees of these forests are the Teak, Sandalwood, Rosewood and Bamboo, which are used for commercial purposes. Wild Elephants, Tigers, Spot-billed Pelicans, Wild boar, leopards, Bison, Nilgiri tahr, Sloth bear animals are common in these regions.

The Coimbatore district had a population of 34,58,045 with literacy rate of 84% and sex ratio of 1000 females per 1000 males. The population also consists of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. Tamil is the principle language spoken in this region. The Tamil spoken here is known as Kongu Tamil, a variant of Tamil and English. Being near the border of the state, a small proportion of people speak Malayalam, Telugu and also Kannada. The majority religion is Hindu.

Valparai is a town in the Coimbatore district. It is in the mountain region and is an excellent tourist place. This town is also famous for tea plantations. Several waterfalls such as the Monkey Falls are in this district. Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary is in a valley between the Anaimalai Hills and Nelliampathi Hills. The Perur Pateeswarar temple, Vana Badhrakali Amman temple, Masani Amman Temple, Marudamalai Murugan Temple are famous temples present here. The mountains of the Western Ghats also run through this district.

Slime Rancher

Slime Rancher is an Indie open world first person life simulation game video game made by Monomi Park. The game was put on Steam Early Access on January 14, 2016, and released on August 1, 2017, supporting Windows, OS X, PlayStation 4, Xbox one, and Nintendo Switch.

The player controls a character called Beatrix LeBeau, a rancher who moves to another planet. The player must build their ranch to collect, raise and feed slimes who are Living creatures. The game is based around feeding slimes so they make "plorts" which the player can sell for Newbucks. Newbucks are used for lots of things like, upgrading the players ranch and Upgrading the player. The player uses their Vacpack which is used to store a certain amount of items.

Different slimes have different favorite foods. If you feed them their favorite foods they will drop more plorts. All foods can be grown including meats such as hen hens and other types of poultry. In order for you to grow meat you have to have a farm where the animals can reproduce. All vegetation can be grown on your land along with the animals. For a list of favorite foods of all the slimes click this link: list of favorite foods

A sequel named Slime Rancher 2 is in early access.

Reviews of this game have talked highly of it for its joyful atmosphere and bright colors. 

Soledad Giménez

Soledad Giménez Muñoz, also known as Sole Giménez (February 27, 1963 in Paris, Île-de-France) is a Spanish-French singer-songwriter. From 1983 until 2006, she was the leader of the jazz group Presuntos Implicados. Some of her best known songs are "Alma de blues", "Mi pequeño tesoro", and "Cómo hemos cambiado".

Throughout her career, she has performed with such artists as Joaquín Sabina, María Dolores Pradera, Joan Manuel Serrat, Herbie Hancock, Milton Nascimento, Randy Crawford, Armando Manzanero, Pancho Céspedes, Ana Torroja, Miguel Ríos, Ana Belén, Revólver, Los Piratas, Los Sabandeños, Dúo Dinámico, and Enrique Heredia.

Giménez was born and raised in Paris, France, where she lived until she was 5 years old. In 1968, she moved to Yecla, Region of Murcia, Spain, where her parents were from. Today she lives with her family in Valencia, Spain. 

In 1974, she became member of the Purisima's Basilica girls choir of Yecla.

In 1981, she moved to Valencia, where she began to study fine arts at Facultad de San Carlos.

Two years later, her brother convinced her to send a demo to the RNE's music contest: "Don Domingo" and she was selected to perform on the radio with her band, Presuntos Implicados. At that time, there were eleven people in the band.

As a professional singer, she was hired by the U.S. label RCA. Her first singles were "Miss Circuitos" and "Te voy a provocar", and her first LP album was "Danzad, danzad malditos".

In 2003, she left Presuntos Implicados and began her career as soloist. In 2004, she released her first solo album, "Ojalá".


Gisikon

Gisikon is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Greppen

Greppen is a municipality in the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is at the base of Mount Rigi. The exclave is separated by Lake Lucerne from the rest of the district.

Honau, Switzerland

Honau is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Arrondissements of the Hautes-Alpes department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Hautes-Alpes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Hautes-Alpes are:

Since its creation, the Hautes-Alpes department has had few changes:


Connecticut Compromise

The Connecticut Compromise (also known as the Great Compromise of 1787 or Sherman's Compromise) was an agreement that large and small states reached during the Constitutional Convention of 1787 that established a two-house legislature under the United States Constitution. It retained the bicameral legislature as proposed by Roger Sherman, along with proportional representation in the lower house. It required the upper house, United States Senate, to have two members from each state. The lower house, or House of Representatives, would have representation based on the population of a state.

Fort Sumter

Fort Sumter is a island fortification in Charleston, South Carolina. The fort was where the American Civil War began. On April 12, 1861, Confederate artillery opened fire on the fort. The Union garrison, under the command of Major Robert Anderson, surrendered the fort 34 hours later. Union forces attempted to take the fort back several times during the Civil War. The fort was abandoned by Confederate forces when the Union Army, under the command of Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman captured Charleston in February 1865.

President James Madison recommended a series of coastal defenses in a message to Congress on December 5, 1815. This began a system of forts known as the "Third Coastal Defense System". Congress agreed and construction began on these forts in 1816. One of the locations selected was in Charleston harbor. In 1829 construction began on a shoal in the harbor about west of Fort Moultrie. Over the next 16 years a artificial island was created using of rock and stone. When completed it was designed to house 650 officers and soldiers with 135 guns mounted on three rows, one above the next. All the guns would point towards the harbor. It was named for Brigadier General Thomas Sumter, a Revolutionary War hero.

In 1860 the fort was about 90% complete when work stopped after South Carolina seceded from the Union. In the early hours of April 12, 1861, a mortar shell exploded over the fort starting the Civil War. During the war, Fort Sumter remained in Confederate hands. From 1863 to 1865 Union forces laid siege to the fort. For 587 days Confederate soldiers held onto the fort, although by 1865 the fort had been completely destroyed by Union bombardments.

In 1870, the work of clearing the rubble started. The rebuilding of the fort was directed by General Quincy A. Gillmore. He had commanded the Union guns during the siege of the fort in 1861. But in 1876, the work stopped and the fort began to slowly deteriorate again. From 1876 to 1898, the fort served as a lighthouse.

In 1898, at the outbreak of the Spanish–American War, Army engineers began rebuilding again with a massive concrete battery in the center of the fort. It mounted two 12-inch gun M1895 costal guns. The construction was not completed until after the war. During World War I the two-gun battery (called "Battery Huger") was manned by the U.S. Army. By World War II the guns were obsolete. They were finally removed in 1943. Later in the war it became an Anti-aircraft battery. In 1948 the National Park Service took possession of the fort.

Today, the restored Fort Sumpter, along with the Visitor center and Education Center (both in Charleston) and Fort Moultrie are popular tourist attractions. The fort is accessible only by special ferries that depart from Liberty Square. The ride to the island takes about 30 minutes. There is also a ferry service from Patriots Point which has parking for recreational and taller vehicles. The monument is open to visitors 362 days a year. The restored fort is one level instead of the former three levels. Several of the brick walls still have artillery projectiles stuck in the masonry. The park museum has a scale model of the original fort. It houses the original 33-star U.S. flag that flew during the first bombardment. Also on display is the original flag of the South Carolina militia (called the Palmetto Guard) who took possession of the fort after the Union surrender.



Arrondissement of Briançon

The arrondissement of Briançon is a French arrondissement in the Hautes-Alpes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Briançon.

When the Hautes-Alpes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Briançon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Briançon is the most northern of the Hautes-Alpes department. It is bordered to the east by the Piedmont region (Italy), to the southeast by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the south by the Gap "arrondissement", to the west by the Drôme department and to the north by the Savoie department.

The "arrondissement" of Briançon is the smallest of the two "arrondissements" of the department both in area, , and population (35,752 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are four cantons in the "arrondissement" of Briançon and all have their communes in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Briançon has 37 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Prerogative

A prerogative is an exclusive power or privilege possessed by an official of a government or state as a part of his or her office. Under English law it is right of a sovereign, which in theory, has no restrictions. For example, the British monarch holds Royal prerogatives which have never been fully listed. In practice, they are usually used by ministers on behalf of the monarch. In the United States, the Constitution is written in such a way to allow executive prerogatives. Presidents use these powers to manage crises or to resolve disputes. Although nothing in the Constitution specifically gave him the power to do it, George Washington used executive prerogative to declare neutrality in the 1790s dispute between Great Britain and France. Thomas Jefferson used it to make the Louisiana Purchase. Abraham Lincoln used it many times during the American Civil War.

Arrondissement of Gap

The arrondissement of Gap is an arrondissement of France, in the Hautes-Alpes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital, and prefecture, is the city of Gap, the largest city in the department.

When the Hautes-Alpes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Gap was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Gap is in the southern half of the Hautes-Alpes department. It is bordered to the east and south by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the west by the Drôme department, to the north by the Isère department and to the northeast by the Briançon "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Gap is the largest of the two "arrondissements" of the department both in area, , and population (104,131 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 11 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Gap and all have their communes in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Gap has 130 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Cosgrove Hall Films

Cosgrove Hall Films (also known as Cosgrove Hall Productions) was a Manchester, UK production company begun by Brian Cosgrove. Cosgrove Hall Films produced various series and productions to 1970s, 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. The company was formed in 1976. They stopped creating shows in 2012.




T2 phage

T2 phage is more properly called Enterobacteria phage T2. It is a virulent bacteriophage which infects "Escherichia coli" bacteria. 
It contains linear double-stranded DNA, and is covered by a protective protein coat. T2 is a 'tailed phage', one of a group known as the 'T4-like viruses'.

The DNA of the phage is injected into "E. coli" cells. It quickly turns the "E. coli" cell into a T2-producing factory. New phages are released when the cell ruptures. 

The Hershey–Chase experiments, done by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase, showed how the DNA of viruses is injected into the bacterial cells, while most of the viral proteins stay outside. The injected DNA molecules cause the bacterial cells to produce more viral DNA and proteins. These discoveries showed that DNA, rather than proteins, is the hereditary material.

Rhyme royal

Rhyme royal is a seven-line stanza with rhyme scheme a-b-a-b-b-c-c. It is also spelled Rime royal.

It is unknown who invented this scheme. Geoffrey Chaucer introduced the stanza into English poetry in 14th century. It may have been borrowed from Italian or French poetry, but the form became typically English. Chaucer used the form in "Troilus and Criseyde". Rhyme royal was popular in the 15th and 16th centuries.

Many English and Scottish poets used rhyme royal. It is suitable for long poems. In English literature rhyme royal is almost always composed of ten-syllable lines with five beats. Outside England rhyme royal is not as popular. In the United States Emma Lazarus wrote some poems using ababbcc rhyme-scheme. This stanza comes form her poem "Sympathy" (included in "Epochs").

Poets who wrote rhyme royal frequently were William Morris and John Masefield. In 20th century the stanza went out of use.


Ottava rima

Ottava rima is a stanza of eight lines with the rhyme-scheme a-b-a-b-a-b-c-c.

Ottava rima is of Italian origin. It was used by many poets in Italy, Spain and Portugal in 15th and 16th centuries. Some of the poets to use this form were Ludovico Ariosto, Torquato Tasso, Alonso de Ercilla y Zúñiga and Luís Vaz de Camões. In England it was not so popular at that time. Later Lord Byron wrote "Don Juan" in ottava rima. An example can be found in Emma Lazarus's poetry:


Buëch

The Buëch () is a river in southeastern France, a right tributary of the Durance. It is also called the Grand Buëch in its upper course just to the confluence with the "Petit Buëch" river.

The Buëch river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Laragne-Montéglin in the Hautes-Alpes department, for a period of 15 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Laragne-Montéglin
The Buëch starts several kilometres to the east of "col de la Croix-Haute", a mountain pass in the western side of the "Massif du Dévoluy" mountains, in the "commune" of Lus-la-Croix-Haute, Drôme department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest and gets into the Hautes-Alpes department and then flows to the south.

Finally, the river flows into the Durance river, as a right tributary, near Sisteron, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department.

The Buëch flows through 3 departments and 23 "communes", in 2 regions:

The main tributaries of the Buëch river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Agnes Nixon

Agnes Nixon (December 10, 1922 - September 28, 2016) was an American actress, writer and producer. She was best known as the creator of soap operas, such as "All My Children", "One Life to Live" and "Loving". Nixon was also writer for "As the World Turns". She was the head-writer for "Guiding Light" and "Another World". Nixon was a pioneer in including subjects that were socially relevant into daytime television. She introduced subjects such as abortion, drug addiction and the Vietnam War into her stories.

Nixon was born in Chicago. She died at age 93 in Haverford, Pennsylvania. However, some sources claim Nixon was born in 1927.

Cultured meat

Cultured meat, also called synthetic meat, is meat grown in cell culture instead of inside animals. It is a form of cellular agriculture. Cultured meat is produced using many of the same tissue engineering techniques used in regenerative medicine. Up to now the cost to produce cultured meat has been extremely high. The first cultured beef burger patty, created by Dr. Mark Post at Maastricht University, was eaten at a demonstration for the press in London in August 2013.

Uranium trioxide

Uranium trioxide (UO), also called uranyl oxide, uranium(VI) oxide, and uranic oxide, is an oxide of uranium. UO is a hexavalent oxide, which means that the uranium in the compound has an oxidation state of +6. It can be formed by heating uranyl nitrate to 400 °C.

UO is a poisonous and slightly radioactive substance. It can be harmful if it is breathed in, ingested, or makes contact with skin.

Umutsuz Ev Kadınları

Umutsuz Ev Kadınları, is a Turkish comedy drama TV series, based on the American comedy drama TV series Desperate Housewives.

Richard Aldington

Richard Aldington (8 July 1892 – 27 July 1962), born Edward Godfree Aldington, was an English writer and poet.

Aldington was known best for his World War I poetry and the 1929 novel, "Death of a Hero". He was met with controversy from his 1955 "Lawrence of Arabia: A Biographical Inquiry". His 1946 biography, "Wellington", was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize.

He met the poet Hilda Doolittle in 1911 and they married two years later. They divorced in 1938.

Aldington joined the British Army in 1916. He served in the Royal Sussex Regiment. He was wounded on the Western Front.

Edwin Atherstone

Edwin Atherstone (1788-1872) was an English writer, poet and playwright.

Edwin Atherstone was born in Nottingham on 17 April 1788. He was one of fifteenth children of Hugh Atherstone and Ann Green. He learned in Yorkshire at Fulneck Moravian School. He lived with Mary Wainwright Pearson. They were never married, but had four children, three daughters and a son. Atherstone taught music at school in Taunton. He also collected paintings. The poet died in Bath on 29 January.

Edwin Atherstone wrote a lot. He published his first poem, named "Last Days of Herculaneum" in 1821. His best known work is the poem "The Fall of Nineveh". The poem was written for many years. First edition was published in 1828, and the last one in 1868. It is written in blank verse. It is over twenty thousand lines long. It consists of a prelude and thirty books. It tells about a war between Medes and Assyrians. The war took place some centuries before Christ. Main heroes are Arbaces, prince of Medes, Belesis, a priest and friend of Arbaces and Sardanapalus, a cruel king of Assyria. After many battles Medes got Nineveh, which was the capital city of Assyria. Sardanapalus put fire to his own palace and died inside. Sardanapalus is really a criminal. He ordered execution of one hundred war prisoners. He locked all his concubines in his palace so that they died in the fire. The other poems by Atherstone are "Israel in Egypt", about Moses and freeing Jews form slavery in Egypt, "Abradates and Panthea" and "A Midsummer Day's Dream". He also wrote two novels: "The Sea-Kings in England" (1830) and "The Handwriting on the Wall" (1858).

He was a close friend and associate of the painter John Martin, whose well-known painting "The Fall of Nineveh" was produced in conjunction with Atherstone's poem.



Yuzu

The yuzu is a citrus fruit and plant. It originated in East Asia. The fruit looks like a rough small and yellow grapefruit, and changes colour from green to yellow when it becomes more ripe.

The yuzu is often used in Japanese and Korean cuisine. It appears much like a lemon but tastes more like a floral lime.

Horw

Horw (Swiss German: "Horb") is a municipality in Lucerne-Land in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.


The Swiss Family Robinson

The Swiss Family Robinson (German: "Der Schweizerische Robinson") is a novel by Johann David Wyss. It was first published in 1812. The story is about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies while on their way to Port Jackson, Australia.

It was written by Swiss pastor Johann David Wyss, edited by his son Johann Rudolf Wyss and illustrated by his son Johann Emmanuel Wyss. The novel was intended to teach his four sons about family values, good husbandry, the uses of the natural world and self-reliance. Wyss' attitude toward education is in line with the teachings of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Many of the episodes have to do with Christian-oriented moral lessons such as frugality, husbandry, acceptance, cooperation, etc. The family includes the sons Fritz, Ernest, Jack and Franz. It also includes their mother and their father who is the main character and narrator. The adventures are presented as a series of lessons in natural history and the physical sciences. It resembles other, similar educational books for children in this period. Examples include Charlotte Turner Smith's "Rural Walks: in Dialogues intended for the use of Young Persons" (1795), "Rambles Further: A continuation of Rural Walks" (1796), "A Natural History of Birds, intended chiefly for young persons (1807)". But the novel differs in that it is modeled on Defoe's "Robinson Crusoe", a genuine adventure story. It presents a geographically impossible array of large mammals that probably could never have existed together on a single island.

Over the years there have been many versions of the story with episodes added, changed, or deleted. Perhaps the best-known English version is by William H. G. Kingston, first published in 1879. It is based on Isabelle de Montolieu's 1813 French adaptation and 1824 continuation (from chapter 37) "Le Robinson suisse, ou, Journal d'un père de famille, naufragé avec ses enfants" in which were added further adventures of Fritz, Franz, Ernest, and Jack. Other English editions that claim to include the whole of the Wyss-Montolieu narrative are by W. H. Davenport Adams (1869–1910) and Mrs H. B. Paull (1879).

Although movie and TV adaptations typically name the family "Robinson", it is not a Swiss name. The "Robinson" of the title refers to Robinson Crusoe. The German name translates as "the Swiss Robinson", and identifies the novel as belonging to the Robinsonade genre, rather than as a story about a family named Robinson.

The novels in one form or another have also been adapted numerous times, sometimes changing location and/or time period:

Book sequels

Film versions

Television series

Made for TV movies

Comic book series

Stage adaptations

Computer adventure game

Parody



Kriens

Kriens is a municipality in Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Barre des Écrins

The Barre des Écrins is a mountain in the French Alps. It is the highest peak of the "Massif des Écrins" and of the Dauphiné Alps mountain range. It is in the Écrins National Park (), one of the ten French national parks.

It is the only mountain or higher in France that is outside the Mont Blanc Massif. Before the annexation of Savoy, that was part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, in 1860, it was the highest mountain in France.

Barre des Écrins is in the northeast of the Hautes-Alpes department (commune of Pelvoux), Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeast France.

The south side of the mountain is rocky while the soil of the north side is covered with ice because here starts a glacier, the "Glacier Blanc".

Barre des Écrins is surrounded by four glaciers:

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made on 25 June 1864 by the Englishmen Adolphus Warburton Moore, Horace Walker and Edward Whymper, guided by Michel Croz from Chamonix and Christian Almer from Switzerland.

William Auguste Coolidge, a mountain climber from United States made the first direct climb up the north side of the Barre des Ecrins in July 1870.


Rubble

Rubble is broken stone, of irregular size, shape and texture. Unfinished stone from a quarry is called rubble. Rubble naturally found in the soil is known also as 'brash'. Where present, it becomes more noticeable when the land is ploughed or worked.

"Rubble-work" is a name applied to several types of masonry. One kind, where the stones are loosely thrown together in a wall between boards and grouted with mortar almost like concrete, is called in Italian "muraglia di getto" and in French "bocage". In Pakistan, walls made of rubble and concrete, cast in a formwork, are called 'situ', which probably derives from Sanskrit (similar to the Latin 'in situ' meaning 'made on the spot').

Walls that use large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling. They are laid at random and are held together with mortar. Where similar work is laid in courses, it is known as coursed rubble. Dry-stone walling is somewhat similar work done without the use of mortar. It is bound together by the fit of the stones and the regular placement of stones which extend through the thickness of the wall. A rubble wall built with mortar will be stronger if assembled in this way. Building foundations made of rubble almost always leak water and are damp.

Rubble walls () are found all over the island of Malta. Similar walls are also frequently found in Sicily and the Arab countries. The various shapes and sizes of the stones used to build these walls look like stones that were found in the area lying on the ground or in the soil. It is most probable that the practice of building these walls around the field was inspired by the Arabs during their rule in Malta, as in Sicily who were also ruled by the Arabs around the same period. The Maltese farmer found that the technique of these walls was very useful especially during an era where resources were limited. Rubble walls are used to serve as borders between the property of one farm from the other. A great advantage that rubble walls offered is that when heavy rain falls, their structure would allow excessive water to pass through and therefore, excess water will not ruin the products. Soil erosion is minimised as the wall structure allows the water to pass through but it traps the soil and prevents it from being carried away from the field. One can see many rubble walls on the side of the hills and in valleys where the land slopes down and consequently the soil is in greater danger of being carried away.


Francisco de Sá de Miranda

Francisco de Sá de Miranda (28 August 1481 – 17 May 1558) was a Portuguese poet.

Sá de Miranda was the first author of Renaissance in Portugal. He was born in Coimbra. His parents were Gonçalo Mendes de Sá and Inês de Melo. He learned Greek, Latin and philosophy at Santa Cruz Monastery. Then he went to Lisbon to study law at the university. He travelled to Italy, where he met many poets including Vittoria Colonna. When he returned to Portugal, he worked for the king.

His main merit for Portuguese literature is that he introduced Italian verse forms. Sá de Miranda was the first author to write sonnets in Portugal. His best known poem is the sonnet "O sol é grande, caem co'a calma as aves". It was translated into English by John Adamson in "Lusitania illustrata".


Alicia Machado

Alicia Machado (born December 6, 1976) is a Venezuelan-born American beauty pageant winner, singer and actress. She was Miss Universe 1996. She was the fourth woman from Venezuela to win the Miss Universe.

Before she was Miss Universe 1996, she was Miss Venezuela 1995.

In 2016, Machado became a United States citizen. Also in 2016, Machado spoke out against Donald Trump. She said that he had called her "Miss Piggy" because of her weight during her year as Miss Universe. She said that Trump also called her "Miss Housekeeping" because she was Latina.

Religious order

A religious order is a group of people who live in some way set apart from others, in accordance with their specific religious devotion. Their principles are usually created from their founder's religious practice. The order may comprise initiates (laity) and, in some traditions, ordained clergy. Religious orders exist in many of the world's religions. Many orders operate monasteries.

Gregorio Honasan

Gregorio Ballesteros Honasan II, better known as Gringo Honasan, is a retired Philippine Army officer. He led an unsuccessful coups d'état against President Corazon Aquino. He played a key role in the 1986 People Power Revolution that ended the rule of President Ferdinand Marcos.

President Fidel Ramos granted Honasan amnesty in 1992 for his actions against President Aquino. He entered politics and became a senator. In 2016 he ran unsuccessfully for vice president of the Philippines as Jejomar Binay's running-mate.

Nur Misuari

Nur Misuari, born Nurallaji Pinang Misuari, is a Moro revolutionary and politician. He is the founder and leader of the Moro National Liberation Front.

Ryder Cup

The Ryder Cup is a golf tournament. It is held between the United States and Europe every 2 years. 

The tournament was first held in 1927. The current venue is Hazeltine National Golf Club in Minnesota, USA.


Hazeltine National Golf Club

The Hazeltine National Golf Club is a golf club in Minnesota, USA. Guests are not allowed in unless accompanied by a member and it is a Championship Golf Club. It is named after Lake Hazeltine. It is a championship golf club.

Gali

Gali can refer to:


Indie game

An independent video game or indie game is a game made without money from a publisher. They often rely on digital distribution, some indie games have become very successful like Minecraft. 

Indie game has no true definition, but has certain features, they are often made by one person or a small team, often smaller than mainstream titles, often not getting money from a publisher. But being without a publisher means that they have no-one telling them what they can and can't do, giving them much more freedom to make a game they want to make. But making a Indie game does not mean they have no publisher. Indie game developers often go to crowd-funding sites to help fund the game, but often make very little profit.

Indie games started on PCs where it currently remains. Indie games become popular as shareware. But as better technologies came out people began to expect more from these small teams, indie games have seen a huge rise in the later half of the 2000s. 


Oscar Stanton De Priest

Oscar Stanton De Priest was an American Republican politician and civil rights advocate. He served as a U.S. Representative from the state of Illinois. During his three terms, he was the only African American serving in Congress.

De Priest proposed a law barring discrimination in the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). The CCC was program of the New Deal to employ people across the country in building infrastructure. His proposal was made a law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

In 1929, De Priest made national news. First Lady Lou Hoover invited his wife, Jessie, to a traditional tea for congressional wives at the White House. In reaction several newspapers published a racist poem called "Niggers in the White House". The poem was first published when Booker T. Washington dined with President Theodore Roosevelt.

Pinus pinaster

Pinus pinaster, also known as the maritime pine, cluster pine, or pinaster pine, is a pine native to the Mediterranean region.

Common names in some other languages are: 

The maritime pine is a large tree tree, that grows up to tall with an average trunk diameter of up to . The bark is orange-red and thick, but thinner in the upper parts of the tree.

The leaves ('needles') are in pairs, broad and long, and bluish-green to yellowish-green.

The maritime pine is monoecious with separate male an female flowers but on the same plant, in cones. The seeds are long, with a wing. Seeds are spread by the wind.

"Pinus pinaster" was described by William Aiton, a Botanist from Scotland, in 1789.

There are three subspecies of "Pinus pinaster" Aiton: 

The maritime pine is native to the southwest and southern Europe, North Africa in Morocco, and along the border between Algeria and Tunisia. It is mainly a pine of low, coastal plains, usually on sandy soils of sea shore dunes; however, in Morocco this species can grow in mountains to an elevation of near .

It has been introduced into regions with a similar Mediterranean climate.

The species is regarded as a highly invasive species. A large production of seeds that are spread by the wind and rapid growth rate all contribute to its ability to invade native habitats, which suffer a loss of species diversity. The maritime pine is reported to be an aggressive colonizer in Chile, Uruguay, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa

The maritime pine is widely planted for timber in its native area. It is one of the most important trees in forestry in France, Spain and Portugal. The pine forest in Landes in southwest France is the largest man-made maritime pine forest in Europe. The resin is also a source of turpentine and rosin.

As well as industrial uses, maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree, planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates.

It is also used as a source of flavonoids, catechins, proanthocyanidins, and phenolic acids.

Littau

Littau was a municipality in Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Littau merged into the city of Lucerne.

Malters

Malters is a municipality in the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Nevinnomyssk

Nevinnomyssk () is a city in Stavropol Krai, Russia. It is occupies both bank (geography)s of the Kuban River at its confluence with the Bolshoy Zelenchuk River, south of Stavropol. Population: 132,141 (2002 Census); 92,000 (1973); 40,000 (1959).

Giuseppe Natoli

Giuseppe Natoli Gongora di Scaliti (9 June 1815 – 25 September 1867) was an Italian lawyer and politician from the Mediterranean island of Sicily. He was Minister of Agriculture under Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour, in the first government of the Kingdom of Italy after unification in 1861.

Startup company

A startup company (startup or start-up) is a new and fast-growing company. They try to meet a marketplace need, offering an innovative product, process or service.

A start-up is usually a small business, a partnership or an organization. Rapid growth is what they aim for. Often, startup companies use the internet, e-commerce, computers, and telecommunications.

The term became fashionable in the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s, when a great number of internet-based companies were formed.

Meggen, Switzerland

Meggen is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Meierskappel

Meierskappel is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Root, Switzerland

Root is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schwarzenberg, Switzerland

Schwarzenberg is a municipality in the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Udligenswil

Udligenswil is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Mount &amp; Blade II: Bannerlord

Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord is an upcoming medieval action role-playing game made by TaleWorlds Entertainment. The game was announced in 2012. It is a sequel to .

The game is set 200 years before "Mount & Blade: Warband." It takes place during the decline of the Calradian Empire and the making of the kingdoms in "Mount & Blade: Warband." The look of the armour, Weapons and buildings will draw from 600 to 1100 A.D.

Bannerlord will have six main factions, each with they own clans who have different goals, as well as smaller factions.

In September 2012, Taleworlds announced the game was in the making and released the trailer.

The game's graphics have been heavily upgraded, the animations have also been upgraded. There are also some new Gameplay features like better inventory system and better artificial intelligence. The current game and features were shown during 2015 Gamescom. In March 2016 40 minutes of gameplay was shown to PC gamer.

Jose Maria Sison

José María Canlás Sison (February 8, 1939 – December 16, 2022) is a writer and activist. He founded the Communist Party of the Philippines.

Sison was arrested during the Ferdinand Marcos presidency. He was imprisoned for almost 9 years. Corazón Aquino released him from prison. Sison went into exile in the Netherlands.

His experience in prison was described in "Prison & Beyond", a book of poetry released in 1986. It won the Southeast Asia WRITE award for the Philippines.
On December 16, 2022, the Communist Party of the Philippines alongside its news organ "Ang Bayan" announced the death of Jose Maria Sison after two weeks of confinement in a hospital in Utrecht, Netherlands.

Mengistu Haile Mariam

Mengistu Haile Mariam (born 21 May 1937) is an Ethiopian politician. He was an important officer in the Communist military junta that governed Ethiopia from 1974 to 1987. He was President of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991.

Mariam was a dictator. It is estimated that he was responsible for 500,000 to over 2,000,000 deaths. In May 1991 Mariam left the country for Zimbabwe. The Ethiopian Civil War ended when he left.

In 2010, Mengistu announced the publication of its memoirs. In early 2012, a manuscript of the memoir, titled Tiglachin ("Our Struggle" in Amharic), was leaked on the Internet. A few months later, the first volume leaked was published in the United States and in 2016, the second volume followed. This time it was published in Ethiopia. Mengistu accused the ERP remains of having published the first volume to sabotage its publication.

B. J. Vorster

Balthazar Johannes Vorster was a South African politician. He served as the Prime Minister of South Africa and State President of South Africa. He is commonly known as John Vorster.

Vorster believed in apartheid. He was part of a group who sentenced Nelson Mandela to life imprisonment.

Vitznau

Vitznau is a municipality in the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It occupies a narrow strip between the lake and the Rigi looming behind; one of the mountain railways to the summit starts in Vitznau.


Weggis

Weggis is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is on the northern shore of Lake Lucerne.


Sursee District

Sursee is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the town of Sursee.

It contains the following municipalities:


Beromünster

Beromünster is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Since 2004, Schwarzenbach part of the municipality.

On 1 January 2009 Gunzwil became part of Beromünster.

On 1 January 2013 the Neudorf became part of Beromünster.


Büron

Büron is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Buttisholz

Buttisholz is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Eich, Switzerland

Eich is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.

Geuensee

Geuensee is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Grosswangen

Grosswangen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Gunzwil

Gunzwil was a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

In 2009, it became part of the municipality of Beromünster.

Hildisrieden

Hildisrieden is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Knutwil

Knutwil is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Mauensee, Lucerne

Mauensee is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Lake Mauensee is in the municipality


Cachapoal Province

Cachapoal Province () is one of three provinces of the central Chilean region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins (VI). Its capital is the city of Rancagua.

The province is named after the Cachapoal river that flows through the province from east to west.

The Cachapoal province has an area of , the largest province in the O'Higgins region.

Cachapoal is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Santiago Metropolitan region, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Colchagua province and to the west by the Cardenal Caro province.

Most of the province is in the valley of the Cachapoal river; it is region where grapes are grown to produce wine.

The people from the province are called "Cachapoalino" (women: "Cachapoalina").

The largest city of the province is Rancagua, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 206,971 inhabitants, followed by the city of Rengo (30,891 inhabitants).

As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 17 communes ("comunas"). The city of Rancagua serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Hair tie

A hair tie, also known as a ponytail holder, or hair band, is an accessory used to hold back long hair, particularly away from areas such as the face. This is usually done as part of a hairstyle, such as pigtails, ponytails, or afro puffs.

Hair tie's elasticity and durability varies according to the material or materials from which they are made. Most hair ties are made of elastic, wool, rubber, or stretchy cotton. A specific type of hair tie is known as a scrunchie. Scrunchies are hair ties that are covered with fabric. 

Wrath of the Titans

Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 American-British-Spanish fantasy-adventure film directed by Jonathan Liebesman. It is a sequel to Clash of the Titans, and stars Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Rosamund Pike, Ralph Fiennes, Édgar Ramírez, Toby Kebell and Bill Nighy. The film takes place ten years after the events of the first film and involves Perseus battling to save Zeus-who is being held captive in the Underworld-as well as defeat the Titans (who have broken free from Tartarus thanks to the gods losing control of them while their immortality is draining) and save mankind. Like its predecessor it gained poor critical reviews, but was commercially successful. A sequel called "Revenge of the Titans" was in production but later scrapped.

Ten years after battling the Kraken, Perseus (Sam Worthington) lives a simple life as a widower fisherman raising his son Helius (John Bell). Zeus (Liam Neeson) visits Perseus, asking for help, revealing that Kronos, the leader of the Titans, is escaping from the Underworld and the walls of Tartarus-where the Titans are imprisoned-are crumbling thanks to humanity's lack of prayers which is also causing the gods' immortality to drain. Perseus declines, valuing his family's safety.

Zeus travels to the underworld where he meets his brothers Hades (Ralph Fiennes) and Poseidon (Danny Huston) and son Ares (Édgar Ramírez). He asks for Hades' help in rebuilding the walls of Tartarus, but he rejects the offer and attacks Zeus. Ares betrays his father, imprisons him and steals his thunderbolt. Hades and Ares plan to make a deal with Kronos: they will drain Zeus's divine power to revive him in exchange for remaining immortal. The walls of Tartarus crumble and the Titans are unleashed.

After battling a chimera which attacked his village, Perseus travels to the underworld to meet Zeus. He instead discovers Poseidon, who is severely wounded and, after informing of the circumstances, tells Perseus to find his demigod son Agenor (Toby Kebbell), who will lead him to the blacksmith god Hephaestus (Bill Nighy). Poseidon gives Perseus his trident and dies of his injuries, crumbling into dust.

Perseus, Andromeda (Rosamund Pike) and Agenor travel to a hidden island to find Hephaestus. Agenor explains that Hephaestus the weapons that Zeus, Poseidon and Hades use; the thunderbolt, trident and pitchfork and these weapons can form the Spear of Trium, which can destroy Kronos.

Gurnard

Gurnard may refer to:



Macy's

Macy's (originally R. H. Macy & Co.) is a North American department store chain, originally headquartered in New York until 1994. The company expanded through buyouts of various department stores and companies. Macy's status as an independent company ended in 1992 after filing for bankruptcy. The company was later bought by Cincinnati-based Federated Department Stores in 1994. The company moved its headquarters to Cincinnati that year. From 1995-2005 Federated began to fold its less popular chains such as Stern's, Lazarus and many others into Macy's. In 2005 Macy's acquired rival The May Department Stores Company creating the nation's largest department store holding company, with over 800 locations. On September 9, 2006 Macy's became a national brand after Federated retired the former May regional chains. In 2007 Federated announced it would re-brand to Macy's, Inc. as an effort to focus on the Macy's name. As of 2016 Macy's has stores in 45 states.

Macy's has fully retreated from Asia and China after it announced plans to close down its online retail store on Alibaba's Tmall marketplace except for the Arabic-speaking Middle East region.

Scotland, Connecticut

Scotland is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, in the United States. In 2020, 1,576 people lived there. Scotland is a rural town. It has many farms. The town has the fewest people in the county.

Colchagua Province

The Colchagua Province () is one of three provinces of the central Chilean region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins (VI).

Its capital is the city of San Fernando.

The Colchagua province has an area of , the second largest and the most southern province of the O'Higgins region.

Colchagua is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Cachapoal province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Curicó province (Maule region) and to the west by the Cardenal Caro province.

The Tinguiririca volcano is in this province near the border with Argentina, in the Andes. It was near this volcano that the Uruguayan Air Force Flight 57 crashed in 1972 with its survivors lost for seventy-two days.

The people from the province are called "Colchagüino" (women: "Colchagüina").

The largest city of the province is San Fernando, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 49,519 inhabitants.

As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 10 communes ("comunas"). The city of San Fernando serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Azov

Azov is a town at the mouth of the Don River in Rostov Oblast. It is on the east end of the Sea of Azov and about 80 thousand people live there. It was a Greek colony in the third century BC. 

Neudorf, Lucerne

Neudorf was a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Neudorf merged into the municipality of Beromünster.

Neuenkirch

Neuenkirch is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Sempach Station, Hellbühl, Nellen, Werligen, Klosterhöfli, Klösterli, Lippenrüti, Trutigen, Sellenboden, Neuhus, Weiherhüsli, Rippertschwand, Helfenstegen, Moosschür, Wartensee, Adelwil, Gottsmännigen, Mettenwil and Brämenstall.


Filippo Juvarra

Filippo Juvarra was an architect from Italy who lived from 1678 to 1736. He was born in Messina. He designed many famous buildings, especially churches and palaces. 

Here is a list of some buildings he designed:

Nottwil

Nottwil is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is on the southern shore of Lake Sempach ("Sempachersee").


Hurricane Matthew

Hurricane Matthew was an Atlantic hurricane. This storm developed on September 28, 2016. It threatened Jamaica, Cuba, the Dominican Republic and the Bahamas. Matthew hit Haiti on October 4, 2016. It struck Cuba later that evening.

The storm was the first Category 5 hurricane in the Atlantic since 2007's Hurricane Felix. Its peak winds were 160 miles per hour.

Matthew was forecast to affect the Southeastern United States from Florida to eastern North Carolina. It was also forecast to threaten New England at first. The forecast changed and later excluded New England.

The storm caused more than 1,600 deaths in Hispaniola and the Caribbean. In the United States, there were 49 deaths. The Dominican Republic had four deaths from Matthew.

Damage in Haiti was estimated at just over $1 billion (2016 USD).

Oberkirch, Switzerland

Oberkirch is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is located southwest of Lake Sempach "(Sempachersee)".


Pfeffikon, Switzerland

Pfeffikon is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Pfeffikon merged into the municipality of Rickenbach.


Life simulation game

A life simulation game is a kind of role-playing game or RPG where the player takes on a god-like perspective of the game. Unlike most RPGs, which progress

at the player's speed, a life simulation game continues automatically. "SimAnimals" is an example of a life simulation game.

Zenón Díaz

Zenón Díaz was an Argentinian football player. He was the first native footballer in Argentina national football team. He played all his career in Rosario Central.

He started as a goalkeeper in 1903. Later, Díaz played as a defender, becoming in one of the most famous footballer of amateur era. He played around 150 games and scored 8 goals. He won 4 national titles and 7 locals titles with the "canallas". He also worked at the Central Argentine Railway.

He was the first native player in Argentina national team. His first match was in 1905 versus Nottingham Forest. Later he played in several cups against Uruguay, and participated in the first South American Championship (1916).



Ronssoy

Ronssoy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Ronssoy is north of Saint-Quentin, on the D6 road.

Acheux-en-Amiénois

Acheux-en-Amiénois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010, the population was 569.

Agenville

Agenville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 106.

Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher

Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 881.

Ailly-sur-Somme

Ailly-sur-Somme is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The town is 5 miles to the west of Amiens. It is in the valley of the Somme River.

Airaines

Airaines is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northwest of Amiens, about south of Abbeville.

Aizecourt-le-Bas

Aizecourt-le-Bas is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northwest of Saint-Quentin.

Aizecourt-le-Haut

Aizecourt-le-Haut is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northeast of Saint-Quentin.

Albert, Somme

Albert is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

It is about halfway between Amiens and Bapaume.

Allaines

Allaines is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about northeast of Saint-Quentin.

Allenay

Allenay is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about 5 km from the English Channel. It is on the border of the departments of the Somme and Seine-Maritime.

Allonville

Allonville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is north of Amiens.

Andainville

Andainville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is south of Abbeville.

Andechy

Andechy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is southeast of Amiens.

Argœuves

Argœuves is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is north of Amiens. The Somme River is away.

Arguel, Somme

Arguel is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is west of Amiens.

Battlefield 1

Battlefield 1 is a first-person shooter video game made by EA DICE and published by EA. This is the fourteenth battlefield game. The game was released on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, on October 21, 2016.

This game is a first-person shooter which is built around teamwork. This game is set in World War I and is based on historic events. The player uses weapons from World War I. DICE changed how melee combat worked and added new weapons. The player can also use many vehicles used in World War I.

The campaign, according to Daniel Berlin the game's designer, is larger with more open environments, with more option in the levels. The player controls multiply people during the game, when the character they play as dies, they will become another.

The game's multiplayer is planned to allow 64 players. The new squad system will allow a group of players to join and leave games together. Multiplayer maps are based on World War I location. The game will launch with nine maps and six game modes.

Assault - The demolition man of BF1 uses submachine guns and shotguns and is the best for anti-armor and close range firefights.

Medic - The healer of BF1 uses semi-auto/Fully automatic Rifles] and can revive dead teammates and Healing them

Support - Suppressor of BF1 uses Light/Heavy machine guns] can Resupply people (uses mortars and repair tool and limpet_mines

Neutrality (international relations)

A neutral country is one that chooses not to take part in a War between other countries in international relations. International law allows a country to remain neutral during a period of war between two or more states. When a country declares it is neutral, it cannot allow any part of its territory to become a base for one side. It may not construct warships, recruit soldiers or organize military expeditions on behalf of one belligerent. It is also called "armed neutrality" when declaring itself neutral during a war. This is not the same as "neutralization", or permanent neutrality. A neutral country is also different from the neutrality claimed by non-governmental organizations (NGOs) or United Nations peacekeeping groups.

An example of permanent neutrality would be the Vatican City. It declared itself permanently neutral in the 1929 Lateran Treaty.
Having a long history of remaining neutral, Switzerland became a favorite place for the headquarters of many organizations. The International Red Cross established itself at Geneva during the mid-19th century. Switzerland was recognized as remaining neutral in a 1920 declaration by the League of Nations, also headquartered in Geneva. When the League was disbanded after World War II it was replaced by the United Nations. While Switzerland did not join the UN, in addition to recognizing its neutrality it was also given permanent observer status.

"Note: Whether a state that is a member of the European Union may be considered neutral is a point of debate. This is discussed in the section below."


English law

English law, also called common law, is the legal system of England and Wales. It is generally divided into criminal law and civil law. It spread to many parts of the former British Empire including Australia, Canada (except Quebec which uses civil law), the United States (except Louisiana which uses civil law) and New Zealand, and many other countries. There are about 80 countries worldwide that use mainly common law systems. About 150 countries use the civil law system.

English law is unique in that it is based on applying legal precedent to present and future decisions made by judges. A judge must follow past legal decisions made by higher courts but not necessarily those made by lower courts. English law is not based on a constitution and there is no codification of laws. However, there are unofficial publications that provide organized lists of current laws. Parliament has the power to create laws which are automatically considered valid and may not be reviewed by the courts. Only Parliament has the power to change a law.

Written in about 602, the Law of Æthelberht (Athelbert of Kent) is the oldest example of Anglo-Saxon law, or of law in any Germanic language. Anglo-Saxon law was based on Ancient Germanic law which was a system of laws based on kinship. The kinship group was responsible for the acts of their members as well as for their protection. Wrongs against another were paid by Weregild, a value placed on every person and piece of property. By the 10th century these had changed into a system of hundreds. No longer based on kinship, they organized themselves to protect others in the hundred and to enforce the laws. A hundredsmann was in charge of a hundred and was responsible to see that all disputes were settled.

In 1066, the Norman conquest of England brought with it many changes in the law. While much of Anglo-Saxon law was kept, new laws were added over time by the Normans. Before the Norman invasion, most laws in England were local laws and enforced by local courts. Royal courts were introduced They did not take over local laws right away, but did so over a period of time. The royal courts took the best of the local laws and used them throughout England. This established English common law, or a system of laws "common" to the entire country. By this time a second court system developed known as equity and administered by the Court of Chancery. Equity addressed situations not covered by common law. Examples of equity decisions include imposing a lien, correcting a property line or ordering someone to do something to prevent damage. 

The 18th century legal scholar, William Blackstone, wrote a four-volume "Commentaries on the Laws of England" which for the first time provided a complete overview of English law. Originally published 1765–1769, it has since been republished many times. Used well into the 19th century, his Commentaries were the main instruction tool in learning the law in both England and America. Abraham Lincoln read Blackstone's Commentaries as part of teaching himself the law.

The jury system probably came to England just after the Norman conquest. At first, jurors acted as witnesses in court. But over time, certainly by the reign of Henry II of England, they became the trier of fact in a court case. Juries began to deliberate the evidence provided by the parties in a dispute. Over time, jurors were told less and less about a case before a trial and learned what they needed to make a decision in court.

Unlike Scotland and Northern Ireland, Wales is not a separate jurisdiction in the United Kingdom. The old laws of Wales within the Kingdom of England were abolished by King Henry VIII's Laws in Wales Acts. This brought Wales into legal conformity with England. Between 1746 and 1967, any reference to England in legislation included Wales. This ceased with the enactment of the Welsh Language Act 1967. The jurisdiction is now commonly referred to as "England and Wales". Although Wales has a degree of political autonomy, it did not have the ability to pass primary legislation until the Government of Wales Act 2006 came into force after the 2007 Welsh general election. Even so, the Welsh legal system remains English common law. This is different from the situation of Northern Ireland. It did not stop being a distinct jurisdiction when its legislature was suspended. A major difference is also the use of the Welsh language, as laws concerning it apply in Wales and not in the rest of the United Kingdom. The Welsh Language Act 1993 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It put the Welsh language on an equal footing with the English language in Wales with regard to the public sector. Welsh may also be spoken in Welsh courts.

In England, there is a hierarchy of sources, as follows:




Travis County, Texas

Travis County is a county in south central Texas. The population was 1,290,188 at the 2020 census. It is the fifth-most populous county in Texas. Its county seat is Austin. Austin is also known as the capital of Texas.

The county was established in 1840. It is named for William Barret Travis. Travis was the commander of the Republic of Texas at the Battle of the Alamo.

Travis County is part of the Austin-Round Rock Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located along the Balcones Fault. The physical boundaries of Austin are the Edwards Plateau to the west and the Blackland Prairie to the east.

Rickenbach, Lucerne

Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Pfeffikon merged into the municipality of Rickenbach.


Ruswil

Ruswil is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Merzenberg, Hunkelen, Ziswil, Holz, Grofenhusen, Buholz, Rüediswil, Sigigen, Werthenstein-Unterdorf.


Arrondissements of the Alpes-Maritimes department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Alpes-Maritimes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Alpes-Maritimes are:

Since its creation, the Alpes-Maritimes department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Grasse

The arrondissement of Grasse is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-Maritimes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Grasse.

When the Alpes-Maritimes department was created on 1793, Grasse was part of the Var department. It became an "arrondissement" of the Alpes-Maritimes department in 1860.

The "arrondissement" of Grasse is the most southern of the Alpes-Maritimes department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Nice "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Var department.

The "arrondissement" of Grasse is the smallest in area of the two "arrondissements" of the department, , but the one with a higher population (560,045 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Grasse, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nice-3 and Vence. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Grasse has 62 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Nice

The arrondissement of Nice is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-Maritimes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Nice.

When the Alpes-Maritimes department was created on 1793, Nice was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nice is the most northern of the Alpes-Maritimes department. It is bordered to the northeast and east by the Piedmont region (Italy), to the southeast by the Liguria region (Italy), to the south by the Mediterranean Sea, to the southwest by the Grasse "arrondissement" and to the west by the Var department.

The "arrondissement" of Nice is the largest in area of the two "arrondissements" of the department, , but the one with fewer people living in it (523,267 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Nice, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nice-3 and Vence. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Nice has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Schenkon

Schenkon is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.



Schlierbach, Switzerland

Schlierbach is a municipality of the district Sursee of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Sempach

Sempach is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is the home to the Sempach Bird Observatory.

It is on Lake Sempach.

Steinibühlweiher is located above the town.


Sursee

Sursee is a city of the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is the capital of the district of Sursee.

It is at the northern end of Lake Sempach.


Superalloy

A superalloy, or high-performance alloy, is a metal alloy that has several key characteristics. These include excellent resistance to high temperatures and corrosion or oxidation. The term was first used after World War II. They were developed for use in jet engines and gas turbines. About 75% of superalloys are used in aerospace engineering.

The Age of Extremes

The Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century, 1914–1991 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm, published in 1994. In it, Hobsbawm comments on what he sees as the disastrous failures of state communism, capitalism, and nationalism. He is also skeptical of the progress of the arts and changes in society in the latter half of the twentieth century.

Hobsbawm calls the period from the start of World War I to the fall of the Soviet Union "the short twentieth century". This is to follow on "the long 19th century", the period from the start of the French Revolution in 1789 to the start of World War I in 1914. The Age of Extremes is the last in his series of books that include ("", "", ""). In the United States, the book was published with the subtitle "A History of the World, 1914–1991".

Triengen

Triengen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2005, the former municipalities of Kulmerau and Wilihof merged into the municipality of Triengen. Since 2009, Winikon part of the municipality.


ShelterBox

ShelterBox is an international disaster relief charity that provides temporary shelter and life saving supplies to displaced families. ShelterBox sends a package that typically contains a tent designed to withstand extreme weather conditions. It also has a water purification kit, blankets, tools, and other things needed to help a family survive after a disaster. The contents of a ShelterBox are designed for the nature and location of the disaster.


Château de Blois

The Royal Château de Blois (French: "Château Royal de Blois") is a palace in France. It is in the center of the city of Blois in the Loir-et-Cher Department. It has been the home for several French kings. 

The château is made of several buildings constructed from the 13th to the 17th century around the main courtyard. It has 564 rooms and 75 staircases although only 23 were used frequently. There is a fireplace in each room. There are 100 bedrooms.

The château is now owned by the town of Blois and is a tourist attraction.


Winikon

Winikon was a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

In 2009, it became part of the municipality of Triengen.

Willisau District

Willisau is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Willisau.

It contains following municipalities:


Altishofen

Altishofen is a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020 the municipality of Ebersecken became part of Altishofen.


Growth medium

A growth medium or culture medium is a solid or liquid containing nutrients. It is designed to support the growth of microorganisms or cells, or small plants like moss.
There are different types of media for growing different types of cells.

There are a wide range of growth media used in biology. Some of the basic types are:


Cime du Gélas

Cime du Gélas () is a high mountain on the boundary between France (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region) and Italy (Province of Cuneo).

It is the highest peak of the Mercantour National Park () and of the Alpes-Maritimes department, while on the Italian side it is part of the Maritime Alps Natural Park ("Parco naturale delle Alpi Marittime").

The name of the mountain comes from the Occitan verb "gelà" that means "to freeze" because the glaciers that are in the northern side; the glaciers have reduced their sizes during the late 20th century but they are still there.

Cime du Gelàs is part of the Maritime Alps, southeast France. Geologically, it is part of the Mercantour-Argentera massif, and is mostly formed by gneiss.

The peak is composed of two smaller ones, divided by a gorge called "Sella del Gelàs". The highest peak is the northern one; it is the easier to climb and has, on the top, a small wood sculpture of the Madonna and a cross on the top that was built here by order of priests from Cuneo.

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made on 1864 by Paolo di Saint-Robert. in 1894, Victor de Cessole was the first to climb the mountain in winter.


John Martin (painter)

John Martin (19 July 1789 – 17 February 1854) was an English romantic painter. 

John Martin was born in Haydon Bridge, Northumberland, on 19 July 1789. He was best known as an author of historical paintings. They were mostly inspirated by the Bible and poetical works. Martin's works were usually landscapes with little drawings of people. He was a friend of the poet Edwin Atherstone. They both liked to paint scenes of mass destruction. 

After the Belgian government bought "The Fall of Ninevah", the Belgian Academy made Martin a member. He also was made a Knight of the Order of Leopold by the king of Belgium.

John Martin died in Douglas, Isle of Man on 17 February 1854.



Siagne

The Siagne is a short river that flows through the Var and Alpes-Maritimes departments, in southeastern France.

The Siagne river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 8.75 cubic metres per second at Pégomas, near Cannes.
The Siagne starts on the south side of the "Audibergue" mountain, in the "commune" of Escragnolles, Alpes-Maritimes department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest through the departments of Alpes-Maritimes and Var. For much of its length, it forms the border between the two departments.

Finally, the river flows into the Mediterranean Sea at the city of Mandelieu-la-Napoule.

The Siagne flows through 2 departments and 13 "communes", in one region:

The main tributaries of the Siagne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Lorenzo Ghiberti

Lorenzo Ghiberti (Florence, 1378 - 1 December 1455, Florence), born Lorenzo di Bartolo, was a sculptor, painter, and architect.



Al Nahyan

The Al Nahyan (pronounced 'an-nayāān) is the ruling family of Abu Dhabi and the senior rulers of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

György Ligeti

György Sándor Ligeti (28 May 1923 – 12 June 2006) was a composer from Hungary. He was an important composer of avant-garde music. His music influenced many other composers. Some of his most famous works are an opera called "Le Grand Macabre", a piece for orchestra called "Atmosphères", a piece for choirs called "Lux Aeterna", and a Requiem. Stanley Kubrick used parts of "Atmosphères", "Lux Aeterna", and the Requiem for the soundtrack of his movie "". Many other movies use pieces of Ligeti's music on their soundtracks.

Ligeti was born in Transylvania. His family were Hungarian Jews. His father and his brother died in the Holocaust. After World War II he studied music in Budapest at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music. He was a music teacher at the Franz Liszt Academy from 1950 to 1956. He also composed music at that time. Much of his music then was influenced by Hungarian folk music. He was also influenced by the music of Béla Bartók, another Hungarian composer. 

In 1956, the Soviet Union invaded Hungary. Ligeti decided to leave Hungary. He went to Vienna in Austria. He became a citizen of Austria but he also lived in Germany and in other countries. He composed his own music and he also taught other people how to compose music. He taught music composition in Stockholm, Sweden, at Stanford University in America, and at an important music school in Hamburg, Germany called the Hochschule für Musik und Theater. He retired from the Hamburg music school in 1989. Then he went back to live in Vienna. After 2000 his health was not good. Ligeti died in Vienna at the age of 83.

Ligeti was married two times. His first wife was Brigitte Löw. They were married in 1949. They were divorced in 1952. His second wife was Vera Spitz. He married her in 1952. She is a psychologist. Their son Lukas, born in 1965, is a composer.

Some of Ligeti's important pieces of music are:

Geo (microformat)

Geo is a microformat for marking up WSG84 geographical coordinates in (X)HTML.

Geo allows parsing tools to extract a location. The location can then be used in another website or mapping tool. It can also input into a GPS.

Njál's saga

Njáls saga or "The Story of Burnt Njáll") is a thirteenth-century Icelandic saga which describes events between 960 and 1020. It's theme is Christianity - with the Althing one man one night ponder decision for Iceland's Constitutional Conversion to the New Christian Creed in 1000 AD - and also with the natural "Christian", Old Njal, a good and decent owner who has bad pagan Chlidren, innocent and accepting dying a protomartyr's death for goodness in his perpretrated burning wood-house.

The principal characters are the friends Njáll Þorgeirsson, a lawyer and a sage, and Gunnar Hámundarson, a formidable warrior. Gunnar's wife starts a feud. This leads to the death of many characters over several decades. The central event is the killing of Njál by fire.

The saga deals with blood feuds in the Icelandic peoples. It shows how honor could lead to minor events spiralling into destructive and prolonged bloodshed. There are insults where a character's manhood is called into question. Another characteristic of the narrative is the presence of omens and prophetic dreams. This might reflect a fatalistic outlook on the part of the author.

A key feature of the writing is the valedictory, which is a farewell statement. Just before death, the character speaks his last.

The work is anonymous, and there is speculation about the author's identity. The major events of the saga are probably historical. The material was shaped by the author, drawing on oral tradition, according to his artistic needs. "Njáls saga" is the longest and most highly developed of the sagas of the Icelanders. It is often considered the peak of the saga tradition.

World Geodetic System

The World Geodetic System (WGS) is a standard for use in cartography, geodesy, and navigation including GPS.

It comprises a standard coordinate system for the Earth, a standard for raw altitude data, and a geoid that defines the "nominal sea level". The latest revision is WGS 84.

GfK Entertainment charts

The GfK Entertainment charts are the official music charts in Germany.

The charts are gathered and published by GfK Entertainment GmbH (formerly Media Control GfK International GmbH). GfK is an abbreviation for "Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung". GfK provides weekly top 100 lists.

Prometheus Global Media

Prometheus Global Media is a New York City-based media company.

The company owns and operates a number of major entertainment publications and their associated digital properties. These include "Adweek", "Backstage", "Billboard", "Film Journal International", and "The Hollywood Reporter".

Disk read/write head

When writing data to the disk, the data needs to be written to a certain position on the disk. This is done by a component called disk read/write head.

Dagmersellen

Dagmersellen is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.


Buchs, Lucerne

Buchs is a former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.

Uffikon

Uffikon was a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.

Ebersecken

Ebersecken was a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Ebersecken became part of Altishofen.

Thomas Kyd

Thomas Kyd (1558-1594) was an English playwright.

Kyd is the author of "The Spanish Tragedy". It was the most popular play of the time and many playwrights imitated it. A character in "The Spanish Tragedy" likely influenced Shakespeare when writing Hamlet. Kyd was one of the first users of blank verse in English literature.
""extraordinary dramatic (if not poetic) genius"".


LIGO

The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) is a large-scale physics observatory which detects cosmic gravitational waves co-founded by Scottish physicist Ronald Drever. They were first funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and were conceived, built and are operated by Caltech and MIT. 
The NSF has funded improvements for LIGO to increase sensitivity, which allowed them to make the first detection of gravitational waves. LIGO is the largest and most ambitious project ever funded by the NSF.

LIGO is an interferometer. It fires a laser beam and splits it into two laser beams. Mirrors bounce them back towards a light detector and merge them. Normally, the two laser beams should cancel each other, so the light does not reach the detector, but any changes in space-time caused by gravity waves can change the laser beams, so that they don't cancel out fully. When this happens, the light detector will see some of the laser light, which it can then use to work out the size of the space-time distortion.


Emma Lazarus

Emma Lazarus (22 July 1849 - 19 November 1887) was an American poet and playwright of Jewish origin.

Lazarus was one of seven children of Moses and Esther Nathan Lazarus. Her father's family came from Portugal. She became interested in Jewish tradition after reading "Daniel Deronda" by George Eliot. She never married, although she was considered a pretty woman. Emma Lazarus died of Hodgkin's lymphoma. 

Lazarus wrote many lyric poems. She used classic forms like rhyme royal and ottava rima (in the cycle named "Epochs"). She was especially good at writing sonnets. Her best known work is the sonnet "The New Colossus". It was placed at The Statue of Liberty in New York. She also translated into English poems by romantic German poet Henrich Heine. As a journalist she always protested against any kind of discrimination. 




Algonquin Provincial Park

Algonquin Provincial Park is a provincial park in Canada. It is the oldest provincial park in the province of Ontario, opened in 1893. It is very large at 7,653 square kilometres (2,955 square miles), and is the third largest provincial park in Ontario after Polar Bear and Wabakimi. The park contains many streams, lakes, rivers, and other water sources. Its forests are a mix of deciduous and coniferous. The variety of environments in the park makes it home to many species of plants and animals, and it is an important park for wildlife research. It is a very popular park with campers because of its size and how close it is to large cities such as Toronto and Ottawa.

In 1992 Algonquin Park became a National Historic Site of Canada.

Algonquin Park started as a logging area, where people would come to cut down trees. A group of loggers wanted to make the area a park because of how beautiful it was and to protect the animals that lived there. In 1892 a request was made by five members of the government asking for a park to be opened on the land. The next year in 1893 the park was officially made. It was the first provincial park in Ontario, but when it was opened it was called a national park. It was changed to a provincial park in 1913.

In 1896 a railway was built on the park. In 1898 cottages, lodges and camps started being sold to tourists, and in 1908 the first hotel in the park was built. The hotel was very popular. After that hotel opened others started being built.

The park is a very popular place for outdoor activities all year. Many people camp in campgrounds on the park. Fishing, hiking, horse riding and canoeing are other popular things to do. In winter people skate on the lakes, and the park opens their own skating rink.

There is also a museum, called the Algonquin Logging Museum, on the park. This museum tells people about the history of the park as well as the logging that happens today. There is a book store, exhibits with information about the park and a remade version of a logging camp from the late 1800s.

University of Trieste

University of Trieste ("Università degli Studi di Trieste") is a university in Trieste, Friuli-Venezia Giulia region, Italy. It was founded in 1924. The university is composed of 10 faculties.




Ladies' Code

Ladies' Code () was a South Korean girl group formed by Polaris Entertainment and 1TheK (formerly LOEN Music) in 2013. The group originally consisted of five members: Ashley, Sojung, EunB, Rise and Zuny. Their debut album was "Code#01".

They won the New Artist of The Year award at Gaon Kpop Chart Awards and the MBC music star award at MelON music awards.

On September 3, 2014, at 1:20 KST time, the group was involved in a car crash which killed members EunB and Rise, leaving the group as a trio.

In late 2015, Ladies' Code and the other Polaris artists held a memorial concert for the dead members.

In 2016, Ladies Code returned for the first time since the accident with the single album "Myst3ry".

Current members

Past members

Jan Kochanowski

Jan Kochanowski (; 1530 – 22 August 1584) was a Polish Renaissance poet, translator and playwright. He is generally regarded as one of the greatest poets in Polish literature.

Jan Kochanowski was born into a noble family in the village of Sycyna, Poland. His parents were
Piotr Kochanowski, a lawyer and judge, and Anna Białaczowska. Among their 11 children, two of Jan's brothers were also writers. He studied at the Jagiellonian University in Cracow. Then he attended the University of Königsberg (Królewiec), in Ducal Prussia, and Padua University in Italy. He returned to Poland in 1559. In 1563 he became a secretary at the royal court of Sigismund II Augustus. He married Dorota Podlodowska around 1575 and settled at the family estate at Czarnolas ("Blackwood"). Kochanowski is sometimes called "Jan z Czarnolasu" ("John of Blackwood"). He died of a heart attack in 1584 in the town of Lublin.

Jan Kochanowski wrote in Polish and Latin. He wrote "Fraszki", a cycle of epigrams, "Pieśni" ("Cantos") and "Treny" ("Laments"). The last work was written by the poet after death of his daughter Ursula. He lost another daughter, named Hanna, too. Kochanowski wrote also "Pieśń świętojańska o Sobótce" ("Midsummer Night's Song") and "Odprawa połów greckich" ("The Dismissal of the Grecian Envoys"). Many of his poems are free translations from Horace. Kochanowski translated "The Book of Psalms" and "Chess" by Marco Girolamo Vida. Kochanowski established rules of Polish versification and introduced sonnet to Polish poetry. Many poems by Kochanowski were translated into English.

The translator Piotr Kochanowski was Jan Kochanowski's nephew.


Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria

The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungary, and his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, happened on 28 June 1914 in Sarajevo. They were shot dead by Gavrilo Princip. 

Princip was one of a group of seven assassins (five from Serbia and one from Bosnia) from the Black Hand secret society. The political reason for the assassination was to break off Austria-Hungary's South Slav provinces so they could be combined into a new country, Greater Serbia. 

This led to the outbreak of war in Europe at the end of July 1914. Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia. Both country's allies became involved in the war. 


South Mills, North Carolina

South Mills is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Camden County, North Carolina, United States. Its population was 362 as of the 2020 census. South Mills has a post office with ZIP code 27976, which opened on March 2, 1840. The community is located near U.S. Route 17. U.S. Route 17 Business and North Carolina Highway 343 pass through the community.

The William Riley Abbott House, Dismal Swamp Canal, and Morgan House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Quantum tunnelling

Quantum tunnelling is a part of the theoretical branch of physics known as quantum mechanics. It states that electrons can behave like both particles and waves, and can cancel the effects of an energy barrier if the energy barrier is thin enough, due to quantum mechanics being dependent on probability. In other words, particles can travel through walls, doors, etc. if the door or wall is thin enough. The particle—usually a subatomic or quark particle such as an electron or photon—can become a wave to focus a great deal of energy on the barrier, ultimately negating it. There is also a non-zero chance that it could be found "inside" the barrier. However, this only noticeably works for subatomic particles, as the chance for macroscopic objects to do this is very, very low, small enough to not be thought about much.

Caazapá Department

The Caazapá department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Caazapá. Its code is PY-06.

Its name comes from Guarani "ka´aguy jehasapá", that means "beyond the forest".

People from the department are calle "Caazapeño" (women: "Caazapeña").

The Caazapá department is in the southeast of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . , the department has a population of 151,415 ( of the population of the country) for a population density of .

The Caaguazú mountain range crosses the department from east to west and divides the department in two regions: the northwestern region, with flat lands, and southeastern region, with small hills with forests.

The Tebicuary river flows from east to west in the south of the department; it serves as limit with the Itapúa department. The Tebicuary–mí river serves as limit with the Paraguarí department.

The protected areas in the department are the National park Caaguazú, the Golondrina Private Reserve and the Protected Wildlife Area Susu Island.


, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Caazapá was . The month with the most precipitation was October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Caazapá was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 11 districts:

Farming is the main economic activity in the department. The main crops are cotton and soybean. But cattle raising is the most important activity.



Olmec figurine

Olmec figurine is the name for figurines which were produced in Central America, from about 1000 BCE to about 500 BCE. Many come from the Olmec heartland, which is the gulf region of modern-day Mexico. Olmec figurines show the influence of the Olmec culture. In 2016, it is not known how far this influence extended. It is therefore possible that some of these figurines were produced by other people, who were influenced by the Olmec. 

Many of the figurines were found in household waste and in landfill used for construction. Outside the Olmec heartland they were also found in graves. often took these figurines. It is impossible to tell where the looted figurines are from. 

Most of the figurines are made from terracotta. Since terracotta is fragile, most only survive in parts. Wooden busts have been discovered in the site El Marati, but no figurines made of wood have been found. 

The figurines best known to the public are made of stone or minerals,such as jade, serpentine, greenstone or basalt. Figurines of stone or minerals are often carved, while those made of terracotta are simpler in design.

The figurines found show different motifs or designs:

Sigismund II Augustus

Sigismund II Augustus (1520-1572) was a Polish king, the last member of the Jagiellon dynasty. He was also the Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1548 to 1572.

Sigismund II Augustus was born in Kraków on 1 August 1520. He was the only son (he had sisters) of king Sigismund I the Old and his wife, Italian princess Bona Sforza. His great grandfather was Wladislaw II Jagiello, the founder of the dynasty. Sigismund II Augustus was crowned as a child on 20 February 1530 when his father was still alive (in Latin "vivente rege"). From 1544 he ruled in Lithuania. He was married three times but remained childless. He died on 7 July 1572 in Knyszyn. He was a Roman Catholic, but was known for his tolerance for Protestants.

When king Sigismund II Augustus received diplomats or made important decisions, he did so in the audience hall in the royal castle. This room was also called "Under the Heads" for the carved heads set in the ceiling. One of these was a woman's head. The legend says whenever he would make a decision she would speak in Latin (using rhyme and alliteration): "Rex Auguste, iudica iuste" ("King August, judge justly"). He followed her advice but after that her mouth was covered with a ribbon so she would never again interfere in royal decisions.


Yoshinori Ohsumi

Autophagy is the process that cells use to break down and recycle cellular components. This allows the orderly recycling of cellular components.

Ohsumi is a professor in Tokyo Institute of Technology's Frontier Research Center. He got the Kyoto Prize for Basic Science in 2012.

Autophagy

Autophagy (which means "eating itself"), is one of the basic cell mechanisms. It allows the controlled breaking down of cell parts which do not work, or are not needed. The cell parts can then be recycled as required. 

There are several ways this happens. Targeted cell parts may be isolated from the rest of the cell in an "autophagosome" (a double-membraned vesicle). The autophagosome fuses with lysosomes and the contents are broken down and recycled. In the extreme case of starvation, the breakdown of cellular components promotes cellular survival by maintaining cellular energy levels.

The name "autophagy" was coined by Belgian biochemist Christian de Duve in 1963. The identification of autophagy-related genes in yeast in the 1990s let researchers figure out the mechanisms of autophagy. This led to the award of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Japanese researcher Yoshinori Ohsumi.

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński (c. 1550 – c. 1581) was a Polish nobleman and poet. He is generally regarded as one of the most important Polish writers and the first representative of Baroque in Poland.

Little is known about life of Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński. He was born around 1550 in the village of Zimna Woda near Lviv (today in Ukraine, then in the Kingdom of Poland). He was a member of Protestant family. He was the son of Joachim Sęp called Szarzyński. He studied abroad in Germany at universities of Wittemberg and of Lepzig. Then he continued his studies at the University of Padua in Italy.

Szarzyński is believed to have become a Roman Catholic, but some scholars are not convinced of that.

Szarzyński's poems were written probably in the years 1568-1581. They were published by the poet's brother in 1601. The book was named "Rytmy abo wiersze polskie" (Rhythms or Polish Verses).

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński did not write many poems. All his published works can be printed on one hundred pages. He wrote in Polish and in Latin. He wrote six sonnets and some other poems, cantos and epitaphs. His poetry focuses on religious themes. Thus it is similar to Sebastian Grabowiecki's work.

Szarzyński shaped his sonnets according to a French scheme that is abba abba cdcd ee. Julian Krzyżanowski, editor of Szarzyński's poems, points out the use of alliteration in them.

Szarzyński's poems were translated into English by Steven Clancy and Richard Sokoloski.


Great Green Wall

The Great Green Wall of Africa is a strip of trees being planted across Africa to stop the Sahara desert from moving south. The Sahara desert moving south is affecting countries such as: Niger, Chad, Sudan, Mali and many more. The expansion of desert areas may affect the lives of up to 19 million people, including more than 1 million children. 

The strip of trees is planned to be about 15 kilometers wide. 

Unfortunately some people, when they see these trees, gather wood as timber for them to make fire or other uses. 

California's Gold

California's Gold is a public television travel program that explores the natural, cultural, and historical features of the state of California. The series ran for 18 seasons from 1994 to 2012. There were 443 episodes. It was produced and hosted by Huell Howser for its entire run. The minimal production allowed locations and people to remain the focal point of the program. The series stopped after Howser's death in 2013, although reruns have continued to air after his death.

The series' theme song varies between several renditions of "California, Here I Come," but was most often played on the series by local musicians Eddie Enderle and Richard Chon.


Taurine

Taurine is an organic compound. It is up to 0.1% of total human body weight, and is a main constituent of bile. Taurine is essential for the heart, the skeletal muscles, the retina, and the nerves. The body makes it from the amino acid cysteine.

Taurine comes from the Latin /taurus/ which means bull or ox. It was first extracted from ox bile in 1827.

Taurine is in fish and meat. The daily intake is around 58 mg (range from 9 to 400 mg). It is low or negligible from a strict vegan diet. Taurine intake is generally less than 200 mg/day.

Synthetic taurine is used to make some "energy drinks". Many contain 1000 mg per serving, and some as much as 2000 mg.


Wladyslaw I of Poland

Wladyslaw I of Poland (1261 2 March 1333) was the ruler who united Polish lands into one state at the beginning of 14th century.

Władysław was born probably in 1261. He was a son of duke Casimir of Kuyavia. He was the step-brother of duke Leszek the Black. He was called Łokietek, that means "the Short" or "Elbow-high".

At the time of his birth Poland was divided into many independent states. For years Władysław struggled to unite Poland into one strong state. He was at war with a powerful king of Bohemia, Wenceslaus II. His lands were also in danger of the Teutonic Knights who had seized the town of Gdansk. Despite all odds, Władysław united Greater Poland and lesser Poland and was crowned in 1320.

He had still to fight in defence of the country. In 1331 he defeated the Teutonic knights in the battle at Płowce. He was seventy then. He died two years later. His only son, Casimir III of Poland, succeeded him. Wladyslaw I was buried in the cathedral at Wawel Castle.

At the time of Władysław's reign many Germans lived in Polish towns. They opposed him and rioted against him. After the riot of Lord Mayor Albert Władysław ordered his soldiers to expel all Germans from the town. One of them asked Władysław, how to recognise a German. The duke ordered them to make everyone speak aloud the words "Soczewica, koło, miele, młyn" (that means "Lentil, wheel, grinds, mill"). A man who could not speak it correctly was regarded as a German.


Simone Biles

Simone Arianne Biles (born March 14, 1997) is an American artistic gymnast. Biles is the 2016 Olympic individual all-around, vault and floor gold medalist. She was part of the gold medal-winning team dubbed the "Final Five" at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She also won the bronze medal for the balance beam during the Olympics. Biles is a three-time world all-around champion (2013–15), three-time world floor champion (2013–15), two-time world balance beam champion (2014, 2015), four-time United States national all-around champion (2013–16), and a member of the gold medal-winning American teams at the 2014 and 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.

Having won a combined total of nineteen Olympic and World Championship medals, Biles is the most decorated American gymnast. She took this over from Shannon Miller, who had held this record since 1996. With her win in Rio, Biles became the sixth woman to have won an individual all-around title at both the World Championships and the Olympic Games. With four Olympic gold medals, Biles set a new American record for most gold medals in women’s gymnastics at a single game.

On April 22, 2023, she married American football player Jonathan Owens.

Corps of Topographical Engineers

The U.S. Army Corps of Topographical Engineers was established by the United States Congress in 1838. It was made up of only officers who were hand-picked graduates of the United States Military Academy at West Point. Their main purpose was to map and make military surveys for routes to the Pacific. They were at the center of the westward expansion of the United States between the War of 1812 and the American Civil War. They mapped the frontier regions of the West encouraging Americans to move into those areas. They laid out trails, roads, railroad routes and waterways. During the Civil War, the functions of the Corps of Topographical Engineers were transferred to the Army Corps of Engineers.

From 1777 to 1863, topographical engineers were used in the United States Army. In 1813, Congress authorized eight officers to be a part of the general staff. Each was to have the brevet rank and pay of a major in the U.S. Cavalry. They also authorized eight assistants, each with the brevet rank and pay of a captain in the U.S. Infantry. They formed the Topographical Bureau as a branch of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

In 1829, John James Abert, became the head of the Topographical Bureau. In 1838, he used his political influence to persuade Congress to form an independent army unit separate from the Corps of Engineers called the Corps of Topographical Engineers. Informally they became known as “topogs".

Their first priority was to explore the American West to make it accessible. Early on they worked to make the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers navigable. The work of charting these rivers actually started under the Topographical Bureau over a decade before the establishment of the Corps of Topographical Engineers. During the mid-1800s, they worked on floodind issues of major rivers. They designed lighthouses, mapped navigational routes and worked on many other federal projects. The General Survey Act gave them the authority to survey all canals and roads in the United States. They surveyed the National Road that connected the Potomac and Ohio Rivers. This was a main transport path to the West for thousands of settlers.

During the 1840s and 1850s, the Corps was very active. John C. Frémont led several western explorations starting in 1841. He led an exploration of the North Platte River. He next explored west to what is now Pueblo, Colorado. His next exploration was south going through Bent's Fort on the Arkansas River. With Kit Carson as his guide, Fremont began a two year journey that greatly expanded the knowledge of what lay to the west. It took him as far as the Sacramento Valley in early 1846. They were also involved in surveying boundary lines, especially in Texas during the Mexican–American War. Until they were merged with the Corps of Engineers in 1863, they surveyed and built roads bridges and forts for the Union Army during the Civil War.


Lluta River

The Lluta is a river in the Atacama Desert. It is the most northern of the great transversal Chilean rivers that start in the Andes and flow into the Pacific Ocean. It flows through the Arica y Parinacota region.

It has a broad estuary near the port city of Arica that forms a wetland, a habitat used by many water birds (birds that live on or near water).

The Lluta river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Lluta river starts on the Andean mountain slopes near the border with Peru and Bolivia, at an elevation of about , in the place called "Humapalca", "comuna" of General Lagos, Parinacota province, Arica y Parinacota.

The river is formed by the confluence of two streams:

Along its first , the river flows southeast and then slowly begins to turn towards the west. In its descent to the lower elevations of the valley, the river starts to run through a canyon formed by the same river; in some parts, the canyon could be deep.

Near the village of "Socoroma" (in the "comuna" of Putre), the river turns directly west and, after getting out of the canyon, the river begins to widen. Near the village of "Chironta", about from the sea, appear the first farms.

Finally, the river flows in the Pacific Ocean north of the city of Arica, in the sector Chacalluta, near the airport.

The Lluta river only flows through small villages except Putre, a small town with only 1,977 inhabitants (2022 census).

The mouth of the Lluta river in the Pacific Ocean covers more of . The resulting coastal wetland is the most important of its kind in the region with extensive vegetation and many water birds, including migratory birds.

Because the Lluta river flows throug a very arid region, the Atacama desert, there are very few permanent tributaries, and most of them join the Luta by its left side; some of them are Allane, Putre, Socoroma and Colpitas.

Apart from its problems of salinity and acidity, the river has very high levels of boron, arsenic, and sulfate, among other pollutants, which limit the agricultural activities that can be developed along the river.



Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey

Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey (1517-1547) was an English nobleman and poet.

Henry Howard was born in Hunsdon, Hertfordshire in 1517, during the reign of Henry VIII. His father was Thomas Howard. His mother was Elizabeth Stafford. He took the title of Earl of Surrey in 1524. Today he is known chiefly under that name. In 1532 he married Frances the Vere, who was fourteen years old at the time. Then he became a soldier and fought in Scotland in 1542 and in France and Flanders from 1543 to 1545. He was wounded in the siege of Montreuil. After he came back to England he was accused of treason, as was his father. Henry Howard was executed by beheading in the Tower of London at the age of thirty on 19 January 1547. His father was sentenced to death, too. He was however saved, as the king Henry VIII died. He was kept in prison for some years. He was set free by queen Mary.

Henry Howard is known mainly for two reasons. First, he wrote sonnets. He is often regarded as one of the fathers of English sonnet. He introduced a new rhyme pattern for English sonnet that runs abab cdcd efef gg. Today it is called Shakespearian sonnet, but Surrey was first to use it. Second, he invented blank verse that is unrhymed iambic pentameter. This metre was later used by Thomas Kyd in drama and by John Milton in epic poems. Everyone knows blank verse from Shakespeare's works. Henry Howard used blank verse in his translations from Virgil.

Harry Hamlin

Harry Robinson Hamlin (born October 30, 1951) is an American actor. He is well known for his role as Perseus in the 1981 fantasy movie "Clash of the Titans". He also played Michael Kuzack in "L.A. Law".

Cancioneiro Geral

Cancioneiro Geral (that means "The General Book of Songs") is an anthology (collection) of Portuguese poetry organized by the poet Garcia de Resende (1470-1536). The book was published in 1516. It contains poems by Portuguese authors of the 15th and 16th centuries. It was the largest collection of Portuguese poetry, written mostly in Portuguese but also in Castilian. It contains about 1000 poems by 286 authors and covers a variety of subjects. It is the main source for history of early modern Portuguese poetry, as it was the first collection of poetry printed in Portugal, and the main repository for poetry at the time. The book was republished in 1846 Stuttgart, Germany. It was edited by Eduard Heinrich von Kausler. Francisco de Sá de Miranda's poems were included into Cancioneiro Geral. Cancioneiro Geral can be compared to Carmina Burana or Tottel’s Miscellany.

The "Songbook" follows the models of Castilian poems compilations performed earlier, as the "Songbook of Baena" 1445 and the "General Songbook" of Hernando del Castillo, published in 1511. Garcia de Resende (c.1470-1536), who was a poet , chronicler and courtier in the court of D. Manuel I , gathered a set of almost a thousand poems of 286 authors, of which about 150 are written in Castilian and the rest in Portuguese. The production period of poems ranges from the mid-fifteenth century to the early sixteenth century. Unlike the Castilian songbook of 1511, the poems of the Portuguese work are not arranged by themes. 

The work of Resende was published for the first time in 1516, in the workshop of Hermão de Campos , and is dedicated to Prince John, future John III of Portugal . The themes reveal a palatial character of poetry, on the day to day in court, and other religious themes, loving, elegiac , and some attempts to epic poetry . Unlike the time troubadour , when poetry was meant to be sung and bailada, the poems of "Cancioneiro" are autonomous, and the pace is achieved by the sound of words and the Organizationverses and stanzas . 

Among the many authors include João Roiz de Castel-Branco , Sá de Miranda , Bernardim Ribeiro and Garcia de Resende himself. 

Research and development

Research and development (R&D) refers to a wide range of activities by businesses, governments and academic institutions designed to gather knowledge and test new ideas. This often leads to the development of new products or new ways of doing things. R&D generally has three main activities. These are: basic research, applied research and development. Basic research is aimed at getting new knowledge with no immediate use or purpose in mind. Applied research is just the opposite. It is research for a definite purpose or product. Development has more to do with adding features to a product. Often, development is a process of eliminating all but the best idea to arrive at the best solution. Basic and applied research costs are often written off as expenses while the costs of development are added to the cost of the product. R&D often results in owning intellectual property such as patents. In Europe, R&D is called research and technical/technological development (RTD). 

In 2015, Volkswagen was the world's leading spender in R&D


Institut d'optique Graduate School

Institut d'optique Graduate School (SupOptique) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at SupOptique.

Research activities at SupOptique relate to the following topics:


Mary Sidney

Mary Sidney (1561-1621) was an English poet. She was the sister of more famous poet Philip Sidney.

Mary Sidney was the daughter of Henry Sidney and Mary Dudley. She was born on 27 October 1561 at Tickenhall near Bewdley in Worcestershire. She was well educated, which was unusual for a girl at the time. She knew French, Italian, Latin and Greek. When she was fifteen, she married Henry Herbert, Earl of Pembroke. Thus she became Countess of Pembroke. She had four children, Katherine, Anne, William and Philip. She died of smallpox in London on 25 September 1621. She is buried in the cathedral in Salisbury.

Mary Sidney was a poet and translator. She translated 107 Psalms, using 128 different verse forms. She wrote also the poem for her brother, named "To the Angel Spirit of the Most Excellent Sir Philip Sidney". She is said to have been the most important woman poet in 16th century England save the queen.


Vladimír Holan

Vladimír Holan (September 16, 1905 – March 31, 1980) was a Czech poet.

Vladimír Holan was born in 1905 in Prague. He got his high-school certificate in 1926 and started to study law. However, he was not much interested in it and left the university quickly. He worked in an office and after some years abandoned it because of ill health.

In 1926 Holan published his first book of poetry named "Blouznivý vějíř" ("A Thoughtful Fan"). The poet himself was not much pleased with the book. In 1930 he published another book which was more successful, named "Triumf smrti" ("The Triumph of Death"). Many other books followed that. The most important work by Holan is "Noc s Hamletem" ("A night with Hamlet"). Holan wrote poems till 1977 when his only daughter died. After it he wrote nothing more. Holan was awarded many times and nominated for Nobel prize. The poet died in Prague in 1980. He was buried at Olšany Cemetery in Prague.

Holan's poems are different and usually regarded as difficult. The poems are full of symbols and images that can be understood in different ways. He used classical verse forms and free verse as well. He is also known to have employed alliteration and puns. Holan was also a translator. He translated European literature into Czech.




Iambic pentameter

Iambic pentameter is a kind of verse. It is the most common kind of verse in English literature.

The two words seem difficult, because the words are Greek. "Pentameter" means "consisting of five measures" and "iambic" "consisting of iambs".

The rhythm which words make in the line is measured in small groups of syllables called "feet". The word "iambic" refers to the type of foot that is used, known as the "iamb". This is an unstressed syllable followed by a stressed syllable. The word "pentameter" indicates that a line has five of these "feet".

In theory every line is composed of ten syllables and have five stresses. Stresses fall on the second, the fourth, the sixth, the eighth and the tenth syllable. This is marked with two signs. The sign "x" stands for a syllable with no stress, and the sign "/" stands for a syllable with stress. So a line of iambic pentameter is:

In real poems lines have often an extra syllable at the end and sometimes lack the first unaccented syllable. A line can be divided in five units that are called "feet". The unit x / is called an "iamb" or "iambic foot". Sometimes the pattern is changed. First foot can be reversed: / x x / x / x / x /.
When iambic pentameter is unrhymed it is called blank verse. Blank verse was introduced into English poetry by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey. Thomas Kyd used it in his "The Spanish Tragedy".

There are no rhymes in blank verse, but alliteration often occurs in it, for example "prime and pride".

William Shakespeare's dramas are written chiefly in blank verse. The first line of the famous Hamlet's monologue is an example:

John Milton used blank verse in Paradise Lost. Many other poets (for example Edwin Atherstone, John Fitchett, Alfred Tennyson, Robert Browning and Matthew Arnold employed it long poems. John Fitchett's "King Alfred" is perhaps the longest epic poem written in blank verse. It consists of more than 130 000 lines. But Alexander Pope wrote iambic pentameter with rhymes. One line rhymes with the next. It is called heroic couplet.

Dramatic monologues are usually written in blank verse. Good examples are Tennyson's "St Simeon Stylites" and "Ulysses" or Browning's "The Ring and the Book". Robert Frost wrote similar poems in the United States.
Lines of iambic pentameter can be set also into stanzas. An example of a stanza is rhyme royal that consists of seven lines and rhymes ababbcc. It was used by Emma Lazarus in the poem "Sympathy" from the sequence "Epochs".

Iambic pentameter is used also in English sonnets.

The rhythm of iambic pentameter is close to the rhythm of everyday English speech. Iambic pentameter is common in German literature, too. This example is from "The Flamingos" by Rainer Maria Rilke:



John Fitchett

John Fitchett (1776-1838) was an English poet.

John Fitchett was born on 21 September 1776. He became an orphan very early. He studied law and became an attorney. He lived in Warrington, England. In 1796 he published his first work named "Bewsey, a Poem". John Fitchett never married. He died on 20 October 1838.

John Fitchett is remembered as the author of an epic poem named "King Alfred". It was published in the years 1841-1842. It took forty years to write it. It tells about English King Alfred the Great, who lived during the 9th century and fought against the Vikings. The poem is a literary curiosity. It is probably the longest poem ever written in English. John Fitchett left it unfinished, but his friend Robert Roscoe finished and published it. "King Alfred" is over 131 000 lines long. 2585 more lines were added by Roscoe.

Currituck County, North Carolina

Currituck County is the northeastern-most county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,100. Its county seat is Currituck. The county was formed in 1668 as a precinct of Albemarle County and later gained county status in 1739. The name is "traditionally said to be an Native American word for wild geese; "Coratank"."

Currituck County is included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC Metropolitan Area. It is in the northeastern section of the state and is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean, Currituck Sound, Camden County, Dare County and the state of Virginia. Currituck Court House, mentioned as early as 1755, was the name of the county seat. Today the words "Court House" have been dropped and only Currituck is used as the town name.

Tyrrell County, North Carolina

Tyrrell County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,245 making it the least populous county in the state. Its county seat is Columbia. The county was created in 1729 as Tyrrell Precinct and gained county status in 1739.

Tyrrell County is included in the Kill Devil Hills, NC Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk, VA-NC Combined Statistical Area.

Gates County, North Carolina

Gates County is a small, rural county located in the northeast portion of the U.S. state of North Carolina, on the border with Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,478. Its county seat is Gatesville.

Gates County is included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is part of the Albemarle Sound area of the Inner Banks.

United States Revenue Cutter Service

The United States Revenue Cutter Service (USRCS) was set up in 1790 when President George Washington signed an act allowing the building of 10 boats. They were designed to collect customs duties and taxes and to protect against smuggling. They were also tasked with making sure shipments of goods from the United States were getting through to markets in other countries. In 1915, President Woodrow Wilson signed the "Act to Create the Coast Guard". This designated the United States Coast Guard as a branch of the US military. It was formed by merging the Revenue Cutter Service with the United States Life-Saving Service.

Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury suggested the creation of the Revenue Cutter Service in a letter dated October 2, 1789. After being approved by Congress, the service started with 10 boats called cutters. At the time a cutter was a small fast sailing vessel described as "a small, decked ship with one mast and bowsprit, with a gaff mainsail on a boom, a square yard and topsail, and two jibs or a jib and a staysail." Before the Revenue Cutter Service began, the Continental Navy had been disbanded. Until the United States Navy was formed in 1794, the Revenue Cutter Service was the nation's only naval force.

After the American Revolutionary War, the United States was struggling financially. The new country depended on the money it received from import tariffs. Smuggling had been seen as a patriotic duty during the war, but was now a robbing the country of one of its major sources of revenue. Hamilton realized that if something was not done quickly, the country would suffer financially. He suggested that a fleet of 10 cutters could collect revenues and prevent smuggling.

The original specifications stated they were to be between and long. Each would be manned by two officers, six marines and crews of about 10 men and boys.

Although it was not one of the first 10 cutters called for by Hamilton, the "North Carolina" was purchased in 1792 for use by the Revenue Marine Service. Before the first 10 were approved a number of vessels were used as revenue boats, some as early as the confederation period (March 1, 1781, to March 4, 1789). The first 10 cutters built were:










Disagreements over treaties and America's status of neutrality during the French Revolution led to an undeclared war between France and the United States. The conflict was fought at sea from July 7, 1798, until the Treaty of Mortefontaine was signed on September 30, 1800. However, French privateers had been robbing American ships for several years before the Quasi-War began. American merchant ships were also being attacked by barbary pirates. USRC cutters were sent to deal with the pirates but soon the combination of French privateers and pirates were more than the service could handle alone. Congress passed the Naval Act of 1794 which established a permanent standing navy. The Naval Act ordered the construction and manning of six frigates. Three years later the first three ships were welcomed into the U.S. Navy. As the Quasi-War heated up, both the Navy and Revenue Cutter Service worked together to protect American ships.

Revenue Cutters were first sent to the Caribbean Sea to protect American shipping from French warships in the spring of 1799. About 12 French warships were captured by Revenue cutters in 1799 in the Caribbean. Of these, the 6-gun "Bon Perre", captured by the USRC "Eagle", was put into service as a Revenue cutter and served until 1801. In 1800, the brigantine "Pickering" and the frigate "Insurgente" both departed the East Coast to join the fleet in the Caribbean. Both were lost at sea. There were no survivors to explain what happened to the two cutters. On February 3, 1801 the treaty with France was ratified. At this time many in Washington, D.C. thought that the Revenue Cutter Service should be reduced in size. Many of its larger cutters were too big and too expensive to maintain. Many of the larger and older cutters were sold and many junior officers were let go.

When the war started, the Navy only had six vessels smaller than a frigate. None of these were the "small fast sailing ships" the cutters were. The shallow-draft cutters suffered significant losses but managed to distinguish themselves as a fighting force. The cutter "Jefferson" captured the first British merchant ship, the "Patriot", in June 1812. In July the cutter "James Madison" captured the British ship "Shamrock". In one battle, the cutter "Surveyor" put up such a fight against the larger British frigate "HMS Narcissus", that when the "Surveyor" finally surrendered, The British Captain returned the sword of the American captain in recognition of his bravery. The cutter "Commodore Barry" was captured by British forces after putting up a strong defense. In one incident, the cutter "Eagle" was run aground during a battle with a British brig, the HMS "Dispatch" and a British sloop that was with her. The cutter's crew dragged the cutter's guns onto a bluff and kept fighting until late in the day. When they ran out of shot, they began firing back the spent British cannonballs (according to the legend). The War of 1812 saw the only USRCS prisoners of war taken by an enemy until World War II. The War proved the USRCS could hold their own against even the greatest naval force of the time.

During the Mexican–American War, President James K. Polk ordered the Secretary of the Treasury to have cutters in the Gulf of Mexico report to the United States Army (instead of the Navy). By the end of the war, eight cutters had served with the Army. This was out of a total fleet of only 14 cutters. They had capabilities the Navy (or Army) did not have. This was boats that could operate in shallow water and be used for amphibious landings. The Revenue cutters served on blockade duty, ferried men and supplies and supported Army and Navy operations.

On October 8, 1847, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury informed his commanders that the service was low on funds. The expenses of operating in Mexico had reduced funds to a new low. The service needed to cut back on new ships and retire those too expensive to keep running. The USRCS was reduced to eight cutters. By 1849, six new cutters had been ordered but between the Chesapeake Bay and the Gulf of Florida, there were only two cutters. One more served in the Gulf of Mexico. Two of the new cutters, when they became available, would serve in the Atlantic while four would serve on the West Coast.

Just before the start of the American Civil War the Revenue Cutter Service had just 24 cutters to guard both coasts of the United States. Of these, 23 were wooden sailing ships ranging in length of from to . All but one were either fore-and-aft rigged sloops or topsail schooners. The remaining cutter was a brig. The service also owned one modern (for that time) wooden paddle steamer measuring in length, the "USRC Harriet Lane" built in 1857-1858. The "Harriet Lane" was the pride of the Revenue Cutter Service. It was also the only cutter that had a full crew. The rest of the fleet barely had enough officers and men to operate the ships. Cutbacks in funding during the 1840s and 1850s and no pay raises left the service short of men. During this same period, the service began winter patrols in the North Atlantic Ocean to protect sailors. They also took on the task of enforcing immigration laws, especially on the West Coast where large numbers of Chinese coolies were being brought in on overcrowded ships. 

At the start of the war a small number of officers and men left the service to join the Confederacy and formed the core of the Confederate Revenue Marine. Six cutters had been seized by Confederate forces while in Southern ports. The "Harriet Lane" was temporarily transferred to the Union Navy. President Abraham Lincoln requested the Navy to transfer a number of ships to the Revenue Cutter Service, however no records show if any were actually transferred. During the remainder of the war, Revenue cutters protected Northern shipping and assisted the Navy in blockading Southern ports. The cutter "Harriet Lane" fired the first shots of the Civil War from a ship. But in 1863, in a battle with the Confederate Army and Navy, the "Harriet Lane" was captured and nearly all the crew members were killed.
On April 21, 1898, the United States declared war against Spain. President William McKinley temporarily transferred the ships of the Revenue Cutter Service to operate under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy. They were ordered to cooperate with the Navy and became part of their auxiliary forces. The Revenue Cutter Service provided 13 cutters to assist the Navy. Eight served in the North Atlantic Squadron, four patrolled the West Coast and one served with Admiral George Dewey's Asiatic Squadron.

Together, the Revenue Cutter Service and the U.S. Life-Saving Service formed the United States Coast Guard on 28 January 1915. The law made the Coast Guard a permanent member of the United States military and allowed it to be transferred to the U.S. Navy whenever necessary. The practice of placing the Revenue Cutter Service under control of the Navy in times of crisis had been the custom in the past. But now it was made official by the new law which also changed its name.


Vittoria Colonna

Vittoria Colonna (1490-1547), marchioness of Pescara, was an Italian noblewoman and poet.

Vittoria Colonna was born at Marino, Lazio, Italy in 1490. She was a daughter of Fabrizio Colonna and Agnese di Montefeltro. In 1509 she married Francesco Ferrante D'Avalos, who was the Marquis of Pescara. He was a knight and was often absent from home. He took part in many battles and wars. He was taken prisoner by the French in 1512. In 1525 he died from wounds after the battle of Pavia. From that time Colonna, a childless widow, lived in a nunnery although she did not become a nun. She was the most admired woman poet in Italy during the Renaissance. Vittoria Colonna died in Rome in 1547.

The first edition of Colonna's book of poems, named "Rime" ("Rhymes") was published in 1538. They turned out to be very popular. There were twelve editions of the book published before she died. Vittoria Colonna was admired for her poetry by Ludovico Ariosto. She was a friend of many other poets and artists, Jacopo Sannazzaro, Pietro Bembo, Baldassare Castiglione and especially Michelangelo. Colonna wrote sonnets, "canzone" (songs) and short poems in ottava rima. She wrote also a longer poem named "Capitolo del trionfo di Cristo" ("The chapter about the Triumph of Christ").


Kordshuli (tribe)

The Kurdshuli are a nomadic and pastoral tribe of the Fars Province in Iran.They speak Luri language.

Anil Kumble

Anil Kumble (full name:Anil Radhakrishna Kumble)is a retired Indian cricketer who captained Indian national cricket team for a few matches.Anil Kumble is a right arm leg spin bowler.One of the best bowler in world cricket.
Anil Kumble was born in Bangalore,Karnataka to Krishnaswamy and Saroja.Anil Kumble has a brother named Dinesh Kumble.Kumble studied his studies in Holy Saint English School.He started playing cricket in streets in Bangalore.Kumble completed B.E in Rashtriya Vidhyalaya College of Engineering in 1991-92.
Anil Kumble made his first-class debut against Hyderabad on 30 November 1989 playing for Karnataka. He took 4 wickets in the match.Anil played his debut Test match against England national cricket team.He picked 3 wickets in the second match of the series.Anil picked 18 wickets with the average of 25.94 at the economy rate of 1.84 in the four match series against South Africa in 1992.He picked 21 wickets against the series with England in the same year.In the third match of the series he picked 7 wickets for 165 runs and was awarded the Man of the Match award. On November 27 1993, Kumble picked 6wickets/12 runs against West Indies in the final match of Hero Cup. This record was broke by Stuart Binny against Bangladesh.Kumble picked 15 wickets in 1996 World Cup and became the leading wicket taker in the tournament.He picked 61 wickets in that single year.Anil along with Jim Laker are the persons who picked all the ten wickets in a single Test inning. He achieved this against Pakistan in the year 1999.Kumble had bowled over 40850 balls totally in his international cricket career, stands after Muttiah Muralidharan.

Canindeyú Department

The Canindeyú department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Salto del Guairá. Its code is PY-14.

Its name comes from Tupi Kaninde - macaw; ju - yellow, blue-and-yellow macaw ("Ara ararauna").

The Canindeyú department is in the northeast of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . , the department has a population of 191,447 ( of the population of the country) for a population density of .

The Amambay and Mbaracayú mountain ranges are in the department and form the limits with Brazil.


, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Salto del Guairá was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Salto del Guairá was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 13 districts:

Farming is the main economic activity in the department. The main crops are soybean, tobacco and maize. Cattle raising is also an important activity.



Guido Guinizelli

Guido Guinizelli (c. 1230–1276) was an Italian poet. He is best remembered as the founder of Dolce Stil Novo.

Guido Guinizelli (or Guinizzelli) was born around 1230 in Bologna. He was a son of Guinizzello da Magnano, a famous judge. He studied law and became a lecturer at the university of Bologna. He died in Monselice in 1276.

Guido Guinizelli wrote canzone and sonnets. He introduced into Italian poetry a new style which was named "Dolce Stil Novo" that is "The Sweet New Style". Dante Alighieri called him "padre mio" ("my father"), regarding him as his teacher of poetry.



Church of St. Anthony in Jerzmanice-Zdrój

The Church of St. Anthony located in Jerzmanice-Zdrój, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland is a Roman Catholic church. The date of build is assessed on the 14th century.

The scheme of the church is very untypical as a Lower Silesian customs building. Since 1527 until 1945 the church was used by Protestants. In 1945, after the World War II, the church was taken by the Roman Catholic Church.

The Catholic temple was significantly affected by the fight, that took place for example during the Thirty Years' War and Napoleonic campaigns.

Eurovision Song Contest 2017

The Eurovision Song Contest 2017 ("shortly ESC)" was the 62nd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It took place in the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev, Ukraine, after Jamala won for Ukraine in 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden with her song "1944".

Ukraine hosted the contest for the second time after 2005. The competition was held from 9th to the 13th; the first semifinal was on Tuesday, May 9, the second semifinal on Thursday, May 11 and the grand final was on Saturday, May 13.

The contest happened in the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev. The venue holds 13,000 people and the venue will be rebuilt for the contest.

The ESC 2005, which was also held in Kiev, took place in the Palace Of Sports. This was also a possible venue for 2017, but might not fulfill today's demands.

However, the venue must have a maximum capacity of 10,000. The venue also has to be covered and an international press centre has to be in reach. Also it must have a capacity for 1,550 journalists.

The following cities applied for being a host city:


Some artists participated in the contest before and will represent their country again or as a another role:
Portugal and Romania will return; both quit last year's contest. Bosnia and Herzegovina, who returned in last year's contest, have quit this year because of financial difficulties.

On the 31th of October 2016 it was announced by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), that there will be 43 countries to participate in 2017.

The first semi final will take place on Tuesday, the 9th of May 2017. 18 countries will compete, the 10 countries with the most votes of them will qualify for the final. 

The running order will be decided and announced when all the countries have selected their entry.

Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom will vote in this semi-final.
The second semi-final will take place on Thursday, the 11th of May 2017. 19 countries will compete, the 10 countries with the most votes of them will qualify for the final.

The running order will be decided and announced when all the countries have selected their entry. After a request of the Swiss TV-broadcaster SRF, Switzerland was directly determined to participate and vote in Semi-Final 2.

France, Germany and Ukraine will vote in this semi-final.
These five countries are directly qualified for the final. Ukraine, as the host country, will also be performing directly in the Grand Final.
""


Philip Sidney

Philip Sidney (1554–1586) was an English poet, diplomat and soldier .

Philip Sidney was born on 30 November 1554. He was the son of Henry Sidney and his wife, Mary, née Dudley. On 17 October 1564 he was enrolled in Shrewsbury School. One of the boys that began their learning on that day was Fulke Greville, First Lord Brooke, who became Philip Sidney's friend. Much later he became his biographer, too. After he finished school, at the age of 13, Philip Sidney went to Oxford to study at Christ College. He did not however get any scholarly degree. He went to France when he witnessed the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre. He also travelled to Germany, Austria and Hungary. He was in Italy, too. He went as a messenger from Queen Elizabeth to Prague, where the emperor Maximilian II ruled. Then he went to a war in Netherlands. There he was wounded in the thigh 23 September 1586 at Zuphen. Because of that he got an infection and died at 17 October 1586 at Arnhem. He was buried on February 16, 1587 at St. Paul’s Cathedral in London. 

Philip Sidney is generally regarded as best English lyrical poet of the Renaissance. He was also considered a hero after his death Phillip Sidney wrote both poetry and prose. He is famous for his sonnets. They were edited in the sequence named "Astophil and Stella". He also wrote "Arcadia" and "The Defence of Poesy". Philip Sidney's poems were translated into many languages, among others into Czech. 

Philip Sidney's sister was the poet and translator Mary Sidney Herbert, Countess of Pembroke (1561-1621). 


Technologist

A technologist/technician is a person who specializes in using technology. A technologist/technician is someone who completely understands the technology and other technologies that can be applied. In the field of health care, for example, may be called a "lab tech". The lab technologist is the project manager who supervises the lab. 

A technologist may be known by different job titles in various organizations. For example, a Director of Information Technology is often a technologist. The same is true for a Technology Project Manager. Smaller organizations may use a technologist to perform many functions. In some cases, a project may be started using a staff member or technician, then handed off to a technologist as the project progresses. The technologist is a specialist in how technologies can be used to meet the goals of the project owner. In Canada, engineers with training from other countries may find themselves working as an engineering technologist.



South Jamaica, Queens

South Jamaica is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. It is located south of Jamaica Avenue in Jamaica, Queens, New York. Its border to the west is the Van Wyck Expressway. Its border to the east is Guy R. Brewer Boulevard. Its border to the south is the North Conduit Expressway.

Egolzwil

Egolzwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Ettiswil

Ettiswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On January 1, 2006 the municipality of Kottwil.

It is south of the Wauwilermoos.


Fischbach, Switzerland

Fischbach is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Gettnau

Gettnau was a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Gettnau became a part of Willisau.


Gandria

Gandria is a quarter and former municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Breganzona, Cureggia, Davesco-Soragno, Gandria, Pambio-Noranco, Pazzallo, Pregassona and Viganello merged into the city of Lugano.

Viganello

Viganello is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004, it was a municipality on its own. Then it was created to Lugano.


Linares Province

Linares () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and largest city is Linares.

In 1873, the province of Linares was created from the old province of Maule; it had three departments: Linares, Parral and Loncomilla.

In 1927, Linares is eliminated as a province and became part of the new province of Maule but, in 1936, Linares was made again a province. When the regions were created in 1975, the Maule region was formed with the Curicó, Linares, Maule and Talca; later, the province of Cauquenes was added.

Linares is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) with an area of , the largest province in the Maule region.

The province is at the very center of mainland Chile, and its capital is at south of Santiago and south of Talca, the regional capital, in the middle of a rich agricultural area and with many vineyards.

Linares is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Talca province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Ñuble province (Bío Bío region) and to the west by the Cauquenes province.

 (last national census), there were 253,990 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 139,742 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Linares, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 65,133 inhabitants, followed by the cities of Parral (26,397 inhabitants) and San Javier (20,524 inhabitants).

As a province, Linares is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 8 communes ("comunas"). The city of Linares serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Names for ordinal numbers

Here are some words for small ordinal numbers. Words in bold are irregular.

When writing other numbers between 21 and 99, only use the cardinal form of the last number. Also, you must use a hyphen (-).

The ordinal number 100 is written as "one hundredth", but sometimes people say "the hundredth".

To write a number from 100 to 999:
Examples:

You can also write ordinal numbers by writing the number, then the ending (-st, -nd, -rd, or -th) from above.


Ministro Pistarini International Airport

Ministro Pistarini International Airport or also called as Ezeiza International Airport is an airport located in nearby Ezeiza, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Its IATA code is EZE and ICAO code is SAEZ.

It is the direct entrance of long-distance international flights to the country, since the domestic and regional connections operate mostly from the Jorge Newbery Airport, which makes it the largest and most modern air terminal in Argentina. It recently received a rating of over 8 points out of 10 in the 2019 AirHelp Score, earning it 20th place in this ranking.

It is currently the base of operations for Aerolíneas Argentinas internationally. It is also the headquarters of the Ezeiza Naval Air Station of the Argentine Navy.

Opened in 1949, it was for three years the largest air base in the world. It operates with several airlines. Given its geographical location and market size, an important part of its flights have stopovers in Santiago, São Paulo and Lima.

Here are some of North American carriers that currently serve Ministro Pistarini:

In January 2017, the Minister of the Interior, Rogelio Frigerio, presented the Advance Passenger Information system that speeds up immigration procedures and obtains accurate information on the criminal record of passengers entering the country.

In March 2018, the Argentine government presented a $15 billion investment plan to transform the Ezeiza International Airport.


The airport has the capacity to serve the Airbus A380 superjumbo in hangar 5.


Clapper

Clapper or Clappers may refer to:

Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport

Arturo Merino Benitez International Airport or also called as Santiago-Pudahuel Airport is an airport located in Santiago, Chile, is Chile's largest aviation facility.

Its IATA code is SCL and ICAO code is SCEL.

The building is the hub for various Chilean airline companies, such as Chile's largest national and international airlines, which has been the subject of a drug trafficking investigation by chilean police.

Airlines which serve Comodoro Arturo Merino Benitez International Airport include:



São Paulo/Guarulhos International Airport

São Paulo/Guarulhos International Airport is an airport that serves São Paulo, Brazil, located 25 km north of the city centre. It is sometimes called Cumbica Airport, after the suburb in which it is located.

Its IATA code is GRU and ICAO code is SBGR.

The following airlines fly into Guarulhos: 

Many of these airlines have lounges at Guarulhos, most of which have internet access and mobile phone support, along with two meeting rooms for corporate executives.

There are also several restaurants, bookstores and cafés in the airport.


Linares, Chile

Linares is a Chilean city and commune in the Maule Region, in the Chilean Central Valley. Linares is the capital city of the province of Linares.

Linares was founded on 23 May 23 1794, as the "Villa de San Ambrosio de Linares" by Ambrosio O'Higgins, father of Bernardo O'Higgins. O'Higgins was then "Captain General" (a military governor) of Chile and Francisco de la Mata Linares was the Governor of Concepción.

In 1873, the province of Linares was created from the old province of Maule; it had three departments: Linares, Parral and Loncomilla.

In 1927, Linares was eliminated as a province and became part of the new province of Maule but, in 1936, Linares was made again a province with the same departments. When the regions were created in 1975, the Maule region was formed with the Curicó, Linares, Maule and Talca provinces.

 (last national census), there were 83,249 people (40,518 men and 42,731 women) living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 68,224 persons ( of the total).

The people from Linares are called "Linarenses", both men and women.

The commune has an area of and the city proper, .

The city of Linares is at south of Santiago and south of Talca, the regional capital.

The rivers Ancoa, Putagán and Achibueno are the main rivers that flow through the commune or form its natural borders.

Most of the territory of the commune is within the central plain ("Valle Central de Chile"). Some low hills are in the most western part of the commune, while its most eastern part is marked by the presence of the foothills of the Andes mountains.

The commune of Linares is bordered on the west by San Javier; on the north by Villa Alegre, Yerbas Buenas and Colbún; on the east, by Colbún, and on the south, by Longaví.

The climate of Linares is a mild Mediterranean climate, Csb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Linares is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Linares is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The city and its surroundings have many attractions, for example:


Some natural attractions in the surrounding area include the piedmont of the Andes mountains, with forests of pines and other trees; lakes (the artificial Colbún lake); rivers, and good camping and hiking areas.

Linares is an important agricultural, industrial and financial center of the region.



Camilo Pessanha

Camilo Pessanha (1867-1926) was a Portuguese poet. He is regarded as the most important representative of symbolism in Portuguese literature.

Camilo de Almeida Pessanha was born in Coimbra on 7 September 1867. His parents were Francisco António de Almeida Pessanha and Maria do Espírito Santo Duarte Nunes Pereira. He studied law at the university of Coimbra. After finishing his studies he went to Macao, a Portuguese town in China. He worked as a teacher there. Pessanha became interested in Chinese culture. He learned Chinese. He died in Macao on 1 March 1926. His death may have been caused by the poet's opium habit.

Camilo Pessanha is the author of only one poetic book. It is named Clépsidra and was published in 1922. He also wrote some books about Chinese culture. He collected some works of art in China. He translated some classic Chinese poems, too. Pessanha's works influenced Fernando Pessoa's poetry. He wrote chiefly sonnets.



Enid Lyons

Dame Enid Muriel Lyons AD, GBE (née Burnell; 9 July 1897 – 2 September 1981) was an Australian politician. She was the first woman to be elected to the Australian House of Representatives and the first woman in the federal Cabinet. She was the wife of the Premier of Tasmania and later Prime Minister of Australia, Joseph Lyons.

Lyons was born Enid Muriel Burnell in Smithton, Tasmania, one of three daughters of William and Eliza (née Taggett) Burnell. She trained to be a teacher in Hobart. Her mother was active in the Labor party and community groups in Tasmania. She was one of the first women appointed as a Justice of the Peace in Tasmania.

Lyons was made a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) in the Coronation Honours of 1937. Joseph Lyons died in 1939, aged 59, the first Australian Prime Minister to die in office, and Dame Enid returned to Tasmania. She bitterly resented Joseph Lyons's successor as leader of the UAP, Robert Menzies, who had, she believed, betrayed her husband by resigning from the Cabinet, shortly before Joseph's death.

At the 1943 election Dame Enid Lyons narrowly won the Division of Darwin in north-western Tasmania for the UAP, becoming the first woman in the House of Representatives. Her Labor opponent, who received more primary votes than she did, was the future Tasmanian Premier Eric Reece. At the same election, Dorothy Tangney was elected as a Labor Senator for Western Australia, the nation's first woman Senator.

In retirement, Dame Enid's health recovered. She was a newspaper columnist (1951–54), a commissioner of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1951–62), and remained active in public life promoting family and women's issues. She published three volumes of memoirs, which embarrassed the Liberal Party by reviving her complaints about Menzies' 1939 behaviour towards her husband.

She was nevertheless made a Dame of the Order of Australia (AD) on Australia Day 1980, the second woman to receive this honour. She was the first Australian woman to receive damehoods in different orders. She died the following year and was accorded a state funeral inDevonport, Tasmania, before being buried next to her husband at Mersey Vale Lawn Cemetery.

Kappa Mikey

Kappa Mikey is an American animated television series. It was created by Larry Schwarz. The series was created by Schwarz's studio Animation Collective. The series was first broadcast on February 25, 2006. It ended on September 20, 2008. 52 episodes were made.


List of programs broadcast by Nick Jr. (block)

This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast on Nickelodeon's morning block, Nick Jr. from 1988 to 2009 and since 2014 under its current name, 2009 to 2012 under the "Nick Play Date" name, and 2012 to 2014 under the "Nick: The Smart Place to Play" name.


Sapphic stanza

Sapphic stanza is a strophe that is widely used in European poetry. It is of Greek origin and is named after the ancient Greek female poet Sappho.

The stanza consists of four lines. Three of them are composed of eleven syllables and the last one is made up of five syllables. In Greek verse the quantity of syllables is important—whether the syllables are long or short. In other languages, this is no longer significant.

Sapphic stanza was adopted by Roman poets like Horace. His popularity helped in expanding the use of the stanza and became common in many works of literature. The Sapphic stanza was extremely popular in Polish poetry from the 16th century. In English however, is not used often. Among poets who experimented with it was Algernon Charles Swinburne.

International Youth Arts Festival

International Youth Arts Festival (IYAF) is an annual youth arts festival held in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames every July. The festival was founded in 2009 by Robin Hutchinson MBE and has involved more than 25,000 young people as participants and volunteers since 2009.

It is an open-access performing arts festival: it does not book performers and anyone may participate. The festival programme includes a range of art forms including theatre, dance, music, comedy, visual arts and children's shows.

Venues across the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames support artists in the festival by transforming their spaces into performance venues. The festival includes over 200 staged events in venues including Rose Theatre, Arthur Cotterell Theatre, Kingston Library, Fairfield Recreation Ground, Eagle Brewery Wharf and The Library club. The venues are close together, enabling audience members to visit multiple performances.

2016 - Andy Currums 

2015 - Trevor Blackman

2009 - 2014 Aniela Zaba

Patrons of International Youth Arts Festival include Angellica Bell, Michael Underwood, Tom Holland, Tom Chambers, Sheridan Smith and Matt Lucas.

Robin Hutchinson MBE

Olea capensis

Olea capensis (synonyms are "Olea undulata" and O. laurifolia) is also called black ironwood. 

It is an African tree species belonging to the olive family (Oleaceae). It is widespread in Africa south of the Sahara. It grows from the east in Somalia, Ethiopia and Sudan, south to the tip of South Africa, and west to Cameroon, Sierra Leone and the Islands of the Gulf of Guinea, as well as Madagascar and the Comoros. It occurs in the bush, littoral scrub and evergreen forest.

The Guinness Book of World Records lists this tree as the world's most dense wood, with a specific gravity of 1.49. It is known for sinking in water, unlike other woods. It is also the one of the world's hardest woods. The timber resists abrasion and is very strong. It is an excellent turnery wood, widely used for wooden items.

USRC Vigilant (1791)

Vigilant was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Her name meant: On the alert; watchful. "Vigilant" was launched in 1791 in New York and was used to patrol New York waters.

Her design was that of a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. She was long and had a shallow of only . "Vigilant", launched in March 1791, it was probably the first cutter in the water. She was not, however, the first to enter into active service. Her first patrol was in December 1791. Her first master was Patrick Dennis, appointed on 6 October 1790. He also supervised the construction. Dennis served as master until his death on February 9, 1798.

Her assigned waters included New York Harbor, the coast of New York and New Jersey, Long Island Sound and the Hudson River as far as Albany, New York. On November 14, 1798 "Vigilant" was sold for £348. The Revenue Cutter Service decided the "Vigilant" was not large enough to carry out her duties. Nothing further is known of the cutter after that date.



USRC Massachusetts

USRC "Massachusetts" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. While not the first USRS cutter to be launched, it was the first to enter active service.

"Massachusetts" was built at Newburyport, MA by shipwright William Searle. She was designed as a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. 

On July 15, 1791 "Massachusetts" was launched. John Foster Williams was its first master. Her crew consisted of four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. She was long by wide and had a shallow draft of only . Williams ordered an increase in her size without getting approval by the service. This increased her cost over what was originally budgeted. But the government accepted the "Massachusetts" as changed by Williams.

She had the shortest service life of any of the original ten cutters. The first "Massachusetts" turned out to be too expensive to operate and was too slow. On 9 October 1792 she was sold. In 1793 she was replaced by a smaller lighter sloop, the "Massachusetts II".



Lucrezia Marinella

Lucrezia Marinella (or Marinelli, 1571-1653) was an Italian poet.

She was born in Venice. Her father, named Giovanni Marinelli was a physician, so was her brother, Curzio Marinelli. Nothing is known however about her mother. The social position of the family enabled her to learn. She married Girolamo Vacca, who was also a physician.

Marinella wrote many works. She is widely known as the author of "La nobiltà et l'eccellenza delle donne co' diffetti et mancamenti de gli uomini" ("The Nobility and Excellence of Women and the Defects and Vices of Men", 1600). Her greatest work is an epic poem "L'Enrico ovvero Bisanzio acquistato". At that time the genre of epic poem was regarded as suitable for only men. Lucrezia Marinella proved that a woman can write a heroic poem. The poem is written in ottava rima which is considered to be a difficult form. It was translated into English by Maria Galli Stampino.

Lucrezia Marinella lived long for her time period. She died of malaria in Venice on 9 October 1653. She was buried in the church of S. Pantalone.


USRC Active (1791)

USRC "Active" (1791) was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. It was commissioned in 1792 and remained in service until 1800.

"Active" was built by the shipwright David Stodder in Baltimore, Maryland. She was designed as a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. She was launched on April 9, 1791 and was based in Baltimore. USRC "Active" was used to patrol the waters of the Chesapeake Bay. 

Her first master was Simon Gross. Her first mate was Isaac Roach and her second mate was Benjamin Rue. Goss resigned in 1792 and President George Washington promoted the former first mate, David Porter, as master. The 1791-built cutter named "Active" was sold in 1800.



National Serbian Clarinet Association

The National Serbian Clarinet Association (NSCA, Serb. "Национална српска кларинетистичка асоцијација"/"Nacionalna srpska klarinetistička asocijacija") is an association established in 2015, by Serbian clarinetists. Most of the founders were members of the International Clarinet Association (ICA) and European Clarinet Association (ECA) who are active professional performers of classical music. There are also students and clarinetists who perform other genres of music. 

The main aims of the NSCA, declared in its Founding Act and Statute, include assembling Serbian clarinetists interested in researching the clarinet and clarinet literature, organizing clarinet-related events, and collaborating with foreign clarinetists and clarinet associations.

The Board of Directors consists of:

The Council members are: Nicholas Cox (UK), Heike Fricke (Germany), James Gillespie (USA), Andrea Massimo Grassi (Italy), Alan R. Kay (USA), Joze Kotar (Slovenia), Milan Milosevic (Canada), Jean-Marie Paul (France), Kyrill Rybakov (Russia), Vladimir Skorokhodov (Belarus), Robert Spring (USA), Stephan Vermeersch (Belgium), Eva Wasserman-Margolis (Israel), Anton Weinberg (UK) and Floyd Williams (Australia).


International Clarinet Association

The International Clarinet Association is the main international organization bringing together players of the clarinet. It is based in the United States. The ICA publishes a quarterly journal "The Clarinet", produces an annual festival "ClarinetFest", supports a research library and score collection, and in other ways advances the international study of the clarinet.

ECA

ECA may refer to:

European Clarinet Association

The European Clarinet Association is association that assembles clarinetists from various European countries.
At the 2009 ClarinetFest in Porto, Portugal, a group of European clarinetists decided to found the European Clarinet Association - ECA. The Board of Directors included clarinetists from different European regions, under the leadership of Matthias Müller from Zurich. 
The aims of the European Clarinet Association are:


Educational technologist

An educational technologist is someone trained in the field of educational technology. Educational technologists try to analyze, design, develop, implement and evaluate processes and tools to make learning easier. The term does not necessarily, or even mainly, refer to hardware. The most significant ideas came from applied psychology and programmed learning.

There are various other terms which are alternatives, most obviously 'instructional technologist'. There have been various names for institutions specialising in the activity. The description used originally at the UK Open University was 'Applied Educational Sciences', changed later to 'Institute of Educational Technology'. To produce the landmark program "Sesame Street", the Childrens' Television Workshop employed applied psychologists to pre-test all programs. This was a typical activity for educational technologists even if they were not called by that name.



Māori religion

Traditional Māori religion, a pre-European belief system of the Māori, was very like the religion of the tropical Eastern Polynesian homeland (Hawaiki Nui). Both religions conceive of everything, including natural elements, all living things, and that all are connected by common descent through whakapapa or genealogy. All things were thought of as possessing a life force or mauri. Illustrating this concept of connectedness through genealogy are the major personifications of pre-contact times. 

Tangaroa was the personification of the ocean and the ancestor or origin of all fish; Tāne was the personification of the forest and the origin of all birds. Rongo was the personification of peaceful activities and agriculture and the ancestor of cultivated plants. According to some, the supreme personification of the Māori was Io; however this idea is controversial.

Vincent du Vigneaud

Vincent du Vigneaud (May 18, 1901 – December 11, 1978) was an American biochemist. He won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1955 for his work on oxytocin.

Du Vigneaud was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied chemistry at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and then worked for the chemical company DuPont for one year. He then went back to university to study for his Ph.D degree. He received his Ph.D in 1927. He taught for one year at the medical school of Johns Hopkins University and then went to Europe. He did research in Dresden in Germany and at the medical school of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. When he went back to America, he became a professor at the University of Illinois. In 1932 he moved to the George Washington University Medical School. In 1938 he moved to Cornell University Medical College in New York City. He was a professor at Cornell until he retired in 1967. 

Stove fan

Stove fans are small fans that are usually set on top of a wood-burning stove, although they can be put on top of anything warm, like an oven. A stove will slowly radiate heat into the surrounding room, but it can take a long time for this to warm up a room. A fan will make air move past the stove and into the room, which will make the room warm up much faster. (This type of heat is called "convection.")

Although any kind of fan can help warm move air around a room, this type of stove fan is placed directly on the top of the stove. You don't plug it in, and it doesn't have any batteries. Instead, the heat from the stove itself causes the fan to move.

There are two main ways a stove fan can work:


Englischer Garten

The Englischer Garten, German for "English Garden", is a large public park in the centre of Munich, Bavaria, Germany stretching from the city centre to the northeastern city limits. It was created in 1789 by Sir Benjamin Thompson (1753–1814), later Count Rumford (Reichsgraf von Rumford), for Prince Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria. Thompsons' successors, Reinhard von Werneck (1757–1842) and Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell (1750–1823), advisers on the project from its beginning, both extended and improved the park.

Benjamin Zephaniah

Benjamin Obadiah Iqbal Zephaniah (15 April 1958 – 6 December 2023) was a British Jamaican writer, dub poet and Rastafarian. He was included in "The Times" list of Britain's top 50 post-war writers in 2008.

Zephaniah was a young black boy who had dyslexia and encountered Racism at his new school in Birmingham. He grew up in Handsworth up until the age of 9 when his mother who was also a Jamaican nurse who fled from his father who was a postman back in Barbados. Leaving his twin sister Velda and other siblings Zephaniah felt isolated as being a young black boy with a disability

Zephaniah faced prejudice frequently while residing in London and was involved in the racial riots of the 1980s: "They happened all around me. Racism was really evident back then. The National Front opposed foreigners and people of color, and the police were also very racist.

Zephaniah died on 6 December 2023 because of a brain tumor at the age of 65.


Gabriel Pereira de Castro

Gabriel Pereira de Castro (1571-1632) was a Portuguese priest, lawyer and poet.

Gabriel Pereira de Castro was born in Braga on 7 February 1571. He became a priest there. Then he studied law at the University of Coimbra. He died on 18 October 1632 in Lisbon.

Gabriel Pereira de Castro wrote some books about law. He is however known chiefly for his epic poem "Ulisseia ou Lisboa Edificada" ("Ulisseia or Lisbon Built"). It was published in 1636. It consists of ten books. It is written in ottava rima. Its form is typical for Renaissance epic poems. The poem imitates "The Lusiads" by Luís Vaz de Camões. It is about the founding of the town of Lisbon by Ulysses (Odysseus).



Grossdietwil

Grossdietwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Hergiswil bei Willisau

Hergiswil bei Willisau is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Télécom Paris

Télécom Paris (also known as ENST or Télécom or École nationale supérieure des télécommunications, also Télécom ParisTech until 2019) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Télécom Paris.

Most of the 1600 graduate engineer students at Télécom Paris live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at Télécom Paris relate to the following topics:



Luthern

Luthern is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Hofstatt, Flühlen, Luthern, Luthern Dorf and Luthern Bad.


Menznau

Menznau is a municipality of the district Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


USRC General Green

USRC "General Green" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Although misspelled, she was named for the Revolutionary War hero Major General Nathanael Greene.

The "General Green" was launched on July 7, 1791 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was built by shipwright David Price and stationed in the Delaware Bay. Her first master was James Montegomery. In 1791, her First Mate was Isaac Roach and her Second Mate was Charles Nuttle. "General Green" was rigged as a schooner with a displacement of and had a crew including four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. She was armed with 10 four-pounder guns. Her first patrol was on July 7, 1791. The "General Green" was sold in December, 1797. She was replaced by the "USRC General Green (1797)" which was built to be loaned out to the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France. 



Coby Bryant

Coby Bryant (born March 29, 1999) is an American football cornerback for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Cincinnati.

Armancourt, Somme

Armancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about southeast of Amiens.

Arrest, Somme

Arrest is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 868.

Arvillers

Arvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 737.

Assainvillers

Assainvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 165.

Assevillers

Assevillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 267.

Athies, Somme

Athies is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 2006.

Aubercourt

Aubercourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 57.

Development regions of the Dominican Republic

The development regions of the Dominican Republic are groups of provinces made only for planning purposes and without any administrative function. They were created on 30 June 2004.

There are 10 development regions in three groups:
Cibao

Suroeste 

Sureste
The population data in the following tables are from the last national census ().

The Cibao is one of the tradicional division of the country; it corresponds with the northern half of the country.


Aubigny, Somme

Aubigny is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 528.

Aubvillers

Aubvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 114.

Auchonvillers

Auchonvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 137.

Aumâtre

Aumâtre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 204.

Aumont, Somme

Aumont is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 138.

Authie, Somme

Authie is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The river Authie begins in Coigneux.

Avelesges

Avelesges is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is 44 km away from Amiens.

Avesnes-Chaussoy

Avesnes-Chaussoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 54.

Ayencourt

Ayencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 194.

Bacouel-sur-Selle

Bacouel-sur-Selle is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 474.

Bailleul, Somme

Bailleul is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2012 the population was 278.

Baizieux

Baizieux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 213.

Balâtre

Balâtre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 83.

Barleux

Barleux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 264.

Bavelincourt

Bavelincourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2017 the population was 106.

Bayencourt

Bayencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 83.

Bazentin

Bazentin is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 76.

Beaucamps-le-Jeune

Beaucamps-le-Jeune is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 191.

Bangarra Dance Theatre

Bangarra Dance Theatre is an Australian dance company. It specialises in presenting works by Indigenous Australian dancers, choreographers and musicians. It began in 1989. It is based in Sydney. Bangarra Dance Theatre performed in the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2000 Summer Olympics.


Smokey Mountain

Smokey Mountain is a big landfill site in Manila in the Philippines. It was called "Smokey Mountain" because of the thick smoke coming from burning waste. There were 2 million tons of waste dumped there. It made a big mountain. Many poor people lived in a shanty town at Smokey Mountain. They earned money by selling things they found in the dumped waste. These were things like plastic bottles, glass, cardboard, and copper wire.

The Philippine government closed Smokey Mountain in 1995. No more waste was dumped there. The government cleaned up the landfill site. They covered up the mountain of waste with dirt. They planted grass and trees. They knocked down the shanty town. New houses were built next to Smokey Mountain. 

This did not stop all the problems. Many poor people moved to a new landfill very close to Smokey Mountain. Waste is still dumped in that new landfill. The poor people built a new shanty town there. In the new landfill they still work all day looking in the waste for things they can sell.

Vulnicura

Vulnicura is the ninth studio album by Icelandic singer-songwriter Björk released in March 2015. The album deals the break-up with her long-time partner Matthew Barney chronologically. The name Vulnicura is a latin word that means "Cure for wounds".

The album was produced by Björk, Venezuelan producer Arca and British producer The Haxan Cloak. To promote the album, Björk embarked in the Vulnicura Tour. No song was released as promotional single.

It received universal acclaim from music critics and drew comparison to Björk previous albums Homogenic (1997) and Vespertine due to its instrumentation (strings and electronic beats) as well as its lyrical content.

Two different versions of the album were released during 2015 and 2016: Vulnicura Strings, which feature all the songs with new string arrangements, and Vulnicura Live, featuring Live versions of the album tracks as well as songs from her previous albums with new arrangements.


1932 Cuba hurricane

The 1932 Cuba hurricane was (at the time) the deadliest hurricane in the history of Cuba. The storm was the only Category 5 Atlantic hurricane in the month of November until 2020. 

Cuba was hit with heavy storm surge during the hurricane. Few buildings withstood the storm.

There were around 3,033 deaths in Cuba from the storm. It did over US$40 million in damage on the island.

The storm also affected the Cayman Islands, Bermuda and the Bahamas.

Nebikon

Nebikon is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Ohmstal

Ohmstal was a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ohmstal merged into the municipality of Schötz.

Pfaffnau

Pfaffnau is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schwarzenbach, Lucerne

Schwarzenbach is a village and former municipality of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2005, it is part of the municipality of Beromünster.

United States Life-Saving Service

The United States Life-Saving Service (USLSS) was a United States government agency that grew out of concerns for saving the lives of shipwrecked sailors and ship's passengers. The federal life-saving service was established on June 28, 1848 as an agency of the United States Department of the Treasury. In 1915, the USLSS merged with the United States Revenue Cutter Service to form the United States Coast Guard.

Large areas of the Atlantic coast of the United States were relatively unpopulated during the 18th and 19th centuries. Any ship that ran aground, even within sight of land, could not expect much help. Even if people saw a ship in trouble they did not have organizations or the equipment to go out and rescue those who were in trouble. Even in places like New York Harbor ships could run aground on sandbars during storms and not have anyone to help them. In a storm a ship caught on a sandbar could be broken into pieces in just hours. Some survivors might be able to swim to shore, but in winter they could die from hypothermia before anyone might find and help them. An example was the American sailing ship "Mexico". In 1837 it ran aground on the New Jersey coast and before anyone knew of the wreck, all 112 passengers had died.

There were early organizations that provided life-saving services in certain areas. For instance, in 1786, the Massachusetts Humane Society was formed by a number of Boston citizens who were concerned over the needless loss of life from shipwrecks in the area. They started the first lifeboat station at Cohasset, Massachusetts in 1807. These stations were small sheds that held the small boats and equipment that volunteers could use to rescue mariners. The society had recognized that only small boats were useful for life-saving since larger boats risked being shipwrecked as well. But the early sheds were only placed near busy ports and large areas of the coast remained unprotected.

On 14 August, 1848, Congress approved s for equipment for volunteers to provide life-saving rescues on the coastlines of New Jersey, New York and Massachusetts. Some funds went to the Massachusetts Humane Society because of their leadership in providing rescues for shipwreck victims. In 1850, a lifeboat station was built in Rhode Island and others were built in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Texas. In 1854, Congress approved $12,500 for metal surfboats for use in the Great Lakes. While Congress was providing funds from time to time, the efforts to save shipwrecked crews was still largely unorganized. Lifeboat stations and equipment were not kept up. Some equipment was stolen while the buildings were suffering from neglect and the effects of the weather on the shorelines. When the ship "Powhattan" was lost on April 16, 1852 and over 200 people died, the wreck happened just from a lifeboat station. To make matters worse, the bodies that washed up on shore were robbed of their belongings and left there. This got Congress to begin thinking about creating a federal life-saving service. In 1854 they began to take actions toward creating such a service. But progress on the idea stalled during the American Civil War.

The 1870 Atlantic hurricane season caused widespread destruction and casualties on a large scale. There was an national call for Congress to do something. Sumner Increase Kimball was an attorney who had joined the United States Department of the Treasury in 1862. In 1871 he was appointed to head the Life-Saving Bureau. Under his leadership the service was extended to the West Coast and the Great Lakes.

At this time there were two ways to save people in the water. One, which was used if the ship was close, was to rig a breeches buoy, a device on a rope used to pull someone to safety. The other method was to use a boat to row out through the surf to reach victims. Boats at this time were around long and were partially covered to keep water out. Crews often rowed through waves that were higher than the length of their boats. In about 1907, the boats began using gasoline-powered engines.

On January 28, 1915, the U.S. Coast Guard was formed by combining the Revenue Cutter Service with the Life-Saving Service. The law provided retirement of Kimball and many of the services' older employees. During its 44 year existence, the Life-Saving Service provided help to 28,121 ships and 178,741 people. During this time only 1,455 people lost their lives in rescues or attempted rescues by the USLSS.


Jan Matejko

Jan Alojzy Matejko (; also known as Jan Mateyko; 24 June 1838 – 1 November 1893) was a Polish painter. He is generally regarded as the greatest one in the 19th century.

Jan Matejko was born in Kraków (Cracow). on 24 June 1838. His father was Czech musician František Xaver Matějka (in Poland Franciszek Ksawery Matejko), a music teacher. His mother was Joanna Karolina Rossberg, who was half-German. He was never good at school. He never learned a foreign language well. However, he showed great artistic talent.

He studied at the School of Fine Arts in Kraków from 1852 to 1858. His professors were Wojciech Korneli Stattler and Władyslaw Łuszczkiewicz. He also studied in Munich and Vienna. Then he returned to Kraków and stayed in the town for the rest of his life. He was the principal of the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków. Among his students were Jacek Malczewski, Józef Mehoffer and Stanisław Wyspiański.

Matejko died on 1 November 1893 in Kraków. He is buried at Rakowicki Cemetery in Kraków.

Matejko is famous for his historical paintings. He painted portraits, too, especially those of his children. His best known paintings are "Astronomer Copernicus - Conversation with God", "Hanging of the Zygmunt bell", "Prussian Homage" and "Battle of Grunwald". He also published a book named "Portraits of Polish Kings" (1890). Most of these portraits are imaginary, meaning he painted kings and princes who lived many centuries before. There are no earlier pictures of them.

Union of Azerbaijani Writers

The Union of Azerbaijani Writers () is the largest public organization of Azerbaijani writers, poets and publicists. It has over 1500 members at present. It was founded on June 13, 1934. At this time Azerbaijan was a part of the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.

It is currently chaired by the writer Anar since 1987. He is the son of writer Rasul Rza. Rza was the chairman between 1938–1939.

USRC Scammel (1791)

Scammel was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. The "Schammel" was named by Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton, after the American Revolutionary War Adjutant general of the army, Alexander Scammell. General Scammell was captured by the British at the Battle of Yorktown and shot. As with the USRC "General Green" (1791), the name is misspelled. The "Scammel" was built at Portsmouth, New Hampshire and launched in 1791. She was used to patrol New England waters.

The "Scammel" was built at Portsmouth but problems delayed her construction. She was not launched until a month after the USRC General Green (1791), on August 24, 1791. She was to be stationed at Portsmouth and her patrol area was from Nantucket, Massachusetts to the Passamaquoddy Bay in Maine. Her first master was Hopley Yeaton, the first seagoing officer to be commissioned in the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service. John Parrott was the second mate while John Adams was third mate. Originally Hamilton had some difficulty in finding a first mate when the "Scammel" went into service. In November 1792, John Adams was promoted to first mate and Benjamin Gunnerson became the new second mate. The first-named cutter "Scammel" was sold Sold on 16 August 1798.

"Scammel" was a schooner which was built at a cost of $1,225.65. She displaced about She was long by wide and had a draft of . She had a crew of four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. Her arms included 10 muskets and 20 pistols.



Moon landing

A Moon landing is the arrival of a spacecraft on the surface of the Moon. It is a follow up to Project Mercury. This includes both crewed and uncrewed (robotic) missions. The first man-made object to reach the surface of the Moon was the Soviet Union's Luna 2 mission, on 13 September 1959.

The United States' Apollo 11 was the first crewed mission to land on the Moon, on 20 July 1969. There have been six missions with people onboard that landed on the Moon between 1969 and 1972. There were also numerous landings without people onboard, with no soft landings happening from 22 August 1976 until 14 December 2013.

To date, the United States is the only country to have successfully landed humans on the Moon. The last mission was in December, 1972, and the last human to walk on the Moon was Gene Cernan.

Lady Mary Wortley Montagu

Lady Mary Wortley Montagu (baptized 26 May 1689 – 21 August 1762) was an English letter writer and poet. She is famous for her letters about her travels to the Ottoman Empire. Her husband was the British ambassador to Turkey. She also introduced and encouraged smallpox inoculation to Britain. 

Xu Zhimo

Xu Zhimo (; Pronunciation: Hsü Chih-mo, 1897-1931) was a Chinese poet. Influenced by western poetries, his romantic work style was a great contribution to modern Chinese literature. His poetry is usually about love, beauty and freedom.

Xu Zhimo was originally given the name Zhangxu when he was born on January 15th, 1895. He was the only child from a rich family in Xiashi town, China. Though Zhimo’s father had always wanted him to either become a successful businessman or a scholar, Zhimo had shown interest in nature since he was a child. He started studying at age of five, which was early at that time. His teachers considered him an intelligent, clever, and active student.

Later on, in Hangzhou Secondary School, he not only had excellent academic performance but also made many friends whom they shared the same interest ― writing. That was also when Zhimo started to show his great writing ability. Right after his first marriage in 1915, Zhimo continued his study in Tianjin University. There he met Liang Qichao, a well-known Chinese writer who first encouraged him to go study in the U.S.

Xu Zhimo went to the U.S. to accomplish his education in 1918. He first studied history in Clark University, and then transferred to Cornell and Columbia Universities for economics in 1919. During the time in Columbia University, he wrote articles about social issues and political science. In 1920, he left for London School of Economics and Political Science because he wanted to study with Bertrand Russell and Harold Laski, the two philosopher and theorist whom he really admired. Later he went to King’s College, Cambridge, where he was influenced by English poets such as Keats and Shelley. Being taught by Goldsworthy Lowes Dickinson, it was when Zhimo started working on poetries that showed influence of English romantic literature. Before returning to China, Zhimo had translated some English and French romantic works into Chinese.  

In China, he put most of his efforts on producing poetries, in which he combined western romantic elements and modern Chinese forms. He published a monthly magazine “Goal”, which was to encourage Chinese people to achieve their goals. With Liang Qichao and Hu Shi, Zhimo formed a poetry society, “The Crescent Moon Society”. Their modern work style and the everyday language tone in their works were huge breakthroughs in Chinese literature. 

In the last few years of his life he was editors in several bookstores and professors in many universities. 
Xu Zhimo, throughout his life, was pursuing beauty, freedom and love. In search of true love, there were three especially important women ― Zhang Youyi, Lin Huiyin and Lu Xiaoman, who influenced both Zhimo’s life and works.

By the time Zhimo graduated from Hangzhou Secondary School in 1915, his father arranged his marriage with Zhang Youyi, which was a Chinese tradition that Zhimo tried to get rid of. Later while he was studying at Cambridge University in 1920, he met Lin Huiyin, who was also influenced by western culture and English romantic literature. They fell in love and that was when Zhimo was able to produce many romantic poetries about love.

Zhimo then divorced with Zhang Youyi in 1922. However, Lin Huiyin decided to go back to China and marry Liang Qichao’s son, Liang Sicheng. In order to search for Huiyin, Zhimo returned to China. He met Lu Xiaoman in Beijing and they were both impressed by each other’s talents and knowledge. They soon fell in love with each for several years and got married in 1926 and lived happily for the first few years. However, when Xiaoman became wasteful, Zhimo had to teach in two universities to sustain the expenditure. That was also when Zhimo’s production in poems decreased.

On November 19th, 1931, Zhimo took a plane from Beijing to Nanjing in order to attend Lin Huiyin’s speech. During the flight the plane crashed into the hills near Jinan because of the thick fog. Zhimo died at the age of 35.

Xu Zhimo was the leader of modern Chinese poetry movement. He was one of the pioneers who combined modern and romantic elements in Chinese poetry. Influenced by western forms, his romantic works broke old Chinese literary forms. In his short life, Zhimo translated many English poems, published four poetry anthologies, four collections of essays, and many significant poetries. Also, as editors for many different monthly magazines, he promoted and introduced western literature and liberal ideas to Chinese people.

William Blake - The Tiger, Thomas Hardy - A Week, The Wound, The Division, Her Initials, To The Moon, I Look into My Glass, Katherine Mansfield - The Meeting, The Gulf, Sleeping Together, James Elroy Flecker - Tenebris Interlucentem V. II, Matthew Arnold - Requiescat, Christina Rossetti - Song, The Hour and the Ghost

By Chance, Go, It is Not Easy to Survive Nowadays, Spring, Saying Goodbye to Cambridge Again (also: Leaving Cambridge), Cricket, I Don’t Know Which Direction the Wind is Blowing, Insignificance, You Are in His Eyes, Wind in the Pines at Midnight, The Wide Sea, A P'i-pa Tune in an Alley at Midnight 


Reiden

Reiden is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Langnau bei Reiden and Richenthal merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Canary Wharf

Canary Wharf is a major business district in Tower Hamlets, East London. It is one of the United Kingdom's two main financial centres, second only to the traditional City of London. It contains many of Europe's tallest buildings, including the second-tallest in the UK, One Canada Square. Canary Wharf is located on the West India Docks on the Isle of Dogs.

From 1802 to the late 1980s, the Canary Wharf Estate was a part of Millwall, Limehouse and Poplar and was one of the busiest docks in the world. West India Docks was primarily developed by Robert Milligan (c. 1746–1809) who set up the West India Dock Company. After the 1960s, the port industry began to decline, leading to all the docks being closed by 1980.

The Canary Wharf of today is a complete reworking of the old dock area into a new business area. 
Initially, the City of London saw Canary Wharf as a threat. Recovery in the property market generally, and demand for Grade A office space, improved the level of interest. A critical event was the much-delayed start of work on the Jubilee line extension, which the government wanted ready for the Millennium celebrations.

Canary Wharf has stations on the Jubilee Line and the Docklands Light Railway and since 2022 the Elizabeth Line.

Antonina Domańska

Antonina Domańska (September 1853 – 26 January 1917) was a Polish writer. She wrote lots of books for children.

Antonina Domańska was born in September 1853 in Kamieniec Podolski (now in Ukraine). The exact date of birth is unknown. She was a daughter of physician Aleksander Kremer and Modesta Płońska. She was the aunt of a poet Lucjan Rydel. In 1865 she moved to Kraków (Cracow). She met her future husband, Stanisław Domański there. He was a physician. She was present at Lucjan Rydel's wedding in the village of Bronowice near Kraków in 1900. This is why she was portrayed in the drama "Wesele" ("The Wedding") by Stanisław Wyspiański. She died in on 26 January 1917.

Domańska's most famous books for children are "Historia żółtej ciżemki" ("The Story of Yellow Shoe", 1913) and "Paziowie króla Zygmunta" ("King Sigismund's Pageboys", 1910). Two films were based on them.

USRC Argus

USRC "Argus (1791)" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Of the first ten cutters, the "Argus" was in service the longest. 

"Argus" was built and launched in 1791 at New London, Connecticut where she remained stationed. The first-named Argus was sold in 1804. "Argus" was designed as a sloop. She was long by wide and had a draft of . She displaced about .

Jonathan Maltbie was her first master. He died on 11 Feb. 1798 while still in command of the "Argus". He served in the Continental Navy during and after the American Revolutionary War. His last assignment was as a first lieutenant on the frigate "USS Trumbull."


Garuda Indonesia Flight 152

Garuda Indonesia Flight 152 was a scheduled domestic Indonesian passenger flight from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta to Polonia International Airport in Medan, North Sumatra. It was flown using an Airbus A300B4 registered PK-GAI and operated Garuda Indonesia.

On September 26, 1997, Flight 152, piloted by Hance Rahmowiyogo, crashed into mountainous woodlands from Medan during low visibility caused by the 1997 Southeast Asian haze. All 234 passengers and crew were killed in the disaster. Rahmowiyogo, age 42, had over 20 years of flying experience at Garuda Indonesia and over 12,000 flying hours. The crash site was in a ravine near the village of Buah Nabar in the Sibolangit district south of Medan.

Flight 152 remains the deadliest single-plane crash in Indonesia, and the deadliest aviation accident in 1997.

Guairá Department

The Guairá department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Villarrica. Its code is PY-04.

The Guairá department is in the central part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , one of the smallest of the "Oriental" region and of the country, with an estimated population (2013) of 198,532 for a population density of .


The highest points of Paraguay are in the Guairá department; these are:

The main river in the department is the "Tebicuary", a tributary of the Paraguay river. The "Tebicuari-mi" is an important tributary of the Tebicuari.

, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Villarrica was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2014 in Villarrica was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 18 districts:



Julie Trustrup Jensen

Julie Trustrup Jensen (born 6 April 1994) is a Danish football midfielder who plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen. Since 2013, she has been a member of the senior Danish national team.

Trustrup Jensen played for B73 Slagelse until 2009, when she joined Brøndby IF. Good form in season 2010–11 led to Trustrup Jensen being named Denmark's Young Player of the Year. She scored a goal in the 3–2 Danish Women's Cup final win over rivals Fortuna Hjørring. She quit football in 2014 to travel round the world, but soon came back to her career with Brøndby. In June 2015 she scored an injury time winning goal in the Cup final against Fortuna, as Brøndby won 2–1.

Trustrup Jensen's first match for Denmark came in September 2013. She was a substitute for Brøndby team-mate Nanna Christiansen after 53 minutes of a 4–0 friendly win over Hungary in Budapest.


Acanthuridae

Acanthuridae is the family of surgeonfish, tangs, and unicornfish. 

The family includes about 86 living species. It is made up of marine fish living in tropical seas, usually around coral reefs. Many of the species are brightly colored and popular for aquaria.

One of the characteristics of this family is that they have spines on the tail (also known as "thorn tail").

Most species of the family are of small size, between 15-40 cm (6-15 in), but the genera "Prionorus" or "Naso" can be larger. 

State of Palestine

The State of Palestine is a partially recognized country in southwestern Asia. It claims East Jerusalem as its capital, however its administrative center is located in Ramallah. It is recognized by 139 United Nations members. Since 2012, it has non-member observer status in the United Nations. This amounts to a "de facto", or implicit, recognition of statehood.

The Palestinian National Authority claims the West Bank and the Gaza Strip as its territory. It declared independence on 15 November 1988. In 2012, the United Nations voted to recognize it as a State. On 26 February 2024, the Palestinian government collapsed.


Cauquenes Province

Cauquenes Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and largest city is Cauquenes.

The Cauquenes province has an area of , the smallest province in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Cauquenes, is about southwest of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the north by the Talca province, to the east by the Linares province, to the south by the Ñuble province (Bío Bío region) and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 57,088 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 38,660 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Cauquenes, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 30,771.

As a province, Cauquenes is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 8 communes ("comunas"). The city of Cauquenes serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Acanthuroidei

Acanthuroidei is a suborder of Perciformes, the largest order of fishes.

Members of this suborder have a vertically-shaped body covered with small scales. The name for the suborder comes from that of the surgeonfish (Acanthuridae) family. It is got from the Greek words "akantha" and "oura", which loosely translate as "thorn" and "tail".

21 Mincing Lane

The Minster Court complex, at 21 Mincing Lane, is an important building in the City of London.

The London Underwriting Centre (LUC) is there. It runs in parallel with the Underwriting Room at Lloyd's of London. It may be visited by up to 4,000 brokers each day.

Julian Brazier

Sir Julian William Hendy Brazier (born 24 July 1953) is a British Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury from 1987 to 2017.

St Botolph Building

The St Botolph Building is an office building in Houndsditch, London. The commercial office opened in January 2011.

It is one of a number of landmark buildings recently developed to the east of the Gherkin in the City of London. It is in the centre of the UK insurance industry.

GR 8 (galaxy)

GR 8, or UGC 8091, is a gas-rich dwarf galaxy. The NED database gives the distance between this galaxy and the Earth as about 7.9 million light years. Although near the Milky Way, it is not decided whether it is a member of the Local Group.



Wacław Potocki

Wacław Potocki (1621 – 1696) was a Polish Baroque poet.

Wacław Potocki was born in the village named Wola Łużańska near the town of Biecz in Southern Poland. He was a member of noblemen family. They were Polish Brethren, Christians of the Minor Reformed Church. He was married to Katarzyna Morsztyn. After all Polish Brethren were given order either to become Roman Catholic or to go out of Poland forever, he changed his faith. Wacław Potocki died at Łużna in 1696. He was buried in Francuscan Church in Biecz.

Wacław Potocki wrote a lot. He is the author of "Ogród fraszek" ("The Garden of Verses") that consists of more than 2 000 short poems. Another book by Potocki, named "Moralia" is composed of more than 2 000 pieces, too. This was based on "Adagia" by Erasmus of Rotterdam. He wrote many poems, sometimes in ottava rima. His best known work is an epic poem "Wojna chocimska" ("The War of Chocim"). It was compared by Claude Backvis, a Belgian scholar, to John Milton's Paradise Lost. It narrates about the great battle against the Turks. The battle was fought in 1621, when the poet was born. The poem was written fifty years after. It is in heroic couplets. Lines of the poem consist of thirteen syllables with feminine rhymes.


New7Wonders of the World

New7Wonders of the World (2000–2007) was an idea to choose new Wonders of the World from a selection of 200 existing monuments. The popularity poll was led by Canadian-Swiss Bernard Weber and organized by the New7Wonders Foundation in Zürich, Switzerland. Winners were announced on 7 July 2007 in Lisbon.

The foundation took only private donations and the sale of broadcast advertising. It had no public funding or taxpayers' money. After the final announcement, New7Wonders said it did not make money and barely recovered its investment.

The seven wonders of the world can be seen on various Celebrity Cruises itineraries.

The program caused different reactions from countries and organisations. Some countries praised their finalist and tried to get more people to vote for it. Others criticized the contest or did not think it was very important. 

In the beginning, UNESCO helped the New7Wonders Foundation by giving advice on nominee selection. Then they decided they could not continue to help. Saying they have to give equal status to all world heritage sites, they dropped out of the program in 2001 and again in 2007.

In 2007 the Foundation became partners with the United Nations to help promote their shared goals. The UN posted on its website:
But in a press release on June 20, 2007, UNESCO said again that it has no link with the "private initiative".
In Brazil there was a campaign named "Vote no Cristo" (Vote for the Christ) which had the support of private companies. Among them were telecommunications workers that stopped charging voters to make telephone calls and SMS messages to vote. Also, important corporate sponsors spent millions of Brazilian reals in an effort to have the statue voted into the top seven. These included a banking company (Banco Bradesco) and a television network (Rede Globo). Newsweek magazine said the campaign was so widespread that:

An article in Newsweek said that an estimated 10 million Brazilians had voted in the contest by early July. An airplane message, with a huge flying sign "4916 VOTE FOR CHRIST" flew in Rio de Janeiro for a month.

Egyptians were not happy that the only surviving ancient wonder, the Great Pyramid of Giza, would have to compete with the Statue of Liberty, the Sydney Opera House, and other modern sites. "This is probably a conspiracy against Egypt, its civilization and monuments", a state-owned daily newspaper wrote.

The Minister of Culture of Egypt, Farouq Hosny said the project was "absurd". Nagib Aymin, an Egyptian expert on World Heritage Sites, said that "in addition to the commercial aspect, the vote has no scientific basis."

After the complaints from Egypt, the Pyramids of Giza were named an honarary candidate, and removed from the voting. They were listed as one of the 21 finalists and given honorary status among the winners.

The New7Wonders Foundation said that more than 100 million votes were cast through the Internet or by telephone. Voting by the Internet was limited to one vote for seven monuments per person. More voting was allowed by telephone. This led to criticism that the poll was not valid. At the time, New7Wonders Foundation had "the largest poll on record".

The Great Pyramid of Giza was granted honorary status. It is the largest and oldest of the three pyramids at the Giza Necropolis in Egypt. It is also the only structure still remaining of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

Esociformes

Esociformes are a small order of ray-finned fish (the Actinopterygii). There are two families, the Umbridae (mudminnows) and the Esocidae (pikes).

The Esocidae are named after the pike genus "Esox". One highly successful species is "Esox lucius" or northern pike. 

The Esociform fishes live in freshwater, in North America and northern Eurasia.
The order is very similar to the Salmonidae.

The family Esocidae has three extant genera ("Esox", "Novumbra", and "Dallia") that comprise a holarctic distribution.

Umbridae is another family. So far, the genus "Umbra" is the only extant genus. The other genera have gone extinct.

Matilda (name)

Matilda (or Mathilda) is a female first name. The name comes from Gothic language. It also comes from the Old High German words "maht" (meaning "might" and "strength") and "hild" (meaning "battle). The pronunciation of the name is [ m"uh"-til-d"uh" ]. 

The name has been popular in Scandinavian countries. "Mathilde" appeared in the Top 10 most popular names for girls in Denmark in 2008. "Mathilde" was also very popular in Norway, Sweden and Finland. The name has also risen in popularity in other European countries.

As "Matilda", the name was most popular in the United States between 1880 and 1910. During those years, it was in the Top 200 names for girls. It went out of the Top 1,000 names in the United States by 1964. However, it reappeared 44 years later in the Top 1,000 names. 



Bethany (given name)

Bethany [beth-uh-nee]is a female first name. It comes from the Biblical place Bethany, the town where Lazarus lived in the New Testament.The origin of the name Bethany can be traced back to the Hebrew term bethania, which translates to "house of figs" or "house of affliction."In English speaking countries, Bethany has been very popular. It was the 59th most popular name for England and Wales in 2010. In 1999, it had gone as high as number 11. In the United States, the name was the 87th most popular in the late 1980s. This name is ranked #646 on the "Popular Names in 2021". 

"Beth" is a short version of this name. "Beth" can also be a short version of the female name Elizabeth.



Santiago, Cape Verde

Santiago (Portuguese for “Saint James”), or Santiagu in Cape Verdean Creole, is the largest island of the Cape Verde archipelago. It is the most important agricultural centre and home to half the nation’s population. Praia, the capital of the country is in this island.

The Santiago island is part of the Macaronesia, a group of islands in the Atlantic Ocean with similar ecosystems.

The island was discovered in around 1460 by António de Noli (or António da Noli), a 15th-century nobleman and navigator from Genoa that worked for Henry the Navigator of Portugal. De Noli founded in 1462 the old capital of the islands, Ribeira Grande, now known as Cidade Velha.

 (last national census), there were 273,919 people living in the island, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the island is Praia, its capital, with a population, in 2010, of 131,602.

Santiago is in the southern "Sotavento" group of islands, at about to the west of the island of Maio and at about to the east of the island of Fogo.

The Santiago island has an area of ; it is long, north to south, and about wide, east to west.

The island is mountainous, although slightly flatter in the southeast. There are two volcanic mountain ranges:


There are two natural parks in the island to protect the plants and animals in the two mountain ranges:

Praia, in the southeast coast, has a Tropical and Subtropical Desert climate (Köppen climate classification : Bwh).

The average temperature for the year in Praia is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Praia is 8.3". The month with the most precipitation on average is August with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is March without any precipitation. There are an average of 49.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in September with 7.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in December with 2.0 days.

The Santiago island is divided in 9 municipalities ("conselhos") and 10 parishes ("freguesias").

Jackson, Nebraska

Jackson is a village in Dakota County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 207 at the 2020 census.

Before Jackson was formed, the town Old St. John's was started about 1.5 miles north of where Jackson is on June 2nd, 1856 by a Catholic colony of sixty Irish immigrants led by Father Trecy. The colony was one of the first towns started in Dakota County, and the first group of Catholic people to start a town together in Nebraska. When the rising Missouri River started to make it dangerous to live there around 1860, all of the residents of Old St. John's moved south to what is now called Jackson.

Jackson was originally called Franklin, and was started with that name around 1860. The people who lived in there later found out that there was already a place in Nebraska that was called Franklin. To make things less confusing, they renamed the town after Andrew Jackson so nobody would get confused. St. Patrick's Catholic Church, which is in Jackson, is where the Nebraska State Historical Society put historical marker 34. The historical St. Patrick's Catholic church was built on land that was given to the church by the McCormick family around the time Jackson was started.

Jackson can be found at (42.448789, -96.566207).

The United States Census Bureau says that the village takes up about , of land.

Hayride

A hayride, which can also be called a hayrack ride, is an American activity where people go on a ride in an open truck, or wagon pulled by a tractor. Inside of the ride there is hay or straw for the people to sit on. Hayrides in the past were a way to celebrate the Autumn harvest. Hayrides today are usually started to give farms or companies a way to make more money during the fall. Sometimes hayrides are run by companies that help farms set up hayrides for people.

Hayrides on Halloween are called 'haunted hayrides'. During the fall, a hayride might let people stop near some pumpkins and pick one. These hayrides can put on a show with special effects and actors dressing up as ghosts, monsters, and other spooky creatures. Haunted hayrides attract people who like to get scared, and make money for farms during the Halloween season.

Even though hayrides are supposed to be a way for people to have fun, they can also be dangerous. Some hayrides have flipped over or gone off-road, hurting or killing people. Other kinds of accidents happen when hayrides crash into cars or trucks on the road. 

Robert Graves

Robert von Ranke Graves (also known as Robert Ranke Graves and most commonly Robert Graves; 24 July 1895 – 7 December 1985) was an English poet, novelist, critic and classicist. He wrote more than 140 works. He wrote poems about Greek myths and historical novels. Many of his novels were set in ancient Rome or were about stories from Greek myths. He also wrote about Greek myths and translated them into English.

Graves was born in Wimbledon, now part of London. He was the third of five children. His father was Alfred Perceval Graves (1846–1931). He came from an Irish family. His mother was Amalie von Ranke (1857–1951). She came from a German family. Robert went to many schools when he was young. In 1909 he won a scholarship to Charterhouse, a famous boarding school in Surrey.When the First World War began in August 1914, Graves joined the army right away. He wrote many poems about the war. He became a good friend of another war poet, Siegfried Sassoon. Graves was very badly wounded in the Battle of the Somme. He nearly died and was sent back to a hospital in England. He also had mental problems called by shell shock from the bad experience of battle. His mental problems lasted for several years. 

In 1918 he married the artist Nancy Nicholson. He went to study at Oxford University in 1919. At Oxford his good friend was T. E. Lawrence. He later wrote a biography of Lawrence called "Lawrence and the Arabs". His marriage to Nancy Nicholson ended in the 1920s. He went to live with the poet Laura Riding in Spain They lived in Deià, a small village on the island of Majorca. Graves and Laura Riding lived in America during the Spanish Civil War. Their relationship broke down in 1938. Graves went back to England. He fell in love with Beryl Hodge (1915–2003). Graves wrote many beautiful love poems to Beryl. They moved to Spain in 1946 and lived in Deià with their children. They were married in 1950. Their house in Deià is now a museum. From 1961 to 1966 Graves was Professor of Poetry at Oxford. 

Robert Graves died at his house in Deià on 7 December 1985. He was 90 years old. He was buried in a churchyard on a hill near his house. Graves had eight children—four with his first wife Nancy and four with his second wife Beryl.

Some of his most important novels were:


Sushil Chhetri

Sushil Chhetri () is a Nepalese actor who has worked in the Nepalese film industry for more than a decade. He debuted in Kollywood with the film ‘’Aaago’’ which received much hype and sensation. Unfortunately as the story based on the Maoist crisis it was banned before release. He is known for his movies Aago (2000), Gaajal (2001) and Anjuli (2002). Chhetri acted in 100s of Nepali movies and 11 Bhojpuri movies. Recently after a sort of disappearance from Nepali Film Industry, he came back with his new movie ‘’Bich Bato(2015)’’, before entering Kollywood as an actor he started his career as background dancer.

Chhetri completed his primary education from Tika High School, Kathmandu. He further completed I Com from Tahachal Campus and studied B Com till second year from Patan Campus.

Chhetri has been honoured with many prestigious awards from national and international organizations. He was one of the nominees for the categories of leading Actor in Dabur Anmol Motion Picture Award (2004) for the nepali movie ‘’’Triveni’’’. He was also honoured with the title ‘’’Best Actor’’’ in Kolkata for his first movie ‘’’Aago’’’ in Kalakar Awards. He received the award from Bollywood actress Rani Mukherjee.

Chhetri appeared in an Indian television series "The Ring" broadcasted on Star Plus.



Anastasia of Sirmium

Anastasia of Sirmium or Saint Anastasia was a Christian saint and martyr from the 4th century. She died at Sirmium in the Roman province of Pannonia Secunda. Today that place is in the modern country of Serbia. Little is known about her life. Most stories about her began many years after her death. Some stories say she was a Roman. Others say she was born in Sirmium. Roman Catholic tradition states that her mother was St. Fausta of Sirmium. She is as a healer and an exorcist. Her relics lie in the Cathedral of St. Anastasia in Zadar, Croatia. She is one of seven women, along with the Blessed Virgin Mary, who were mentioned by name in the Mass.

Her feast day is December 22 in the Eastern Orthodox Church church. It is January 15 in the Roman Catholic Church.

Protacanthopterygii

Procanthopterygii is a superorder of teleost fishes. These fish mostly live in temperate waters, and in the northern hemisphere. They may live in both fresh and salt water.

Best-known examples of this group are the salmon, trout, and pikes. 

The main groups are:

Hapsa Hatarnai

Hapsa Hatarnai is a Bodo ceremony performed by an individual household in the company of his neighbours while entering a new house or a homestead. The principal domestic deities, such as, Bathou, Mainao together with other lesser divinities are worshipped with prayers and oblations. The ceremony is consummated with liberal drinking of country liquor called 'zou' or 'zu' followed by feast.

Roggliswil

Roggliswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schötz

Schötz is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ohmstal merged into the municipality of Schötz.

Heaven Help Us All

"Heaven Help Us All" is a 1970 song by Stevie Wonder and taken from his 12th studio album "Signed, Sealed & Delivered". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 29 in the United Kingdom.

Babiker Awadalla

Babiker Awadalla (2 March 1917 – 17 January 2019) was a Sudanese Arab nationalist politician. He was born in Gitena, White Nile State.

He held the position of Speaker of the Parliament from 1954 to 1957, and became Chief Judge in 1964. In 1966, he resigned from the court in protest of the government's refusal to reinstate the Sudanese Communist Party, which the court had held to be unconstitutionally banned from parliament. After 1972, he moved to Egypt, and later Dublin, Ireland, where he lived until his death. He turned 100 in March 2017.

Awadalla was the oldest living former head of state or government, a title he has held from the death of Đỗ Mười on 1 October 2018. Awadalla died on 17 January 2019 in Dublin, aged 101.

Tom Hayden

Thomas Emmet "Tom" Hayden (December 11, 1939 – October 23, 2016) was an American social and political activist, author and politician. He was director of the Peace and Justice Resource Center in Los Angeles County, California. He was a member of the Chicago Seven.

Hayden was best known for his major role as an anti-war, civil rights and radical intellectual counterculture activist. Hayden was the former husband of actress Jane Fonda and the father of actor Troy Garity.

Hayden died in Santa Monica, California from heart disease and from complications of a stroke on October 23, 2016, aged 76.

Chung Won-shik

Chung Won-shik (5 August 1928 – 12 April 2020) was a South Korean politician, educator, soldier, and author. He was the 23rd Prime Minister of South Korea from 1991 through 1992. From 1951 to 1955, he served as an officer in the South Korean Army. Following that, he worked as a professor of Seoul National University. He served as South Korea's Education Minister from 1988 through 1990.

President Roh Tae-woo named him Acting Prime Minister on 24 May 1991. On 8 July 1991, he was appointed Prime Minister of South Korea. He ran for mayor of Seoul in 1995, but lost.

Chung died on 12 April 2020 in Seoul of kidney disease at the age of 91.

Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award

The Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award is an award given "in recognition of distinguished members of the newspaper profession whose words have brought honour to journalism and to hockey". Recipients are selected by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.


Foster Hewitt Memorial Award

The Foster Hewitt Memorial Award is an award named after Foster Hewitt and presented by the Hockey Hall of Fame to members of the radio and television industry who make outstanding contributions to their profession and the game of ice hockey during their broadcasting career. The award winners are selected by the NHL Broadcasters' Association.

This award should not be confused with the ACTRA Foster Hewitt Award, which was presented by ACTRA, the Canadian association of actors and broadcasters, for excellence in general sports broadcasting. That award was discontinued in 1986.


Bob McKenzie

Robert Malcomson "Bob" McKenzie (born August 16, 1956) is a Canadian hockey commentator who has covered ice hockey since joining TSN in 1986.

Growing up, McKenzie was a fan of the hometown Toronto Maple Leafs, and his favourite doughnut shop was Tim Hortons.

McKenzie provides analysis for "NHL on TSN" telecasts, as well as for international hockey events, notably the annual IIHF World U-20 Hockey Championship. He also covered the NHL Entry Draft. Prior to joining TSN, McKenzie was editor-in-chief of "The Hockey News" for nine years and a hockey columnist for "The Toronto Star" for six years.

McKenzie is heard weekly on the TSN 1040 in Vancouver on the "Canucks Lunch with Rick Ball", as well on TSN Radio 690 (CKGM) in Montreal, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday on the Morning Show at 8:05 a.m. He is also a frequent contributor to the Ottawa Senators pre-game show on TSN 1200 radio in Ottawa.

On May 7, 2015, McKenzie surpassed 1,000,000 followers on Twitter. He goes by the Twitter handle @TSNBobMcKenzie and his account has been verified by Twitter.

In October 2014, McKenzie began appearing as a full-time contributor on NBCSN.

He currently resides in Whitby, Ontario.


Elmer Ferguson

Elmer Ferguson (February 25, 1885 – April 26, 1972) was a Canadian sports journalist. Born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Ferguson moved to Montreal in 1910 and became the sports editor of the Montreal Herald in 1913. Ferguson was one of the most respected and promiant columnists of his time. He became a Hockey Hall of Fame media honouree in 1982 and was the namesake of the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award.

At the age of six, Ferguson started selling newspapers on the streets of Moncton, New Brunswick and became a copy boy with the Moncton Transcript when he was 17. He soon became a sports writer with the paper and became the news editor in 1910. With Ferguson as editor, the Moncton Transcript became the first Maritime newspaper to print a full sports page every day.

Soon after, Ferguson left for Montreal where he got a job as an editor at the Montreal Herald. He became sports editor of the paper in 1913 and soon became a well known sports journalist with his column "The Gist and the Jest of It". He was sports editor for the paper for 39 years and continued to write columns until the Herald folded in 1957. He continued to write columns for The Montreal Star until a few months before his death in 1972.

In addition to his work in the print media, he was also a colour commentator on radio broadcasts for the Montreal Maroons (1933–1938) and the Montreal Canadiens (1938–1967), where he was partnered with Hall of Fame broadcasters Doug Smith and Danny Gallivan.

Ferguson was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame as a builder in 1968. In 1984, Ferguson was recognized as one of the first Hockey Hall of Fame media honourees. The award that is given out was named the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award in his honour.

Bad (Bodo culture)

In the culture of the Bodo people, a bad (बाद) is a social crime or offense. There are five different types of bad:






List of Garja gods

In Bodo language 'garja' means 'god' or 'deity'. The garja are propitiated at a place which is away from home.


Gil Vicente

Gil Vicente (1470-1540) was a Portuguese poet and playwright.

Gil Vicente was born in 1470 in the town of Guimarães. He came to Lisbon as a boy. He studied law but did not take any scholarly degree. In 1493 he was prince Manoel's teacher of rhetorics. Some of his poems were included into Cancioneiro Geral by Garcia de Resende. He wrote plays. He was an actor, too. He was married to Branca Bezerra and had four children. His daughter Paula was known a learned woman at the court.

Gil Vicente wrote poetry and plays. He wrote both in Portuguese and in Spanish. He is called the father of Portuguese drama. His works were translated into English by Aubrey F. G. Bell. Among his poems there are vilancetes, pastoral poems. A famous example is "Adorae montanhas". 

Ardèche (river)

The Ardèche () is a long river in south-central France, a right-bank tributary of the River Rhône. The river gives its name to the French department of Ardèche.

The Ardèche river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 64.8 cubic metres per second at Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche in the Gard department.

The Ardèche river starts in the Massif Central, within the "Parc naturel régional des Monts d'Ardèche" ("Regional nature park Mountains of Ardèche"), in the "commune" of Astet (Ardèche department), at an elevation of about .

It then flows roughly to the southwest and, after the towns of Aubenas and Ruoms, it gets into its famous gorge (or canyon) below Vallon-Pont-d’Arc.

The valley of the Ardèche is very scenic, in particular a section known as the Ardèche Gorges (or the Canyon of Ardèche). The walls of the river here are limestone cliffs up to high. A kayak and camping trip down the gorge is not technically difficult and is very popular in the summer. The most famous feature is a natural stone arch across the river known as the Pont d'Arc.

Finally, the river flows into the Rhône river, on the right side, near the "commune" Pont-Saint-Esprit, Gard department.

The Ardèche passes through the following regions, departments and communes:

Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes

Occitanie

The main tributaries of the Ardeche river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Stéphane Dion

Stéphane Maurice Dion (born 28 September 1955) is a Canadian diplomat and former politician. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet headed by Justin Trudeau from 2015 to 2017.

He was a Member of Parliament of Canada for the riding of Saint-Laurent—Cartierville in Montreal since 1996. He was the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons of Canada from 2006 to 2008.

Since 2017 he has been ambassador to the European Union and Germany.

Federica Mogherini

Federica Mogherini (; born 16 June 1973) is an Italian politician. She is the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission in the Juncker Commission since 1 November 2014.


Fumio Kishida

Kishida was born in Shibuya, Tokyo on 29 July 1957. He spent his early years in New York City.

Kishida studied law at Waseda University and graduated in 1982. 

He is a member of the House of Representatives for the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) since 1993. He served in Yasuo Fukuda's cabinet as minister of state for Okinawa and northern territories affairs, science and technology policy, quality-of-life policy, and regulatory Reform. He became the longest-serving foreign minister in postwar history, unseating Abe's father Shintaro Abe. In 2017, for a short time he was the Minister of Defense.

Kishida thought about running in the 2018 LDP presidential election; but Prime Minister Shinzo Abe talked him into not to run and promised to support him as his replacement in the future. He ran in the 2020 LDP presidential election; however lost to Yoshihide Suga who was very popular among LDP politicians.

In August 2020, he announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership election to replace Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. He lost the election on 14 September to Yoshihide Suga, coming in second place. In August 2021, he announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership again in the 2021 election. He won the leadership election on 29 September 2021.

Kishida officially became the 100th Prime Minister on 4 October 2021 after being elected by the National Diet. He set the date of the 2021 election for 31 October shortly before taking office. During the general election, the Liberal Democratic party lost fifteen seats in the House of Representatives; however still won the majority of seats.

Kishida is married to Yuko Kishida and has two children. 


Paolo Gentiloni

Paolo Gentiloni Silveri (; born 22 November 1954 in Rome) is an Italian politician. He became the Prime Minister of Italy in December 2016 after the resignation of Matteo Renzi. He served until 1 June 2018.

He is a member of the Democratic Party. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 31 October 2014 through 12 December 2016. He was also Minister of Communications during the government of Romano Prodi.

Lenín Moreno

Lenín Boltaire Moreno Garcés (born 19 March 1953) is an Ecuadorian politician. Moreno was the 46th President of Ecuador from 2017 until 2021. He was the Vice President of Ecuador from 2007 to 2013, serving under President Rafael Correa. His election as Vice President was well known because as a paraplegic, Moreno was one of the world’s few disabled national leaders. 

On 2 April 2017, Moreno was elected President of Ecuador defeating banker Guillermo Lasso in the 2017 Ecuadorian presidential round-off with 51% of the vote to Lasso's 49%.

On 24 May 2017, Moreno became the world’s only current head of state in a wheelchair.

Moreno was born in Nuevo Rocafuerte, Orellana Province. He studied at Central University of Ecuador. He married Rocio Gonzalez and together they have three children.

On January 3, 1998, two young men approached Moreno in a grocery store parking lot in Quito and told him they wanted his car and his money. He freely gave them his wallet and keys, but one of the men shot him in the back anyway. This incident left Moreno paralyzed. 

During his first year in the office of Vice President of Ecuador, Moreno investigated the state of disabled people in Ecuador. He also founded the Manuela Espejo Solidarity Mission for the Disabled, which offers rehab, technical help, and psychological support to thousands of disabled Ecuadorians.

Moreno left the Vice Presidency on May 24, 2013 and was succeeded by Jorge Glas. He is the first Ecuadorian vice president to complete his term since 1992.

For his work providing respect and dignity to handicapped people, he was nominated for the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize. Moreno was appointed as Special Envoy on Disability and Accessibility by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in December 2013.

In October 1st, 2016, he was nominated to the elections to the Ecuadorian presidency by his party, Alianza País. In February 2017, Moreno and Guillermo Lasso made it to the run-off election which was held on April 2, 2017. Moreno won the election with 51% of the vote to Lasso's 49%. Moreno was then sworn-in as President of Ecuador on 24 May 2017 in Quito.

Though Moreno is a member of the PAIS Alliance, the same party as Rafael Correa, Moreno has taken Ecuador in a different direction than Correa did. Moreno is a more moderate, centrist figure and has restored presidential term limits, improved Ecuador's ties with the United States, and he has distanced himself from Nicolas Maduro's government in Venezuela.

He did not run for re-election in the 2021 election and was replaced by conservative banker Guillermo Lasso who won the election.


Rafto Prize

The Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize is a prize founded in the memory of the Norwegian human rights activist, Thorolf Rafto (1922-1986). The prize is now $20,000. It began in 1987 and is awarded each year. The prize ceremony takes place on the first Sunday of November in Bergen, Norway at the National Theatre of Bergen.

The first person to receive the prize was Jiří Hájek (1913–1993), a Czech politician and diplomat. He was one of the founders of Charter 77, an organization that worked for human rights in Czechoslovakia. Some other winners of the Rafto Prize are:

Hagramayao Jinahari

Hagramayao Jinahari, also known as "Rape in The Virgin Forest", is a 1995 Indian crime movie directed by Jwngdao Bodosa. It received many awards. The movie is in the Bodo language. The Bodo language is spoken by the Bodo people of India. It is one of the official languages of the Indian state of Assam. The movie starred Tikendrajit Narzary as Budang and Onjali Basumatary as Budang's daughter Mithinga.

Battle of Kororāreka

The Battle of Kororāreka was a battle in New Zealand between Maori warriors and the British Army. It took place on 11 March 1845 in the small town of Kororāreka. Today that town is called Russell. The town is on the North Island of New Zealand. The Māori were unhappy with the problems in the town. They cut down the flag pole flying the British flag. Each time the Maori cut down the flag pole, the British Army made a new one. This happened three times. When the British Army put the flag pole back a fourth time, the Māori attacked the town. Hōne Heke and Te Ruki Kawiti were the leaders of the Māori. William Hulme was the leader of the British soldiers. The Maori had many more fighters than the British. There were 600 Māori warriors and only 140 British soldiers. The Māori won the battle. The town was destroyed in the fighting. The British Army left the town. The British citizens living there also left. British and American ships waiting in the harbour took them to Auckland.

Alayaron (movie)

Alayaron (English: "The Dawn") is one of the first Bodo feature movies. It was released in 13 March 1986 at Ganga Talkies, Kokrajhar. It was directed by Jwngdao Bodosa, based upon the short story Mwdwi arw Gwlwmdwi (Tears and Sweat) by Nilkamal Brahma. The movie stars Amar Narzary and Rohila Brahma. It was also the winner of the National Film Award in 1986.

Mwdwi arw Gwlwmdwi



Circinus galaxy

The Circinus galaxy (ESO 97-G13) is a Seyfert galaxy, very bright and emitting huge amounts of electromagnetic radiation.

Circinus is in a constellation of the same name, Circinus (constellation). It is one of the closest and nearest galaxies to the Milky Way. It is probably slightly further away than Centaurus A.

The galaxy just 4 degrees below the galactic plane and 13 million light years from our galaxy. Its outer ring is 700 light years from the galaxy's centre, and the inner ring just 130 light years from the centre. You can see the galaxy with a small telescope.

The galaxy was not noticed until 1977 because it lies close to the plane of the Milky Way and is obscured by galactic dust.


Seyfert galaxy

Seyfert galaxies are a type of galaxy. They are named after Carl Seyfert who first described them in 1943.

These galaxies are one of the two main types of active galaxies. The other large group are quasars. Seyfert galaxies have quasar-like nuclei: they are very distant luminous sources of electromagnetic radiation. Their very high surface brightness has spectra with strong, high-ionisation emission lines. However, unlike quasars, their host galaxies are clearly visible.

Seyfert galaxies are about 10% of all galaxies, and are some of the most intensely studied objects in astronomy. They are thought to be powered by the same phenomena as quasars, although they are closer and less luminous than quasars. These galaxies have supermassive black holes at their centers which are surrounded by accretion discs of in-falling material. The accretion discs are believed to be the source of the observed ultraviolet radiation. Ultraviolet emission lines and absorption lines are the best way to analyse the surrounding material.

Seen in visible light, most Seyfert galaxies look like normal spiral galaxies. However, when studied under other wavelengths, it becomes clear that the luminosity of their cores is as big as the luminosity of whole galaxies the size of the Milky Way.

Here are some notable examples of Seyfert galaxies:

Relativistic jet

Relativistic jets are very powerful jets of plasma with speeds close to the speed of light. They are emitted by the central black holes of some active galaxies (notably radio galaxies and quasars), and by the black holes of massive stars and neutron stars. Their lengths can reach several thousand or even hundreds of thousands of light years.

If the jet speed is close to the speed of light, the effects of the special theory of relativity are significant. The mechanics behind how jets are created, and what they are made of, are still a matter of debate. Jet composition might vary.

Massive galactic central black holes have the most powerful jets. Similar jets on a much smaller scale develop from neutron stars and black holes in other stars. Even weaker and less relativistic jets may be associated with many binary star systems.

The general hypothesis among astrophysicists is that the formation of relativistic jets is the key to explaining the production of gamma-ray bursts. These jets have Lorentz factors of ~100 or greater (that is, speeds over roughly 0.99995c), making them some of the fastest celestial objects known at present.

I Zw 36

I Zwicky 36 (often shortened to I Zw 36) is a blue compact dwarf galaxy, meaning that it is small for a galaxy, that its stars are close together and that it gives off blue light. The stars in I Zwicky 36 are young for stars, no older than three million years.

Astronomers studied I Zw 36 (≈Z⊙/14) using the Hubble Space Telescope. Before that, they took pictures using ultraviolet light using the pre-COST Faint Object Camera (FOC) and Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer (NICMOS). FOC seemed to show that I Zw 36 had large, hot stars but NICMOS said it had cold stars that were small or medium sized. Some evidence shows the stars were active and then the galaxy became compact and blue. The evidence of luminous and asymptotic branches of stars suggests they formed several million years ago. The giant red branches of the galaxy may have at least 1-2 billion years.



Cadmium nitrate

Cadmium nitrate is an inorganic compound. The general formula of the compound is Cd(NO).
Cadmium nitrate is used for colouring glass and porcelain. It is also used as flash powder in photography.
Cadmium nitrate is prepared by dissolving cadmium or its oxide or its hydroxide, or its carbonate, in nitric acid followed by crystallization method:

Palladium(II) nitrate

Palladium(II) nitrate is the inorganic compound with the formula Pd(NO3). It is a red-brown solid with a tendency to absorb water.

Palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid, followed by crystallization. The nitrate crystallizes as yellow-brown deliquescent prisms. The compound also may be got by treating palladium metal with nitric acid.

Yuriko Koike

Yuriko Koike (born 15 July 1952) is a Japanese politician and the current governor of Tokyo.

She was born and raised in Ashiya, Hyōgo Prefecture. She dropped out of University in Japan, who moved to the Middle East and studied Arabic. She graduated from Cairo University in Egypt, and she began to work an interpreter and translator of Arabic. She worked as a journalist in the 1980s and entered politics in the 1990s.

Americium dioxide

Americium dioxide is a black compound made with Americium. As a solid, AmO has the same structure as fluorite (CaF).

Americium-Aluminium alloys are made when americium dioxide is melted and mixed with aluminium and a fluxing agent. These alloys can be used to make atoms of some elements. These elements have a higher atomic number than Uranium.

Phoenix Dwarf

The Phoenix Dwarf is a galaxy discovered as a mistaken globular cluster. It's correctly 1.14 Mly away the Earth

It has got some young stars inside it in east-west direction and the oldest are in north south direction. It seems that it's one of the Milky Way's satellite galaxies.



Iggy Arbuckle

Iggy Arbuckle is an American/Canadian animated show created by Guy Vasilovich and produced by Blueprint Entertainment, National Geographic Kids' Entertainment, C.O.R.E. Toons and Cartoon Network and serviced by Cartoon Network. The show was debuted in July 21, 2007.

CJ the DJ

CJ the DJ is a Canadian-Australian animated series that ran on YTV in Canada and ABC3 in Australia from December 4, 2009 to 2010. Its program creator was Mark Gravas.

On 1 July 2010, the Australian Broadcasting Company released the first DVD of "CJ The DJ", featuring the first eight episodes.

CJ the DJ Series 1 Volumes 1 (Episodes 1 - 26) and 2 (Episodes 27 - 52) are available for download at the NBC Online Store.

CJ the DJ was released on NBC iView for public viewing, though each episode was only available for viewing over a limited amount of time.

Brazil: Gloob

Israel: Arutz HaYeladim (סי ג'יי הדי ג'יי)

Denmark: TV2

Finland: MTV Juniori

Portugal: RTP2

Parabolic trough

A parabolic trough is similar to a solar panel tower, because it has parabolic mirrors that collect large amounts of heat which is reflected on water-filled pipes .
The water is heated until it turns into steam, rotating a turbine using a large steam piston.

The rotating turbine produces electricity, which is then transferred by transformer, before being converted DC to AC and transferred by current lines.


I Zwicky 18

The I Zwicky 18 is an irregular dwarf galaxy. It is 45 million years light from Earth in the constellation of the Ursa Major. It was identified by first time in the 1930s by the astronomer Fritz Zwicky.

I Zwicky 18, only 500 million years of age, is a recently born galaxy compared with most. It is still making population III stars, almost entirely made of hydrogen and helium. The Milky Way is about 12,000 million years old.



Ufhusen

Ufhusen is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Wauwil

Wauwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wikon

Wikon is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Willisau

Willisau is a town of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Willisau Land (W. Country) and Willisau Stadt (W. Town) merged into the new town of Willisau. On 1 January 2021, Gettnau became a part of Willisau.


Zell, Lucerne

Zell is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wilihof

Wilihof is a village and former municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005 the former municipalities of Wilihof and Kulmerau merged into the municipality of Triengen.

Schinznach

Schinznach is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberflachs and Schinznach-Dorf merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.


Border states (American Civil War)

The Border states were those states that during the American Civil War did not leave the Union. The border states were Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri. After West Virginia separated from Virginia, it was also considered a border state. Most border states had strong ties to the South culturally, but they had economic ties to the North. While remaining loyal to the Union, the Border States were themselves slave-holding states.

In the Border States the war caused divided loyalties. They were the scene of often brutal guerilla warfare where neighbor fought against neighbor. The bitter feelings in the Border States lasted long after the Civil war.

In the border states, slavery was already dying out in urban areas and the regions without cotton. Several cities were rapidly industrializing, including Baltimore, Louisville, and St. Louis. By 1860, most of the African Americans in Delaware were free. By the start of the Civil War, slave ownership in the south had become concentrated into fewer and fewer hands. In 1830, 36% of Southern families owned slaves. By 1860, the number had fallen to 25%. In the Upper South it had fallen even more. In 1830, slaves made up 18% of the population. In 1860, they made up only 10%. During the same period in Kentucky, it fell from 24% to 19%. In Maryland, it went from 23% to 13%. Some slaveholders made a profit by selling surplus slaves to traders to be resold in the slave markets in the Deep South. They needed field hands for the cotton plantations.

In the South, slavery had become less and less useful to farmers as tobacco prices began to fall after the American Revolutionary War. But in 1793, Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin. This made Southern grown cotton highly profitable. Cotton also required large numbers of slaves. Most Southerners, however, did not own slaves. But by 1860 cotton and slavery was the strong link in the Southern economy. Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri, which had many areas with much stronger cultural and economic ties to the South than the North, were deeply divided.

Each of these five states shared a border with Union states. All but Delaware also share borders with states that joined the Confederate States of America (CSA).

In October 1859 John Brown's raid on the Harpers Ferry Armory in what is now Harpers Ferry, West Virginia (at the time part of the state of Virginia) sent shock waves through the South. Although Brown was quickly captured and executed, the incident had a profound effect on the 1860 presidential election. When Abraham Lincoln won over three Democratic Party candidates, it triggered Southern secession. At the outbreak of the Civil War, the 40 western counties of Virginia were strongly against secession and they seceded from Virginia. The counties that later became West Virginia had relatively few slaves.

By 1860 Delaware was tied to the Northern economy and slavery was rare except in the southern parts of the state. Overall, 91.7% of the black population of Delaware was free by this time. Both houses of the state General Assembly rejected secession. Delaware's lower house was unanimous in rejecting the idea. The state senate voted against secession five to three. Many of the state's politicians including the governor, their two U.S. Senators and their sole representative in Congress, were sympathetic towards the South. But the state legislature better represented the feelings of the people of the state in remaining with the Union. However, they also disapproved of forceful abolitionism. Generally, most people in the state wanted a compromise that would prevent a war between the North and South. 

Maryland found itself trapped by the war. The state was split. They were clearly tied economically to the North but culturally to the South. By 1860, 49.1% of Maryland's black population was free. But Maryland's Southern and Eastern counties had a history of over 200 years of using slaves in growing tobacco and other crops. This put them in a difficult position. Their politicians had worked hard to prevent government from interfering with slavery in their counties. In the 1860 presidential election, Lincoln did not receive a single vote from these counties. This was in spite of the fact that Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states where it already existed. But the Maryland legislature never considered a resolution to secede from the Union. The governor suggested calling a convention to consider secession, but the legislature ignored his request. 

On April 19, 1861, Union troops moving through Baltimore were attacked by angry mobs of Southern sympathizers. It left 14 people dead and lasted for three days. Many rushed to the outskirts of Baltimore to set up roadblocks to try to prevent Union troops from passing through the city. The riots and protests might have led to secession had they been organized. But Union troops moving to Washington, D.C. were quickly changed to being transported by water to avoid the tense situation in Baltimore. Throughout the winter and spring of 1861, Maryland decided against neutrality and against joining the Confederacy. But in May of 1861, acting without orders, General Benjamin Franklin Butler marched into Baltimore. He occupied Federal Hill and set up cannons threatening anyone who would move against them. Lincoln was furious and promptly relieved Butler of his command. Still, the Massachusetts troops were left on Federal Hill. To prevent further trouble Lincoln suspended "habeas corpus" and imprisoned without charges or trials one sitting U.S. congressman as well the mayor, police chief, entire Board of Police, and the city council of Baltimore. 

Chief Justice Roger Taney, acting only as a circuit judge, ruled on June 4, 1861, in "Ex parte Merryman" that Lincoln's suspension of habeas corpus was unconstitutional, but the president ignored the ruling in order to meet a national emergency. On September 17, 1861, the day the legislature reconvened, federal troops arrested without charge 27 state legislators (one-third of the Maryland General Assembly). They were held temporarily at Fort McHenry, and later released when Maryland was secured for the Union. Because a large part of the legislature was now imprisoned, the session was canceled and representatives did not consider any additional anti-war measures. The song "Maryland, My Maryland" was written to attack Lincoln's action in blocking pro-Confederate elements. Maryland contributed troops to both the Union (60,000) and the Confederate (25,000) armies. During the war, Maryland adopted a new state constitution in 1864 that prohibited slavery. It also freed all remaining slaves in the state.

Kentucky was strategic to Union victory in the Civil War. Lincoln once said, 
"I think to lose Kentucky is nearly the same as to lose the whole game. Kentucky gone, we cannot hold Missouri, nor Maryland. These all against us, and the job on our hands is too large for us. We would as well consent to separation at once, including the surrender of this capitol [Washington, which was surrounded by slave states: Confederate Virginia and Union-controlled Maryland."

Lincoln reportedly also declared, "I hope to have God on my side, but I must have Kentucky." In the spring of 1861, Kentucky Governor Beriah Magoffin along with the state legislature declared the state would remain neutral. They would not provide troops to either the Union or the Confederacy. At the same time the declaration offered to mediate a peace between the two sides. 

Neutrality was broken when Confederate General Leonidas Polk occupied Columbus, Kentucky, in the summer of 1861. This caused Kentucky to call for Northern aid to repel the Confederate invaders. Union General Ulysses S. Grant, who was waiting across the Ohio River in Illinois, moved to occupy Paducah and Southland, Kentucky. Polk's blunder cost the Confederacy any chance of getting Kentucky to join them. The occupied areas gave the Union a tremendous advantage in both Kentucky and Tennessee. During the war, about 35,000 men from Kentucky joined the Confederacy. Those who joined the Union army totaled about 74,000, including about 24,000 African Americans.
Missouri had been involved in fighting on the Kansas-Missouri border since 1854 over the issue of slavery. The dispute was aptly named Bleeding Kansas. When the Civil War began on April 12, 1861, the entire state of Missouri was firmly divided between pro-Confederate and pro-Union forces. The governor of Missouri, Claiborne Jackson refused to send volunteers from the state to fight for Abraham Lincoln when he called for troops. Instead, the governor had the state militia muster outside the city to begin training in preparation to join the Confederate forces. He called upon the legislature to authorize a state constitutional convention on secession. A special election approved of the convention, and sent delegates to it. This Missouri Constitutional Convention voted to remain within the Union. 

Jackson, who was pro-Confederate, was disappointed with the outcome. He called up the state militia to their districts for annual training. Jackson had designs on the St. Louis Arsenal, and had been in secret correspondence with Confederate President Jefferson Davis to obtain artillery for the militia in St. Louis. Aware of these developments, Union Captain Nathaniel Lyon struck first, encircling the camp, and forcing the state militia to surrender. While his troops were marching the prisoners to the arsenal, a deadly riot erupted (the Camp Jackson Affair). This caused greater Confederate support in the state. The already pro-Southern legislature passed the governor's military bill creating the Missouri State Guard. Governor Jackson appointed Sterling Price, who had been president of the convention, as major general of this reformed militia. Price, and Union district commander Harney, came to an agreement known as the Price–Harney Truce, which calmed tensions in the state for several weeks. After Harney was removed, and Lyon placed in charge, a meeting was held in St. Louis at the Planters' House among Lyon, his political ally Francis P. Blair, Jr., Price, and Jackson. The negotiations went nowhere. After a few fruitless hours, Lyon declared, "this means war!" Price and Jackson rapidly departed for the capital. 

Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, Lyon's small Union army occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. He then lead his troops into a series of skirmishes with the Missouri State Guard and the Confederate Army.

Lyon next moved to Springfield, Missouri where the army camped. On August 10, Lyon's Army of the West was defeated by a combined force of the Missouri Militia and Confederate troops under the command of Benjamin McCulloch near Springfield, Missouri. This was called the Battle of Wilson's Creek. Lyon was killed while trying to rally his outnumbered soldiers. However, Lyon’s efforts prevented the State of Missouri from joining the Confederacy. Missouri abolished slavery during the war in January 1865.


The ZhuZhus

The ZhuZhus (originally titled Polly and the Zhu Zhu Pets) is a Canadian/American animated television series produced by Nelvana, and the YTV. The series aired in the United States on Disney Channel on September 12, 2016.

"The ZhuZhus" is about a young girl named Frankie Pamplemousse, her mom and dad, and her four talking hamsters: Pipsqueak, Mr. Squiggles, Num Nums, and Chunk. The group of five go on adventures in their town, Anytown.


A webseries called "Zhu's News" was released to YTV's YouTube channel starting July 17, 2017. Each episode stars Whendy Sails of Channel 5 recapping moments in the series.


William Dampier

William Dampier (baptised 5 September 1651; died March 1715) was the first Englishman to explore parts of Australia. He was the first person to circumnavigate the world three times. On one voyage he rescued Alexander Selkirk, a sailor who may have inspired Daniel Defoe's "Robinson Crusoe".

Alto Paraná Department

The Alto Paraná department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Ciudad del Este.

Its code is PY-10.

The Alto Paraná department is in the central eastern part of the country, in the east of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 785,747 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraná river. The Acaray is an important tributary of the Paraná.

Ciudad del Este, the capital of the department, has a humid subtropical climate that is mild with no dry season, constantly moist (year-round rainfall). (Köppen climate classification : Cfa).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The month with the least rainfall on average is July with an average of and the second is August with .

Ciudad del Este is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 22 districts:



Blown Away

Blown Away is the fourth studio album by Carrie Underwood. The album was released on May 1, 2012 through Arista Nashville.

Tropical Storm Gamma (2005)

Tropical Storm Gamma was the twenty-fourth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Gamma formed in the eastern Caribbean Sea but quickly died a few days later from wind shear. On November 18, it restrengthened and became a tropical storm for a few more days before dying off the coast of Honduras on November 20. Although Gamma never made any landfall, it caused minor damages in the Lesser Antilles and medium damages in Honduras.

The National Hurricane Center began monitoring a tropical wave that would later become Gamma around November 11, but the system did not develop into a tropical depression until after it had passed the Lesser Antilles on November 13. At that time, the storm was called Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven and was predicted to strengthen into a strong tropical storm or a weak hurricane as it moved across the Caribbean Sea. However, a second system developing in the southwestern edge of the Caribbean began pushing wind shear onto the depression on November 14, then weakening the depression into a tropical low; advisories were then temporarily stopped. On later reanalysis, it was found that the depression had probably become a tropical storm by November 15 at 0600 UTC for less than 6 hours, but was not named during the time.
As the remnants of Twenty-Seven moved west, the system in the southwestern Caribbean moved onto land in Nicaragua and quickly weakened, reducing wind shear on the remnant low. Near Honduras, the two systems combined and rapidly gained the characteristics of a tropical cyclone on November 18, when it was upgraded directly to a tropical storm and given the name "Gamma". It is clearly unknown whether the remnant low of Gamma absorbed the low pressure system or happened the other way, but forecasters at the National Hurricane Center though that it was more likely that Gamma absorbed the other system. (If it were determined to be the other way around, the previously mentioned Tropical Storm Twenty-Seven would have been a separate and unnamed tropical storm.)

Gamma strengthened a little bit more to reach its maximum strength of 50 mph (85 km/h) winds during that day, but a trough moving into the Gulf of Mexico stopped any more strengthening. Gamma stayed just north of the coast of Honduras for about a day, then weakened to a tropical depression as it was beginning to be absorbed into the front as it entered the Caribbean. On November 20, wind shear had destroyed Gamma and advisories were stopped, although the low level circulation of Gamma survived for an extra 36–48 hours. Later, the last remnants of Gamma were absorbed into the approaching front. Gamma never made landfall as a tropical storm.

Because the storm was not predicted to make landfall (and it did not), few preparations were taken in Honduras for the storm. But non-stop rainfall for more than a day as Gamma wandered offshore created floods that forced more than 23,000 people to leave their homes.

As of January 24, 2006, a total of forty-one people were reported dead (while thirty-seven killed directly) as a result of Tropical Storm Gamma, mostly in Honduras, with 13 missing in Honduras.

Thirty-four people died in Honduras with at least thirteen other people missing. All deaths were because of flooding and mudslides rather than wind damage since tropical storm-force winds did not affect the mainland.

According to the COCEP (the Honduran civil emergency committee) dozens of bridges were washed away and about 2,000 homes were destroyed. According to the NHC, 10 bridges were destroyed from flooding, and 7 were damaged. And 5,200 acres worth of banana crops were also destroyed, causing $13-18 million (2005 USD) in damage. In addition, an unofficial report of 4.44 inches of rain was reported on Roatan Island.

Five fishermen who were at sea during Tropical Storm Gamma have been reported missing and, as of November 25, were thought to be dead after five unidentified bodies were found on the Honduran coast. Three people were killed in a plane crash from Gamma's outer rain bands; it was thought that the weather was a part of the reason. Other effects to Belize were minimal.

Two people were killed by a mudslide in St. Vincent and the Grenadines from Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven (which would eventually become Tropical Storm Gamma) when the system came close to the island. Seven homes were also destroyed by flood waters in the area and others were damaged.

Other effects across the rest of the Lesser Antilles were minimal and were no worse than that of a normal rain event. Also, two fishermen who were reported dead in Jamaica were thought to have been killed by Gamma.

After Gamma slowly moved away from land, Honduran government officials carried out helicopter rescues for people and families trapped by flood waters, as UN agencies began airlifting food and water to the impacted areas.

The government of Andalucía, in Spain, donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts, and the United States sent helicopters to help in the delivery of food to the people affected by the storm.

Because damage was minimal, Gamma was not retired and will be used again whenever the regular list of names is all used up in the future.

After all of the twenty one assigned hurricane names for the 2005 season were used up after Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was used, starting with Tropical Storm Alpha. This storm was named "Gamma" once it was known to have reached tropical storm strength (after it restrengthened). This was the first time that the name Gamma had been used for a tropical cyclone.

Because Gamma was the only twenty-fourth tropical storm to form in any single Atlantic hurricane season, Gamma also holds the record for being the earliest twenty-fourth tropical storm, reaching tropical storm strength on November 18. Gamma also extended the 2005 season's record for tropical storms to twenty-four, which was also enlarged four more times and ended at twenty-eight storms after Tropical Storm Zeta and a post-season addition of an unnamed subtropical storm which went originally unnoticed in October. Also, Gamma tied the record set during the 1992 Pacific hurricane season for most storms in a single basin monitored by NOAA.



Kherai Puja

Kherai Puja is the most important religious festival of the Bodo people. They perform this puja on some specific occasions. 

The Kherai Puja is of four kinds.

The Darshan Kherai (दोर्सोन खेराइ) is performed during the first week of the month of 'Kati' or 'Kartik'. It celebrates the goddess of wealth and welfare, so it is also called as the 'Lwkhi Kherai'.

The Umrao Kherai (उमराव खेराइ) is held during the month of 'Ashara' at the end of the 'Amthi Sua' (the unclean period) for the welfare of the villagers as well as of the crops. This Kherai is also known as the 'Ashu Kherai'.

The Phalo Kherai (फालो खेराइ) is also known as the "Danshrang Kherai" as it is performed during the full moon at the month.

The Nowani Kherai (न'नि खेराइ) is performed by the family when it deems necessary. The Bodo people who believe in the traditional practice rely on the Kherai Puja and the Garja Puja for their welfare at all times.


Ausserferrera

Ausserferrera () is a village and former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008 the former municipalities of Ausserferrera and Innerferrera merged into the new municipality of Ferrera.

Partial fraction decomposition

Partial fraction decomposition is taking a big algebra fraction and splitting it into a bunch of smaller fractions that are added together. Partial fractions are used to get the antiderivatives of algebra fractions.

In math writing, we're turning this:

formula_1

Into this:

formula_2

The denominators of all these fractions are factors of g(x).

Pygmy slow loris

The pygmy slow loris ("Nycticebus pygmaeus") is a species of slow loris. It is a small nocturnal primate with large eyes. It lives in thick forest and bamboo groves. They are found in Vietnam, Laos, China, Thailand, and parts of Cambodia. Because their habitat is reduced, their status is "vulnerable".

They have small hands and feet, but an extraordinarily strong grasp. They can hang from branches as they catch their food. Their large eyes help them find their food.

Their diet consists of insects and soft fruit. They eat gum from trees and this may help them survive food shortages.

With their small size they weigh between 0.8 to 1 pound in adulthood. Usually once a male has reached maturity, they become territorial and do not tolerate other males. This is why their social life is described as solitary, although they are known to be able to live among females of their species. In captivity the lifespan of the pygmy slow loris may be 20 years.
They produce offspring every 12 to 18 months. The females have gestational periods of about 188 days and have small litters of one or two babies. This species does not share parenting. The offspring stay with their mothers until they reach maturity.

When the loris feels threatened it has a defense mechanism. It gives off a bad odor. If a predator is not scared away by the smell they produce some kind of toxic secretion from their elbows. If they bite the predator, the poison is passed on. 

Despite conservation efforts, they are captured and sold for pets in markets in Vietnam. They have a very cuddly appearance but in no way are suitable to be pets.


Punta La Marmora

Punta La Marmora () is a mountain in the Gennargentu range, Sardinia (Italy).

The mountain is named after Alberto della Marmora, an Italian geographer and naturalist who described the island in two works: "Voyage en Sardaigne" (1826) and "Itinéraire de l'île de Sardaigne" (1860).

The name of the mountain, in the Sardinian language, was "Perdas Carpìas", which means "split stones" because of its rocks of schist which tend to break into pieces.

The Punta La Marmorea is in the communes of Desulo and Arzana (province of Nuoro), in the "Barbagia" mountain area of inner Sardinia. With its summit at an elevation of , it is the highest peak on the Sardinia island.

Near Punta La Marmorea, there are other high mountains as "Bruncu Spina" that, with an elevation of , is the second highest point of Sardinia. They are part of the Gennargentu National Park.

The mountain is formed by metamorphic rocks, mainly shales, from Paleozoic era.

Punta La Marmora is just east of the approximate centre of Sardinia. On a clear day, it is possible to view from the top over a large part of Sardinia and the mountains of southern Corsica.

Snowfalls are frequent in winter, usually with an average depth over of snow. Snowfalls are stronger in January and February.

The wind on the summit can reach up to .

The summit is reached by hiking. The easiest route is from the "Bruncu Spina" mountain where there are ski lifts to get to the top; from there, it is easy to get to the five highest summits of Sardinia, including Punta La Marmora.



Joanne (album)

Joanne is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It was released on October 21, 2016. It was named for Gaga's aunt, her father's sister, who died before Gaga was born. Joanne is also Gaga's middle name.

The album was produced by Gaga, Mark Ronson, Kevin Parker, and BloodPop, among other producers. Gaga collaborated with RedOne on the song "Angel Down", which was written about Trayvon Martin, who was killed in 2012. RedOne also helped produce Gaga's previous blockbuster hits, such as "Just Dance", "Poker Face", and "Bad Romance". Country songwriter Hillary Lindsey also worked with Gaga on "Joanne" on songs like "Million Reasons". Singer-songwriter Beck worked with Gaga on the dance song "Dancin' in Circles".

Two singles were released for the album: "Perfect Illusion" and "Million Reasons". The first single reached the top 20 in several countries, like the US, Canada, Australia, and the UK. "Million Reasons" first peaked at number 52 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. However, after her Super Bowl halftime performance on February 5, 2017, the song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 again at number four. This is Gaga's 14th top-ten song and her 10th song to reach the top five on the chart.

Gaga went on a Dive Bar Tour at three different dive bars in the United States to promote "Joanne".

Critics have said that "Joanne" is different from Gaga's previous releases, such as "The Fame", "The Fame Monster", "Born This Way", and "Artpop". The album sold 201,000 copies in its first week in the United States. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 albums chart at number one. It became Gaga's fourth number-one album in the U.S. After the album was released, Gaga became the female artist with the most number-one albums of the 2010s decade. "Joanne" ranked at number 108 on the "Billboard" 200 year-end chart of 2016 in the US.

In August 2017, Gaga began the Joanne World Tour, which was set to run through December. However, in September 2017, Gaga canceled her performance at the Rock in Rio festival in Brazil, with Maroon 5 taking her place. The European leg of her tour was postponed to early 2018 due to severe chronic pain. She is set to continue the remainder of the North American dates.

On October 22, 2017, Gaga announced that the album had been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for over one million certified units in the United States.

The standard version of the album has 11 songs, while the deluxe version has 14.

Milky Way–Andromeda collision

The collision between the Milky Way and Andromeda will happen about four billion years in the future.

The Andromeda galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about as shown by its blueshift. Until 2012, it was not known whether the possible collision was definitely going to happen or not, because its proper motion was too small to measure.

In 2012, researchers concluded that the collision is sure to happen. They used the Hubble Space Telescope to track the motion of stars in Andromeda between 2002 and 2010 with great accuracy. Andromeda's tangential or sideways velocity with respect to the Milky Way was much smaller than the speed of approach. Therefore, it is expected that it will collide with the Milky Way in around 4 billion years.

Such collisions are relatively common. Andromeda, for example, has collided with at least one other galaxy in the past. Several dwarf galaxies such as SagDEG are already colliding with the Milky Way and being merged into it. The Antennae galaxies are an example of two roughly equal spiral galaxies colliding.


Slow loris

Slow lorises are the genus Nycticebus, nocturnal species of strepsirrhine primates. They live in southeast Asia and nearby areas.

There are about eight species: the Sunda slow loris ("N. coucang"), Bengal slow loris ("N. bengalensis"), pygmy slow loris ("N. pygmaeus"), Javan slow loris ("N. javanicus"), Philippine slow loris ("N. menagensis"), Bangka slow loris ("N. bancanus"), Bornean slow loris ("N. borneanus"), and Kayan River slow loris ("N. kayan").

The group's closest relatives are the slender lorises of southern India and Sri Lanka. Their next closest relatives are the African lorisids, the pottos, false pottos, and angwantibos. They are less closely related to the remaining lorisoids (the various types of galago), and more distantly to the lemurs of Madagascar. Their evolutionary history is uncertain: their fossil record is patchy and molecular clock studies have given various results.

Slow lorises eat insects, small birds and reptiles, eggs, fruits, gums, nectar and some vegetation. A 1984 study of the Sunda slow loris found its diet was 71% fruit and gums, and 29% insects and other animal prey. A more detailed study of another Sunda slow loris population in 2002 and 2003 showed different dietary proportions: 43.3% gum, 31.7% nectar, 22.5% fruit, and just 2.5% arthropods and other animal prey.

Scrapie

Scrapie is a fatal disease that affects the nervous system of sheep and goats. It is similar to Mad cow disease which affects cattle. Scrapie was first described in 1732. Much like with mad cow disease, prions seem to be involved in transmitting it.

Stone slab

A stone slab is a big stone, flat and of little thickness, that are generally used for paving floors, for covering walls or as headstones.

Other definitions refine the meaning a bit more:

Most dolmen constructions they were build using stone slabs of big dimensions. Their architecture often includes a corridor of access that can be constructed usins stone slabs or dry stones. The burial chamber, with variable shapes (rectangular, polygonal, oval, circular ...) can also be preceded by an anteroom. In some dolmens, the entrance has a door cut into one or more vertical stone slabs.

The main applications of the slabs as material of construction are for pavings and in the construction of roofs. But they can be employed for other uses, among them:


A system to cook the foods is “to the slab”. In like manner to the systems of “to the iron” or “grilled”, in the procedure to bake to the slab the foods course (meat, fish, vegetables...) They put on a slab hot on of the fire. With oil, butter or lard and all the aditaments with that want to dress the teak.

From prehistoric times there are examples of graves covered with a stone slab, in its natural state or carved. This use as tombstone has extended the concept of natural slab to the tombstone variant: flat, thin and polished. Example: the tomb of King Peter the Great,

The tombstones use to have some inscriptions. The information on the stone slab traditionally includes the name of the deceased and his date of birth and death. The inscriptions are generally in the frontal side of the stone slab but also in some cases in the verso and around the edges of the slab, some families request to write an inscription in the unseen part of the stone slab (oriented to the ground). Apart from the name, some slabs also have epitaphs in praise of the deceased or citations of religious texts, as "Requiescat in pace".



Marecchia

The Marecchia () is a river of the Emilia-Romagna region. The city of Rimini gets its name from the Latin name of the river.

Its low course marks the end of the Padan Plain ().

The Marecchia river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) depends of the season: in the autumn could be as high as but is very low during summer. Most of the time, the discharge is about .

The Marecchia river flows through a valley named after it, "Valmarecchia". The river starts at about west of "Viamaggio" ("comune" of Pieve Santo Stefano) and about southwest of the "comune" of Badia Tedalda, in the province of Arezzo (Tuscany), in the "Alpe della Luna" at an elevation of above sea level.

At about to the northeast of Badia Tedalda, the river flows into the Emilia-Romagna region, in the Casteldelci "comune", province of Rimini. Then it flows through Ca 'Raffaello, an exclave of Badia Tedalda; to the north of here, the Senatello river flows into the Marecchia as a left tributary. Later, in "Ponte Masa", the Masa river flows from the right into the Marecchia.

Shortly after "Torello", the San Marino river flows as a right tributary and, after the Verucchio "comune", the Ausa flows also from the right.

Between the "frazioni" (Italian subdivisions of a municipality) of "Rivabella" and "San Giuliano", in Rimini, the Marecchia river ends in the Adriatic Sea.

The Bridge of Tiberius () or Bridge of Augustus () is a Roman bridge in Rimini. Its construction began in the times of Augustus but was finished in 20 AD in the times of Tiberius.

The tributaries of the Marecchia river are:



Shijiazhuang

Shijiazhuang (石家庄) is a city in China. It is the capital of Hebei province.

The city is at the edge of the North China Plain. It is about southwest of Beijing.

Manchu queue

The Manchu queue or the Manchu braid was a hairstyle that all men in China during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) had to wear. After the overthrow of the Qing dynasty, Chinese men no longer had to wear the Manchu queue.

War bride

During war, or when a country is occupied, many people who serve in the military are present in that country. Some of these people are soldiers, other people are part of military personnel. Women who marry those people are known as war brides. The effect is well-documented for the period of the First and Second World War, but it also applies to other wars, such as the Philippine–American War, the Vietnam War, the Korean War or the Occupation of Japan. 

Neravy

Neravy is a town in the Karaikal district of Puducherry Union territory, India. This town is located 145km away from Pondicherry, the capital of this union territory.

The population of Neravy is 10890 according to 2001 Census of India. The male population is 5392 and female population is 5494. The literacy rate of the town is 81.19%.

Neravy commune is one of the 5 communes in Karaikal district.

Catenary

A catenary is a type of curve. An ideal chain hanging between two supports and acted on by a uniform gravitational force makes the shape of a catenary. (An ideal chain is one that can bend perfectly, cannot be stretched and has the same density throughout.) The supports can be at different heights and the shape will still be a catenary. A catenary looks a bit like a parabola, but they are different.

The equation for a catenary in Cartesian coordinates is
where formula_2 is a parameter that determines the shape of the catenary and formula_3 is the hyperbolic cosine function, which is defined as
Hence, we can also write the catenary equation as

The word "catenary" comes from the Latin word "catena", which means "chain". A catenary is also called called an alysoid and a chainette.

Perfect information

Perfect information has different definitions depending on the field.

In economics, the term perfect information refers to an element of competition in a market which is perfect and idealized. This is commonly known as perfect competition.

In the mathematical branch of game theory, a perfect information game uses perfect information if all the actions taken in the game are known, and the state of the game's materials is available to all players. Perfect information is a type of common knowledge. Perfect information relates to the materials of the game, and to the rules of the game.

It follows that imperfect information is when elements of the game (materials or rules) are not equally available to all participants. 

Perfect information games do not require that each player has a working memory of past positions but that merely they have had the opportunity to view such past actions.

In a game of chess or go, the pieces and the rules are known, but the implications of the position are not. This identifies chess as a perfect information game. In competitive card games like bridge and poker, the cards held by opponents are not known, or only partly known. They are not perfect information games.

Holon Children's Museum

Holon Children's Museum () is the first museum dedicated for children in Israel. It was opened in 2001. The museum is located in Shimon Peres Park in Holon.


Compromise of 1850

The Compromise of 1850 was a series of laws passed in 1850 that dealt with the controversial issue of slavery in the United States. As a result of the Mexican–American War, the United States acquired a large amount of new territory. The laws admitted California as a free state, and created the new territories of New Mexico and Utah. A dispute over the boundary between Texas and New Mexico was settled with Texas losing the New Mexico territory. It put an end to the slave trade in Washington, D.C. and made it easier for Southern slave owners to recover runaway slaves. The compromise called for each new state to decide for itself whether it would be a slave or free states. The commerce and trade compromise ended the slave trade and eventually led to the Emancipation Proclamation.

The Missouri Compromise, passed in 1820, was an agreement between the pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions in the United States Congress. It concerned the regulation of slavery in the western territories. It admitted Missouri as a slave state to please the South. It admitted Maine as a free state to please the North. It kept the balance of power in the United States Senate between the free states and slave states. The plan also called for slavery to be banned from the Louisiana Territory north of the parallel 36 degrees 30' north (also known as the Missouri Compromise Line), except within the boundaries of the proposed state of Missouri. It was a temporary measure that reduced the conflict over slavery. But there was continued resentment between North and South. The South resented Congress interfering with slavery. The North resented having to compromise on the moral issues of slavery. Both sides wanted the political power necessary for their issue to win. In his book "Negro President: Jefferson and the Slave Power", historian Garry Wills wrote, “the South was not demanding slave representation to achieve a near-parity at the moment, but as a way of achieving majority control in the immediately foreseeable future.”

In 1849, when Zachary Taylor became president, the new territories the U.S. gained after the Mexican-American war caused the issue of slavery to become critical again. The California Gold Rush had caused the population there to suddenly increase and Californians now wanted statehood as a free state. This upset the balance of 15 free states and 15 slave states established by the Missouri Compromise.

Senator Henry Clay of Kentucky presented resolutions on January 29, 1850 saying they represented the spirit of compromise that would keep the Union together. Former Vice President and Senator from South Carolina John C. Calhoun saw it differently. For a month he worked on a speech but was too ill to deliver it. Virginia Senator James A. Mason read it on the floor of the Senate on March 4. In a speech on March 7, Senator Daniel Webster of Massachusetts spoke in favor of compromise. Abolitionists in the North saw this as a betrayal and giving in to slavery interests. William H. Seward, then the Senator from New York, spoke next for the abolitionists. He claimed there was a "higher law than the Constitution," which prevented any compromise with slavery.

At the same time the House of Representatives was also debating the question. No agreements had been reached by early April so a committee was suggested by Senator Henry S. Foote of Mississippi. Called the "Committee of Thirteen" it was made up of seven Whigs and six Democrats. The committee drafted a bill based mainly on Clay's compromise resolutions made in January. Clay himself was the chairman and presented the bill on May 8.

Each side got some benefits from the compromise:




Timeline of events leading to the American Civil War

A timeline of events leading up to the American Civil War describes the events which historians recognize as contributing to the American Civil War. Many of these events lead back to the founding of the country. The United States Constitution makes only a few mentions of slavery leaving it largely up to the individual states to govern it. As the Northern and Southern United States developed along separate lines, slavery eventually disappeared from the North. It became an institution in the South. As new parts of the country opened up to settlement the issues over slavery started a long-standing controversy between North and South. It became a burning issue and led to secession of several Southern states. This in general led to the Civil War.


West London Synagogue

West London Synagogue is the oldest Reform synagogue located in London, England, United Kingdom. The synagogue was established on 15 April 1840.

The current building, built in 1870, is located near Marble Arch in London. The main sanctuary is built in the Byzantine architectural style. The premises also contain offices, a library and community facilities.


Julio César Turbay Ayala

Julio César Turbay Ayala (18 June 1916 – 13 September 2005) was the 25th President of Colombia from 1978 to 1982.

Turbay was born in a poor neighborhood on June 18, 1916. His father, Antonio Amín Turbay, was a businessman who emigrated from Tannourine, Lebanon.
His mother, Rosaura Ayala, was a peasant from the province of Cundinamarca. Turbay’s father was a hard working merchant who had built a fortune, which he completely lost during the civil war of the Thousand Days War.

In response to an increase in guerrilla activity, a 1978 decree known as the Security Statute was implemented by Turbay's administration.

The Security Statute gave the military an increased degree of freedom of action, especially in urban areas, to detain, interrogate and eventually judge suspected guerrillas or their collaborators before military tribunals. Human rights organizations, newspaper columnists, political personalities and opposition groups complained about an increase in the number of arbitrary detentions and acts of torture as a result.

In late 1980, sixteen ambassadors were held hostage for 61 days as part of a takeover of the Dominican Republic's embassy. The incident soon spread throughout worldwide headlines, as ambassadors from the United States of America, Costa Rica, Mexico, Peru, Israel and Venezuela had been taken hostage, as well as Colombia's top representative to the Holy See.

Turbay, despite pressure from military and political sectors, avoided deciding to solve the crisis through the use of direct military force, and instead eventually agreed to let the M-19 rebels travel to Cuba. Allegedly, the rebels also received USD 1 million as payment, instead of the initial $50 million that they had originally demanded from the government.

Turbay married his niece, Nydia Quintero Turbay, on July 1, 1948. They had four children together: Julio César, Diana, Claudia, and María Victoria. However, their marriage was annulled by the Roman Catholic Church, and in 1986 he married his longtime companion Amparo Canal, to whom he remained married until his death.

In January 1991, Turbay's daughter Diana was kidnapped by orders of the Medellín Cartel and died during a failed police rescue operation not sanctioned by her family. Her kidnapping is chronicled in "News of a Kidnapping" by the Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez (1996) and depicted in multiple onscreen productions.

Turbay died on September 13, 2005. He was honored by a state funeral personally led by President Álvaro Uribe and was buried at the Sacromonte Caves at Canton Norte, an army base in Bogotá.


Conan the Barbarian (1982 movie)

Conan the Barbarian is a 1982 American fantasy-adventure movie directed by John Milius. Based on the stories of Robert E. Howard, the movie tells the story of a warrior prince (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who must battle and defeat Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones), an evil sorcerer who murdered his parents. Although initial reception for the film was poor, it was a box-office hit and launched Schwarzenegger's career, and in the years since, it has become a cult movie. A sequel, Conan the Destroyer, was released in 1984, and a remake was also released in 2011.

In the fictional country of Cimmeria, a sword is forged by a blacksmith (William Smith), who shows it to his young son Conan as he tells him "the Riddle of Steel", which is an aphorism of the importance of metal to their people. One day, the Cimmerians are massacred by the warriors of the sorcerer Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones), who is the leader of a snake cult. Dogs kill Conan's father and his mother is killed when Doom decapitates her with his sword. The children, Conan among them, are taken into slavery and chained to a mill called The Wheel of Pain. Conan grows into a young man (Arnold Schwarzenegger), whose muscles have built from years of pushing the heavy grindstone. His master eventually trains him into a gladiator; he is eventually freed after winning several pit fights and receiving training in the East. Conan travels to a warrior's tomb and retrieves a sword. He later on encounters a prophetic witch (Cassandra Gava) and befriends the thief Subotai (Gerry Lopez).

On the advice of the witch Conan and Subotai travel to the city of Zamora to find Doom. There, they encounter the female warrior Valeria (Sandahl Bergman). They steal treasure from the Tower of Serpents-killing a giant snake in the process-and after escaping, the thieves celebrate and Conan and Valeria fall in love. The city guards capture the trio and bring them to the court of King Osric (Max von Sydow), who requests that they rescue his daughter-who has become a follower of Doom-for a reward. Subotai and Valeria refuse, but Conan-driven by his hatred of Doom-sets off alone to the Temple of Set, where the sorcerer resides.

Conan infiltrates the temple disguised as a priest, but ends up being discovered, captured and tortured. Doom lectures him on the power of flesh, which he demonstrates by forcing one of his followers to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff, before ordering the barbarian to be crucified on the Tree of Woe. Subotai discovers the dying Conan and brings him to the Wizard of the Mounds (Mako), who lives on a burial site for warriors and kings. The wizard summons spirits to heal the barbarian, warning that they will "exact a heavy toll", which Valeria is willing to pay. These spirits try to capture Conan but he fully recovers from his wounds when Subotai and Valeria fight them off. 

Subotai and Valeria agree to help Conan complete the quest and infiltrate the temple of Set. As the cult indulges in a cannibalistic orgy, the thieves attack and flee with the princess. Doom shoots Valeria with a stiffened snake and is mortally injured. She dies of her wounds and Conan has her cremated at the Mounds, where he later prepares with Subotai and the wizard to fight Doom. With the use of booby traps and exploiting the terrain, the two manage to slay Doom's soldiers when they arrive. Valeria reappears briefly as a Valkyrie to protect Conan from a mortal blow. After the death of his men, Doom tries to shoot the princess with a stiffened snake, but Subotai blocks the shot with his shield and the sorcerer flees to his temple.

Conan sneaks back to the temple where Doom addresses the cult members. He confronts Doom, who attempts to mesmerize him. Conan, however, resists and decapitates the sorcerer. After the disillusioned cultists disperse, Conan razes the temple to the ground and returns the princess.

Aisne (river)

The Aisne is a river in northeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Oise river. It gave its name to the French department of Aisne. It was known in Roman times with its Celtic name of Axona.

The Aisne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Aisne is in the "Forest of Argonne", in the Rembercourt-Sommaisne "commune" (Meuse), near the border with the Marne department, at an altitude of about . From here, the Aisne flows to the west.

The Aisne river flows through 2 regions and 5 departments. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Oise river in the city of Compiègne.

The main tributaries of the Aisne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Trosly-Breuil in the Oise department.

The Aisne shows typical seasonal fluctuations. The highest levels of the river are in winter and spring, from December to May inclusive, with the highest level in February. They are followed by a rapid fall in the flow during the low water period that goes from July to October.


Damodar River

The Damodar River is a river in India. It flows through the states of West Bengal and Jharkhand. The river is nicknamed "the Sorrow of Bengal" because of the floods in the plains of West Bengal.

The Damodar River has many tributaries. They are:

Chota Nagpur Plateau receives an annual rainfall of around . The volume of this monsoon rain produces the floods of the Damodar River. Many of the floods of the Damodar River is recorded in the years of 1700, 1855, 1866, 1926, 1935 and 1943.

History of the United States (1789–1849)

The History of the United States (1789–1849), sometimes called the Antebellum period, is the history beginning with the Presidency of George Washington and ending just before the American Civil War. The first government, formed under the Articles of Confederation, had ended and a new government based on the United States Constitution began. In the early 19th century, the country went though a number of dramatic changes. The country expanded its borders, cities became industrial centers and the economy grew. Sections of the United States developed differently leading to conflicts and eventually up to a civil war. 

This is the period from 1789 to about 1801 when the Federalist Party controlled the American government.

In 1789, Washington was elected the first President of the United States. The Constitution only gave a vague outline of what a president should be. Washington defined the position of President and left office after two terms. During Washington's term, there was a Whiskey Rebellion, where country farmers tried to stop the government from collecting taxes on whiskey. In 1795, Congress passed the Jay Treaty, which allowed for increased trade with Britain in exchange for the British giving up their forts on the Great Lakes. However, Great Britain was still interfering with the U.S., such as impressment (making American sailors join the British Royal Navy). 

John Adams defeated Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1796 to become the second President of the United States. This was the first American election that was between two political parties. Under Adams, the United States Navy was created on April 30, 1798. It replaced the earlier Continental Navy which had been disbanded by 1785. By the end of 1798 the U.S. Navy had 14 ships with more being built. Adams pushed for and signed the controversial Alien and Sedition Acts. 

In the election of 1800, Jefferson defeated Adams. One of the most important things he did as President was to make the Louisiana Purchase from France, which made the United States twice as big. By 1800 24 treaties had been signed with nine European powers.

This is the period from 1800 through 1815 which includes the administrations of two Democratic-Republican Party presidents, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. They are commonly called Jeffersonian Republicans. During this time the country nearly doubled in size with the Louisiana Purchase from France. This, in turn, was one of the causes behind the War of 1812, when Great Britain attempted to re-claim her former American colonies.<!Era of good feelings • http://www.ushistory.org/us/23a.asp -->

In 1816, the Federalist Party candidate Rufus King ran against the Democratic-Republican candidate James Monroe. Monroe received 183 electoral votes to King's 34. That was the last time the Federalist Party ran a candidate. The Congressional election of 1818 gave the Democratic-Republicans a majority of 85%. Monroe served for two terms from 1817 to 1825. Due to the dominance of one political party this is often called the "Era of Good Feelings". But the party was deeply divided by this time. Many of the Federalist policies of Alexander Hamilton were adopted during this time and Monroe continued many of the economic policies of Madison. Three in particular were a national bank, protective tariffs and federal funding of the infrastructure.

The one-party Era of Good Feelings system of cooperation between politicians lasted only about a decade. It was replaced by a new two-party system, which continues to today. Political parties took on the job of building coalitions between many different groups with different interests. This new system broke away from the patronage system based on personal loyalties. The Founding Fathers of the United States had never imagined a system based on political parties but by the 1830s they had become the main system of American politics.

The presidential election of 1824 had no Federalist party candidate. There were five candidates with Andrew Jackson winning the electoral college with 99 votes. Second to Jackson was John Quincy Adams with 84 votes and third was William H. Crawford who received 41 votes. Because nobody received a clear majority of electoral votes, following the Twelfth Amendment, the decision would be made by the House of Representatives.

The Speaker of the House was Henry Clay, another of the five candidates for President in 1824. Despite his state legislature instructing him to vote for Jackson, Clay formed a coalition to elect Adams president. On the first vote, Adams won the majority of votes. At first, Jackson accepted the decision gracefully. But after Adams became president he appointed Clay his Secretary of State. This brought cries of a "corrupt bargain" between Clay and Adams. Jackson's 1828 political campaign to end government corruption began immediately afterwards to make sure Adams would be a one-term president.

Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828. He got nearly 70% of the electoral votes and over 60% participation in his election. This was largely due to Jackson's popularity as "Old Hickory", the hero of the Battle of New Orleans. His military career had included service in the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812 and the Seminole Wars. Jackson also benefited from the perceived "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Clay to expand his political base. 

During his presidency, Jackson founded the party that began calling itself the "American Democracy". Changes in the electoral rules and political campaigns also contributed towards the feeling the country was becoming more democratic than it had been up to this point. For both reasons this era was called Jacksonian democracy. The period itself was from 1828 into the 1840s but its influence lasted much longer. It was a period of democratic reforms in voting and changes to the structure of the federal government. Some historians see it as a contradiction in terms since it also defended slavery, the pushing of Native Americans westward and white supremacy. Jackson's policies during his two terms were best described as "laissez-faire". 

His Democratic Party stood for a smaller simpler government that did not involve itself in the economy or in regulating business. They opposed religious intrusion into government, especially in the forms of temperance, abolitionism and in officially keeping the Sabbath. Jackson and his Democrats wanted to keep government spending to a minimum.
The Democrats, under Jackson and his successor Martin Van Buren, became much better organized. They created a structure of local, state and national branches which controlled organizing membership as well as their caucuses and political conventions. They popularly claimed to be a grassroots party but were in fact controlled from Washington. They represented themselves as defending the common man against the "aristocrats" of the Whig Party. They started a spoils system of rewarding party loyalty with government jobs. After the War of 1812, Constitutional changes allowed more men to vote by erasing the requirement to own property. By Jackson's presidency, nearly all white men could vote. In 1812, only half of the states chose their electors in a presidential election by popular vote. By 1832, all states except South Carolina chose their presidential electors by popular vote. The Democrats were quick to take advantage of these changes. 

Jacksonian Democrats fought against the Second Bank of the United States. They wanted to remove the political influence of bankers on the national economy. They helped farmers and planters by taking away the lands of Native Americans and making cheap land available for settlers. But this did not get them the support of all planters in the South. Mostly centered in South Carolina, some thought the Jacksonian egalitarianism might threaten the institution of slavery itself. This led to the Nullification Crisis of 1832-1833. Farmers and planters had hoped that when Jackson was elected, he would reduce the unpopular tariffs that benefited Northern manufacturers and hurt the economy of the South. South Carolina passed the Ordinance of Nullification which declared the federal tariffs of 1828 and 1838 illegal within the borders of South Carolina. They also began to raise funds for a military to defend themselves. 

In November 1832, Jackson sent a fleet of seven navy ships and one warship to Charleston. He called the state act "insurrection and treason". While other states in the south may have sympathized with South Carolina, they called the state's actions unconstitutional. South Carolina finally gave in and removed their objections to the tariff. In response, in 1833, Henry Clay got a bill through Congress that reduced the tariff in stages for any that were over 20%. So in the end South Carolina had shown it could force its will on Congress by resisting a federal law.

A number of reform movements began during this period after 1815. The improved economy after the War of 1812 provided a new class of people who had the time and financial resources to become involved in social movements. New technologies in printing increased the number of publications including those about subjects such as abolition. Better transportation meant lecturers could move from place to place more easily. A temperance movement began about 1819. A religious movement, sometimes called the Second Great Awakening, swept through the country during this time. Common themes ran through most of these reform movements. One of the most important was the belief that people had the ability to choose between right and wrong. For example, slavery was wrong. The term "slave" was used to show anything that was held to be wrong in society. Drunkards were "slaves" to alcohol, workers were "slaves" to the factory owners, and women were "slaves" to men. It was also common for those who believed in anti-slavement movements to also believe in women's rights, religious reforms and temperance reforms. People were given to joining local organizations because there were no strong political leaders championing these causes. There were no national church organizations to lead these causes. Reform movements went around the political and religious systems, at least until the 1840s. The movements themselves, such as the abolitionist movement, were not completely unified and had internal disagreements over what should be done or how to go about it.

Slavery was mainly concentrated in the South by 1830. Slaves were used on small farms and large plantations. They were also used in towns as domestic workers and labor for various industries. Slaves were considered to be property because they were black. They were kept as slaves by the constant threat of violence. They were not allowed to forget they were slaves even though they lived with their masters. Many slaveowners genuinely cared about their slaves, but never saw them as their equal. But the largest percentage of Southerners did not own slaves. Most Southerners worked their own farms yet, curiously, they defended slavery as an institution. Many resented the wealth and power of the large plantation owners but at the same time held out the hope that someday they could join those ranks. Also, while poor Southerners were looked down on by rich plantation owners, they could themselves look down on blacks as an inferior group.

Cotton had become the largest cash crop. But plantations also grew corn, rice, sugarcane and tobacco. Slaves on plantations may have averaged 50 or less, but the largest plantations had hundreds of slaves. In addition to field work, slaves also were skilled in trades such as blacksmithing, carpentry and mechanics. Domestic slaves did the cooking for the family, raised their children and performed all the work in the household. They were always supervised and had to work at all times they were not sleeping. Domestic slaves had virtually no privacy. Young white children formed close attachment to their black nannies. But as they grew up they were educated as to how slaves were to be treated.

During this time period cotton plantations became very profitable in the South. Advances such as the cotton gin, power looms and the Sewing machine created a demand for cotton. It was exported from the South to New England and to England. Plantation owners needed more land and more slaves to grow more cotton. They were especially interested in expanding into new territories. They needed more slaves and after the ban on importing African slaves into the U.S., the prices went up. Small farmers found it profitable to sell their slaves to the large plantation owners. Wealth in the South often reflected how many slaves a planter owned. Slaves gave them political power and prestige.

The textile industry started the industrial revolution in the North. Other advances in manufacturing were in making paint, furniture, paper and glass. Between 1814 and 1865, the population grew by a factor of four. Manufacturing output grew to twelve times and the price of manufactured goods grew to eight times what it was before. Most of this growth was in New England. Rivers provided power for mills. In Pennsylvania coal and iron ore were mined. Agriculture remained an important industry in the North. Schools provided education provided a literate supply of workers and inventors. Large ports and ships provided transportation to foreign markets. Also railroads and water transportation such as the Erie Canal provided goods and services further west. A steady supply of immigrants provided much of the labor force that ran the Northern industries. During this period a number of social movements including anti-slavery began to have noticeable effects on society. In 1831 more radical forms of abolitionist movements emerged.


Domain name registrar

A domain name registrar is a company designed to provide domain registration service to other companies or individuals that would like to own a particular web address. The party seeking to register the site will usually pay the domain name registrar a flat or monthly fee to keep the name registered, so that no other person is able to acquire the web address. The systems setup by the domain name registrar translates IP addresses into easily identifiable domain names. this is called the domain name registrar.

Magnetic storage

Magnetic storage is a way of storing data that uses magnets to store binary data. It uses patterns of positive and negative magnetisation to store data using read/write heads, which can view and change the magnetisation. A few examples include hard disk drives, floppy disks, and magnetic stripes.

Arrondissements of the Aisne department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Aisne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Aisne are:

Since its creation, the Aisne department has had few changes:


United Arab Emirates Armed Forces

The United Arab Emirates Armed Forces is the armed forces of the United Arab Emirates. It defends all seven emirates. They have about 65,000 personnel. Their headquarters are in Abu Dhabi, UAE. It has been used twice in Sharjah. 

Tecumseh

Tecumseh ( ; March 1768 – October 5, 1813) was a Native American leader of the Shawnee and a large tribal confederacy (known as Tecumseh's Confederacy) which opposed the United States during Tecumseh's War and became an ally of Britain in the War of 1812. He is also the earliest known ruler of the Shawnee Tribe. 

Tecumseh had a brother named Tenskwatawa. Tenskwatawa was known as the town drunkard in the town until he changed and became religious. When Tecumseh left for a business trip and left Tenskwatawa in charge, he didn't do a good job. He started a war with his leadership, and a while after Tecumseh returned, Tecumseh was killed. Tecumseh also has a son named Cheeseekau.

Notes

Arrondissement of Château-Thierry

The arrondissement of Château-Thierry is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Château-Thierry.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Soissons "arrondissement", to the south and southeast by the Marne department, to the southwest by the Seine-et-Marne department and to the northwest by the Oise department.

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (73,188 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry are:

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Croquet

Croquet is a sport. It was officially registered by Isaac Spratt in November 1856. It involves hitting plastic or wooden balls with a mallet through hoops (often called "wickets" in the United States) embedded in a grass playing court.

Computational linguistics

Computational Linguistics is a field of linguistics that deals with making computers understand human language. Some of the biggest sub-fields of computational linguistics are:

Speech recognition, which is a computer program that listens to people talk and writes down what they said

Speech synthesis, which is a computer program that takes writing and reads it out loud

Machine translation, which is a computer program that turns a language into a different one

Dialog Systems, which is a computer program that talks with a human to help them do something

Arrondissement of Laon

The arrondissement of Laon is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital, and the Prefecture of the department, is the city of Laon.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Laon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Laon is the central "arrondissement" of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the northwest by the Saint-Quentin "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Vervins "arrondissement", to the east by the Ardennes department, to the southeast by the Marne department, to the south by the Soissons "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Oise department and to the northwest by the Somme department.

The "arrondissement" of Laon is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and in population (165,489 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Laon are:

The "arrondissement" of Laon has 244 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Quentin

The arrondissement of Saint-Quentin is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Quentin.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin is in the northwest of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Nord department, to the east by the Vervins "arrondissement", to the south by the Laon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Somme department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but is the second in population (130,918 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

All the cantons of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin have their "communes" in the "arrondissement"; they are:
The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin has 126 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Soissons

The arrondissement of Soissons is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Soissons.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Soissons was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Soissons is in the central part of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Laon "arrondissement", to the east by the Marne department, to the south by the Château-Thierry "arrondissement" and to the west by the Oise department.

The "arrondissement" of Soissons has an area of and a population of 103,840 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Soissons are:
The "arrondissement" of Soissons has 166 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Full Circle (Creed album)

Full Circle is the fourth and final studio album by American post-grunge band Creed. The album was released on October 27, 2009 through Wind-up Records.

Arrondissement of Vervins

The arrondissement of Vervins is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Vervins.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vervins was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vervins is in the northeast of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Nord department, to the northeast by Belgium (), to the east by the Ardennes department, to the south by the Laon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Saint-Quentin "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Vervins has an area of . It is the "arrondissement" of Aisne with fewest people living in it, 66,348 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Vervins are:


The "arrondissement" of Vervins has 130 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie

Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Artonges, La Celle-sous-Montmirail, Fontenelle-en-Brie and Marchais-en-Brie.

The town hall is in Marchais-en-Brie.

The "commune" of Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie gets is name from:

Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie is in the southern part of the Aisne department at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the southeast of Château-Thierry, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Gennifer Flowers

Gennifer Flowers (born January 24, 1950) is an American model and actress. She became known after she revealed a sexual affair with President Bill Clinton. Before Clinton's presidency, she posed nude in "Penthouse" magazine. She also acted in two movies and one television show.

Flowers was born in Oklahoma City.

IOS 10

iOS 10 is a version of iOS released on September 13, 2016, preceded by iOS 9. iOS 10 includes new features such as 3D touch improvements, the lock screen, Emojis in Messages, Siri's compatibility to third-party apps, and many others. This is the first time Apple has dropped support for devices since iOS 8. Apple since then have a limited support for the iPhone 5, iPhone 5C, and the fourth-generation iPad.

iOS 10 supports Xserve.
The user now has the option of downloading applications from a app store in Messages.

Ivory-billed woodpecker

The ivory-billed woodpecker ("Campephilus principalis") is a possibly extinct species of woodpecker. It would be about in length. Its wingspan would be . It is one of 23 species which the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has declared extinct.However, the UCN have not changed its assessment of the species, and the USFWS statement might be revoked in 2022, according to Matt Courtman from Mission Ivorybill.

The last sighting was in Arkansas in 2004. They were often mistaken for pileated woodpeckers. The males had red crests, and the females had black crests.

McCollough effect

The McCollough effect is a phenomenon of human vision: Colorless gratings appear colored contingent on the orientation of the gratings. People need time to see the effect. For example, if someone looks at a red horizontal grating and then at a green vertical grating for a few minutes, a black-and-white horizontal grating will look greenish and a black-and-white vertical grating will then look pinkish. The effect is remarkable for often lasting up to three months or more.

The effect was discovered by American psychologist Celeste McCollough in 1965.

Vallées-en-Champagne

Vallées-en-Champagne is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Baulne-en-Brie, La Chapelle-Monthodon and Saint-Agnan.

The town hall is in Baulne-en-Brie.

Vallées-en-Champagne is in the southeastern part of the Aisne department, on the border with the Marne department, at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the southeast of Château-Thierry, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Mitch Hedberg

Mitchell Lee "Mitch" Hedberg (February 24, 1968 – March 30, 2005) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, and comedian. He was born and raised in St. Paul, Minnesota. Hedberg's trademark was his hippie look and his relaxed unconventional comedic delivery.

Hedberg began his stand-up career in Florida. He later moved to Seattle and began to tour. He soon appeared on MTV's "Comikaze". This was followed by a 1996 appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman" that brought him his big break. He won the 1997 grand prize at the Seattle Comedy Competition. The next year he appeared in an episode of Fox's series "That '70s Show".

In 1999, he completed his own independent feature movie, "Los Enchiladas!". He was the star, writer, director and producer. He recorded three comedy CDs: "Strategic Grill Locations", "Mitch All Together", and "Do You Believe in Gosh?". The last was released posthumously. He also appeared at the Montreal Just for Laughs comedy festival in 1996, and again in 1998 and 2001.

At the same time as his rising fame in the entertainment industry, Hedberg appeared on Letterman nine more times. He signed a half-million dollar deal with Fox for a television sitcom. Hedberg was supposed to be the next Jerry Seinfeld. George Carlin, Dave Chappelle, Mike Birbiglia and Lewis Black were reportedly among his comedian fans.


Les Septvallons

Les Septvallons is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Glennes, Longueval-Barbonval, Merval, Perles, Révillon, Vauxcéré and Villers-en-Prayères.

The town hall is in Longueval-Barbonval.

Les Septvallons is in the eastern part of the Soissons "arrondissement", in the valley of the Aisne river; the "commune" is on the border with the Marne department, at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the east of Soissons, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Decongestant

A decongestant (or nasal decongestant) is a type of pharmaceutical drug that is used to help stop nasal congestion in the upper respiratory tract. The active ingredients that most decongestants have are pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine.

2016–17 NHL season

The 2016–17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation (99th season of play) of the National Hockey League. 

There were 82 games for each team in the regular season from October 12, 2016 to April 9, 2017. The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 12 and ended on June 11 when the Calgary Flames won game four of the 2017 Stanley Cup Final against the Philadelphia Flyers. This was the flames' third Stanley Cup in their history and their second in four seasons. They also won the Stanley Cup in 2016 and that means they are the first team since the Phoenix Coyotes in 2011 and 2012 to win two Stanley Cups in a row. 

The Washington Capitals were the Presidents' Trophy winners for being the best team of the regular season. Edmonton Oilers player, Connor McDavid, won both the Hart Memorial Trophy, for being the most valuable player to his team, and the Art Ross Trophy for scoring the most goals and assists. The Oilers also made the playoffs for the first time since the 2005-06 NHL season. This tied the record for longest time without making the playoffs at 10 seasons. The Detroit Red Wings missed the playoffs. The last time this happened was in the 1989-90 NHL season. This 25-season streak was the fourth longest in NHL history and the longest in the NHL, Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association and theNational Football League. The team with the longest streak in the NHL became the Penguins at 11 seasons. The first round of the playoffs broke the record for most overtime games with 18. The Eastern Conference runner-up was the Ottawa Senators for losing the Conference Final to the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Western Conference runner-up was the Anaheim Ducks for losing the Conference Final to the Nashville Predators. Pittsburgh Penguins' player Sidney Crosby was the Conn Smythe Trophy winner for being the most valuable player of the playoffs.

Tie Breakers:<br>
1. Fewer number of games played.<br>
2. Greater Regulation + OT Wins (ROW)<br>
3. Greatest number of points earned in head-to-head play (If teams played an unequal # of head-to-head games, the result of the first game on the home ice of the team with the extra home game is discarded.)<br>
4. Greater Goal differential


Metropolitan Division

The National Hockey League's Metropolitan Division was formed in 2013 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment. It followed the Atlantic Division which and some teams also joined from the Southeast Division. Six of its teams had been in the Patrick Division from 1981–93 (one joined in 1982). As of the 2013–14 season, it is the only NHL division without a Canadian team. Five of the division's teams are located in either the New York City area or in Pennsylvania.










Teams in bold are currently in the division.

2015–16 NHL season

The 2015–16 NHL season was the 99th season of operation (98th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 7, 2015 to April 10, 2016.

The 2016 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 13, 2016 and ended June 12. The Calgary Flames won their second Stanley Cup. None of the seven Canadian-based teams (except for the Ottawa Senators and Toronto Maple Leafs) qualified for the playoffs. The only other time in league history with no Canadian teams in the playoffs was in 1970.


List of United States senators from Utah

Utah was admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896. It elects senators to Class 1 and Class 3. In early January 2019, its senators were Republicans Mike Lee and Mitt Romney.

! rowspan=2 | 1
! 1

! rowspan=4 | 2

! rowspan=3 | 2

! rowspan=15 | 3

! rowspan=6 | 3

! rowspan=12 | 4

! rowspan=9 | 4

! rowspan=3 | 5

! rowspan=6 | 6

! rowspan=12 | 5

! rowspan=10 | 7

! rowspan=10 | 6

! rowspan=21 | 8

! rowspan=9 | 7

! rowspan=6 | 8

! rowspan=3 | 9

, there were two living former U.S. senators from Utah. The most recent senator to die was Bob Bennett of Class 3 (1993-2011) on May 4, 2016. The most recent Class 1 senator to die was Frank Moss (1959-1977) on January 29, 2003.

Bagnes

Bagnes was a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.

Val de Bagnes, Bruson, Champsec, Cotterg, Fionnay, Le Châble, Les Morgnes, Lourtier, Medières, Mauvoisin, Montagnier, Prarreyer, Sarreyer, Verbier, Versegères and Villette

Verbier

Verbier is a village in southwestern Switzerland in the canton of Valais. It is a holiday resort and ski area of the Swiss Alps and is recognized as one of the premiere "off-piste" resorts in the world.

Verbier is in the municipality of Bagnes, in the Swiss canton of Valais. The village lies on a south oriented terrace at around 1,500 metres facing the Grand Combin massif. The terrace lies on the east side of the Val de Bagnes, a valley located south of Martigny.


Piezoelectricity

Piezoelectric material generates a small electrical voltage, when its shape is deformed. This can be by as little as a 0.09% change, and can produce 12mAh worth of electricity at 230V (standard power output). It is important to note that the actual values of a piezoelectric material's volume or surface area do not change, as only the ratios of each axis (x, y and z) that are altered. E.g. a cuboid with 20 meters cubed volume can have the normal dimensions 1 meter by 2 meters by 10 meters, and the deformed dimensions 2 meters by 2.5 meters by 4 meters; the volume would remain the same, .

When processed, the piezoelectric crystal become sharper as they get refined through heating and cooling. This process makes the material much more sensitive to changes in pressure, as well as increases their resistance to compressive stress that would impede its ability to function.


Bourg-Saint-Pierre

Bourg-Saint-Pierre (German name: "St. Petersburg") is a municipality of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Liddes

Liddes is a municipality of the district Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Liddes-Ville, Chandonne, Fontaine, Rive-Haute, Drance, Fornex, Les Moulins, Vichères, Chez-Petit and Palasui


Orsières

Orsières is a municipality of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Branche, Chamoille, Champex-Lac, Chez-les-Addy-Maligue, Chez-les-Giroud, Chez-les-Reuses, Commeire, Issert, La Douay, La Fouly, La Rosière, Le Biolley, Les Archales, Orsières, Prassurny, Prayon, Praz-de-Fort, Reppaz, Somplaroz, Soulalex and Verlonnaz.


Yvan Cournoyer

Yvan Serge "The Roadrunner" Cournoyer (born November 22, 1943) is a retired Canadian hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens from 1963 to 1979.

2016 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia

The 2016 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia became the 9th IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia, an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It took place between 12 and 18 March 2016 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Participants


Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.

The Division I competition will played between 9 and 14 April 2016 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.

Participants


2015–16 Euro Hockey Tour

The 2015–16 Euro Hockey Tour is the 20th season of Euro Hockey Tour. It started on 5 November 2015 and lasted until 30 April 2016. It consisted of Karjala Cup, Channel One Cup and Euro Hockey Tour Games. Sweden won the tournament.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Karjala Cup was played between 5–8 November 2015. Five of the matches were played in Helsinki, Finland, and one match in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden. Tournament was won by Sweden.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Channel One Cup was played between 17–20 December 2015. Five of the matches were played in Russia, and one match in Czech Republic. Tournament was won by Czech Republic.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


2015 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia

The 2015 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia became the 8th IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia, an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It took place between 14 and 19 March 2015 in Taipei City, Chinese Taipei.

Participants

The Division I competition will played between 18 and 25 April 2015 in Kuwait City, Kuwait.

Participants


2016–17 NLA season

The 2016–17 National League A season is the tenth ice hockey season of Switzerland's top hockey league, the National League A. Overall, it is the 79th season of Swiss professional hockey.

SC Bern is the defending champions.

On September 22, 2016, Fribourg-Gottéron's Gerd Zenhäusern was relieved of his duties of head coach after posting a 1-1-1-3 record through 6 games this season. It was later announced that Larry Huras would take over the job for the remainder of the season.

On October 1, 2016, the SCL Tigers fired head coach Scott Beattie after posting a 1-0-2-7 record through 10 games this season. He eventually went on to coach his final game that same day against EHC Kloten, which Langnau won 5-3. On October 2, 2016, it was announced that Heinz Ehlers would be Langnau's new head coach for the remainder of the season and through the 2017-18 season should the team stay in the NLA.

Lausanne is playing its final season at Malley before playing two seasons in a temporary arena which will be located in the old city's slaughterhouse. Meanwhile, their new 10,000-seat arena will be built on the site of the old Malley.

This is Fribourg's last season in the current BCF Arena before it undergoes major renovations in the spring of 2017, which will last for about two years and increase the capacity from 6,500 to 8,500. The team should still be able to play in the arena during the renovations.

John Gilliland

John Sanford Gilliland, Jr. (October 18, 1935 – July 27, 1998) spoke on the radio.  He made the "Pop Chronicles" music documentary, which told the story of popular music in America.  He was an original member of The Credibility Gap comedy group. He was born and died in  Quanah, Texas. He worked for radio stations in Texas and California including KOGO in San Diego (1961–1965), KRLA 1110 in Los Angeles (1965–1970), and KSFO (AM) in San Francisco (1971–1978).

Gilliland worked on his radio documentary, "The Pop Chronicles", for over two years. He interviewed many famous musicians. Then it was first broadcast in 1969. It covered popular music of the 1950s and 1960s. In 1969, KRLA and many other radio stations broadcast this show. This show can now be heard online.

At KSFO in San Francisco, he also produced and broadcast, beginning in 1972, "The Pop Chronicles 40’s". This show is about the popular music of the 1940s.

He edited and in 1994 published "Pop Chronicles: the 40's" as a four-cassette audiobook. This book was also called "The Big Band Chronicles". When he was retired, he still worked for KREB in Houston and KXIC in Quanah. He died in 1998. In 2003, Gilliland's sister donated the Pop Chronicles tapes to the University of North Texas Music Library.  They form The John Gilliland Collection.



Eva Vik

Eva Vik (born Eva Doležalová May 5, 1991) is a Czech filmmaker, film director, screenwriter, and producer, represented by Ridley Scott Creative Group worldwide. She is known for films such as Serpentine (2023), Raven (2022) and Carte Blanche (2019). She has been recognised with numerous film awards for her rapidly rising career including the Breakout Director's Award at the Hollywood Film Festival, the Audience Award and the Best Genre Award at the Mammoth Film Festival, and the Best Director at ISA. She was also awarded at Centre Pompidou for her Transformational Trilogy Sounds of Sun, Somnio, Samice in 2019. Moreover, her most recent film Serpentine(2023) has also been nominated for the X award at the Tribeca Film Festival. In 2021, Forbes magazine had also ranked Eva Vik among the 30 most influential people under 30.
At the age of 10, she began to take an interest in the world of cinema and theatre by taking part in local film productions and theatre plays where she had the opportunity to have roles and a first introduction to scriptwriting. These experiences then led her, at the age of 18, to enroll at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, allowing her to subsequently land roles in productions, some of which were directed by Shane Black or Mike Figgis. She then moved to Paris.

Eva Vik is a polyglot, she speaks English, French, Czech, Italian, and Polish.

In 2017, Eva Vik moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career as a screenwriter and director and made her first short film called Sound of Sun starring Sean Penn and Suki Waterhouse. 

Several other short films followed, including: "Carte Blanche" with Dylan Sprouse, Suki Waterhouse, and Jack Kilmer who won the Audience Award at the Mammoth Film Festival in 2019 and a Breakout Director Award at the Hollywood Film Festival in 2020. And "Maestro", with Clara McGregor and Karel Dobrý, which awarded her the Best Director Award and the Grand Jury Prize at the Independent Shorts Awards in 2021. 

In 2022 and 2023, Eva Vik wrote and directed two science fiction works: "Serpentine" featuring Barbara Palvin, Luke Brandon Field, and Soo Joo Park, which earned her a Premiere screening at the Tribeca Festival, a nomination for the Tribeca X Award and the award for best genre short film at the Mammoth Film Festival. And Raven, released by Vogue magazine which was awarded at the HollyShorts Oscar-Qualifying Film Festival in 2022.

Eva Vik directed two projects in collaboration with Bulgari, Serpentine, a short film starring Barbara Palvin, and a Bulgari Omnia campaign starring Cailee Spaeny who was awarded the Volpi Cup at the Venice Film Festival (2023).

Eva Vik announced, in an interview with LA Weekly in 2023, that she would henceforth bear the maiden name Vik of her maternal grandmother. Indeed, she declared that she no longer wanted to perpetuate the patronymic patriarchal tradition and give the strong women of her family the place they deserve.

Eva Vik is also, apart from her film activity, a philanthropist, committed to the protection of women and children who are victims of domestic violence all over the world through the White Ribbon Campaign.

2017 IIHF World U18 Championships

The 2017 IIHF U18 World Championship will be the 19th IIHF World U18 Championship, and will be hosted by Poprad and Spišská Nová Ves, Slovakia. The tournament will played 13 to 23 April 2017. Finland will enter the tournament as the defending champions.

The Division I A tournament will be played in Bled, Slovenia, from 7 to 13 April 2017.

The Division I B tournament will be played in Bled, Slovenia, from 15 to 21 April 2017.

The Division II A tournament will be played in Gangneung, South Korea, from 2 to 8 April 2017.

The Division II B tournament was played in Novi Sad, Serbia, from 13 to 19 March 2017.

The Division III A tournament will be played in Taipei, Taiwan, from 21 to 27 March 2017.

The Division III B tournament will be played in Querétaro, Mexico, from 17 to 19 March 2017.


GNU Anubis

GNU Anubis is an outgoing mail processor. It goes between the Mail User Agent (MUA) and the Mail transport agent (MTA), and can perform various sorts of processing and conversion on the outgoing mail in accord with the sender's specified rules, based on a configurable regular expressions system. It operates as a proxy server, independently from mail user agents.


2014–15 NHL season

The 2014–15 NHL season was the 98th season of operation (97th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 8, 2014 to June 15, 2015. The 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 15, 2015, and ended on June 15, 2015. The Tampa Bay Lightning won the Stanley Cup.


2013 World Junior A Challenge

The 2013 World Junior A Challenge was an international Junior "A" ice hockey tournament organized by Hockey Canada. It was hosted in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, from November 4–10, 2013, at the Mariners Centre. The event included the 9th annual Canadian Junior Hockey League Prospects Game Challenge, marking the third time the two events have been paired together.


Canada East, Canada West, Russia, United States, Switzerland, and Czech Republic all return.

All-Star Team

For the third consecutive year, the Canadian Junior Hockey League Prospects Game was a part of the WJAC festivities. Just like the previous four Prospects Games, the event was actually two "prospect" games with the President's Cup going to the winning goal aggregate.

Prospects East won their fourth President's Cup in nine years with an 8-4 aggregate victory (4-2, 4-2) over Prospects West.


2013 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships

The 7th IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships took place in the SPART Complex in Goyang, South Korea from April 12 - 20, 2013. It was the first time that South Korea hosted the IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships. In the final, Canada defeated the United States 1-0, to win their third title. Russia defeated the Czech Republic 3-0 for the bronze medal.

2011–12 NLA season

The 2011–12 National League A season was the fifth ice hockey season of the National League A since the reorganization of the Swiss league. 12 teams participated in the league, which was won by EV Zug.

The bottom 4 teams of the National League A will compete in a losing team advances tournament to determine if they should stay in the League. The loser of this tournament will compete against the champions of the National League B to determine which league they will play in next season.

Ambrì-Piotta would later defeat SC Langenthal, Champions of the National League B, 4–1 to remain in the National League A

2013–14 NHL season

The 2013–14 NHL season was the 97th season of operation (96th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

This season had a realignment. The league's 30 teams changed from six divisions to four divisions. The regular season began October 1 and ended April 13. The 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs began April 16. For the first time since 1973, only one Canadian team made the playoffs: the Montreal Canadiens.

There was no all-star game this season, due to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. Prior to the season, the NHL, International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) and Olympic officials reached an agreement to send NHL players to the Olympics game. The league took a break on February 9 and resumed play on February 25.

The new divisions are:

Western Conference
Eastern Conference


2013–14 NLA season

The 2013–14 National League A season is the seventh ice hockey season of Switzerland's top hockey league, the National League A. Overall, it is the 76th season of Swiss professional hockey. It was won by ZSC Lions after beating Kloten Flyers 4-0 in the play offs.

After the 2012–13 season, SCL Tigers were defeated by Lausanne HC of National League B, switching places with them. The number of teams stands at 12.

Six games were played as part of the relegation round. Results from the regular season carried over.

The bottom two teams played in the final.


The bottom team from the relegation round, EHC Biel, played against HC Viège, the National League B champion, for the right to play in the 2014-15 NLA season.



2012–13 NHL season

The 2012–13 NHL season was the 96th season of operation (95th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

30 teams competed. There were 48 games. The regular season began on January 19, 2013 and ended on April 28, 2013. The season start was to begin on October 11, 2012 but was delayed due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout

The playoffs began on April 30, 2013. The Los Angeles Kings won the Stanley Cup on June 24, 2013 after defeating the Boston Bruins in seven games.


2014 Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2014 Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament was the first Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament, an annual event run by the Federación Deportiva de México de Hockey sobre Hielo. It took place in Mexico City, Mexico between March 2 and March 9, 2014. Canada won the tournament, winning all five of its game and defeating Mexico in the gold medal game. Colombia finished third place after defeating Argentina in the bronze medal game.







2011–12 NHL season

The 2011–12 NHL season was the 95th season of operation (94th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 6, 2011 to April 7, 2012.

The 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 11, 2012. The Phoenix Coyotes won the Stanley Cup.

During the off-season, the Atlanta Thrashers relocated to Winnipeg, Manitoba, to become the Winnipeg Jets.


2015 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2015 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL) .

The Western Conference champion Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Eastern Conference champion Tampa Bay Lightning four games to two. This was the sixth championship for the Blackhawks.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

2014 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2014 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL)'s season.

The Western Conference champion Los Angeles Kings defeated the Eastern Conference champion New York Rangers four games to one. This was the second championship for the Los Angeles Kings.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

2013 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2013 Stanley Cup Final was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL) season. The Western Conference playoff champion Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Eastern Conference playoff champion Boston Bruins in six games. This was the fifth championship for the Blackhawks.

Due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout the 2013 Cup Finals began on June 12. The last game was June 24. This tied the , also impacted by a lockout, for the latest in June that the Stanley Cup was awarded.

In Game six, the Blackhawks were losing 2-1 with 76 seconds left in the third period. In 17 seconds, Bryan Bickell and then Dave Bolland scored to take the lead and win the series.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

Hoek van Holland Haven metro station

Hoek van Holland Haven ("Hook of Holland Harbour") is a railway station in the Netherlands. Trains used to connect with the Stena Line Dutchflyer boat service to Harwich International in England. This station is being converted into the Rotterdam Metro. Buses replace trains.

Dark web

The dark web is the world wide web content that exists on darknets. These are overlay networks which use the public internet but need specific software, configurations or authorization to access. The dark web is a small part of the deep web. The deep web is the part of the web not accessed by search engines. Sometimes the term "deep web" is wrongly used to refer to the dark web only.

The dark web includes small, friend-to-friend peer-to-peer networks, as well as large networks like Freenet, I2P, and Tor. Users of the dark web refer to the regular web as the clearnet because it is not encrypted. The Tor dark web may be referred to as onionland,

Vollèges

Vollèges was a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.
Vollèges, Le Levron, Chemin-Dessus, Vens, Etiez and Cries.


Bellwald

Bellwald is a municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Forever (Brooke Valentine song)

"Forever" is a song by Brooke Valentine. It was released in February 2012. The song's video premiered on 106 & Park on February 22, 2012.

Virtual image

In optics, a virtual image is an image formed when the outgoing rays from an object always diverge (move apart). A plane mirror forms a virtual image positioned behind the mirror. Light from the source only exists in front of the mirror. The image in a plane mirror appears to be as far behind the mirror as the object is in front of the mirror.

In contrast, a real image is one that is formed when the outgoing rays form a point converge at a real location. Real images can be projected onto a diffuse reflecting screen, but a screen is not necessary for the image to form.

2016 California Proposition 64

The Adult Use of Marijuana Act (also known as AUMA or Proposition 64) was a 2016 voter initiative that legalized Cannabis in California. The full name of the measure was the "Control, Regulate and Tax Adult Use of Marijuana Act". A similar initiative was on the ballot in 2010, Proposition 19. It did not pass. The initiative passed with 56% voter approval and became law on November 9, 2016.

The initiative made recreational cannabis legal for anyone over the age of 21. It also allowed people to grow marijuana plants and sell them. The state would then be able to tax the sale of purchase of the substance.

AUMA allows adults to carry up to an ounce of marijuana. They can also grow up to six marijuana plants in their home. Marijuana packaging would be required to provide the net weight, origin, age, and type of the product, as well as how much of tetrahydrocannabinol, cannabidiol, and other cannabinoids are in the product. It must also provide any information about if any pesticides were used during the production.

Smoking marijuana in public is still illegal, and anyone caught doing so will have to pay a $100 fine. Driving under the influence of marijuana is also still illegal. The penalty for unlicensed sale of marijuana is now reduced from four years in state prison to six months in county jail.

60% of the revenue from the new cannabis taxes is going towards to youth programs, 20% to environmental damage cleanup, and 20% to public safety.

The results were determined on 8 November 2016.


Novolac

Novolac is a high type cyclic steroid hormone found in plants. The discovery of this substance led to creation of velox photographic paper which is an indigenous substance for making of print paper.

Marxism–Leninism

Marxism–Leninism was practiced by the Soviet Union (USSR) after the Bolshevik Revolution. It was also practiced by the Stalinists in the USSR. 
The purpose of Marxism–Leninism is to turn a capitalist state into a socialist state. This is done by a revolution by the proletariat to overthrow the old government. The new government then creates a "dictatorship of the proletariat". This new government leads the country based on democratic centralism.

The communist party is supposed to lead society from capitalism to socialism. According to ML, socialism was more "advanced" than capitalism, but communism would be more "advanced" than socialism. Indeed, ML is supposed to provide only a first step: from capitalism to socialism, on the way to a communist society with no class or state..

Today, the only remaining countries that claim adherence to Marxism-Leninism are: China, Cuba, Vietnam, and Laos, with North Korea moving to its own political philosophy, Juche, though the ideology was also influenced by Marxism-Leninism.

Lenin introduced the NEP in 1921 because Russia was in a state of collapse.

Marxism–Leninism is an extension of Leninism. It developed as a form of Marxism with adaptations from the works and theories of Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin. Mao Zedong has also made contributions to Marxism–Leninism through Maoism.

Mahesh Chandra Mehta

Mahesh Chandra Mehta, born on 12 October 1946, is a public interest attorney from India. He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1996 for his legal work against pollution-causing industries. He received the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Asia for Public Service in 1997. The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2016.

Dairy farming

Dairy farming is a type of agriculture that is focused on producing milk. This is different from raising animals to produce meat. Milk can be used to produce dairy products, including cheese. Species commonly used are cows (so-called dairy cows), but goats, sheep and camels are also used. Sometimes donkeys are used to produce an alternative to cows' milk for babies. Some babies can digest donkeys' milk better than cows' milk.

Producing milk has been part of farming since prehistoric times. In the 20th century, farmers have become more specialized. Some farmers started with farms that only produce milk.

Mambru Went to War

Mambru Went to War ("Mambrú se fue a la guerra" in Spanish) is a 1986 Spanish dramatic-black comedy movie. Fernando Fernán Gómez both directed and starred in the movie.

The news of the death of Francisco Franco has special meaning to the family of Florentina. The family includes her daughter Encarna, her son Hilario, and her grandchildren Juanita and Manolín. At the same time, Florentina tells the rest of the family that her husband Emiliano is still alive. He was thought to have died in the Spanish Civil War. He actually spent the time hidden at their family home.



Binn

Binn (Walliser German: "Bìi") is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

The Binn valley is known for its rich mineral deposits, some types of which are unique to the area. The notable Lengenbach Quarry is in Binn.


Blitzingen

Blitzingen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Bodme, Wiler, Ammern, Gadmen and Blitzingen.


The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman

The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman is an American-British television series is an Sprout from July 3, 2006 until December 20, 2010. which premiered on United States on Sprout on July 3, 2006. as postman vehicle most Sprout shows, as an Sprout-programming block. Similar to Roary the Racing Car, Mopatop's Shop, Fifi and the Flowertots and Driver Dan's Story Train on Sprout. The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman is a vehicle postman car post for children in the 2006 year old age group. The series uses postman mail carrier vehicle and car to bus, car, postman car and police car.

This is stills channels on United States on Sprout on July 3, 2006.

Mr. Mailman is a postman.

Yr. Police is a police car.

Ukraine International Airlines

Ukraine International Airlines is the flag carrier of Ukraine. The airline began in 1992, after Ukraine became an independent country from the Soviet Union. It started flying cargo in 1994. It flies mostly Boeing 737 airplanes. It goes from Ukraine to Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Commonwealth of Independent States. 74% of the airline owned by Ukraine and 26% is owned by Cyprus. 

MAX Linux

MaX: Madrid_Linux is an operating system of the Ministry of Education and Employment of the Community of Madrid, specially adapted for using it in primary and secondary schools, due to its simplicity, robustness and included data collection software.

Even the second version was based on Knoppix, a distribution based on Debian GNU/Linux. The current version of MaX (MaX 9.5, is based on Ubuntu 16.04.4 LTS) is specially designed for using it in the educational environment as a system for teacher or student. However, it can also be used by the users of personal computers. In addition, it comes ready to be installed and used, and is equipped with multimedia and variety of programs on three desktops: GNOME, KDE and Xfce. In any case, it can be fully used in "live" mode, that is to say, directly from the DVD without having it installed on the hard disk.

Its explicit are:

The installation disc is a DVD that can be used "en vivo" (live) before installing MaX on the hard disk, that is to say, from the DVD drive. Besides, even if the opposite is claimed, these programs can be installed if the computer has the access to the Internet, so that you can test the applications that do not come installed on the live system. There is yet another way to use live MaX version installed accessibility. In the guide mentioned before installation you can find a lot of useful information about the facilities.

On the other hand, the installation for desktop MaX is even easier than Ubuntu, because a username is needed. All versions of MaX always have two users incorporated: "student" and "Madrid". The first is intended, of course, for students, and has fewer privileges on the system that the user "Madrid has", but this is not the root user or system administrator. In short, when entering the "Madrid" system,the user has to type his or her username and "cmadrid" (the letter ce + "madrid") and password. This has always been so in MaX, but you can change passwords once inside the system, and can also create new users, for those who have to choose the privileges they have. What I have done from the beginning was to stay as the user "madrid", and whenever you need to get access as an administrator, click "cmadrid" password, which is also the root.

MaX desktop is highlighted with a bright blue background and a rounded image resembling the terrestrial sphere. This is the "GNOME" desktop, which MaX used as principal, but you can login with the other two desktops: "KDE" and "XFace". This requires logout (not restart) and re-enter after choosing another desk in the "Session menu", which is done in seconds. But the three desks maintain the same background and the panel bar at the bottom of the screen. In addition, programs are the same in all three desks, with some changes that depend on the chosen desktop. Actually, it could be using a desk with other programs.

The programs that MaX Linux contains are distributed as follows:


Nouvelle cuisine

Nouvelle cuisine (French, "new cuisine") is an approach to cooking and food presentation in French cuisine. In contrast to the older haute cuisine, nouvelle cuisine has lighter, more delicate dishes, and pretty presentation. It started in Paris in the 1970s, and by the 1980s was seen in London and New York. The movement is now almost worldwide.

The reasons are connected with modern business life, where long two-hour lunches are a thing of the past. Also, customers began to look for lighter food menus. Food critics Henri Gault and his colleagues André Gayot and Christian Millau put out a new restaurant guide, the "Gault-Millau", or "Le Nouveau Guide".

Gault and Millau listed ten characteristics of this new style of cooking. They were:

However, the term "nouvelle cuisine" has been used several times in the history of French cuisine.

In the 1730s and 1740s, several French writers emphasized their break with tradition. They called their cooking "modern" or "new". In 1742 Menon introduced the term "nouvelle cuisine" as the title of the third volume of his "Nouveau traité". François Marin worked in the same tradition.

In the 1880s and 1890s, the cooking of Georges Auguste Escoffier was sometimes described as "nouvelle cuisine".

Afonso Africano (epic poem)

Afonso Africano is an epic poem by Portuguese poet Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo e Castelo Branco. It was first published in 1611. It is composed of twelve cantos. It is written in ottava rima which in Portugal is known as oitava rima. This stanza is made up of eight lines and rhymes abababcc. The same was earlier used by Luís de Camões in his Lusiads. Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo's poem narrates about Portuguese king Afonso who was called The African. In the poem his expedition to Morocco, the war and the sieges of Arzilla and Tanger are described. The first stanza is typical for Renaissance epic poems.

Sumitra Mahajan

Sumitra Mahajan (born 12 April 1943) is an Indian politician and 16th Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 5 June 2014 to 19 June 2019. She is a member of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party.In 2014 she got elected 8 times and she is currently the longest serving women member. She also served as the Union Minister. Sumitra Mahajan is the second longest serving women speaker after Meira Kumar.

Sumitra Mahajan was born in Chitpavan Brahmin family in Chiplun, Maharashtra on 11 April 1943. She married Jayant Mahajan of Indore. She received MA and LLB after marriage from the Indore University.

Sumitra became the first Indian women to represent the same Lok sabha constituency on the same party eight times in a row.Her record was included in the LIMCA book.

Kingdom of Galicia

The Kingdom of Galicia (; ; ; ) was a political entity (a state) in southwestern Europe.

Galicia was part of the Kingdom of the Spanish Visigoths from 585 to 711. In the 8th century Galicia became a part of the newly founded Christian kingdoms of the northwest of the peninsula, Asturias and León. Sometimes it got independence under its own kings. 

Compostela became capital of Galicia in the 11th century. The independence of Portugal (1128) made its southern boundary. The accession of the Castilian King Ferdinand III to the Leonese kingdom in 1230 brought Galicia under the control of the Crown of Castile. The kingdom of Galicia was now a political division in the larger realm.

Sikandar Lodi

Sikandar Lodi was the Sultan of Delhi and second ruler of the Lodi dynasty after Bahlul Lodi. He was the most successful sultan of the Lodi dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. Sikandar Lodi ruled the sultanate from 17 July 1489 to 21 November 1517.

Sikandar Lodi was born to the first sultan of the Lodi dynasty Bahlul Lodi and Bibi Ambha, daughter of a Hindu goldsmith, in 1458.After he became the ruler he proved that he is an ablest ruler. He encouraged trade across his territories. He conquered Gwalior from the Rajputs in 1490 and Bihar from the rebellious Afghan chiefs in the region.

Sikandar Lodi constructed the present day city of Agra. He wrote Persian poetry using the pen name "Gulrukhi". Sikandar enlarged his territories in his sultanate that extended from the region of Punjab to Bengal and the territories between River Satluj and Bundelkhand region.

He died on November 21 1517 and was buried in the Lodi Gardens located in Delhi.

Talca Province

Talca Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). Its capital and the largest city is Talca.

The Talca province has an area of , the second largest province, after the Linares province, in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Talca, is about south of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the north by the Curicó province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Linares and the Cauquenes provinces and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 352,966 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 266,742 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Talca, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 189,505.

As a province, Talca is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 10 communes ("comunas"). The city of Talca serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Gertrude Bell

Gertrude Margaret Lowthian Bell CBE (14 July 1868 – 12 July 1926) was a British archaeologist, traveller, and diplomat.

She explored and mapped countries in the Middle East. She influenced British imperial policy-making with her knowledge and contacts. Bell travelled mainly in Greater Syria, Mesopotamia, Asia Minor, and Arabia.

Gertrude's father was Hugh Bell (later Sir Hugh Bell, 2nd Baronet). Gertrude Bell was the oldest of her father's five children, and his only daughter. Gertrude's mother was Bell's first wife, Mary. Theirs was a rich family. Hugh Bell worked in the iron industry, and his own father had been the industrialist Sir Isaac Lowthian Bell, 1st Baronet.

Gertrude Bell grew up at Red Barns, her father's house near Redcar in County Durham. Gertrude's mother Mary Bell died in 1871, after she gave birth to her son Maurice. Mary's death made Gertrude unhappy but also made her more independent. She had a close connection with her father. He married Gertrude's step-mother Florence Olliffe in 1876, and together they had Gertrude's three step-siblings: Hugh Lowthian; Florence Elsa; and Mary Katharine. Gertrude was very good at all kinds of things: she was good at sport, she was good at school, and she was funny and clever in conversation. Her school was Queen's College, London. In April 1886, Bell started studying at Lady Margaret Hall (a college of the University of Oxford). She studied for seven hours every day and did all kinds of sports. She was friends with Janet E. Courtney (then Janet Hogarth) and Edith Langridge. Bell graduated in 1888, with a first-class bachelor's degree in Modern History. After this she went on a tour of Europe.

Bell was in Bucharest in 1888 and 1889, where she lived with Frank Lascelles: he was the brother-in-law of Bell's stepmother Florence. Lascelles was the British diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Romania. There Bell met Valentine Chirol, the journalist for "The Times" in the area. Through Chirol, Bell met Charles Hardinge and started to learn about diplomacy between the Great Powers. Bell returned to Britain in 1899, after first going to Constantinople. For three years she did charity work and was part of the London "season" in the summers.


Orchard Island, Ohio

Orchard Island is an unincorporated community and tourist area located in Washington and Stokes townships, Logan County, Ohio, United States. Orchard Island is part of an island chain which includes the southeastern shore of Indian Lake, north of Russells Point. Orchard Island is the largest of the nearby islands. These include Wolfe, Fox, Willow Bank, and Crystal Beach.

Ernen

Ernen (Walliser German: "Ärne", ) is a municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005, the former municipalities of Ausserbinn, Ernen, Mühlebach and Steinhaus merged into the municipality of Ernen.

In 1997, Ernen was awarded the Wakker Prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage.


Theory of mind

Theory of mind is the ability to understand that other people have their own minds with their personal state of knowledge, their personal beliefs, wishes and intentions, and that these may differ from one's own mind. Autistic people typically show an impaired ability to recognize other people's minds. They experience difficulties with explaining and predicting other people’s behaviour. This leads to problems in social communication and interaction. Children on the autistic spectrum usually develop the theory of mind more slowly than other children. They have difficulties with it throughout their lives. However, autistic people's performance on theory of mind tasks varies.

For testing whether someone lacks the theory of mind, the "Sally-Anne" test is performed. The child sees the following story: Sally and Anne are playing. Sally puts her ball into a basket and leaves the room. While Sally is gone, Anne moves the ball from the basket to the box. Now Sally returns. The question is: where will Sally look for her ball? The test is passed, if the child correctly assumes that Sally will look in the basket. The test is failed if the child thinks that Sally will look in the box. Children below the age of four as well as older autistic children typically fail this test.


Fiesch

Fiesch is a municipality in Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is at the foot of the Eggishorn mountain.

Fiesch has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its view of the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area.


Fieschertal

Fieschertal is a village and municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Grafschaft

Grafschaft was a municipality of the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001, the former municipalities of Biel, Ritzingen and Selkingen merged into the municipality of Grafschaft and On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Grafschaft, Blitzingen, Münster-Geschinen, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Goms.


Lax, Switzerland

Lax is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Niederwald, Switzerland

Niederwald was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Secession in the United States

Secession in the United States refers mainly to state secession. It applies to the outbreak of the American Civil War when on December 20, 1860, South Carolina officially declared their secession from the United States. It was followed four months later by the states of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas and Louisiana. These initial seven seceding states formed the Confederate States of America based in Montgomery, Alabama. Then, on April 12, 1861, hostilities began at Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. After this, the states of Virginia (except the northwestern counties), Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina joined the Confederacy. The capital was then moved Richmond, Virginia. The Northern and Border states remained with the Union.

In 1860, secession was not a new threat. It had been discussed as early as 1776 when the Continental Congress wanted to tax all of the colonies based on a population count that included slaves. South Carolina threatened to separate themselves from the other 12 colonies over the issue. From then until the outbreak of the American Civil War, anytime a minority sectional dispute came up (often over slavery) the threat of secession would be used. It was a matter of concern when the Constitutional Convention met in 1787 in Philadelphia. Secession was closely tied to the thinking of members of the Whig party. Their thinking was that rebellion (such as in 1776) was a right of a state against any form of despotic government.

When the South seceded in 1860-61, one argument was that in 1776, when the thirteen Colonies rebelled against Great Britain, it was a secession. Others argued the two situations were very different. The thirteen colonies revolted against Great Britain, they did not secede from it. What resulted was the American Revolutionary War. It can also be argued that the Southern states were revolting against the Union. Each of the colonies was regarding itself as a sovereign state and was waging a war of independence in cooperation with twelve other sovereign nations.

Following the war, scholars disagreed on what caused the Civil War. The disagreements still go on today. Many said that slavery was the main cause of the war. The Southern states wanted to continue it while the Northern states wanted to stop it. Others say slavery was not the main issue. They point to states' rights and taxation as leading causes.

Each state that seceded wrote an "Article of Secession" formally declaring they were leaving the Union. Four states, Texas, Mississippi, Georgia and South Carolina, added a "Declarations of Causes." These were written to explain the reasons for leaving in more detail.

Georgia gave the following reasons why they were dissolving their connections to the United States. These included:





In their declaration of causes, Mississippi wrote that slavery was necessary for their commerce. They added, only the black man can work in our hot climate. The North gives us only two choice: either abolishing slavery and suffering complete ruin or seceding from the Union. Included in their reasons were:







South Carolina gave its reasons for seceding in its Declaration of Immediate Causes which was adopted on 24 December 1860. The reasons included:







Texas became a state on December 29, 1845 with the assurances of becoming an equal state in the Union and was accepted with her own constitution. That constitution protected and maintained the institution known as slavery. Texas gave up a being a sovereign country to join the United States to promote the welfare, security and liberty of her people. Her declaration of causes included: 






Curicó Province

Curicó Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). Its capital and largest city is Curicó.

The Curicó province has an area of , the third largest province in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Curicó, is about south of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the northwest by the Cardenal Caro province (O'Higgins region), to the north by the Colchagua province (O'Higgins region), to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Talca provinces and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 244,053 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 157,876 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Curicó, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 93,447.

As a province, Curicó is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 9 communes ("comunas"). The city of Curicó serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



My Own Prison

My Own Prison is the first studio album by Creed. The album was released on August 26, 1997 through Wind-up Records. It reached multiple platinum sales.

Magnús Scheving

Magnús Örn Eyjólfsson Scheving (born 10 November 1964) is an Icelandic writer, actor, producer, entrepreneur, and athlete. He is the creator, CEO & Co-founder of Lazytown Entertainment, from which he is the creator and co-star of the children's television show "LazyTown", in which he starred as Sportacus.

ISIPCA

Institut supérieur international du parfum, de la cosmétique et de l'aromatique alimentaire (ISIPCA) is a renowned graduate cosmetics school in France. It is in a campus of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages.

Research activities at ISIPCA relate to the following topics:


South African Border War

The South African Border War refers to the conflict that took place from 1966 to 1990 primarily in South West Africa (now Namibia) between South Africa on one side and the South-West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO) and its allies on the other.
The roots of the conflict can be traced back to World War I, when South Africa invaded and conquered the colony of German South West Africa on behalf of the British Empire and the other Allies of World War I. In the aftermath of the German defeat, the League of Nations awarded South Africa a mandate to administer the territory until its inhabitants were ready to govern themselves. 

Following World War II, South Africa refused to surrender South West Africa to a proposed United Nations Trusteeship agreement and instead requested the right to annex it as a fifth province. Steps were taken to integrate South-West Africa into South Africa, including giving the local white population the right to elect representatives to the Parliament of South Africa. 

In 1962, SWAPO was formed to resist South African rule and petition for South West African independence. With support from the Soviet Union, SWAPO began training guerrillas and from 1966 onwards frequently clashed with the South African police and army. The war entered a new phase in 1975, when Angola gained independence and its new communist government began providing support to the guerrillas. South African troops launched raids into Angola to destroy SWAPO bases, which led to battles with the Angolan army. Cuba, which had sent troops to bolster the Angolan government, was directly involved in some of these battles. 

In 1988, South Africa, Angola, and Cuba signed a Tripartite Accord committing them to peace. Cuba agreed to withdraw from Angola if South Africa withdrew from South West Africa and granted that territory independence. South-West Africa gained independence as Namibia in early 1990.

Lindisfarne Castle

Lindisfarne Castle is a castle on Holy Island, near Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland, England. The island is accessible from the mainland at low tide by means of a causeway. A fort was built here in 1550 during the time of Henry VIII. About 20 years later it was replaced by a stone fortress. It was abandoned in 1893 and afterwards used as a lookout by the Coastguard. In 1903, repair work started to change the fortress into a home by the new owner, Edward Hudson. In 1944, it was donated to the National Trust.

Curicó

Curicó is a Chilean city and commune in the Maule Region, in the Chilean Central Valley. Curicó is the capital city of the province of Curicó.

Curicó means, in Mapudungun, "Land of Black Water".
Curicó was founded on 9 October 1743 by José Manso de Velasco when Chile was a Spanish colony with the name "San José de Buena Vista".
In 1747, the Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas moved the city about to the north, where it is now on the foot of the Buena Vista hill (now called "Cerro Condell"), because the original place was too humid.

Curicó got the title of "city" in 1830. The city was destroyed by an earthquake in 1928 and rebuilt during the following year. It was badly damaged in the earthquake of February 2010.

 (last national census), there were 119,585 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 100,506 persons ( of the total).

The people from Curicó are called "Curican" (in Spanish: "Curicanos" for men and "Curicanas" for women).

The commune has an area of and the city proper, .

The city of Curicó is at south of Santiago and .

The rivers Guaiquillo and Mataquito are the main rivers that flow through the commune. Most of the territory of the commune is within the central plain ("Valle Central de Chile"). The valley is between low mountains to the west and east.

The commune of Curicó is bordered on the west by Rauco; on the north by Teno; on the east, by Romeral, and on the south, by Molina and Sagrada Familia.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Curicó is a "dry-summer subtropical climate" (also known as Mediterranean Climate) and of the subtype "Csb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Curicó is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Curicó is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The city's economy is based mainly on agriculture, because the Mediterranean climate creates comparative advantages with markets such as apples, wines, and cherries.



Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo

Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo (or Quebedo, 16th/17th century) was a Portuguese poet. Little is known about his personal life. He studied law at the University of Coimbra. He wrote lyrical poems, for example sonnets, but is best known fo his epic works. One of them is "Discurso sobre a Vida e Morte de Santa Isabel Rainha de Portugal" that was published in Lisbon in 1596. The greatest work by the poet is Afonso Africano, an epic poem in ottava rima (1611).


Lyudmila Pavlichenko

Lyudimila Mykhailivna Pavlichenko (12 July 1916 10 October 1974 was a Soviet sniper. She shot German soldiers in World War 2. She was one of the top military snipers of all time, and is credited with 309 kills. She was the most successful female sniper in history.

Institut des sciences et techniques des Yvelines

Institut des sciences et techniques des Yvelines (ISTY) is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degree :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages.

Research activities at ISTY relate to the following topics:


2016 clown sightings

The 2016 clown sightings are reports of people dressed up as evil clowns scaring and stalking passersby, such as near forests and schools. and other clown-related businesses have been affected. This was a case of mass hysteria with some marketing and a lot of social media.

In 2013, the fad started when a "creepy clown" known as the Wasco Clown started stalking people and causing terror in the entire town since around September or October 2013.

A clown was in Orono standing in a neighborhood for 15 minutes. Other towns reported seeing clowns.

Trident

A trident is a three-pronged spear. It is used for spearfishing. Historically it was used as a polearm. Gladiators used them in Ancient Rome after they cast a net to trap their opponent. The trident is the weapon of Poseidon, or Neptune, the god of the sea in classical mythology. In Hindu mythology it is the weapon of Shiva, known as "trishula" (Sanskrit for "triple-spear"). The word "trident" comes from the French word "trident", which in turn comes from the Latin word "tridens". 

Mary Anna Custis Lee

Mary Anna Randolph Custis Lee (1 October 1808 – 5 November 1873) was the wife of Confederate Army military officer Robert E. Lee. She was also his third cousin. They married at her parents' home, and had seven children together.

She was born in Clarke County, Virginia on 1 October 1808; although her birth appears in the Custis family Bible and in records kept by her mother to have happened in 1807. She was born at the Annefield plantation when her mother's coach stopped there during a journey. She was well educated, having learned both Latin and Greek.

She liked talking about politics with her father and later her husband. She kept current with all the new literature. After her father died, she edited and published his writings as "Recollections and Private Memoirs of Washington, by his adopted son George Washington Parke Custis, with a Memoir of this Author by his Daughter" in 1859.

She was a small but spirited woman. She knew her third cousin, Robert E. Lee, since childhood. She also dated Governor of Texas, Sam Houston.

Mary and Robert were married at her parents' home, Arlington House, on 30 June 1831. They had three sons and four daughters together: George Washington Custis "Custis", William H. Fitzhugh "Rooney", Robert Edward Jr., Mary, Eleanor Agnes (called Agnes), Anne, and Mildred Lee.

When the American Civil War began, her husband Robert and their sons were all called to service in Virginia. She didn't evacuate her home until 15 May 1861. Robert wrote to his wife saying:

War is inevitable, and there is no telling when it will burst around you . . . You have to move and make arrangements to go to some point of safety which you must select. The Mount Vernon plate and pictures ought to be secured. Keep quiet while you remain, and in your preparations . . . May God keep and preserve you and have mercy on all our people.

After the war, the Lees lived in Powhatan County for a short time before moving to Lexington. Robert E. Lee would become the president of the Washington College. Mary Anna Custis Lee visited her old home, the Arlington House, one last time in 1873.She hardly recognized the estate except for a few old oaks and some of the trees that she and Robert had planted.

She eventually got severe rheumatoid arthritis. Mary Anna Custis Lee died at 66 years old. She is buried next to her husband at the Lee family crypt at Lee Chapel on the campus of Washington and Lee University.


Fred Hampton

Fred Hampton was a member of the Black Panther Party (BPP) in Chicago, Illinois. He was the chairman of the Illinois chapter of the BBP and the deputy chairman of the national BPP. He is mainly known for the way he died in 1969, aged 21. His apartment was raided on December 4th. In a gun battle lasting 20 minutes, Hampton was shot. Mark Clark, was also killed and four other Panthers were wounded. In spite of a ballistics report that showed the 14 police officers fired almost all the bullets in the raid, a grand jury failed to indict anyone. Hampton’s family later filed a civil suit, eventually winning the case with a $1.8 million settlement. The background and events of Hampton's death have been made into several documentary movies.


Patrick De Lacey

Captain Patrick DeLacy (November 25, 1835 – April 27, 1915) was an American soldier. He fought in the American Civil War. DeLacy received the Medal of Honor. It is the United States highest award for bravery in combat. He got the medal for his action during the Battle of the Wilderness in Virginia on 6 May 1864. He was given the award on 24 April 1894.

DeLacy was born in Carbondale, Pennsylvania on 25 November 1835. He enlisted into the 143rd Pennsylvania Infantry. He was promoted from private to sergeant major to lieutenant before he got out of the army in June, 1865. He was promoted to the rank of Captain after he died and after the war on June 8, 1987. This was due to the work of Elizabeth Hicks Jaquinot. He died on 27 April 1915 and his remains are interred at Saint Catherine's Cemetery in Moscow, Pennsylvania. He got his Medal of Honor on 6 May 1864 when he shot a Confederate color bearer and took the flag of the 1st South Carolina Infantry regiment.


Norman F. Bates

Norman Francis Bates (November 6, 1839 - October 16, 1915) was an American soldier. He got the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War. The Medal of Honor is the highest military award of the United States.

Bates served in the American Civil War. He was in the 4th Iowa Cavalry for the Union Army. He got the Medal of Honor on June 17, 1865 for his actions at Columbus, Georgia.

Citation:

Capture of flag and bearer


Carbondale, Pennsylvania

Carbondale is a city in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. Carbondale is located in Northeastern Pennsylvania. It is about 15 miles northeast of Scranton. The population was 8,828 at the 2020 census.

The land area that became Carbondale was developed by William and Maurice Wurts. They were the founders of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company. The company mined anthracite coal mining in the early 19th century. Carbondale was the site of the first deep vein anthracite coal mine in the United States. It was also a major terminal of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad.


States' rights

States' rights is a belief found in the United States Constitution in which some rights are reserved for state governments and may not be changed by the federal government. They are also protected by the Tenth Amendment as part of the Bill of Rights. The discussion over states' rights is the oldest constitutional debate in the United States. People are still debating about it.

States' rights, meaning the sovereignty and independence of individual US states, was guaranteed in the Articles of Confederation, the precursor to the US Constitution. It stated that the individual states "hereby severally enter into a firm league of friendship with each other, for their common defense, the security of their liberties, and their mutual and general welfare". The articles created a weak central government with most of the power being kept by the individual states. Within a short time, it was realized that a stronger central government and a constitution was needed.

States' rights were debated at the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in 1787. The question was the main point of debates between the Federalists and Anti-Federalists while the Constitution was being ratified.

Fueled mainly by the issue of slavery, the question came up during the 1820s and the 1830s, when the United States was expanding westward. Southern states wanted the new territories to allow slavery. Northern states wanted the territory to be free of slavery. As the North's economy grew and the South's economy stalled, the two began moving farther apart on the issue. By the 1840s and 1850s, both had adopted extreme positions, which were based on the morality of slavery and economic self-interests. As long as both North and South had equal representation in the US Senate, neither side could dictate to the other. However, with each new state applying for statehood, the balance of power was threatened. In the 1850s, the issue of secession was raised again. The South made the argument was that when it agreed to join the United States in the late 1780s, it kept the power to cancel the agreement. South Carolina threatened to secede unless the Senate passed a constitutional amendment to give the South “the power she possessed of protecting herself before the equilibrium of the two sections was destroyed.”

Several peaceful attempts were made to find a compromise. The Compromise of 1850, the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, and the 1854 Kansas–Nebraska Act were aimed at reaching a compromises. However, only the Fugitive Slave Act clearly benefited the South. Northerners bitterly resented the law, which made citizens responsible for catching runaway slaves and returning them to their masters.

While many people believe that the Civil War was about states' rights, not slavery, the Southern states were in favor of states' rights for themselves, not for all states. They did not favor states' rights for new states joining the Union on the question of slavery. They wanted the federal government to decide that all news states would allow slavery. That can be seen in the Fugitive Slave Act of 1793, the Missouri Compromise of 1820, and the 1850 Compromise. All oth themwere designed to force the Northern states to accept slavery in the territories. 

In December 1835, Representative James Hammond of South Carolina proposed the House of Representatives force a gag rule against any member who brought up anti-slavery petitions. It was referred to a committee, which decided the gag order should go into effect for anything regarding slavery. House Speaker James Polk of Tennessee referred the issue to a special committee. The committee chairman was Henry L. Pinckney of South Carolina, who decided that any issue regarding slavery should be tabled without discussion permanently. John Quincy Adams of Massachusetts objected but was outvoted. He fought against the gag rule for the next four Congresses. Each session, he brought up the issue until December 3, 1844, wen the gag rule was finally overturned.

Bleeding Kansas was another case of Southerners fighting against states' rights. Most settlers came to Kansas from North. They were not interested in the conflict over slavery but wanted only to create farms and to live in peace. Kansas was on the border with Missouri, a slave state. Many Missourians were driven to believe that all settlers in Kansas were "negro thieves" and abolitionists. Missourians believed that they had to defend slavery, attacked Kansas communities across the border, and killed or drove out Kansas settlers who were against slavery. Abolutionists also came to Kansas to make sure that it would vote to become a free state. That turned Kansas into a battleground.

Many in the North were in favor of states determining their own course, but when it came to slavery, there was a considerable anti-slavery political faction at work in the North. Many in New England had grown wealthy in the slave trade before it was banned, but that part of the North had become a center for abolitionist movements. Beginning in the 1830s, Northern churches and politicians became prominent in the movement. That contributed to the resentment felt by Southerners. Abolitionists took a hard line against slavery, wanted all slaves freed and to end racial segregation immeduately everywhere in the country. Other groups in the North, notably the Free Soil Party, the wanted to end slavery in the new western territories but for different reasons. They had no slaves themselves, but most were prejudiced against black people and believed the popular idea at the time that blacks were inferior. They wanted the new lands to be for whites only. Southern slaveholders saw no real difference between the two groups and but only that both were against slavery.

During the American Civil War, the struggle over states' rights was between the individual Southern states and the federal government over who ultimately had the political power. Some historians argue slavery was the man cause of the war, and others say states' rights was the cause, but both issues were very closely connected. At issue was whether the federal government could regulate or even end slavery within the terrritories. There were other factors that divided the country between Southern slaveholding states and Northern industrial states. The South saw the institution of slavery as necessary to its economy and its way of life. Even Southern churches supported slavery when Northern churches saw the ownership of another person as an abomination.

Those who defended Southern states' rights pointed to the Tenth Amendment:
The Constitution did not even mention the word "slave". The framers of the Constitution, many of them slave owners, wanted to avoid the problem at the federal level. The only reference was to the three-fifths rule, which counted three-fifths of a state's slave population which gave a state extra representation, extra votes in the Electoral College, and an increase in its direct taxes. There, the text said not "slaves" but used the expression "all other persons" to mean the same thing.

On March 4, 1861, Abraham Lincoln gave his first inaugural address as part of his being sworn in as 16th President of the United States. The speech was addressed primarily to South ern states and was intended to lay out his intended policies and desires toward the South. There, seven states had formed the Confederate States of America. His speech was written in a spirit of friendship toward the seceded states.

He touched on several points. Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states in which it already existed. He said that there would be no federal hostility for the time being towards the states that had seceded . He said, however, that the US government would “hold, occupy, and possess” its property and that it would also collect its taxes. He closed his speech with a warning:

By 1863, two years into the war, Lincoln had changed the focus of the war to slavery and issued the Emancipation Proclamation. It made freeing the slaves a goal of the Civil War. It also weakened Confederate efforts to get help from the United Kingdom and France, which had thought about officially recognizing the Confederacy. As Union troops advanced into Confederate territory, they freed thousands of slaves per day. Manyof them did not wait for the troops but fled their owners to claim their freedom. Five slave states, called the border states, had remained loyal to the Union and were not at war with the federal government. Thus, Lincoln did not have authority to free slaves in those states and so the Proclamation was not applied to those states. The Proclamation also did not apply to Tennessee and to areas within Virginia and Louisiana that Union forces already controlled.

The Thirteenth Amendment, passed on December 6, 1865, abolished slavery in all of the United States and gave Congress the power to enforce it.

The following Supreme Court decisions had to do with states' rights. Some of them were later overturned.



Mk 19 grenade launcher

The Mk 19 (or Mark 19) is a grenade machine gun capable of firing one grenade every second at a maximum range of . The Mk 19 fires 40mm grenades at a rate of 325-375 rounds per minute (rpm). It has a maximum effective range of . It was originally used by the U.S. Navy in Vietnam for river patrol boats. Later it was adopted and improved upon by the U.S. Army. It is a man portable crew-served weapon that can fire from a mounted position. It also fires from a vehicle mounted position (this is the preferred method since the weapon alone weighs ). The ammunition comes in 32 or 48 round ammunition boxes weighing and .


Lampeter

Lampeter (), also known locally as "Llambed", is a town and community in Ceredigion, Wales. In 2011, it had a population of 2,970 people. It is the United Kingdom's smallest university town.

Its population makes it Ceredigion's third-largest settlement, after Aberystwyth and Cardigan.

The town's Welsh name ""Pont Steffan"" means "Stephen's Bridge".

Lampeter is best known as being the founding place of the Free Wales Army, a paramilitary organisation that wanted independence for Wales.

Lampeter is twinned with:

Obergesteln

Obergesteln is a village and former municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Obergesteln, Oberwald and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Oberwald

Oberwald is a village and former municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Oberwald, Obergesteln and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Champex-Lac

Champex-Lac or Champex is a village of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Champex-Lac is in the municipality of Orsières.

Champex is also a small ski-resort.


Scripting language

A scripting or script language is a programming language that supports scripts. Scripts are usually short computer programs that do steps that could be done one at a time by a person. This automates a job to make it easier and more reliable. A scripting language is often a simpler language, and easier to learn than other languages, but still can do many things.

Scripts may run inside of another program, like in a web browser or Microsoft Excel. They may also be a "shell" that runs from a command line interface and makes calls to the operating system (OS). The shell is considered "interactive" - the user can choose what to type, and the shell responds to the command. These can be used to control jobs on mainframes and servers.

Some people say a scripting language must be tied to a specific use. Others use a wider definition and include general-purpose programming languages that are interpreted, not compiled. "General-purpose" means it can be used in many ways for different things. Some general-purpose languages (such as Java) have variations that can be scripted . There is no specific rule on what is, or is not, a scripting language.

Some common examples of scripting languages:

Most scripting languages are made to be easy to learn. They often can be either short files with source code, or entered one command at a time in a command line interface, which has a read–eval–print loop (REPL, language shell). This usually means a simple set of commands. There might not be functions or a "main", it just runs from start to finish. If something doesn't work, a programmer can make quick changes and run it again. This makes a scripting language good for making a "rapid prototype" to see if an idea works.

For example, most people do not call Java a scripting language, because of its lengthy syntax and rules about which classes exist in which files, and because Java cannot be executed interactively in a REPL. It needs files with source code, and they can only contain definitions that must be used by a host application or application launcher. (Java is not the same as JavaScript).

But Python allows choices - functions can be put in a file, it can be run without functions and use imperative programming style, or even use it interactively (type and run one line at a time).

codice_1

This one line of Python code prints "Hello World"; no "main()" function or anything else is needed.

A scripting language is usually interpreted from source code or bytecode. However, something has to run the script (interpret it) so the computer understands it. This is an application, or something in the OS. That is often written in a compiled language and distributed in machine code form (as an "executable" that doesn't make sense to humans).

Scripting languages may be designed to be used by the people using a program — end-user development. Other times they may be built by programmers for their own use. Scripting languages often use abstraction, a form of information hiding. This means users do not need to know the details of variable types, data storage, and memory management.

Scripts are often made or changed by the person executing them, but some are shared or sold to others. For example, when large parts of games are written in a scripting language. Sometimes a script can be compiled before others use it. Once compiled, it will run faster and doesn't need another application to run it. And this prevents end users from changing the code.

Early mainframe computers (in the 1950s) were not interactive, but used scripts stored in "batch files". IBM's Job Control Language (JCL) is the common example of a scripting language used to control batch processing.

The first interactive shells were made in the 1960s to help remote operation of the first time-sharing systems. These used shell scripts, which can run computer programs within a computer program, the shell. Calvin Mooers in his TRAC language is generally given credit with inventing "command substitution". This lets commands change the script (self-modifying code). Multics calls these "active functions". Louis Pouzin wrote an early processor for command scripts called RUNCOM for CTSS around 1964. Stuart Madnick at MIT wrote a scripting language for IBM's CP/CMS in 1966. He originally called this processor COMMAND, later named EXEC. Multics included an offshoot of CTSS RUNCOM, also called RUNCOM. EXEC was eventually replaced by EXEC 2 and REXX.

Languages such as Tcl and Lua were made from the start to be general-purpose scripting languages that could be put into any application. Other languages such as Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) could do much of the same, but needed to work only with certain applications. Using a general-purpose scripting language instead of making a new language for each application usually makes it easier for both the person writing the application and the user writing the scripts.

Scripting is sometimes used to connect different applications. This is called glue code, and a language made just for this purpose is a "glue language". Pipelines and shell scripting are common examples of glue languages. But if a lot of logic is written in a script file, it is better to think of it as simply another software application, not "glue".

Glue languages are especially useful for writing and maintaining:

Glue language examples:

Devices like programmable calculators may also have their own glue languages. For example, the Texas Instruments TI-92, by factory default can be programmed with a command script language. The TI-NSpire calculator understands the Lua language. Others understand some kind of Basic language, or maybe Lisp or something else.

This group has come from the automation of job control, which relates to starting and controlling the behavior of system programs, starting from IBM's JCL. Many of these languages' interpreters also work as command-line interpreters such as the Unix shell or the MS-DOS codice_2. Others, such as AppleScript offer the use of English-like commands to build scripts.

When building graphical user interfaces, a way of testing it is needed. Specialized scripting languages were made to control graphic windows, menus, buttons, and so on just like a human user would. Many times, these can be used to copy exactly what a person does (moving a mouse, clicking or typing on a keyboard). This action or set of actions that is copied and remembered is called a macro.

Many large applications include a scripting language built just for that application. The application can be a game or a business program. This type of language is made for a single application. They make look like a general-purpose language (e.g. QuakeC, modeled after C), they have custom features that distinguish them.

This is like an application-specific scripting languages, in that it controls an application, but the language can be used in many applications.

JavaScript started as a language for scripting inside web browsers; but it is now a general-purpose embeddable language. It is also used in Adobe products for instance.

Some languages shift from one type to another over time, usually as they add capability to do more things.


Reckingen-Gluringen

Reckingen-Gluringen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Reckingen and Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Reckingen-Gluringen.


Ulrichen

Ulrichen is a village and former municipality of the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Ulrichen, Obergesteln and Oberwald merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Emilia Lanier

Emilia Lanier (1569-1645) was an English poet, the author of only one book of poems named (in Latin) "Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum".

Emilia Lanier was the first woman in England who published a sepatate book of poems. Her name and surname were written in many ways, Emilia, Aemilia, Amelia, Lanier or Lanyer. She was born in the beginning of 1569. She was baptised on 27 January 1569. She was partly of Italian origin. Her father was Baptist Bassano. He was a musician. He came from Venice. Her mother was Margaret Johnson. For some years she was in informal relation with Henry Carey. He was a cousin and chamberlain of the queen Elizabeth the Great. She got pregnant. She married her cousin Alphonso Lanyer, who was a musician like her father. In 1593 she gave birth to her son Henry who was named after his father, Henry Carey. In 1598 she gave birth to a daughter, Odillya, who lived for only ten months. The poet lived with her son's family. In 1623 he married Joyce Mansfield. Emilia Lanier had two grandchildren, Mary (born 1627) and Henry (born 1630).

Emilia Lanier published her collection of poems in 1611. It contains pieces of religious poetry. They differ from each other in the field of poetic form. Emilia Lanier used many stanzas, build of six lines (rhymed ababcc), seven lines (ababacc or ababbcc that is rhyme royal) or eight lines (abababcc that is ottava rima).

Emilia Lanier is considered to be the Dark Lady of William Shakespeare's sonnets. John Hudson suggests that she was the real author of some Shakespeares plays.


Satyameva Jayate

"Satyameva Jayate" ( ; lit. "Truth alone triumphs.") is a "mantra" from the ancient Indian scripture "Mundaka Upanishad". Upon independence of India, it was adopted as the national motto of India.
It is inscribed in script at the base of the national emblem. The emblem and the words "Satyameva Jayate" are inscribed on one side of all Indian currency. The emblem is an adaptation of the Lion Capital of Ashoka which was erected around 250 BCE at Sarnath, near Varanasi in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is inscribed on all currency notes and national documents.

Angioedema

Angioedema is swelling that is similar to hives, but the swelling is under the skin instead of on the surface.

Hives are often called welts. They are a surface swelling. It is possible to have angioedema without hives.

Angioedema may be caused by an allergic reaction. During the reaction, histamine and other chemicals are released into the bloodstream. The body releases histamine when the immune system detects a foreign substance called an allergen.

In most cases, the cause of angioedema is never found.

The following may cause angioedema:
Hives and angioedema may also occur after infections or with other illnesses (including autoimmune disorders such as lupus, leukemia, and lymphoma).

A form of angioedema happens in families and has different triggers, complications, and treatments. This is called hereditary angioedema.

Institut d'études politiques de Saint-Germain-en-Laye

Institut d'études politiques de Saint-Germain-en-Laye is a special university in France. The school is in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. It was created in 2013.

It is a specialist in the fields of economics, administration, social sciences and politics.


Obergoms

Obergoms is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Obergesteln, Oberwald and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.


Ain (river)

The Ain (in Franco-Provençal: En) is a river in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river. It gave its name to the French department of Ain.

The Ain river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Chazey-sur-Ain in the Ain department.

The source of the Ain is a "karst spring" (a spring that is part of a karst system) in the Jura mountains, between the Conte an the La Favière "communes" (Jura department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Ain flows to the south.

The Ain river flows through 2 regions, 2 departments and 66 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Rhône river in the "commune" of Saint-Maurice-de-Gourdans, on the border with the Isère department.

The main tributaries of the Ain river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



WSTRN

WSTRN is an English West London singing group consisting of Akelle Charles, Louis Rei and Haile. 
They are known because of their debut song, "In2", which was released on 13 October 2015 and peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart. Louis Rei was formerly known as LB, Akelle was formerly known as A-Star and is Haile's cousin.

Human skeleton

human skeleton is the internal framework of the body. It is made up of about 300 bones at birth. As some bones join together, there are 206 bones in adulthood. The bones are at their strongest around age 20. The human skeleton can be divided into the "axial skeleton" and the "appendicular skeleton". The axial skeleton is formed by the vertebral column, the rib cage, the skull and other associated bones. The appendicular skeleton, which is attached to the axial skeleton, is formed by the shoulder girdle, the pelvic girdle and the bones of the upper and lower limbs.

The human skeleton performs six major functions. These are: support, movement, protection, production of blood cells, storage of minerals, and endocrine regulation.

The male and female skeletons are not so different as those of many other primates. There are subtle differences between sexes in the morphology of the skull, teeth, long bones, and pelvis. In general, female skeletal elements tend to be smaller and less robust than corresponding male elements.

The human female pelvis is different from that of males in order to facilitate child-birth. The hips on a female are proportionately wider than males, and so the ball joints at the top of the legs are set more apart than in males. This, and the pelvic shape, gives a birth channel which allows the newborn foetus to pass through. The critical factor is the baby's head, which is much larger than in other primates.

Unlike most primates, human males do not have penile bones. This is an adaptation to the human upright stance.


Brihadisvara Temple, Gangaikonda Cholapuram

Brihadeshwara Temple (also called Gangaikonda Cholapuram temple and Gangaikondacholeeswaram) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva located in Gangaikonda Cholapuram, Ariyalur district, in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 


Didier Guillemot

Didier Guillemot (born in 1960) is a French doctor, specialized in infection. He was President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" from May 2016 to Septembre 2017.

Graduate from the Paris Diderot University in innovation and public health, he starts his career at Inserm in 1994. He moved to Institut Pasteur in 2001.

He worked on the HIV.
On April 2016, he was elected President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", succeeding Jean-Luc Vayssière. He left his in September 2017 for health reasons.

Joseph Gérard

Blessed Joseph Gérard, OMI (March 12, 1831 – May 29, 1914) was a French Catholic missionary. 

Gérard mostly worked among the Basotho people of modern-day Lesotho and the Free State province of South Africa.

Gérard was beatified by Pope John Paul II on September 15, 1988. His feast day is on May 29.

Ambattur

Ambattur is a neighbourhood place of Northern Chennai. It is located in the Ambattur taluk of the Chennai Corporation, Tamil Nadu. It was added in the part of the Chennai Corporation in the year 2011.

It is one of the fast growing residential area in the Chennai Corporation. The area of the place is 45 km.The neighbourhood is served by the Ambattur Railway Station.

In the time of 1960s Ambattur was a village with large extends of agricultural lands. The Ambattur Lake supported the irrigational purpose.The growth of the village heightened when the Ambattur industrial estate was established in the year 1964.

It was said that the place has got its name of Ambattur from the Tamil words (ஐம்பத்து ஊர்) becvause this place was the colloboration of 50 places.

The population of this area in 2011 is 466,205 with a sex ratio of 985 per 1000 males and literacy rate of 82%.

SJ T21

T21, originally T2 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive operated by Swedish State Railways () and Nora Bergslags Järnväg (NBJ) of Sweden. 60 units were built during the 1950s by Maschinenbau Kiel and Svenska Järnvägsverkstäderna based on the German DB Class V65. The T21 was technically identical with the MaK 800D. The T21 was used to replace steam locomotives on branch lines. They were used until the 1990s.

The order consisted of 56 locomotives, of which ten were to be built in Sweden with a Swedish hydraulic shift, designated T3, later T22. The shift did not work particularly well, and only four were delivered, the rest with a German shift. Later two units were rebuilt to T21s. NBJ bought four T21 units in 1963.


Vossloh DE 18

The Vossloh DE 18 is a Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotive. It is the first new diesel-electric locomotive to be built in Kiel since production of the DE 1002 ended in 1993. Up to 60% of the components are shared with the diesel-hydraulic G 18.

The prototype locomotive was shown together with the smaller, diesel-hydraulic G 12 on InnoTrans 2010. The launch customer for the DE 18 was BASF, ordering 2 DE 18 locomotives for services at its plants in December 2011.


SNCF Class BB 61000

The SNCF Class BB 61000 diesel locomotives were built by Vossloh to their G1206 design between 2002-2005 for the French state railways. Twenty three locomotives were built, numbered 61001-61023. As they are operated by the freight sector, the locomotives carry a '4' prefix (i.e. they are numbered 461001-461023).

These are the second locomotives to be numbered in this range, the first being the Class C 61000 (+ TC 61100).

SNCF 040.DF

SNCF 040.DF was a class of one prototype diesel-hydraulic locomotive built for the SNCF built in 1952 by Renault.

In 1962 it was renumbered from 040.DF.1 to BB 60041.

Like the 060.DA, it was delivered in a livery of dark green with a yellow stripe.

TCDD DH3600

TCDD DH3600 were diesel-hydraulic locomotive built for shunting operations on the Turkish State Railways. 38 units were built by Tüvasaş under licence from Maschinenbau Kiel (MaK). In 1980-81 the shunters were rebuilt with Cummins Diesel KT1150L engines.


SNCF Class BB 7200

The SNCF Class BB 7200 is a 1.5 kV DC electric locomotive. It is operated by the SNCF in France. The BB 7200 are part of the "Nez Cassé" family of locomotives. SNCF Class BB 15000 is the alternating current (AC) version. The Class BB 22200 is a dual-voltage version. They are numbered to show that the DC and AC class make the dual-voltage locomotives (7200 + 15000 = 22200). Another similar model is the NS Class 1600. It is operated in the Netherlands. It is a DC locomotive based on the BB 7200.

Locomotive numbers 7209, 7210, 7308 and 7348 have all been destroyed in accidents.

The class are numbered 7201 - 7440. Some have cast plates.
In 2012 and 2013, the locomotives numbered 7311, 7312, 7314, 7325, 7327, 7330m 7332, 7335, 7337, 7339, 7341 and 7342 were modified. They became BB 7600 locomotives. They were operated on the Transilien Paris – Montparnasse line.

Some of the class carry the name of a city in France:

Composition of the Russian Regional Parliaments

Regional parliaments of Russia are the legislative/parliamentary bodies of power in the regions of Russia (Republics, Krais, Oblasts, Autonomous okrugs and Federal Cities of Moscow and St. Petersburg), which have different names, often collectively referred to in the media as regional parliaments. 

The federal structure of Russia includes 83 regional parliaments. The biggest regional parliament is the State Assembly of Bashkortostan which consists of 120 deputies. The smallest one is the Assembly of Deputies of the Nenets Autonomous Okrug which consists of 11 deputies.

In the table are marked in bold parliaments, elected solely by the proportional system. 

Crêt de la Neige

Crêt de la Neige is a high mountain in the "commune" of Thoiry. It is the highest peak in the Jura Mountains and the department of Ain in France.

It is in the Jura Mountains Regional Natural Park ().

Crêt de la Neige is between the "communes" of Lélex (to the northwest) and Thoiry (to the southeast) in the Ain department.

It is found in the "Haute Chaîne", the most eastern and highest chain of the French Jura mountains; it is in the "Pays de Gex" (the Arrondissement of Gex, Ain department), about to the northwest of the city of Geneva.

The Crêt de la Neige is surrounded by the plain of the "Pays de Gex" to the east and the Valserine valley (a valley among the Jura mountains formed by the Valserine river) to the west.

From the summit (or near the summit because it is covered with shrubs and trees), it is possible to see Geneva and the "Pays de Gex" and there is a 360° view over the Lake Geneva, the Valserine valley, La Dôle (a peak of the Jura mountains that is in Switzerland) and the Alps. On a clear day, it is possible to see the Vosges mountains and the Black Forest.

In the past, the official elevation given for the Crêt de la Neige was , and so it appears in old maps, only higher than the near peak of Reculet . But recent studies made by the Institut géographique national (IGN) in Villeurbanne found that the true altitude of the Crêt de la Neige is above sea level.

The easiest route to get to the Crêt de la Neige is from the Tiocan lookout point that is beyond Thoiry.


2016 United States presidential election in California

During the 2016 United States presidential election on November 8, in the state of California, all 55 electoral votes were for Democrat, Hillary Clinton because 61.7% of people in the state voted for her.

The following are poll results from www.realclearpolitics.com All polls showed that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had a big lead.

Again, yellow is a victory for Clinton while green is a victory for Sanders.



Udara

Udara is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species are found in the Indomalayan and the Australasian realms.

President-elect of the United States

President-elect of the United States is the title used for an incoming president of the United States between the general election on Election Day in November and noon Eastern Standard Time on Inauguration Day, January 20. During this time, the elected nominee is not in office yet.
Since the election for U.S. president is not by popular vote, the title is used for the apparent winner. The decision is finalized when votes of the Electoral College, cast in December, are counted by a joint session of Congress in early January. 

If the current president has won re-election, they are not given the title of president-elect because he or she is already in office and not waiting to become president. If a new president is scheduled to enter, then the current-standing one is said to hold the office on a lame duck basis.

O.T. Genasis

Odis Oliver Flores (born June 19, 1987) is an American rapper. His stage name is O.T Genasis. He is well known for his songs "CoCo", "Do It" and "Cut It".

Laura Ashley

Laura Ashley (née Mountney; 7 September 1925 – 17 September 1985) was a fashion designer and business woman from Wales. She began by making simple items out of her own printed cloth, but when her work became more popular she opened factories making clothes and furniture too. Ashley, along with her husband Bernard, set up a large business to sell her designs, with 219 across the world. The business faced difficult times in the 1990s, after Ashley's death, but there are still many Laura Ashley shops today, in Europe, Asia and Australia.

Itapúa

The Itapúa department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Encarnación.

Its code is PY-7.

The Itapúa department is in the southeastern part of the country, in the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a estimated population for 2013 of 551,128 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraná river.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Encarnación was . The month with the most precipitation was December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was January with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Encarnación was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 30 districts:



2016 United States presidential election in Alaska

The 2016 United States presidential election in Alaska was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 1 March and 26 March 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in Alaska. Alaska has voted Republican in the general election since 1968.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 1 March 2016.



Dakota people

The Dakota people are a Native American tribe. They are also a part of the First Nations. They make up two of the three main subcultures of the Sioux people. They are usually divided into the Eastern Dakota and the Western Dakota.

The Eastern Dakota are also called the Santee, and are located in the eastern Dakotas, central Minnesota and northern Iowa. They have many federally recognized tribes.

The Western Dakota are also called the Yankton or Yanktonai, and are located in the Missouri River area. They also have many notable federally recognized tribes. They were often mistaken to be the Nakota (who are actually a group of tribes that broke away from the main branches of the Sioux nation in earlier times).

The Dakota lived in Wisconsin and Minnesota in the 17th century. By 1700 some had moved to present-day South Dakota. Late in the 17th century, the Dakota became alliances with French merchants. The French tried to use this alliance to help them control the North American fur trade against the English.

In the late 1850s, treaty violations by the United States and unfair payments by Indian agents (governmental people who were allowed to interact with the natives) led to increasing hunger and hardship among the Dakota. Even though the Dakota tried to negotiate with the U.S. government, nothing was successful. On 16 August 1862, a group of Dakota hunters killed a family of settlers. This led to more attacks on settlers, and soon a full war had begun. On 5 November 1862, 38 Dakota warriors were sentenced to death by hanging. This would later become the largest mass execution in U.S. history.

During and after the revolt, many Eastern Dakota and their family left Minnesota and Eastern Dakota to go to Canada, or settle in the James River Valley in a short-lived reservation. They were then forced to move to the Crow Creek Reservation on the east bank of the Missouri river. Some joined the Western Dakota and moved further west to help the Lakota tribes to continue their fight against the U.S. military.

Others remained in Minnesota and the east, in small reservations that still exist, including Sisseton-Wahpeton, Flandreau, and Devils Lake (Spirit Lake or Fort Totten) Reservations in the Dakotas. Some moved to Nebraska, where the Santee Sioux Tribe today has a reservation on the south bank of the Missouri river.

Those who fled to Canada left nine small reservations for their families in Manitoba (Sioux Valley, Long Plain, Dakota Tipi, Birdtail Creek, and Oak Lake [Pipestone]) and the four more (Standing Buffalo, Moose Woods [White Cap], Round Plain [Wahpeton], and Wood Mountain) in Saskatchewan.

The Dakota language is part of the Siouan languages. People who speak Dakota can also understand the Lakota language. Dakota is written in the Latin script. The language has two major dialects between the Eastern and Western Dakota tribes.


Mie Jans

Mie Leth Jans (born 6 February 1994) is a Danish football defender. She plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen. Since 2013, she has been a member of the senior Danish national team.

Jans started her football career at Dragør Boldklub. She moved to Brøndby and then Ballerup-Skovlunde Fodbold (BSF) in 2012. After two seasons playing in BSF's first team, she went back to Brøndby in June 2014.

Jans's first match for Denmark came in November 2013. She was a substitute for future Brøndby team-mate Nanna Christiansen after 79 minutes of a 5–0 win over Malta in Valetta.


President Lincoln's 75,000 volunteers

President Lincoln's 75,000 volunteers were the militia of the loyal U.S. states called up on April 15, 1861 following the attack on Fort Sumter by the forces of the Confederate States of America. This was the beginning the American Civil War. President Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers for a period of 90 days. These limits were established by laws that had been passed in the late eighteenth century and were not necessarily a reflection of the number of troops or the amount of time Lincoln actually thought it would take to put down the rebellion. 

Lincoln wrote the proclamation himself showing his lawyer's style of writing:
There was a great deal of tension over the issue of slavery in the Western territories during the presidency of James Buchanan (1857-61). People were taking sides in the issue as never before. When open war broke out in the Kansas Territory (called Bleeding Kansas), Southern slaveholders, Northern abolitionists and Free-soilers flooded into Kansas. Each was trying to influence the vote whether Kansas would join the Union as a slave state or a free state. President Buchanan sent part of the Regular Army to stop the violence but they were too few and too scattered to stop the fighting. 

The abolitionist John Brown who played a part in Bleeding Kansas, seized the Harpers Ferry Armory in 1859. He intended to use the weapons to start a slave uprising in the South. Federal troops were called on to put down the outbreak and capture Brown. 

On November 6, 1860, when Abraham Lincoln was elected President of the United States. South Carolina seceded from the Union. Followed by six more Southern states, on February 18, 1861, at Montgomery, Alabama they formed the Confederate States of America. Their elected president, Jefferson Davis, called for 100,000 volunteers to serve for one year. In less than six weeks, other Southern states seceded. The Confederates seized federal property in the South including several military posts. The exceptions were Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina and Fort Pickens near Pensacola, Florida.

When these seven states seceded, it caused a breakup in the U.S. Army. Many were from the South and felt they had a responsibility to resign from the U.S. Army and join the Confederate Army. In April of 1861, the United States Army had only 16,000 men organized into fewer than 200 companies. Most of them were at posts west of the Mississippi River. While the army was made up of trained professional soldiers, Lincoln realized he could not put down a rebellion of this size with the army he had.

During the Colonial Period in North America, each colony had the right to summon all able-bodied white males to provide for the defense of that colony. Colonies had militia laws that required every able-bodied man to be available for militia duty and to provide his own arms. In 1774 and 1775, the British government, which now had a larger presence, attempted to disarm American colonists. This caused the colonists to form private militias, independent of any control by the governors who were appointed by the British government. The Minutemen who fought the British Army at the Battles of Lexington and Concord were an independent militia. The American colonies saw standing armies as tools of a despotic monarch. 

After the formation of the United States, the founding fathers saw state militias as the main force to defend the new country. They were controlled by the individual states and not by a central government. When the United States Constitution was ratified, it gave the federal government the right to raise a standing army but the feeling at the time was that such an army was to be kept small. This was the prevailing thought up to the 20th century. The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution and other laws of 1792 gave the President the power to call out the state militias to put down rebellion and to fight against any foreign invaders. But, the call for militias had to be authorized by the state legislatures, the militias themselves could only serve for three months in any given year and the size of the militia the President was allowed to call up was limited to 75,000. 

During the War of 1812 militia units had the reputation of being poorly trained and poorly disciplined. Massachusetts and Connecticut refused to call out their militias during this time. Vermont would not allow its militia to serve outside of state borders. From 1815 until 1845, many of the Northern states did not require militia service by their citizens. The Mexican-American War was fought mainly by the regular army and volunteers served for one year terms of service. Very few state militias participated. By the 1840s, with no state laws requiring militia service in many states, the militias were replaced by voluneteer groups who served on weekends and provided their own weapons. In exchange for state-supplied weapons and uniforms, many agreed to become part of their respective state militias, especially in Northern states.

State militias had several shortcomings. During the Revolutionary War and the War of 1812, they developed a reputation as poor fighters and frequent deserters.

When Lincoln called for 75,000 men for federal service, members of his cabinet had advised him to ask for as many as 200,000. However, Lincoln knew that he would be breaking the law if he tried to call up that many men, and on a more practical note he probably also recognized the army did not have the arms or supplies to equip a larger number and so he settled for the legal limit of 75,000. This was still four times the size of the regular army. Each state was given a quota it had to meet based on its population. New York's quota was 17 regiments (13,280 men). Pennsylvania was to send 16 regiments. Other states were given their quotas as well. The slave states refused to send any men, with four of them joining the Confederacy instead. The free states filled out their quotas quickly. Some states did not send any more than their quota required while other states sent more so that Lincoln still got the 75,000 men he asked for. Rhode Island sent four times their quota. Connecticut and Missouri each sent three times their quota. Massachusetts sent two and a half times their quota.

All the new officers and soldiers had to undergo military training. Officers spent their evenings learning tactics and other military matters from books and field manuals. Soldiers spent their days learning to drill and shoot their weapons. Many quickly found that military life was not as romantic as they had pictured it. None realized that training could be the difference between life and death on a battlefield. So training suffered, but the Confederate army had the same problems with their militia units. When the war started, both sides had to depend on their militias.

Congress soon changed the militia law to allow the President to call up serve for longer periods of time.


Survivor Series (2016)

Survivor Series (2016) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE for the "Raw" and "SmackDown Live" brands. It happened on November 20, 2016. It happened at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was the thirtieth time a Survivor Series PPV was held and the first to be held in Canada after the Montreal Screwjob in 1997.

Eight wrestling matches were performed at the event. In the most important match, Goldberg beat Brock Lesnar in one minute and 26 seconds in his first match in 12 years. In addition, there were three Survivor Series matches between the wrestlers of "Raw" and "SmackDown".

At WrestleMania XX, Goldberg beat Brock and the next day, both men left WWE. Brock wrestled in New Japan Pro Wrestling, fought in Ultimate Fighting Championship and returned to WWE in April 2012 but Goldberg hardly wrestled again. In 2016, the covers and commercials for the WWE 2K17 video game were shown for the first time and Goldberg was on/in both of them. This made many people think that he would return to WWE and maybe get a rematch with Brock. The two started talking about the match they could have at conventions like the ones for the video game. In October 2017, Paul Heyman said Brock was challenging Goldberg because he was the one wrestler Brock could never beat. That month, Goldberg returned and agreed to fight Brock.

To start the match, Brock pushed Goldberg into the corner and rammed him between the ropes but Goldberg pushed him back hard and Brock fell back. When Brock got up, he took a spear from Goldberg. This happened again and then Goldberg picked Brock up and performed a Jackhammer and won the match.

 Natalya replaced Nikki Bella, who was attacked backstage before the match.


Hérémence

Hérémence is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Cooperative

A cooperative (also spelled co-operative, or co-op) is when several people come together in cooperation to reach a common goal through mutural aid. It is a type of organization used to make the lives of its members easier; it is usually not focused on making profit, instead focusing on serving member needs.

Cooperative ownership can have different details about what ownership means and how cooperation works. A basic cooperative-ownership structure has the following characteristics: 


Co-operatives are democratic organizations owned by the people who use them. Cooperative organizations help people adapt to capitalism. 

The first cooperative was a store in Rochdale, England started in 1844. The people who started it wanted food that was cheaper and better quality. Since then, people have found many ways to cooperate. 

Examples of cooperatives:


The International Cooperative Alliance was started in 1885. It reports that there are 800 million cooperative members in the world.


WWE Raw Tag Team Championship

The WWE Raw Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship of WWE, and it's wrestled for on the "Raw" brand. From April 5, 2009 to August 16, 2010 it was made into one with the World Tag Team Championship until the other title was retired. Currently it is made into one with the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship.

 After the Brand Extension in World Wrestling Entertainment, the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship became the only titles allowed to be fought for on both the Raw and SmackDown! brands, while the remaining titles were made where they could only be fought for on their own brands. Originally a part of the SmackDown brand after the company's first brand extension in the spring of 2002, the Tag Team Championship was moved to the Raw brand that following summer. The Tag Team Championship became apart of the Raw brand only, leaving the SmackDown! brand without a tag team title. As a result, SmackDown General Manager Stephanie McMahon, introduced the new "WWE Tag Team Championship" and made it the tag team title for the SmackDown! brand. She stated that the first champions would be the winners of an eight-team tournament. On October 20, 2002, the team of Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit beat Rey Mysterio and Edge at No Mercy in the tournament final to become the first ever WWE Tag Team Champions. 

On October 17, 2007, SmackDown! and ECW announced a talent sharing agreement that made it where talent from either brand's roster can compete on both brands. As a result, the title was fought for on both brands. In late 2008 through early 2009, WWE Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) started a rivalry with the World Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz, which resulted in the announcement on the March 17 edition of "ECW" that at WrestleMania XXV both teams would fight for their titles against each other and the winning team would hold both titles. 

The result was the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, a combination of the two titles though both were kept active by themselves (and thus keeping their own title histories), they were defended as one by one tag team. The champions could appear on and defend the titles on any WWE brand. Though eventually, on August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the history of the WWE Tag Team Championship following the introduction of new championship belts to then-champions David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd of The Hart Dynasty. The champions continued to compete on any brand until the end of the brand extension in August, 2011. However, WWE decided to bring back the brand split in July 2016. During the draft for this, the champions at the time, The New Day, were chosen to wrestle on Raw. This meant that SmackDown didn't have a tag team title. So, SmackDown's general manager Daniel Bryan and commissioner Shane McMahon created the SmackDown Tag Team championship. After this, the WWE Tag Team Championship was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship.
At WrestleMania 34 on April 8, 2018, the champions at the time, Cesaro and Sheamus, were going to fight Braun Strowman and a partner for him to choose. At the show, Strowman said that his partner would be a fan from the audience. Then, he went out into the crowd and picked a 10-year-old named Nicholas and they beat Cesaro and Sheamus for the titles. This made Nicholas the youngest person to ever win a championship in WWE. The two gave up the titles the next night on "Raw."

On the May 20, 2022, episode of "SmackDown", reigning SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) defeated Raw Tag Team Champions RK-Bro (Randy Orton and Riddle) in a Winners Take All match to win both championships and become recognized as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions. WWE called the match as a championship unification match; however, both titles remain independently active. The Usos defended both titles together across both brands as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship, but on a couple of occasions in early 2023, they also defended the titles separately.

In the main event of WrestleMania 39 Night 1, The Usos defended the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship against the team of Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn. This subsequently made both the Raw and SmackDown titles the first tag team championships to be defended in the main event of WWE's biggest event, WrestleMania. At the event, Owens and Zayn defeated The Usos to become champions. The titles would again be defended in the main event of a pay-per-view and livestreaming event at Night of Champions the following month on May 27 when Owens and Zayn defeated The Bloodline (Roman Reigns and Solo Sikoa).


Perfect Illusion

"Perfect Illusion" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It is the lead single from her fifth studio album, "Joanne". The song was released on September 9, 2016. It reached the top twenty in the US, UK, Australia, and Canada. It reached number one in France and Spain.

Georgian Wikipedia

The Georgian Wikipedia is a Georgian language edition of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Georgian Wikipedia started in November 2003. The Georgian Wikipedia has more than 130,000 articles.

There are 3 administrators and more than 73,000 registered users working in Georgian Wikipedia.


Malagasy Wikipedia

Malagasy Wikipedia is the Malagasy language edition of Wikipedia. Malagasy is an austronesian language mostly spoken in Madagascar as the first language. It is also the national language of Madagascar.

Total number of articles written in Malagasy Wikipedia is 82000+.
This wikipedia has 3 administrators along with 13,423 registered users and 42 active users.

Breton Wikipedia

Breton Wikipedia is the Breton language version of Wikipedia. It was established in June 2004.

Breton Wikipedia reached 20,000 articles in August 2008. It reached 30,000 articles in October 2009. On 2014 July it reached 50,000 articles. It has 69,790 articles as of August 2021. It also became the 71st largest Wikipedia by the article count.

Breton Wikipedia is the second largest Wikipedia of a Celtic language after the Welsh Wikipedia. The total number of registered users in Breton Wikipedia is 34,786.

Tessellation

Tessellation of a flat surface refers to the repeated placement of shapes with no overlaps and no gaps. These shapes are also called "tiles". In mathematics, tessellations can be generalized to higher dimensions and a variety of geometries.

Vítězslav Nezval

Vítězslav Nezval (26 May 1900 – 6 April 1958) was a Czech poet.

Vítězslav Nezval was born in the village of Biskoupky on 26 May 1900. In 1919 started to study law at the University of Brno, but quickly realised that he did not want to be a lawyer. He went to Prague instead and entered the Faculty of Philosophy of Prague University. He attended lectures given by František Xaver Šalda, a famous literary critic, there. He was active in the Devětsil literary group. In 1926 he met Františka Řepová, who later became his wife. During the Second World War he was shortly imprisoned. After the war he worked for the Ministry of Information. He died on 6 April 1958 in Prague.

Vítězslav Nezval was a poet, playwright, author of novels, translator and literary critic. He wrote a lot. He was a representative of Poetismus, which was Czech avantgarde. He was also a leading Czech surrealist. His poetry was strongly influenced by modern French literature. He also wrote a book of ballads in the manner of François Villon "52 hořkých balad věčného studenta Roberta Davida". Nezval's most important works are poems "Edison", "Signál času", "Akrobat" and "Podivuhodný kouzelník". They were collected in the book named "Básně noci". His novel "Valérie a týden divů" was made into a movie in 1970 by Jaromil Jireš. Many his poems were translated into English. For example Ewald Osers translated "Edison".


Bamboo floor

A bamboo floor is a kind of flooring which is made using bamboo plants. Today, most of the bamboo flooring products come from China and other parts of Asia. Moso bamboo is a type of bamboo most commonly used for this type of flooring.

Vinča culture

The Vinča culture was a culture during the stone age, roughly from 5400 BC to 4600 BC. It is named for a large site found close to modern-day Belgrade, Serbia. In addition to the territory of modern-day Serbia, sites have also been discovered in Romania, Hungary and Bosnia. Today, it is known for many ceramic figurines. Some of these figurines also have symbols on them, which have been interpreted as an early form of writing. These symbols are called Vinča symbols.

The Vinča culture was the first to develop the knowledge and skills to process copper, in the late 6th millennium BC. 

Vinča script

The Vinča script is a cache of symbols found belonging to the Vinča culture of the central Balkans over 7000 years ago. The symbols have been a topic of debate amongst historians.

The Tărtăria tablets are three tablets discovered in 1961 in the village of Tărtăria(Hungarian: Alsótatárlaka). This is about 30 km (19 mi) from Alba Iulia in Romania.The tablets, dated to around 5300 BC, have symbols inclay: the Vinča symbols. Some claim they are a yet undeciphered language. If this is so, they would be the earliest known form of writing. In 1908 similar symbols were found during excavations, by Miloje Vasić (1869–1956) in Vinča. This is a suburb of Belgrade (Serbia), some 300 km from Turdaș. Later, more were found in another part of Belgrade. Since 1875 over one hundred and fifty Vinča sites have been found in Serbia alone. Many, including Vinča itself, have not been fully excavated. The culture of the whole area is called the Vinča culture. Although some of these symbols look exactly the same as some letters in Etruscan, Greek, and Aramaic, they are generally regarded as a an original, independent development.

American Expeditionary Force

The American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) were the United States Armed Forces sent to Europe under the command of General John J. Pershing in 1917 to help fight World War I. At first, the AEF fought in France alongside French and British allied forces. The war started in August 1914 and the AEF arrived in April 1917, the last year of the war. They were fighting against the German Empire. In September 1918 the AEF launched its first major offensive as an independent army.

Minister of Foreign Affairs (Azerbaijan)

This is a list of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, from the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan to the Republic of Azerbaijan.






Hair clipper

Hair clippers are tools used to cut hair very short and close to the scalp. Similar tools are used to cut wool from sheep. 

Hair clippers have two rows of small comb-like blades which move back and forth very fast. The clippers are moved so that the blades cut the hair as it passes through it.

Manual clippers were invented between 1850 and 1890 by Nikola Bizumic, a Serbian barber, and the short hairstyles became popular amongst boys and men in school, prison, and the military.

Leo J. Wahl invented the first electric hair clipper. He first designed a hand-held massager for his uncle, Dr. Frank Wahl. Frank Wahl opened a manufacturing plant in Sterling, Illinois to produce and sell Leo’s massager. Leo would sold massagers to barbers and noticed an opportunity to improve upon the tools barbers were using at the time.

Modern electric clippers often come with "guards". The guards can be attached to the blade to determine how short the hair will be cut. The largest guard is often a #8, which leaves the hair an inch long (25mm). The smallest guard is a #1, which cuts the hair to 3mm. When there is no guard, the clipper completely shaves the hair.

Clippers are often used for men's haircuts as well as cutting facial hair. A popular men's hairstyle is a buzz cut, in which the hair all over the head is shaved very short using clippers. Buzz cuts are often used in the military. Many young boys and teenage boys are given buzz cuts as well because they are easy to take care of.

Merry Christmas with Love

Merry Christmas with Love is Clay Aiken's first Christmas album. It was released by RCA Records on November 16, 2004. It was certified platinum and was recognized by "Billboard" as the Best-selling Christmas/holiday album of 2004 and the Best-selling Christian album of 2005. The album was re-released on August 18, 2009 on the Sony label.

"Merry Christmas with Love" debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart with about 270,000 copies sold. This was its highest position on the chart. By the end of 2004, around 1,004,000 copies of the album had been sold.

The album set a new record for fastest-selling holiday album, since SoundScan began in March 1991. It tied Céline Dion's record for the highest debut by a holiday album in the history of "Billboard" magazine.

On January 6, 2005, "Merry Christmas with Love" was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of one million copies in the U.S. Going into the 2010 Christmas season, 1,416,000 copies had been sold in the U.S. and 2 million worldwide.

"Billboard" Awards

American Christian Music Awards

Arauco Province

The Arauco Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). The provincial capital Is the city of Lebu.

In 1852, the old province of Arauco was created with the southern parts of the province of Concepción; it had three departments: Arauco, Laja and Nacimiento.

In 1927, Arauco was eliminated as a province and became again part of the province of Concepción but, in 1934, Arauco was made again a province with the departments Arauco, Cañete and Lebu. When the regions were created in 1975, the Bío Bío region was formed with the Arauco, Biobío, Concepción and Ñuble provinces.

The Arauco province is in the southwest of the Bío Bío region along the Pacific Ocean, with an area of . The capital, Lebu, is on the coast about south of Concepción, the capital of the region.

Arauco is bordered to the north by the Concepción province, to the northeast by the Biobío province, to the east by the Malleco province (Araucanía region), to the south and southwest by the Cautín province (Araucanía region and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The Mocha island is a small island that is west of the Arauco province, in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the "comuna" of Lebu. It has an area of about .

 (last national census), there were 157,255 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 117,569 persons ( of the total).

The largest city in 2002 of the province is Curanilahue with 30,126 inhabitants. Its capital Lebu, has a population of 20,838 inhabitants. Other cities are Cañete (19,839 inhabitants), Arauco (16,291 inhabitants) and Los Álamos (13,035 inhabitants).

As a province, Arauco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 7 communes ("comunas"). The city of Lebu serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Rocky De La Fuente

Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente (born October 10, 1954) is an American businessman, political activist, and politician.

He was the unsuccessful nominee of the Reform Party and that of his self-created American Delta Party for President of the United States in the 2016 election. De La Fuente was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination in Florida's 2016 election for United States Senator and for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2016 primaries.

In May 2019, De La Fuente announced his plans to run for the presidency again, seeking the Republican nomination challenging incumbent President Donald Trump.

De La Fuente was born to Roque Antonio De La Fuente and Bertha Guerra Izaguirre on October 10, 1954 in San Diego, California. He studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico and studied Accounting & Business Administration at Anahuac University.

Between 1976 and 1990, De La Fuente had bought automobile dealerships from Alfa Romeo, American Motor Corporation, Audi, Cadillac, Chrysler, Daihatsu, Dodge, GMC, Honda, and others.

In 2004, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued an order barring De La Fuente from participating in an FDIC-insured institution. De La Fuente went to court and the case was resolved.

He owns businesses and properties in the Dominican Republic, Mexico, United States, and Uruguay.

De La Fuente ran a presidential campaign in the 2016 election. De La Fuente sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente's campaign came in Third behind Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party and ran as that party's nominee with his running mate Michael Steinberg and was nominated as the presidential candidate of the Reform Party which had ballot access in Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota and Mississippi.

On June 20, 2016, De La Fuente paid the $10,440 qualifying fee to run for the Democratic nomination of the 2016 Senate election in Florida to decide the Democratic nominee for the Senate seat occupied by Republican Marco Rubio. He competed with Patrick Murphy, Alan Grayson, Pam Keith, and Reginald Luster for the nomination. Murphy won the nomination; De La Fuente came in fourth-place out of five candidates, receiving 60,606 votes (5.38% of the overall vote).

In 2018, De La Fuente, ran for US Senate in seven Republican primaries and the California and Washington open primaries to show how problematic the current election process was. He lost the primaries in Wyoming (1,280 votes, 1.1% of the vote), Hawaii (3,065 votes, 9.4% of the vote ), Minnesota (17,051 votes, 5.9% of the vote), Vermont (1,057 votes, 2.9% of the vote), Delaware (1,998 votes, 5.3% of the vote), and Rhode Island (3,722 votes, 12.3% of the vote). In Florida, he got 11.4% of the vote against Republican Gov. Rick Scott. He also filed to run for the 2018 Senate election in California under the Republican Party to unseat incumbent Dianne Feinstein, but failed in the June 5 primary.

On January 9, 2017, De La Fuente announced his plans to run for president again for the Democratic nomination in 2020. He soon filed to run for the Republican nomination. As of September 30, 2019, he had raised $6,735 from outside sources and had loaned his own campaign $10.18 million. He has qualified as a candidate in Alabama, Delaware, Vermont, Arkansas, New Hampshire, Colorado, and Texas.

On July 30, De La Fuente filed a federal lawsuit against the new California law that says no one can be on a presidential primary ballot unless he or she reveals the last five years of federal income tax returns. On August 6, 2019, he filed a brief on it.
De La Fuente ran as a Republican in the campaign for the U.S. House of Representatives seat for California's 21st district. (Unlike most other states, California has no law prohibiting simultaneously running for the presidency and for Congress.) His son Ricardo ran for the same seat as a Democrat. Neither De La Fuente lives in the district. Rocky felt that his candidacy would help his son's chances of getting the seat, which was the outcome he desired. Neither De La Fuente succeeded in this primary, coming in third (Ricardo) and fourth (Rocky) in a four-candidate jungle primary in which the top two vote-getters compete in the general election. However, on the same day, Ricardo, who had previously run for the House from California's 34th and Florida's 23rd districts, won the Democratic primary for U.S. representative for Texas's 27th district, but went on to lose the general election.

De La Fuente married Katayoun Yazdani.

De La Fuente has five children. De La Fuente has a stated goal of creating a political dynasty. Two of his sons have also sought office.

His son Ricardo "Ricky" De La Fuente has sought several congressional seats. He first ran as a Democrat in the 2017 California's 34th congressional district special election. He then, in 2018, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination for Florida's 24th US congressional district. In 2020 he unsuccessfully ran as a Democrat in the California's 21st US congressional district (competing against his father, who ran unsuccessfully as a Republican) and successfully won the Democratic nomination for Texas's 27th US congressional district (where he hopes to become a resident). In 2020, Ricardo was also originally running for the Democratic nomination in Florida's 24th US congressional district.

In 2020, his son Roque De La Fuente III entered the Democratic presidential primaries in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Missouri, New Hampshire, Texas, and Utah.



Rocky De La Fuente 2016 presidential campaign

Rocky De La Fuente ran a third-party campaign for the presidency of the United States in the 2016 election. De La Fuente had sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente's campaign did not win a single delegate to the 2016 Democratic National Convention, but he came in fourth by total votes received.

De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party, and ran as its presidential nominee with running mate Michael Steinberg. He was also nominated as the presidential nominee of the Reform Party which has ballot access in Florida, Louisiana, and Mississippi.


Catherine Cortez Masto

Catherine Marie Cortez Masto (born March 29, 1964) is an American attorney and politician. She is the senior United States Senator from Nevada. She was the Attorney General of Nevada from 2007 to 2015, elected to replace George Chanos. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

When her term began in 2017, Masto became the first Latina United States senator in American history.

Todd Young

Todd Christopher Young (born August 24, 1972) is an American politician. He is the senior U.S. Senator from Indiana. He previously served as a U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. On November 8, 2016, Young was elected to the United States Senate in the general election. Young defeated Evan Bayh.


Evan Bayh

Birch Evans "Evan" Bayh III ( ; born December 26, 1955) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He served as the junior U.S. Senator from Indiana from 1999 to 2011. He earlier served as the 46th Governor of Indiana from 1989 to 1997. His father was former Senator Birch Bayh.

On February 15, 2010, Bayh unexpectedly announced he would not seek reelection to the Senate in 2010. After leaving the Senate, he was replaced by his predecessor, Dan Coats.

Following the withdrawal of 2016 Democratic primary winner Baron Hill, Bayh announced that he would be running to take back his old Senate seat from retiring Republican incumbent Dan Coats. He was defeated in the general election.

John C. Carney Jr.

John Charles Carney Jr. (born May 20, 1956) is an American politician serving as the 74th governor of Delaware since 2017. Before becoming governor, he served as the U.S. representative for from 2011 to 2017. He was also the 24th lieutenant governor of Delaware from 2001 to 2009.

Carney also served as Delaware's secretary of finance from 1996 to 2000.

Eric Holcomb

Eric Holcomb (born May 2, 1968) is an American politician. He currently serves as the 51st Governor of Indiana. He previously served as the 51st Lieutenant Governor of Indiana. He was nominated to fill the remainder of Sue Ellspermann's term. Ellspermann resigned on March 2, 2016 to become president of Ivy Tech Community College. He is a member of the Republican Party, and successfully ran for Governor of Indiana in the 2016 election.

Eric Greitens

Eric Robert Greitens (born April 10, 1974) is an American politician, author, humanitarian, and former Navy SEAL. He is the 56th Governor of the state of Missouri from January 9, 2017 until his resignation in June 1, 2018. Greitens is the Former President and founder of The Mission Continues, a nonprofit organization for veterans.

On March 22, 2021, Greitens announced that he would be running for the United States Senate in the 2022 U.S. Senate elections. He lost the nomination to Eric S. Schmitt in the August primaries.

On February 22, 2018, Greitens got in big trouble when he was accused of a serious crime that happened while he was having sex with another woman who was not his wife. He admitted that he was having sex with the woman but disagreed that he had committed a crime. She said that he secretly took naked pictures of her and then threatened to show them to other people and embarrass her if she told anybody what they had been doing together. A grand jury agreed there was enough evidence to proceed and he was indicted on felony invasion of privacy charges. On May 29, 2018 Greitens announced that he would resign from office effective 5pm on Friday, June 1, 2018. He and his wife Sheena got divorced in 2020.

Greitens is now a Republican. He used to be a Democrat. 

Chris Sununu

Christopher T. "Chris" Sununu (born November 5, 1974) is the 82nd Governor of New Hampshire. Sununu was a Republican member of the New Hampshire Executive Council from 2011 to 2017.

Sununu was born in Salem, New Hampshire. 

He also serves as chief executive officer of the Waterville Valley Ski Resort in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire. He earned a bachelor's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Sununu is a son of former New Hampshire Governor John H. Sununu and brother of former U.S. Senator John E. Sununu.

On July 19, 2023, Sununu announced that he would not run for a fifth term as governor.


Doug Burgum

Douglas James Burgum (born August 1, 1956) is an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and politician. He is the 33rd Governor of North Dakota as a member of the Republican Party. He joined Great Plains Software in 1983 and became the company’s President in 1984 until resigning in 2016 for his gubernatorial run. He briefly ran for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Burgum was born and raised in the small town of Arthur, North Dakota. He studied at North Dakota State University and Stanford University. While at Stanford, he became friends with Steve Ballmer, who would later be CEO of Microsoft.

In 1983, Burgum invested in a small technology startup company, Great Plains Software. He became the company's president in 1984. Burgum sold the company to Microsoft for $1.1 billion in 2001. While working at Microsoft, he managed Microsoft Business Solutions. He was board chairman for Atlassian and SuccessFactors. Burgum is the founder of Kilbourne Group, a real-estate development firm.

In 2016, Burgum announced his plan to run for Governor of North Dakota as a Republican. He ran against State Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem, who won the party's support at the party convention in April. However, Burgum was able to beat Stenehjem in the primary election two months later to win the nomination. Burgum would go on to win the November general election with over 75% of the vote.

Burgum was sworn in as the 33rd governor of North Dakota on December 15, 2016.

Burgum has set a goal for North Dakota to become carbon-neutral by 2030. In 2018, Burgum created the Vision Zero project. Since then, traffic-related deaths in North Dakota have reached record lows.

Burgum announced on January 22, 2024 that he would not run for a third term.

Burgum married his first wife, Karen Stoker, in 1991. They divorced in 2003. They had three children. In 2016, Burgum married Kathryn Helgaas.

On June 7, 2023, Burgum announced his presidential candidacy for the 2024 presidential election. His announcement made him the first North Dakotan to run for president. Burgum is reported to have spent more money on advertisements than any other presidential candidate since he began his campaign. After low polling numbers and failing to qualify in the third and fourth presidential debate, Burgum suspended his campaign on December 4, 2023. Afterward, Burgum began campaigning for former President Donald Trump, who said he wanted Burgum to be an important member of his administration.


Phil Scott

Philip Brian Scott (born August 4, 1958) is an American politician. He is the 82nd and current Governor of Vermont since January 5, 2017. Before being Governor, he was the Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 2011 to 2017. A Republican, he won the 2016 general election with over 52% of the vote.

Jim Justice

James Conley Justice II (born April 27, 1951) is an American coal and agriculture businessman and politician from West Virginia. He is the Governor of West Virginia. He is the owner of over 50 companies, including The Greenbrier, a luxury resort. Justice is the only billionaire from the state of West Virginia. 

A Republican, Justice ran for Governor of West Virginia in the 2016 general election as the Democratic nominee. He won the general election and became Governor of West Virginia in 2017.

On August 3, 2017, Justice announced at a Trump rally that he was switching political parties becoming a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2023, Justice announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election, against incumbent Democratic Senator Joe Manchin.

On January 11, 2022, Justice tested positive for COVID-19 and described feeling "extremely unwell". He said that his heart rate and blood pressure were high.


Jodo

Jōdō (杖道:じょうどう) or is a Japanese martial art. 

Jōdō uses a short staff called a "jō". The "jō" is a short staff, usually about 3 to 5 feet (0.9 to 1.5 m) long. Jōdō is strongly focused upon defense against the Japanese sword. 

The art is similar to "bōjutsu". 

Conor McGregor

Conor Anthony McGregor (born 14 July 1988) is an Irish mixed martial artist and boxer. He started his career in 2008. He is signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is the former UFC Featherweight Champion and UFC Lightweight Champion. He has fought as a featherweight, lightweight and welterweight. 

At UFC 194, he defeated Jose Aldo to win the UFC featherweight championship. In his welterweight debut at UFC 196, he was defeated by Nate Diaz in the second round via submission. On 6 October 2018, he won the UFC lightweight championship by defeating Eddie Alvarez and won via KO. In his boxing debut in 2017, he was defeated by Floyd Mayweather Jr.. He returned to MMA in 2018 and was defeated by Khabib Nurmagomedov via submission at UFC 229. The event set the record for the biggest MMA pay-per-view event, with 2.4 million buys in the United States. Throughout his career, McGregor has become the subject of many controversies due to his behaviour.

McGregor was born in Dublin. His parents are Timmy and Súsan McGregor. He started kickboxing in 2008, the same year he started dating his girlfriend Dee Devlin. Their son, Conor Jack McGregor, was born in May 2017.


The Nutshack

The Nutshack is a Filipino-American animated sitcom created By Jesse Hernandez and Ramon Lopez. The show received critical acclaim from critics for its excellent jokes and comedic timing, outstanding social commentary and high quality animation.

Aquarius (astrology)

Aquarius is the eleventh astrological sign of the Zodiac. The name is from the constellation Aquarius. It is an air sign. It is ruled by Uranus (Modern) and Saturn (Ancient.)

Roger Joseph Boscovich

Roger Joseph Boscovich (18 May 1711 - 13 February 1787) was a Croatian polymath and Jesuit from the city of Dubrovnik in the Republic of Ragusa (modern-day Croatia). He studied and lived in Italy and France, where he published many of his works.

He produced a precursor of atomic theory and made many contributions to astronomy. In 1753 he discovered the absence of atmosphere on the Moon. 
In Vienna in 1758, he published the first edition of his famous work, "Philosophiæ naturalis theoria redacta ad unicam legem virium in natura existentium" ("Theory of natural philosophy derived to the single law of forces which exist in nature"). It included his atomic theory and his theory of forces. A second edition was published in 1763 in Venice and a third again in Vienna in 1764. In 1922 it was published in London, and in 1966 in the United States. Another edition was published in Zagreb in 1974.

Boscovich was born in Dubrovnik as the youngest of seven children. He joined the Jesuit school in Dubrovnik, leaving for Rome in 1725. In Rome he was under the care of 2 Jesuit priests whom introduced him to the Society of Jesus. In 1731, enrolled in college at Sant'Andrea delle Fratte. There, he studied mathematics and physics and in 1740 he was appointed professor of mathematics in the college.

Boscovich studied the transit of Mercury, the Aurora borealis, the figure of the Earth, the observation of the fixed stars, the inequalities in terrestrial gravitation, the application of mathematics to the theory of the telescope, the limits of certainty in astronomical observations, and various problems in solid geometry and spherical trigonometry.

In 1742 he and other scientists were consulted by Pope Benedict XIV, as to the best way of securing the structure of the dome of St. Peter's, Rome, in which a crack had been discovered. His suggested placing five iron bands and it was accepted. 

In 1758, Roger Joseph Boscovich described a version of atomic theory. He explained the resistance of hard bodies as due to force rather than "hardness". "The primary elements of matter are in my opinion perfectly indivisible & non-extended points".

As a devoted Jesuit, Boscovich spent his life without ever getting married or having children.


About Boscovich:

Cerqueiro, Daniel. Boscovich, the Time Traveler. Buenos Aires: Small Ed. Venice. 2008. ISBN 978-987-9239-18-6

Les Agettes

Les Agettes was a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Since 2017, it is part of the municipality of Sion.


Mase, Switzerland

Mase was a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mase, Nax and Vernamiège were combined to make the new municipality of Mont-Noble.

Nax

Nax was a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Nax, Mase and Vernamiège merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.


Saint-Martin, Valais

Saint-Martin is a municipality of the district Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Saint-Martin, Eison, La Luette, Liez, Praz-Jean, Suen and Trogne.


Ventilation

Ventilation is the introduction of fresh air, usually from the outside, into a space, while sending stale air back out. Fans and pumps, vent grates and air flow tunnels are common in these structures.

The simplest systems are called “natural ventilation,” which usually means that they get their airflow through vents opening to the outside. Mechanical systems are more popular for industry. Mechanical systems are able to regulate other things, including temperature, relative humidity, and oxygen levels.

Fresh air prevents issues like mold and bacteria growth, as well as the spread of disease. It helps eliminate dust, which can lead to cleaner living standards. Single rooms can sometimes be ventilated by opening a window or door, but this isn’t as successful for larger structures.

Ventilation usually collaborates with heating and cooling systems, but not always and they aren’t only limited to buildings. Vehicles frequently have ventilation systems that control air circulation and air quality.

In ancient Persia, structures called windcatchers were built to create natural ventilation. These structures are a traditional method in Persia. They became very popular and are still in use across the Middle East.

African Americans in the American Civil War

The history of African Americans in The American Civil War includes the over four million slaves and approximately 500,000 free African Americans who were living in the United States at the beginning of the war. Altogether they made up 14% of the population of the country. Many served as soldiers in the Union Army.

Slavery began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans—not as reported by John Rolfe from a Dutch ship—but rather from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. Not long after this it became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. At this point slavery became a critical part of the South's economy. With westward expansion, the question of slavery in the new territories became a subject of great debate. It polarized the nation between the interests of the Northern industrial economy and the South's agricultural economy.

This led to the American Civil War. Millions of slaves were brought to America between the 17th and 19th centuries. Slavery was one of the main issues that led to the outbreak of the Civil War.

The United States Navy, during the Civil War termed the Union Navy, had separate traditions regarding African Americans. The Militia Acts of 1792 excluded black men from serving in the United States Army. This policy remained in place until the second year of the Civil War. The Navy, however, never had such a policy. In the 1840s they limited the number of blacks serving to 5 percent of the enlisted force. But before and after, black and white men served together often performing the same duties. Up to the start of the Civil War, several hundred black men were serving in the Navy. After Fort Sumter was captured by Confederates, a large number of men enlisted in the Navy. The percentage of black men in the Navy rapidly increased. In 1861, they made up about 6 percent of the force. By the summer of 1862 they made up about 15% of the enlisted men.

Many of the African Americans who joined the Navy were from the East Coast of the United States. Many were experienced sailors. Others had worked on the docks and in other related jobs in the shipping industry. The largest number came from Maryland and the Chesapeake Bay area. Also, a large number were transferred from the Army to the Navy in 1864.

African Americans fought in every major campaign and naval battle of the Civil War. They served in the blockading squadrons on the South and Gulf Coasts and in the brown-water navy in the tributaries in the South. African American women served also, most as nurses aboard the "USS Red Rover (1859)", a hospital ship on the Mississippi River. African Americans served in the Navy with great distinction and eight were awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor, the nation's highest honor.

 Unfortunately, this was exactly what President Abraham Lincoln did not want at the time. He was afraid that if he armed African Americans, especially escaped or former slaves, the border states would secede. This would only make the situation worse for the Union than it already was. But after two years of war, Lincoln began to reconsider the idea. The war was not going well for the North and they badly needed soldiers.

The Militia Act of 1862 allowed the army to use African Americans as laborers and soldiers for the first time since 1792. It did not invite blacks to join the Army but it did cause some blacks to form private militia units. In New Orleans three all-black Louisiana Native Guard units were formed (they later became the 73rd, 74th and 75th U.S. Colored Infantry). In Kansas the First Kansas Colored Infantry was formed (later officially becoming the 79th U.S. Colored Infantry). They fought in a skirmish at Island Mound, Missouri in November 1862. The First South Carolina Infantry, African Descent, fought for the first time in November 1862 (later becoming the 33rd U.S. Colored Infantry). In January 1863, these unofficial units were allowed to become part of the Union Army.

Probably the most famous unit was the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. In February 1863, Massachusetts governor John Albion Andrew, issued the first call for black soldiers in the North. Over 1,000 men joined, many from as far away as Canada and even the Caribbean. To lead them the governor chose Robert Gould Shaw, a young white officer. On July 18, 1863, they attacked Fort Wagner guarding the southern approach to Charleston Harbor. The 54th lost 600 men in the attack including Colonel Shaw—nearly half of the regiment. The fort was defended by 1,700 Confederates.

Black soldiers did not receive equal pay to the white soldiers. They also did not receive the same treatment. Their pay was $10 a month, less $3 for uniforms. White soldiers received $13 a month and had no deductions for uniforms. This was changed in June 1864 when Congress voted to grant black soldiers equal pay and made the change retroactive. While black soldiers were allowed to fight for their country, they were not treated as equals to white soldiers. Their units were racially segregated and were commanded by white officers. Some of their officers had very low opinions of black soldiers and did not train them well.
Captured black Union soldiers were a problem for the Confederacy. They could not treat them the same as captured white soldiers or they would be legitimizing them as being equal. It would also imply they accepted Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, which they did not. Three days before the Emancipation Proclamation was to take effect, Jefferson Davis stated: “All negro slaves captured in arms be at once delivered over to the executive authorities of the respective States to which they belong.” The Congress of the Confederate States decided to take it a step further. They later adopted a resolution that any negroes taken in arms would be put on trial for "inciting servile insurrection" and would be punished by the death penalty.

Lincoln declared that “the law of nations … permit no distinction as to color in the treatment of prisoners of war." He stated that if the Confederacy executed any Union soldier, the Union would do the same to a Confederate soldier. If the Confederacy enslaved a Union soldier, a Confederate soldier would be put to hard labor. While Davis publicly denounced Lincoln's order, it did have the desired effect on black prisoners of war. No more were executed or sent into slavery. But, afterwards it depended on the commander of the Confederate units as to what to do about taking black prisoners. Many simply did not take prisoners of war but shot them as they were surrendering. This happened at the Battle of Poison Spring, the Battle of Fort Pillow and at the Siege of Petersburg.

African Americans did serve with the Confederacy. Some went with their masters or were used as labor behind the front lines. They also worked as teamsters and cooks. But for most of the war black men were not allowed to serve as soldiers.

There are, however, nine known photographs of African American men dressed in Confederate uniforms. But the photos do not come with explanations. Of the men in the photos, four are known by name and were slaves who went with their masters to the front lines.

Near the end of the war the idea of using black soldiers was debated. In 1864, General Patrick Cleburne suggested enlisting black slaves into the army. The idea was considered, but it raised the question by at least one Southern politician: "What did we go to war for, if not to protect our property?" Another said: "If slaves will make good soldiers, our whole theory of slavery is wrong." General Robert E. Lee knew he needed soldiers. He stated: "We must decide whether slavery shall be extinguished by our enemies and the slaves be used against us, or use them ourselves." Lee suggested the slaves be freed in exchange for their service as soldiers. But that condition was not in the bill that was approved by the Confederate Congress on March 13, 1865. Only a few thousand blacks enlisted before the war ended. By that time over 200,000 African Americans had served with the Union army.


Arrondissements of the Ardennes department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Ardennes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 4 arrondissements of the Ardennes department are:

Since its creation, the Ardennes department has had some changes:

Gwen Ifill

Gwendolyn L. "Gwen" Ifill (; September 29, 1955 – November 14, 2016) was an American journalist, television newscaster, and author. She was the moderator and managing editor of "Washington Week" and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of "PBS NewsHour", both of which air on PBS. 

Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 American vice-presidential debates. In 2016, she moderate the New Hampshire Democratic Primary debate between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.

She was the author of the best-selling book "The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama".

Ifill died of endometrial cancer while under hospice care in Washington, D.C. on November 14, 2016, at age 61. 


Leon Russell

Leon Russell (born Claude Russell Bridges; April 2, 1942 – November 13, 2016) was an American musician and songwriter. He recorded as a session musician and sideman. He had a solo career. He had 31 albums to his credit and recorded about 430 songs.

He wrote the song "Delta Lady", recorded by Joe Cocker. He also organized Cocker's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" tour in 1970. More than 100 artists have recorded his "A Song for You" (1970).

Russell produced and played in recording sessions for Bob Dylan, Frank Sinatra, Ike & Tina Turner, the Rolling Stones, and others. He wrote and recorded the hits "Tight Rope" and "Lady Blue". In 2011 he was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and introduced by longtime friend Elton John.

Russell died in his sleep at his home in Nashville, Tennessee, on November 13, 2016 from heart failure while recovering from heart surgery, at the age of 74.

Lincolnshire, Illinois

Lincolnshire is a village in southern Lake County, Illinois.

Arrondissement of Charleville-Mézières

The arrondissement of Charleville-Mézières is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Charleville-Mézières.

It is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has an area of , the largest "arrondissement" of the department. It is the "arrondissement" with more people living in it, with 160,939 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières was part of that original department, sometimes we the name of Charleville and other times with the name of Mézières until 1966 when the two "communes" of Charleville and Mézières were joined to form the "commune" of Charleville-Mézières.

The "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières is bordered to the northwest and north by the Namur province (Belgium), to the northeast by the Luxembourg province (Belgium), to the east by the "arrondissement" of Sedan, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Rethel and to the west by the Aisne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 11 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières has 160 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Ricardo Rosselló

Ricardo Antonio "Ricky" Rosselló Nevares (born March 7, 1979) is a Puerto Rican college professor, scientist, and politician. He was the Governor of Puerto Rico and President of the New Progressive Party.

In mid-July 2019, Rosselló faced controversy after his phone messages were leaked which revealed homophobic messages, plans to create troll accounts for Facebook, evidence of corruption and death threats towards Mayor of San Juan Carmen Yulín Cruz. In July 21, he announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022. On July 24, Rosselló announced his resignation on August 2.

Charles Wesley Turnbull

Charles Wesley Turnbull (February 5, 1935 – July 3, 2022), was the 27th Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands serving from 1999 through 2007. During his tenure as governor, Turnbull served as a member of the National Governors Association, the Southern Governors' Association, and the Democratic Governors Association.

Turnbull died on July 3, 2022 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 87.

Pedro Tenorio

Pedro "Teno" Pangelinan Tenorio (April 18, 1934 – May 21, 2018) was a Northern Mariana Islander politician. He was the second and fifth elected Governor of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. With 12 years in office, Tenorio is the longest-serving Governor in CNMI history.

Tenorio died on May 21, 2018 at the Commonwealth Health Center in Saipan of complications from a stroke at the age of 84. 

Paul McDonald Calvo

Paul McDonald Calvo (born July 25, 1934) is an Guamanian politician. He was the third elected Governor of Guam from January 1, 1979 to January 3, 1983. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

Calvo was born in Agana, Guam. He studied at Santa Clara University. His son, Eddie Calvo, was elected governor of Guam in 2011.


Carlos G. Camacho

Carlos Garcia Camacho (November 16, 1924 – December 6, 1979) was a Guamanian politician and member of the Republican Party. He served as the last appointed Governor of Guam from 1969 to 1971 and the first elected Governor of Guam from 1971 to 1975.

Camacho died on December 6, 1979 in Tamunimg, Guam from a heart attack, aged 55.

Carlos Camacho

Carlos G. Camacho is the former Governor of Guam. 

Carlos Camacho may also refer to:


Carlos S. Camacho

Carlos Sablan Camacho (born February 27, 1937) was the first elected Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, a commonwealth of the United States. He served as governor from January 9, 1978 through January 11, 1982. He was a member of the Democratic.

Camacho was born in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. He studied at the University of Hawaii and at the Fiji School of Medicine.

Peter Tali Coleman

Peter Tali Coleman (December 8, 1919 – April 28, 1997) was an American politician. He was the first person of Samoan descent to be appointed Governor of American Samoa and later became the territory's first popularly elected governor. 

He was a member of the Republican Party, he is the only U.S. governor whose service spanned five decades (1956–1961, 1978–1985 and 1989–1993) and one of the longest-serving governors of any jurisdiction in American history.

Coleman died in Honolulu, Hawaii on April 28, 1997 from complications of liver cancer, aged 77.


A. P. Lutali

Aifili Paulo Lauvao (December 24, 1919 – August 1, 2002) was an American politician. He served twice as governor of American Samoa from 1985 through 89 and again from 1993 through 1997. He was the founder of the U.S territory's Democratic Party. He had a long career in the legislature and the judiciary in American Samoa.

Lutali was born in Aunu'u Island, American Samoa. He was elected to the American Samoa House of Representatives in 1955 and served as its speaker from 1955 through 1958. Lutali died on August 1, 2002 from complications of a stroke at a hospital in Pago Pago, American Samoa, aged 82.


Kay Starr

Katherine Laverne Starks (July 21, 1922 – November 3, 2016), known as Kay Starr, was an American singer. She was popular in the 1940s and 1950s. She is best remembered for introducing two songs that became #1 hits in the 1950s, "Wheel of Fortune" and "The Rock And Roll Waltz".

Starr died on November 3, 2016 at her home in Beverly Hills, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 94.


Blinky Bill (2015 movie)

Blinky Bill the Movie is a 2015 Australian computer-animated adventure movie. It is based on the Blinky Bill character, an anthropomorphic koala created by Dorothy Wall for a children's book series in 1933. 
The movie was produced by Flying Bark Productions. It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment (India) and Telegael (Ireland).

Blinky Bill is a koala with a big imagination. An adventurer at heart, he dreams of leaving the little town of Green Patch and following in his explorer father's footsteps. Mr Bill went missing in the Outback sometime ago and Blinky is the only one who believes his father is still alive. When Blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his Dad's whereabouts, he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of Green Patch and into the wild and dangerous Outback. He quickly makes friends with Nutsy, a zoo koala, and Jacko, a nervous frill-necked lizard. Pursued relentlessly by a vengeful feral cat who has a personal score to settle with Blinky, the trio must learn to work together if they ever want to survive the rugged Australian landscape and find Blinky's father!

This is an important list about the heroes who appear in the movie.

This is an important list about the villains who appear in the movie.



Ryan Kwanten

Ryan Kwanten (born 28 November 1976) is an Australian actor. He played Vinnie Patterson from 1997 to 2002 in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away". After his stint ended he joined the American teen drama series "Summerland", portraying Jay Robertson. In 2008, he was cast as Jason Stackhouse in "True Blood", he roles the animated voice talents in "" and "Blinky Bill the Movie".

David Wenham

David Wenham (born 21 September 1965) is an Australian actor who has appeared in movies, television series and theatre productions. He is known in Hollywood for his roles as Faramir in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, Carl in "Van Helsing", Dilios in "300" and its sequel "", Al Parker in "Top of the Lake", and Lieutenant John Scarfield in "". He is known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in "SeaChange". Wenham was born in Marrickville, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.


Robin McLeavy

Robin McLeavy (born 19 June 1981) is an actress from Sydney, Australia. 

In 2012, McLeavy was nominated for the Fangoria Chainsaw Award for Best Leading Actress for "The Loved Ones", but lost against Elizabeth Olsen for "Silent House".

Deborah Mailman

Deborah Mailman (born 14 July 1972) is an Australian television film actress, and singer. She was the first Aboriginal actress to win the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and had gone on to win four more both in television and film. The awards are now known as the AACTA Awards.

She is well known for having played the character Kelly Lewis on successful Australian television series, "The Secret Life of Us". She is also well known for her current role as Cherie Butterfield in the successful Australian drama series "Offspring". She also portrayed the role of Lorraine in the rotating cast of the acclaimed Australian TV series about Aboriginal life "Redfern Now". 

She starred in lead roles in the acclaimed films "Rabbit-Proof Fence", "Oddball", "The Sapphires", "Blinky Bill", and "Paper Planes".

Enantiornithes

Enantiornithes is a group of extinct avialans ("birds" in the broad sense). They are the most abundant and diverse group known from the Mesozoic era. 

Most had teeth and clawed fingers on each wing, but otherwise looked much like modern birds. Over 80 species of enantiornitheans have been named, but some names represent only single bones, so probably not all are valid species. 

Enantiornitheans became extinct at the Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary, as did the hesperornithids and all other non-avian dinosaurs. The Enantiornithes are thought to have left no living descendants.

The name "Enantiornithes" means "opposite birds", from Ancient Greek "enantios" ("ἐνάντιος") "opposite" + "ornithes" ("όρνιθες") "birds" . The name was coined by Cyril Alexander Walker in a landmark paper which established the group. In his paper, Walker explained what he meant by "opposite":

This refers to an anatomical feature. The articulation of the shoulder bones has a concave-convex socket joint which is the reverse of the joint in modern birds.

Barry Otto

Barry Otto (born 1941) is an Australian actor and voice actor, primarily of cinema. He is also an amateur artist.

Otto received an AACTA Award for Best Supporting Actor in "Strictly Ballroom". He was also nominated for "Bliss", "Cosi" and "The More Things Change...". Otto portrayed Administrator Allsop in Australia in 2008. He has appeared in "The Dressmaker", "Kiss or Kill", "Dead Letter Office", "The Visitor", "The Great Gatsby", "", "Love's Brother", "Blinky Bill".

An amateur artist, he often paints members of his family. Otto has twice entered the Archibald Prize. He is the father of actresses Gracie and Miranda Otto.

History of the automobile

The early history of the automobile can be divided into a number of eras, based on the method of propulsion. Later periods were defined by trends in exterior styling, size, and utility preferences. The question of who invented the first automobile depends on how automobiles are defined.









This is the period starts with the car made by Karl Benz in 1885. There were earlier inventions that used mainly steam-power to move the vehicles but the Benz car was the first to use a gasoline powered internal combustion engine in what could be called an automobile. The period goes up to the start of the production of Henry Ford's Model T.

This period dates from 1908 to 1914 and the beginning of World War I. While earlier designs were more ornamental, vehicles from this period are simpler and more affordable. It is the time when hundreds of smaller automobile manufacturers were trying to compete for attention and sales. A number of improvements were developed during this time. These include the electric ignition system, four-wheel brakes and the independent suspension. Transmissions were adopted. Along with throttle controls, these allowed the vehicles to travel at a number of speeds depending on conditions.

From about 1920 to 1930, car manufacturers began creating a closed body on the vehicle. This protected the driver and passengers from the weather. Vehicles began using curved glass and the new enclosed bodies gave a sense of privacy. Heaters were added for comfort. Many of the features of modern cars came from this period. These include four-wheel drive, front-wheel drive, and hybrid electric vehicles. Safety glass protected those inside the car from sharp glass in cases of an accident. By the end of the 1920s cars were becoming faster and were showing a level of style and beauty.

The classic era began about 1930 during the Great Depression and ended just before World War II. The Great Depression was a time when many in the United States were just trying to survive. But it is also the era of some of the most significant improvements to the automobile. Cars took on a great deal of style and sophistication. They became works of art in many cases. 

Many new features were introduced during this era including the automatic transmission, the V-8, the V-12 and the V-16 engines. The gearshift lever moved to the steering column, hydraulic brakes were introduced for faster stopping and cars got trunks to carry luggage and cargo.

The car industry changed during the 1930s. It saw the rise of the Big Three automakers. These were General Motors, Ford Motor Company and Chrysler. They were able to successfully design and sell cars during the Great Depression when fewer people could afford a new car. 

In 1949, the automobile industry finally got back on its feet after World War II. This same year General Motors, Cadillac and Oldsmobile introduced the integrated one-piece automobile body. The process joined all the different parts of the body into one body shell. Cars produced during this period concentrated on safety. Cars were big during this time. But in the late 1960s carmakers tried to market much smaller cars. The attempts by General Motors, Chrysler and Ford were all marketing failures. Instead, what sold was the performance car. Cars like the Ford Mustang and the Plymouth Barracuda were very successful. During the late 1950s, many smaller countries began producing cars. Both India and Iran were making cars from about 1959. The first Indian car design from 1950 was very similar to the Opel Kapitän. The first Iranian cars were very similar to several American cars. Both were designed in the United Kingdom.
This period started about 1968 and continues to today. Body styles changed dramatically. The three most popular are the hatchback, the Minivan and the Sport utility vehicle (SUV). Starting in the Integration period, car manufacturers began designing cars for men while others are designed to attract women. The body shapes, colors and other cues are designed to appeal to a particular sex. 

Today, women tend to prefer crossovers more than men. Examples are the Kia Sportage and the Honda CR-V. Men seem to prefer powerful cars like the Chevrolet Camaro and the GMC Sierra pickup truck. In car colors, men seem to prefer brighter colors while more women seem to prefer traditional neutral colors.



Arrondissement of Rethel

The arrondissement of Rethel is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Rethel.

It is in the southwest of the department with an area of , the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 37,142 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Rethel was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Rethel is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers, to the south by the Marne department and to the west by the Aisne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Rethel are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Rethel has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Sedan

The arrondissement of Sedan is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sedan.

It is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the department and has an area of , the smallest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 59,584 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Sedan was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Sedan was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sedan is bordered to the north by Belgium (Luxembourg province), to the east by the Meuse department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Sedan; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Sedan has 73 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Antero de Quental

Antero de Quental (1842-1891) - Portuguese thinker and poet, leader of generation of seventies.

Antero Tarquínio de Quental was born on 18 April 1842 in Ponta Delgada in the islands of Azores. He was a son of Fernando de Quental, a former soldier, and his wife Ana Guilhermina da Maia. He studied at the University of Coimbra and soon became a leader of his fellow students. He protested against the shape of Portuguese poetry of the time. He shot himself on 11 september 1891 in his native town.

During his stay at the university he wrote "Raios de Extincta Luz" ("Rays of Vanishing Light") and "Primaveras Românticas" ("Romantic Springtimes"). Antero de Quental's most famous work however is "Odes Modernas", published in 1865. He wrote in the first place sonnets. They were translated into English in 1922 by Sylvanus Griswold Morley as "Sonnets and poems of Anthero de Quental". He wrote essays, too, for example "Bom Senso e Bom Gosto" ("Good Sense and Good Taste").



Arrondissement of Vouziers

The arrondissement of Vouziers is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Vouziers.

It is in the southeast of the department with an area of , the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, but the one with fewest people living in it with 22,050 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vouziers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vouziers is bordered to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières, to the north by the "arrondissement" of Sedan, to the east by the Meuse department, to the south by the Marne department and to west by the "arrondissement" of Rethel.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Vouziers:

The "arrondissement" of Vouziers has 118 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Mose Allison

Mose John Allison, Jr. (November 11, 1927 – November 15, 2016) was an American jazz blues pianist, singer and songwriter. It was not until 1963 that his record label allowed him to release an album entirely of vocals. He was known for his songs "Parchman Songs" and "Young Man Blues". 

Allison died on November 15, 2016 at his home in Hilton Head, South Carolina from natural causes, ages 89.


Robert A. McDonald

Robert Alan McDonald (born June 20, 1953) was the eighth United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He is the retired chairman, president, and CEO of Procter & Gamble. On July 29, 2014, the U.S. Senate voted 97-0 to confirm McDonald as President Barack Obama's choice to succeed General Eric Shinseki as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. On July 30, 2014 he was sworn into office.

Steven Mnuchin

Steven Terner Mnuchin (born December 21, 1962) is an American banker, movie producer and political fundraiser. He was the 77th United States Secretary of the Treasury, under the Trump Administration from February 13, 2017 to January 20, 2021.

Mnuchin was born to a Jewish family, circa 1963. He is the son of Elaine Terner Cooper and Robert E. Mnuchin. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Yale University.

Mnuchin had a fortune estimated at over $40 million while working for Goldman Sachs. In 2002, Mnuchin left Goldman and worked briefly for his Yale roommate Edward Lampert, chief executive of Sears. He also briefly worked for Soros Fund Management.

In Hollywood, Mnuchin, along with movie producer Brett Ratner and financier James Packer, working with RatPac-Dune Entertainment, produced "American Sniper" and "".

Mnuchin supported Mitt Romney during the 2012 U.S. presidential election.

In May 2016, he was named finance chair of the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign. After Trump won the presidency, he is seen as Trump's top pick for United States Secretary of the Treasury.

On November 30, 2016 it was announced that Mnuchin would be nominated as Secretary of the Treasury in the coming administration of President-elect Donald Trump.
On February 13, 2017, Mnuchin was confirmed by a 53–47 vote in the U.S. Senate. He was sworn-in by Vice President Mike Pence the same day.

As Secretary of the Treasury, Mnuchin has been a supporter of proposed tax reform, and for reducing corporate tax rates. Mnuchin supports a partial repeal of Dodd-Frank. Mnuchin's use of government aircraft for personal usage has come under fire from watchdog groups.

In 1999, he married Heather deForest Crosby, who was his second wife, and they had three children together. They divorced in 2014. He married actress Louise Linton in 2017. They lived in Los Angeles, California and currently lives in Washington, D.C..

Fugitive slave laws

The Fugitive Slave Acts were two federal laws that concerned runaway slaves in the United States. The two acts were passed in 1793 and in 1850. They required federal involvement in catching runaway slaves in Northern States. The laws were designed to protect Southern slave owners. They required those states and jurisdictions to help in the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves. The laws were very unpopular in the North. They caused a great deal of resentment in the years leading up to the American Civil War.

Slavery in America began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. Not long after this it became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. At this point slavery became a critical part of the South's economy.

The issue of slavery caused difficulties for the United States almost from its beginning as a country. The framers of the Constitution used ambiguous language regarding the holding of slaves. Neither the word "slave" or "slavery" were used in the Constitution. The problem was in creating a democracy that ensured its citizens freedom while keeping a considerable part of the population in slavery without any freedoms.

In the United States, up to the 1860s, slaves and indentured servants were treated as personal property. They were subject to the property laws of the individual states. At first, most of the laws concerned indentured servants. But the laws began to differentiate between indentured servants and slaves around the middle of the 17th century. They also began to differentiate between races. People of African descent began to be held as slaves for life. 

Men and women slaves were generally treated the same under most state laws. However, some states had laws that applied only to women slaves. For example, Virginia passed laws punishing women who had children by their masters. They also confirmed the slave status of any children born of a "Negro or mulatto women". Great Britain had a structured system whereby children claimed their lineage through their father. This also applied to illegitimate children (parents were not married). Virginia was the first colony to change this. Slave children were considered the same race and status as the mother, even if the child was fathered by a white man. Laws concerning rape did not apply to black and Indian women. A slave woman could not defend herself against the attack by a white person. If she did, she was subject to beatings. While it was illegal to have relations with a slave woman, the laws were not usually enforced. This system increased the wealth of slave owners. They did not have to buy slaves if they could breed their own.

Slaves, whether born into slavery or purchased as a slave, had no legal rights. The United States Supreme Court decision "Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857) confirmed that slaves were not citizens of the United States nor of any state they reside in. In 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment overturned the Dred Scott decision.

The Northwest Ordinance (1787) was an act of the Congress of the Confederation of the United States (before the United States Constitution). It created the Northwest Territory, the first organized territory of the United States. The Ordinance provided that the territory would be formed into "not less than three nor more than five States". 

The territory was made up of lands beyond the Appalachian Mountains. It was south of British North America and the Great Lakes. It was north of the Ohio River. Article VI of the Northwest Ordinance prohibited slavery in the new territory. However, it contained a provision that any fugitive slaves caught in the territory would be returned to their owners. It also did not place any restrictions on slavery within any new states formed from the Northwest Territory. Southerners had no problems with the ban on slavery. They thought that most of the new settlers would come from Southern states. Once a state was formed, the former Southerners would vote to allow slavery. However, none of the states formed from the Northwest Territory ended up allowing slavery.

When the United States Constitution replaced the Articles of Confederation in 1789, Article Four of the United States Constitution contained the Fugitive Slave Clause. It states:
While Article IV, Section 2 of the United States Constitution did guarantee the right of slave owners to reclaim fugitive slaves. However, it did not set up the legal mechanism. The Fugitive Slave Act of 1793 passed by the second Congress added that mechanism. It authorized the arrest of runaway slaves and gave any magistrate of a town, city or county to rule on the arrest. The slave hunter only had to state the person captured was a runaway slave. No proof was required and there was no trial. It added a fine of $500 to any person who helped a runaway slave. It was passed in response to the rise of abolitionism in the North and also to the Underground Railroad that was set up to help slaves escape the South.

The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was a controversial part of the Compromise of 1850. The 1850 slave law added penalties for officials who did not arrest alleged runaway slaves. It fined them $1,000. Any law enforcement official was required to arrest anyone suspected of being a runaway slave. All that was required was a persons sworn testimony of ownership. As before there was no trial and the suspect could not testify on their own behalf. Anyone who provided food or shelter to any suspected runaway slave was subject to six months in prison and a fine of $1,000. An officer who captured a runaway slave would get a bonus or a promotion. The 1850 law provided for special commissioners to decide if the alleged fugitive was to be returned to slavery. He received $10 if the fugitive was returned, but only $5 if the fugitive was freed. This amounted to a legal form of bribery. This caused a large number of free blacks to be sent into slavery.

The 1850 Fugitive Slave Law caused outrage in the Northern States. It caused thousands of Northerners to be convinced slavery should not be allowed in the western territories. Eight states in the North passed "personal liberty" laws. These prevented any official from helping to return a runaway slave. Southerners regarded these laws as being illegal attempts to prevent the return of their slaves. In the North, free black communities provided runaway slaves with sanctuary and hid them from the hired kidnappers searching for them. About 15,000 free blacks emigrated to Canada, the Caribbean and Africa after the 1850 law was passed. Thousands of others including free blacks were not so lucky and were sent South.

In 1851, a gun battle broke out between abolitionists and slave catchers in Christiana, Pennsylvania. In Wisconsin a fugitive named Joshua Glover was forcibly freed from a jail. In Boston, a mob tried to free a fugitive named Anthony Burns. It took 22 companies of state troopers to stop them. The Southern states were completely convinced the North would not follow the slave laws.


Jack Vettriano

Jack Vettriano, OBE (born Jack Hoggan, born 17 November 1951), is a Scottish painter. His 1992 painting, "The Singing Butler", became a best-selling image in Britain.

Jack Vettriano grew up in the industrial seaside town of Methil, Fife. He was raised in poverty, and lived with his mother, father and older brother in a spartan miner’s cottage, sharing a bed with his brother and wearing hand-me-down clothes. From the age of 10, his father sent him out to earn money. His father took half his earnings. Vettriano left school at 16.

Much of his art education came from studying paintings at the Kirkcaldy Museum and Art Gallery.

It is fair to say that Vettriano is controversial. Professional art critics do not seem to like his work, but the public does. He is one of at least three modern British artists to make a great deal of money from his works.

In 1989 Vettriano had two canvases in the Royal Scottish Academy annual show. Both paintings sold on the first day and Vettriano was approached by several galleries. Further exhibitions followed in Edinburgh, London, Hong Kong and Johannesburg. In November 1999, Vettriano’s work was shown for the first time in New York City, when 21 paintings were displayed at The International 20th Century Arts Fair at The Armory. More than 40 collectors from the UK flew out for the event and 20 paintings were sold on the opening night.

His easel paintings cost between £48,000 and £195,000 new. According to "The Guardian" he earns £500,000 a year in print royalties. Vettriano's 1992 painting, "The Singing Butler", has been the best-selling image in Britain. On 21 April 2004 the original canvas of "The Singing Butler" sold at auction for £744,500. It had been rejected in 1992 by the Royal Academy summer exhibition.

In March 2010, "Days Of Wine And Roses" was opened by Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond at the Kirkcaldy Museum. The exhibition then transferred to Vettriano's gallery in London.

In February 2011, it was announced that Vettriano's self-portrait "The Weight" would be displayed at the re-opened Scottish National Portrait Gallery from November 2011, the first time he had exhibited at a national gallery. Deputy director Nicola Kalinsky said Vettriano was "a figure we have wanted on our wall for a while for obvious reasons". First Minister, Alex Salmond said of Vettriano, "He is a wonderful artist of considerable talent and achievement and this is a magnificent tribute to the special place he holds in the hearts of people in Scotland."

In September 2013, a major retrospective of Vettriano's work opened at Glasgow's Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum. 'Jack Vettriano: A Retrospective' ran until 23 February 2014 and featured over 100 works.


Devendra Jhajharia

Devendra Jhajharia (born 10 June 1981) is an Indian Paralympic javelin thrower competing in F46 events. The first Indian Paralympian to win two gold medals at the Paralympics, he won his first gold in the javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, becoming only the second gold medalist at the Paralympics for his country. At the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, he won a second gold medal in the same event, bettering his previous record. Devendra is currently being supported by the GoSports Foundation through the Para Champions Programme.

h

Umayyad conquest of Hispania

The Umayyad conquest of Hispania was the expansion of the Umayyad Caliphate over Hispania, from 711 to 788.

The conquest destroyed the Visigothic Kingdom and set up the Emirate of Cordova under Abd ar-Rahman I. This completed al-Andalus, the unification of Muslim-ruled Iberia (756–788). The conquest was the westernmost expansion of the Umayyad Caliphate and Muslim rule into Europe. Charles Martel defeated them in the Battle of Tours, so they did not conquer France.

The conquering army was made up mainly of Berbers (north-western Africa). They had only recently come under Muslim influence. They arrived in early 711 at Gibraltar.

The Umayyad Caliphate in Damascus was overthrown around 750 AD, but continued in al-Andalus until 1031.

The period from 710 to the fall of the last Islamic state in the Battle of Granada in 1492 is called the "Reconquista".

John Brown's Body (poem)

John Brown's Body is an epic poem by American poet Stephen Vincent Benét.

In 1925 Stephen Vincent Benét decided to write a long poem. With this proposal he approached the Guggenheim Foundation. He asked for 2 500 dollars and got it. Then he went to France. He settled in Paris and began to write. The poem was published in 1928. At once it became very popular. No American poem gained such popularity earlier. Ever Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's works were not so widely read. 130 000 copies of the book were sold during two years. For this poem the poet received the Pulitzer Prize in 1929. Many years later he got the second Pulitzer Prize for the poem "Western Star".

The poem in written in many measures. The poet employs both regular blank verse, free verse and different stanzas. This fragment is an example of classical blank verse.

From time to time the poet uses alliteration.

John Brown's Body is a poem about Civil War in America. The story begins with John Brown and his deeds. It ends with general Lee’s surrender at Appomattox. In this work historical and fictional persons are presented together. In 1953 Charles Laughton turned the poem into a play. It was performed in many theatres in America.


Slave Power

Slave Power, also called the Slave Power conspiracy and Slaveocracy, was a term first used by abolitionists in 1839 and was in common use by the 1850s. It referred to the economic, social and political influence held by slaveholders in the Southern United States. Southern slaveholders had a great deal power in Congress and many other federal offices up to and including the presidency. This is in spite of the fact they made up only a small minority of the population of the nation. These few very powerful men used their influence to maintain the institution of slavery. The fear in the North was that the slave power conspiracy intended to not only to spread slavery to the Western territories but to all the states in the North.

Slavery in America began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. It became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. Slavery became a critical part of the South's economy.

By the late 1850s, there was a widespread belief that a slaveholding oligarchy ran the country. That they ran it for their own benefit to spread slavery was also a popular belief. It was what Abraham Lincoln and the new Republican Party used to gain political power. It was also popular among conspiracy theorists. The Free Soil Party in the 1840s and the Republicans in the 1850s gave Slave Power its credibility. On March 12, 1857, the Cincinnati Daily Commercial published an article about Slave Power. The article called the United States "one great homogeneous slave-holding community" and said slavery had removed all state boundaries. It charged that Slave Power had three objectives. These were: to reopen the slave trade; to extend slavery to the entire country and beyond; and to make the white man a slave to the slave-holding Southern aristocracy and the Northern capitalists.

After 1850, Southern slaveholders had been lobbying for the reopening of the slave trade. So that charge seemed valid. Abolitionists had ample evidence Slave Power wanted to extend slavery to all the states and even the hemisphere. The third claim, that white men would become slaves to the Slave Power was harder to prove even though many believed it was true. 

Those who defended slavery had a number of arguments to justify the institution. They said abolition would destroy the economy of the South. Without slave labor they could not raise cotton, tobacco or rice. Freeing the slaves would cause widespread unemployment, it would lead to uprisings, bloodshed and complete chaos. They pointed to the French Revolution as an example. They pointed out slavery had existed all through history. It was in the Bible and even Abraham had slaves. Their legal argument pointed to the Supreme Court of the United States who decided in "Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857) that blacks were not citizens but were property.

Southern plantations could be very profitable. Sources differ as to just how profitable they were. Between 1770–1860, land was abundant and easy to obtain making it virtually worthless by itself. It was hard to get rich by just owning land. The Southern elite got very wealthy by owning the labor force that produced the crops on the land. The value of the slaves themselves was between one and two years of the entire national income of the United States. Only a small minority held slaves and it was limited to the Southern United States. Slaves were the real wealth.

A study by Alfred Conrad and John Meyer computed the rate of return for "slave capital". They calculated that slave ownership was at least equal to other forms of investments and higher than most. Slave ownership alone could return as high as 13% per year while railroad bonds would return 6–8%. 

The slave trade was banned in the United States after January 1, 1808. Slave ownership was still legal, but no more African slaves could be brought into the country. Until that time slave traders had become very wealthy by transporting slaves.

Examples of the enormous wealth of Southern slave owners includes Joshua John Ward of Georgetown County, South Carolina. He owned 1,130 slaves and controlled six large plantations. In 1850, he grew of rice earning his nickname as the "King of the Rice Planters". Another was Stephen Duncan. He was the wealthiest cotton planter before the Civil War. Over his lifetime he owned more than 2,000 slaves. He owned 15 plantations. The largest one used 858 slaves.

The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was a large political concession given to the South. It created a new commission that acted similar to the United States Marshals Service but with several differences. They were paid a reward by the federal government for each slave (or those who were claimed to be slaves) that was captured. They quickly became the largest federal employer at the time. The new act was anything but pro-States' rights as Northern state laws were ignored. There was no due process of law. In short, the Fugitive Slave act gave Southern states the power over the laws of Northern states by using the federal government to do their bidding.

The Act of 1850 alarmed Northerners both black and white. Free blacks had much to fear about being kidnapped and finding themselves a captive slave in the South. Northern whites were alarmed because their communities were being assaulted by slave hunters. Northerners saw this as proof positive of a Slave Power conspiracy that was threatening their liberty.

Northern Free-Soilers and Republicans had their differences. But one thing they agreed on was they both opposed slavery expanding to the territories. Both opposed the Southern planters who they called "slave oligarchs". Together they had an advantage over earlier attempts by political parties to oppose slavery. Earlier, Northern politicians had to go easy on slavery issues because they needed the political power of the Southerners to win national elections. For that reason they supported slaveholding presidents, congressmen and senators. But the Republicans and Free-Soilers did not need to please the Southern politicians and they attacked their power at every opportunity. They brought up old arguments that Slave Power had too long held power in American politics. That argument was used when Thomas Jefferson had been elected president. It came up when Missouri was admitted as a slave state in 1820 and again in 1845 when Texas was annexed. This time the Republicans hammered the idea hard. It hurt Northern Democrats the most. Republicans won many offices in the North that had been held by Democrats for decades. In the 1860 election, the Democrats split between North and South with each supporting their own candidate. This allowed Lincoln to win even though he did not have a majority. This ended the Slave Power dominance in politics and was a contributing factor to the American Civil War.

Most Antebellum Period presidents were not only from the South, but also owned slaves themselves. Many figured prominently in maintaining the economics of slavery. One reason for so many Southern presidents is that they benefited from the electoral college advantage they held, especially those from the largest slaveholding state, Virginia. In the Constitutional Convention (1787) delegates from Northern states did not want slaves counted as each being one person for the purposes of a state's representation in Congress. Southern delegates wanted slaves to count as individuals even though they could not vote. The delegates finally arrived at the Three-Fifths Compromise. In Article I, section 2 of the United States Constitution, calling slaves by the euphemism "all other persons", the founders counted each slave as three-fifths of a person. This gave slave states one-third more seats in Congress than they would otherwise have based on the number of citizens they had. This factor was decisive in the 1800 presidential election giving Thomas Jefferson the win by the House of Representatives. 

One of the key reasons Washington, D.C. was selected as the United States Capitol was that it located around a slave town, Alexandria, Virginia. New York City was in a free state and in Philadelphia a slave could only be kept for six months before being freed. This was inconvenient for slave owning politicians. Also, Washington D.C. was promoted by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison—three key Southerners who owned slaves. <br>

Neotribalism

Neotribalism (neo-tribalism; modern tribalism) is a sociological concept. The idea is that human beings have evolved to live in tribal society, as opposed to mass society. So they will naturally form social networks of new "tribes".

Rory's Place

Rory's Place is an American children's television series produced by Johnny Devon. The series premiered on Ready Set Learn as part of the TLC programming block on September 27, 1997 and ended on January 23, 1999.

The series premiered on Ready Set Learn as part of the TLC programming block on September 27, 1997 and ended on January 23, 1999.


Protests against Donald Trump

Protests against Donald Trump occurred in the United States in 2016. They occurred because of Trump's presidential campaign, and because of the results of the 2016 presidential election.

During Trump's presidential campaign, activists organized demonstrations inside Trump rallies who sometimes called for the rallies to be shut down.

After Trump won the presidential election, students and activists made larger protests in several major cities across the United States. The protesters chanted that Trump is "Not my President!" and other slogans.

Tory Lanez

Daystar Peterson (born July 27, 1992), better known by his stage name Tory Lanez, is a Canadian rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. Lanez was perhaps first recognized for his 2014 mixtape "Lost Cause" and his single "Say It" (2015). Lanez is signed to Mad Love Records and Interscope Records. His single "Say It" peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.

On July 12, 2020, Lanez was charged with carrying a concealed weapon. While being arrested, he was pulled over in a limo with fellow rapper Megan Thee Stallion. Megan exited the car with an injured foot. She said it was because of broken glass but she later said that it was from a bullet.

He denied shooting Megan on his fifth studio album "Daystar".

In October 2020, he was charged with felony counts of assault with a semiautomatic firearm, personal use of a firearm, and carrying a loaded, unregistered firearm in a vehicle. On December 23, 2022, a jury convicted him on three charges. On August 8, 2023, he was sentenced to 10 years in prison.



Turkification

Turkification was the process of turning a culturally, linguistically, or ethnically non-Turkish area into a cultural, linguistic, or Turkish area. Turkification was sometimes voluntary and sometimes forced. Turkey was once the home to many different ethnic groups before the arrival of the Turks. Among these groups were Greeks, Kurds, Armenians, and many more. These groups had been subjected to centuries of cultural assimilation. However, under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, these groups were subjected to a second wave of forced Turkification, this time targeting their languages.

Turkification partially explains why Turkish culture is a mixture of Western, Islamic, and Shamanistic cultures.

Zugangserschwerungsgesetz

The Zugangserschwerungsgesetz was a German law which aimed to make the access to child pornography over the internet more difficult. It was in use in 2010 and 2011.

Newton Aycliffe

Newton Aycliffe is a town in County Durham, England. It is about 5 miles north of Darlington. It makes up a part of the civil parish of Great Aycliffe. It has a town centre, Beveridge Way, and has a few superstores and supermarkets including Aldi and Tesco. 

NP-hardness

An NP-hard problem is a type of mathematical problem used in computer science. It is a yes/no problem where finding a solution for it is at least as hard as finding a solution for the hardest problem whose solution can quickly be checked as being true. Some NP-hard problems are ones where a working solution can be checked quickly (NP problems) and some are not. NP-hard problems that are also NP problems fit into a category called NP-complete. 

An example of a problem that is at least as hard to solve as any other problem that we can quickly check solutions for, which is also quickly checkable (it is both NP-hard and NP): 

A travelling salesman wants to visit 100 cities by driving, starting and ending his trip at home. He has a limited supply of gasoline, so he can only drive a total of 10,000 kilometers. He wants to know if he can visit all of the cities without running out of gasoline.

People don't know how to solve this problem faster than testing every possible answer, but if a solution is found that allows the salesman to do this, we can use an algorithm check that it is true. This problem is also known as Travelling salesman problem.

An example of a problem that is at least as hard to solve as any other problem that we can quickly check solutions for, but that can not be checked quickly (it is NP-hard, but it is not NP):

if someone starts a program that simply goes,
and never stops it, will it run forever?

There is no known way to find a solution to all problems of this kind, and this also cannot be checked.

Vernamiège

Vernamiège was a municipality in the district Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Vernamiège, Mase and Nax merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.

Lake Louise (Alberta)

Lake Louise, also called Lake of the Little Fishes by the Stoney Nakota First Nations people, is a glacial lake within Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada. The village of Lake Louise is on the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 1), which is west of Banff, Alberta. The emerald color of the water comes from rock flour carried into the lake by melt-water from the glaciers that overlook the lake. The lake has a surface of and is drained through the 3 km long "Louise Creek" into the Bow River. Moraine Lake and Lake Agnes are also accessible from Lake Louise.

Lake Louise was originally named "Emerald Lake". In 1884 the name was changed, naming it after the daughter of Queen Victoria, Princess Louise Caroline Alberta.

Anastasio Somoza García

Anastasio Somoza García (1 February 1896 – 29 September 1956) was the President and dictator of Nicaragua from 1937 until his death in 1956. He ran one of the most corrupt governments in history. But because his administration was anti-communist he was supported by the United States. García was the son of a wealthy coffee planter. He was educated in Philadelphia where he met and married Salvadora Debayle Sacasa. She was also from a wealthy Nicaraguan family. He became very wealthy through investments in land, transport, real estate and manufacturing. After winning the 1936 Presidential Election, he took control of the National Guard. He placed family members in key positions of the government. He and his family controlled the Nationalist Liberal Party which controlled the legislature and Judiciary. This gave him absolute control of the country. On September 21, 1956 he was shot in León, Nicaragua by a poet. He died eight days later. His family continued to rule in Nicaragua for two more decades.

Stevo Todorčević

Stevo Todorčević is a Canadian-French-Serbian mathematician, one of the world’s leading logicians and a world leader in set theory and its applications to pure mathematics. He is a Canada Research Chair Professor in mathematics at the University of Toronto, and a senior director of research at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS) in Paris.

Todorčević was born at Ubovića Brdo, Bosnia and Herzegovina where he lived until the second grade of primary school. After, his family moved to Banatsko Novo Selo where he finished primary school. He enrolled "Uroš Predić" grammar school in Pančevo. He demonstrated his talent and affinity toward mathematics in the third and fourth years of the grammar school. After finishing grammar school he enrolled Faculty of Science, Belgrade University, where he studied pure mathematics. During his undergraduate studies he attended Đuro Kurepa's advanced mathematical classes. In 1978 he enrolled graduate studies. Kurepa validated Todorčević's master thesis as good enough to be accepted as a doctoral thesis. Regardless, Todorčević wrote his doctoral thesis in 1979 with Kurepa as his advisory. In his address, preceding the oral defense of the doctoral thesis, Kurepa stressed that he was not able to find external readers of the Stevo's doctoral thesis in Yugoslavia, capable of fully understanding and evaluating Stevo's work, and turned to two university professors from England. Kurepa added that Stevo's talent was a miracle and that Stevo was the most talented out of the 40 Ph.D. students he advised in the past.

According to the Centre de Recherches Mathématiques, the Fields Institute and the Pacific Institute for Mathematical Sciences announcement, as of December 14, 2014,his work is recognized for its striking originality and technical brilliance. He was an invited speaker at the 1998 ICM in Berlin for his discovery and work on rho-functions. He made major contributions to the study of S- and L-spaces in topology, proved a remarkable classification theorem for transitive relations on the first uncountable ordinal, made a deep study of compact subsets of the Baire class 1 functions thus continuing work of Bourgain, Fremlin, Talagrand, and others in Banach space theory. Together with P. Larson he completed the solution of Katetov’s old compact spaces metrization problem. Among the most striking recent accomplishments of Todorčević (and co-authors) are major contributions to the von Neumann and Maharam problems on Boolean algebras, the theory of non-separable Banach spaces, including the solution of an old problem of Davis and Johnson, the solution of a long-standing problem of Laver, and the development of a duality theory relating finite Ramsey theory and topological dynamics.

Further, Todorčević is known for his the side-condition method in set-theoretic forcing, the invention and development of walks on ordinals and their characteristics, and other research that bridge between different areas of mathematics.
Todorčević's first recognized contribution to Set theory was given in his 1978 Master’s Thesis. He constructed a model of formula_1 in a way to allow him to make the continuum any regular cardinal and derived a variety of topological consequences of formula_2 Here formula_3 is an abbreviation for Martin's Axiom and formula_4– for weak Kurepa Hypothesis.

Todorčević earned his doctoral degree in 1979 at the University of Belgrade with Đuro Kurepa as advisor and Keith Devlin as outside reader. Devlin attended the defense; he encouraged Todorčević to visit Jerusalem where he attended Saharon Shelah's lectures on forcing.

In the July–August 1980 Todorčević attended the six-week summer school called Settop held in Toronto. At the conference, Todorčević along with Abraham had proved the existence of rigid Aronszajn trees and the consistency of formula_5 + there exists a first countable formula_6-space. formula_7 is an abbreviation for the Continuum Hypotesis.

He gave a survey of work on trees from combinatorial and set-theoretic perspectives, in the 1980s., and continued this work on exploring consistent possibilities for various types of trees, looking for results for trees on multiple cardinals, or with required or forbidden types of subtrees. The elegance of his presentation drew a wide audience for this work.

As to the partition calculus in 1980’s, "Todorčević proved a startling square bracket partition result for the uncountable and introduced new technology whose ramifications are still unfolding, and proved a stepping up lemma for negative square bracket partition relations."

Todorčević was a Miller Research Fellow in Berkeley from 1983 to 1985. In the 1985/6 academic year, he was a member of the Institute for Advanced Study.

For his proof of the partition relation formula_8, Todorčević earned explicit appreciations. Paul Erdös wrote, "This certainly is an unexpected and sensational result." and Jean A. Larson added, "... (it) was a wonderful shock that introduced a wide audience to the walks on ordinals and the oscillation function." Todorčević obtained this partition relation in September 1984, while lecturing on it in the Berkeley seminar, wrote up the notes of his lectures and circulated them in January 1985 and published the result later, in 1987. The walks on ordinals method Todorčević devised in May 1984 when he came up with a new proof of the existence of a Countryman line. 

In order to establish this partition relation, Todorčević discovered an entirely new mathematical object called rho functions. Sierpinski in 1933 coloured the edges of the complete graph formula_9 whose vertices are the elements of the smallest uncountable cardinal number. He coloured the edges of formula_9 with 2 colours in such a way that each colour appears on some edge of any uncountable subgraph of formula_9. Galvin and Shelah in 1980s had increased the number of colours from 2 to 3. Improving 3 to 4 seemed beyond any available methods. Todorčević used his newly discovered rho functions to increase the colours not just to 4, but all the way up to the smallest uncountable cardinal, which is the maximum conceivable number. This was one of the results for which he was invited to the Berlin ICM.

The discovery of rho functions (and the various applications they have found), an entirely new mathematical object, one out of the five in Set theory in the twentieth century, is celebrated as a major advance in understanding of mathematics and an extended period of exciting progress. 

In 1989 Todorčević published a monograph, "Partition Problems in Topology". He wrote that proof techniques developed for solving
the S-space problem and the L-space problem turn out to be useful in many other problems in general topology, writing "this is so because Ramsey-type theorems are basic and so much needed in many parts of mathematics and (S) and (L) happen to be Ramsey-type properties of the uncountable most often needed by the topologist".

He became a corresponding member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts as of 1991 and a full member of the Academy in 2009.

He was invited to deliver the Tarski Lectures in 2014.

Todorčević is the Royal Society of Canada fellow. In the 2016 RSC fellowship nomination detailed appraisal it was written:

One of his Ph.D. students, Ilijas Farah, won the 1997 Sacks Prize for his Ph.D. dissertation. The Ph.D. was received on June, 1997, at the University of Toronto. Farah, now a York University professor, was an invited speaker on the ICM, Seoul 2014, Logic session where he presented his work related to the Logic and operator algebras. Another Todorčević's Ph.D. student, Justin Tatch Moore, won the "Young Scholar's Competition" award in 2006, in Vienna, Austria. The Competition was a part of the "Horizons of Truth" celebrating the Gödel Centenary 2006. Moore, now a Cornell University professor, was an invited speaker on the ICM, Hyderabad 2010, Logic session where he presented his work related to the Proper forcing axiom .

Todorčević is the winner of 



Mont-Noble

Mont-Noble is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mase, Nax and Vernamiège merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
Nax, Vernamiège and Mase.


Bratsch

Bratsch is a village and former municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Bratsch and Gampel merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.

Ergisch

Ergisch (Walliser German: "Ärgisch") is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Erschmatt

Erschmatt was a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Erschmatt merged into the municipality of Leuk.

Selkingen

Selkingen is a village and former municipality in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001 the former municipalities of Selkingen, Biel and Ritzingen merged into the new municipality of Grafschaft.

Burlington County, New Jersey

Burlington County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Mount Holly. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 461,860, making it the 11th-largest of the state's 21 counties.

Judea (Roman province)

Judea was a small third-class province in the Roman Empire. It occupied the same area as modern Israel and Palestine. For centuries Judea had been under the rule of the Seleucid Empire. As that empire broke down, Rome gradually took control of the eastern parts of the Mediterranean. By 64 BC, after nearly two centuries of independent rule, those struggling for the Judean crown asked Emperor Pompey the Great to decide. Pompey stepped in and made Judea a client state. It briefly became a procuratorship between 41 and 44 AD under King Herod Agrippa. After his death it was returned to a province again. It was the scene of several wars called the Jewish–Roman wars. In 70 AD it was the scene of the Great Jewish Revolt resulting in the institution of the Fiscus Judaicus. After Bar Kokhba's revolt (132–135), the Roman Emperor Hadrian changed the name of the province to Syria Palaestina. The name Jerusalem was changed to Aelia Capitolina. 

Mut

Mut was an ancient Egyptian goddess. Mut meant "mother" in the ancient Egyptian language. Her name can also be spelled Maut or Mout. She is associated with the waters from which everything was born.

Some of Mut's many titles included "World-Mother", "Eye of Ra", "Queen of the Goddesses", "Lady of Heaven", "Mother of the Gods", and "She Who Gives Birth, But Was Herself Not Born of Any".

In art, Mut was pictured as a woman with the wings of a vulture. She holds an ankh and wears the united crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. Her dress is bright red or blue. There is a feather of the goddess Ma'at at her feet.

Mut is sometimes shown as a cobra, a cat, a cow, or as a lioness as well as the vulture.

Sopdet

In Egyptain mythology Sopdet was the goddess of the star Sothis. Sothis is thought to be the star Sirius. 

The name "Sopdet" means "sharp" in Egyptain. This is a reference to the brightest star in the night sky. In art she is shown as a woman with a five-pointed star upon her head.

Monthu

Monthu is a god of war in Egyptian mythology. He is usually shown as a falcon-headed man with two long feathers and a sun disk.

Monthu's name can be written in English as Mont, Montu, Montju, or Menthu.

Montu had several partners, including the goddess Tenenet, the goddess Iunit, and a female form of Ra.

Qetesh

Qetesh was a goddess in the ancient Egyptian religion, popular during the New Kingdom.

Qetesh was a fertility goddess of sacred ecstasy and sexual pleasure. She was adopted from Canaan in what is now Syria. 

Arrondissements of the Var department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Var department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Var are:


Since its creation, the Var department has had few changes:


Wosret

Wosret is an Egyptian goddess with a cult centre at Thebes in Upper Egypt. She is initially a localised guardian diety whose cult rose widely to prominence during the stable 12th dynasty when three pharaohs were named as her son; for example, Senwosret the man of Wosret.

Wepwawet

In late Egyptian Mythology Wepwawet (also rendered Upuaut) was originally a war deity whose cult centre was Asyut in Upper Egypt. His name means "opener of the ways" and he is often depicted as a wolf standing at the prow of a solar boat. Some interpret that Wepwawet is seen as a scout going out to clear routes for the army to proceed forward. One inscription from the Sinai states that Wepwawet "opens the way" to king Sekhemkhet's victory.

Over time, the connection to war, and thus to death, led to Wepwawet also being seen as one who opened the ways to, and through, Duat, for the spirits of the dead. 

East Africa Time

East Africa Time or EAT is a time zone used in Eastern Africa. It is often named as UTC+3. There is no daylight saving time since it is so near the equator.



Arrondissement of Draguignan

The arrondissement of Draguignan is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Draguignan.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Draguignan was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Toulon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Brignoles "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (321,569 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 9 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Draguignan and 3 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan has 54 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Tatenen

Tatenen is the god of primordial mound in the ancient Egyptian religion. His name mean "risen land" or "exalted earth", as well as referring to the silt of the Nile. As a primeval chthonic deity, Tatenen is identified with creation. He is an androgynous protector of nature from the Memphis area the ancient capital of the Aneb-Hetch nome in Lower Egypt.

Heka (god)

Heka was the deification of magic in ancient Egypt. The name is the Egyptian word for "magic" . According to Egyptain writing "Heka" existed ""before duaity had yet come into being"". The term "Heka" was also used to refer to the practice of magical rituals.

Arrondissement of Brignoles

The arrondissement of Brignoles is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Brignoles.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Brignoles was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but it was made again an "arrondissement" in 1974.

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles is in the northwest of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Draguignan "arrondissement", to the south by the Toulon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Bouches-du-Rhône department.

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it (150,974 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Brignoles there are 6 cantons but only 2 of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles has 67 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Cree language

Cree (also known as Cree–Montagnais–Naskapi) is an Algonquian language spoken by about 117,000 people across Canada from the Northwest Territories and Alberta to Labrador. This makes it the aboriginal language with the highest number of speakers in Canada. Despite having a large number of speakers within this wide-ranging area, the only region where Cree has any official status is in the Northwest Territories. This is along with eight other official aboriginal languages.

Arrondissement of Toulon

The arrondissement of Toulon is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Toulon.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Toulon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Toulon is in the southern part of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Brignoles "arrondissement", to the east by the Draguignan "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Bouches-du-Rhône department.

The "arrondissement" of Toulon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with more people living in it (565,669 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 14 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Toulon and 4 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement"

The "arrondissement" of Toulon has 32 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Humane Society of the United States

The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), based in Washington, D.C., is an American nonprofit organization that does activism against animal cruelty. It was founded in 1954. They do this by organizing campaigns to get laws passed and by investigating companies.

HSUS opposes cruelty against animals used for food.
The organization works on a full range of animals, including pets, wildlife, farm animals, horses, and animals used in research, testing and education.

HSUS works with another organization, the Fund for Animals, to operate animal sanctuaries in five states. However, it does not operate animal shelters itself. HSUS also trains rescue groups and shelters.

HSUS has been criticized for the way it spends its money.

In 1954, there were disagreements in the American Humane Association (AHA), another animal rights organization. The AHA thought that animals could be used in experiments, but some members disagreed. Many of the staff were fired, including Larry Andrews, Marcia Glaser, Helen Jones, and Fred Myers. These people set up HSUS in Washington, DC. At first, it was called the "National Humane Society". This organization focused on national policy. Their first goal was to get laws about humane slaughter passed.

In 1958, the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act passed. This law required slaughterhouses to use humane slaughter methods.

In 1961, HSUS employee Frank McMahon began an investigation of dog dealers around the United States. In February 1966, "Life" magazine published an article about some of the poor conditions he found. Tens of thousands of Americans read the article and wrote letters to Congress members, asking them to protect animals more. Later that year, the U.S. Congress approved the Laboratory Animal Welfare Act.

In 2005, HSUS started an Animal Protection Litigation Section. This is a part of the organization that works with attorneys around the country to participate in legal cases. This group had won approximately three dozen cases by 2015. In 2010, the section estimated that it had filed more than 50 legal actions in 25 states, and won 80% of its cases.

In September 2005, thousands of animals were left behind as people evacuated during Hurricane Katrina. HSUS and other organizations rescued approximately ten thousand animals.

During 2013, HSUS helped to pass 109 state laws to protect animals.

The HSUS has a department that focuses on pets. It also wants to end dog-fighting.



Blockade runners of the American Civil War

The blockade runners of the American Civil War were specially outfitted Confederate ships designed to slip through the blockade of Southern by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. On April 19, 1861, one week after Confederate forces attacked Fort Sumter, President Abraham Lincoln ordered the blockade. In response, the Confederacy used small fast ships known as blockade runners. During the first two years of the Civil War, the blockade had very limited success. As many as two out of every three ships entering or leaving Southern ports were successful. The Union Navy had to patrol nearly 3,500 miles of seashore along the Atlantic and Gulf coastlines. But as the Union built more ships, the blockade became more effective. As few as 25% of blockade runners were successful later in the war. 

The blockade was part of General Winfield Scott's Anaconda Plan to put economic pressure on the Confederacy until it returned to the Union. It was the most ambitious blockade ever attempted in world history. In 1861, the Confederate states had little manufacturing compared to the North. They did not have the capacity to make the weapons and ammunition they needed to wage a war. What they did have was cotton, which was highly profitable because they used slave labor. At the time, the South supplied cotton to both England and France for use in their textile mills. The South needed to export cotton to Europe and import arms and food for its army in return. A successful blockade could severely damage the Confederate government's ability to continue fighting.

President Lincoln issued two proclamations regarding the blockade. On April 19, he declared a blockade of the Southern ports from South Carolina to Texas. On April 27, he issued a second proclamation, extending the blockade to include Virginia and North Carolina. It read:
The proclamation raised an immediate question of whether the action by the seceding states was a rebellion or a war. Legally, based on the United States Constitution it was an armed insurrection "levying war against the United States" which made them guilty of treason. But, in dealing with foreign governments, the U.S. always treated the Confederates as rebels and not belligerents at war with the United States.

Lincoln knew very well the importance of semantics. He treated the act of secession as an act of rebellion against the democratic self-government of a state. In his view a minority of people had taken over the governments in the South because they did not like the way the 1860 presidential election had turned out. This act defied a main principle of democracy, which is a freely elected government. Lincoln stated "It is now for [us] to demonstrate to the world, that those who can fairly carry an election, can also suppress a rebellion."

In 1861, both the Confederacy and the Union wanted the help of Great Britain. The North counted on them because of their condemnation of slavery. The Confederacy counted on their help because of the great importance their cotton had to Britain's economy. So both sides had diplomatic relations with Great Britain. The South needed Britain's help to win the war. Also, without the aid of Britain, France would not dare interfere even though they were already friendly with the South. On May 4, 1861, Queen Victoria issued a proclamation declaring Britain's neutrality in the war and recognizing the Confederacy as a belligerent in the conflict. This enraged Lincoln. Seward, his Secretary of State, had already issued instructions to the new minister to Britain to quit and come home should the Queen recognize the Confederacy. France followed with a similar declaration which also recognized the CSA as a nation. Seward warned both nations of the possibility of war with the United States over this issue.

When Lincoln ordered the blockade, the United States Navy had fewer than 9,000 men. By the end of 1861 it had increased to 24,000 men. The blockade was made up of squadrons of ships set up at different points along the Southern coast line. Each group was responsible to monitor a particular area. Two early victories aided the blockade. In April 1862, Union forces captured Fort Pulaski and Savannah, Georgia. A few weeks later New Orleans was captured. In August of 1865, Mobile, Alabama, the last Confederate port in the Gulf of Mexico fell to Union forces.

At first, blockade running was done by ships of all sizes. The most successful were the steamboats that were put out of work when the war broke out. They could hug the coast and haul their cargoes of cotton to Cuba or The Bahamas and bring back items of lesser value. This collection of mostly small boats worked well at first when the Union Navy could not effectively guard all areas of the coast. So they did not need to be fast or stealthy and the work was fairly easy. The captains knew the coast very well which allowed them to avoid the Union warships. Cotton is gathered in September and shipped during the winter and spring. When the blockade went into effect in April 1961, most of that year's cotton had already been shipped. Only about one-seventh remained for the smaller ships to haul. The 1860 cotton crop had been huge and there was no shortage of cotton either in the Northern states or in England. So there were no great profits to be made or money available to buy war supplies. This worked in favor of the Union even though the blockade was not that effective yet. Still, the blockade runners could make some profit, but not nearly as much as later in the war.

As the war progressed and more Union warships became available for the blockade and the number of available ports became fewer and fewer. But blockade running became more specialized. In 1863, 199 blockade runners arrived in Confederate ports. In 1864 the number grew to 244. In 1865, by the end of the war another 30 had successfully carried their cargoes to Southern ports. More and more this depended on a very special type of ship. They were steamers, built for speed, they had large cargo capacities and had a very low silhouette making them harder to see at a distance. The work was dangerous but a successful trip could gain enormous profits for the crews. They became the South's main outlet for trade with Europe. Without them the Confederacy could not have lasted as long as they did. Risking war with the United States, England secretly built several blockade runners for the South.


Franklin Township, Somerset County, New Jersey

Franklin Township is a township in New Jersey. In 2020, about 68,000 people lived in Franklin.

Valles Marineris

Valles Marineris is a canyon system on Mars. It is long.

Beatboxing

Beatboxing is making percussive noises with the mouth, lips, tongue and voice. Performers try to imitate the sounds of a drum machine. They could also try to imitate turntablism and other instruments. It is used a lot in hip-hop music. This includes the use of humming, singing and tapping. 

Golaghmuli Valley

Golaghmuli Valley is a high mountainous valley in Upper Ghizer of Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan. This valley is east of Chitral and north of Swat. Golaghmuli Valley is separated from the Chitral and Swat by high mountain passes. To reach Golaghmuli Valley, a person must take the Gilgit-Chitral road west from Gilgit, and then continue straight by Gupis. After Gupis, one continues northwest to reach the Yasin Valley and the straight road goes to Golaghmuli Valley. Golaghmuli Valley has a spectacular natural beauty.


Battle of Stamford Bridge

The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place near the village of Stamford Bridge, East Riding of Yorkshire, in England. On the 25 September 1066, an English army under King Harold Godwinson fought an invading Norwegian army led by King Harald Hardrada. 

Harold's brother Tostig Godwinson joined Hardrada's forces. After a bloody and brutal battle, both Hardrada and Tostig, along with a large number of the Norwegians, were killed. Godwinson's achieved a complete victory. The battle marks the end of the Viking Age in England. Less than three weeks later, Godwinson's English army was defeated by William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings.

King Edward the Confessor of England died in January 1066 without having left an heir. This caused a struggle over who would be king after him. A number of claimants from across northwestern Europe thought that they should be the next king and included the King of Norway, Harald Hardrada. According to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", the Norwegians assembled a fleet of 300 ships to invade England. The Norwegian army numbered about 11,000 men. Arriving off the English coast in September, Hardrada was joined by forces recruited in Flanders and Scotland by Tostig Godwinson. Tostig was angry with his older brother Harold, who had been elected king by the witan on the death of Edward. Tostig lost his position as Earl of Northumbria and was exiled in 1065. Tostig had mounted a series of attacks on the Sussex coast England in the spring of 1066. The king believed Tostig's raid on the coast was a sign that William, the Duke of Normandy, was about to invade England.

In the late summer of 1066, the Norwegian-led invaders sailed up the Humber River, then the River Ouse, before they advanced on York. They landed at Riccall after Godwinson had first learned of their invasion. her On 20 September they defeated a northern English army led by Edwin, Earl of Mercia, and his brother Morcar, Earl of Northumbria, at the Battle of Fulford. After the victory, they received the surrender of York. They briefly occupied the city and took hostages and supplies from the city. Then they returned to their ships at Riccall. Hardrada offered peace to the Northumbrians in exchange for their support for his bid for the throne. Then, he demanded more hostages from all of Yorkshire.

At this time Godwinson was in southern England. He was waiting for an invasion from France by the Duke of Normandy. Duke William was another contender for the English throne. Learning of the Norwegian invasion, Godwinson headed north at great speed with his houscarls and as many thegns as he could gather. He made the journey from London to Yorkshire, a distance of about 190 miles, in only four days. Godwinson learned that the Northumbrians had been ordered to send the additional hostages and supplies to the Norwegians at Stamford Bridge. Godwinson hurried on through York to attack them at this place on 25 September. Until the English army came into view, the invaders did not even know that there was an English army anywhere nearby.

No one is certain of the exact location of the battle. There is no abbey, marker or cross to mark the place. However, an area southwest of the town called "battle flats" may be the actual location of the battle.

The Vikings were taken completely by surprise. They were resting in the heat of the day. Hardrada was confident enough that he left one third of the Viking forces, along with much of the army's armor, at their camp at Riccall. As the English army attacked downhill many of the Vikings were completely unprepared. The main part of the Viking army was on the other side of the bridge. A small Viking force held the approach to the bridge but they were quickly swept aside. According to legend, a single Viking warrior held the narrow bridge against the English for a time. He killed about 40 English warriors before he was killed.

In the fierce fighting that followed, both Hardrada and Tostig were killed. Most of the Vikings at the bridge were killed. Out of the original fleet of 300 ships, there were only enough men left to man 24 ships on the return to Norway. It has been said that before fighting started, Godwinson offered to return his brother's earldom if he would change sides, but Tostig flatly refused.

Stamford Bridge was a major victory for Godwinson. It showed he was a very capable commander. It also demonstrated how well trained his Housecarls were. However, Stamford Bridge will always be overshadowed by the Battle of Hastings, which took place just under three weeks later. The battle at Stamford Bridge left Godwinson's army very tired and in need of rest. He had lost the forces of his two earls from the earlier battle. However, he received news that Duke William had landed.

Harold quickly marched his tired army down to London and stopped at Waltham Abbey long enough to pray for another victory. On October 12 he was in London trying to find more soldiers to add to his army before facing William at Hastings. On October 14, Godwinson formed his army on the ridge looking down on the battlefield. That started the Battle of Hastings and the end of Anglo-Saxon rule in England.


François Villon

François Villon was a French poet. Villon was born in Paris in 1431, he died after 1463. His real name was likely François de Montcorbier or François des Loges. Today, he is considered the most important poet of the late Middle Ages in France. His parents were poor and died when he was still young; Guillaume de Villon was responsible for his upbringing. In 1455, he changed his name to Villon.

David Gentleman

David Gentleman (born 11 March 1930) is an English artist. He studied at the Royal College of Art and was taught by Edward Bawden and John Nash. He works in watercolour, lithography and wood engraving. Some of his work is very large, such as the platform-length murals for Charing Cross underground station in London. Some of his work is very small, including postage stamps and logos.

His themes include landscape and environmental posters, drawings of street life, and protest placards. He has written and illustrated many books, mostly about countries and cities.

Gampel

Gampel is a village and former municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Gampel and Bratsch merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.

Gampel-Bratsch

Gampel-Bratsch is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Bratsch and Gampel merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.


Weather vane

A weather vane is a device with a freely rotating pointer used to indicate the direction of the wind. Weather vanes served as simple devices for showing the direction of the wind and its speed for centuries. They were a critical tool for agriculture, travel and shipping. They serve a largely decorative function today. They have been replaced by specialized weather instruments. 

To work correctly a weather vane should be at the highest point of a building. It needs to be as far away as possible from other things that might interrupt the wind. The simplest form is a horizontal arrow or other form freely rotating on a vertical rod. When the wind blows, the arrow shows the direction and speed. The earliest known weather was made by the astronomer Andronicus in 48 BC. It sat on top of the Tower of the Winds in Athens. It was between and long and was the shape of a head and torso of a man with the tail of a fish.

The word 'vane' comes from the Old English "fana banner". This is related to the Old High German "fano" (cloth); from the Latin "pannus" (cloth or rag).



Tatar Wikipedia

Tatar Wikipedia is the Tatar language edition of Wikipedia. There are an estimated 5.2 million speakers of Kazan Tatar. Many live in Russia and the countries of the former Soviet republics. Most are concentrated in Tatarstan and in Bashkortostan. There are also Tatar speakers in the cities of Moscow, St.Petersburg and elsewhere in Russia. Tatar is the largest of the minority languages spoken in Russia. 

The total number of articles written in this wikipedia edition is 69,865. The number of administrators in this wikipedia is 3. There are about 54 active users of this wikipedia out of a total number of 21,495 users.


Arrector pili

Musculus arrrector pili are muscles found at the end of hair in mammals.

Guttet-Feschel

Guttet-Feschel is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 October 2000, the former municipalities of Feschel and Guttet merged into the new municipality of Guttet-Feschel.

Inden, Switzerland

Inden is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is on a high plateau and along the road that runs from Leukerbad to the Gemmi Pass.


Leukerbad

Leukerbad (, Walliser German: "Leiggerbad") is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Oberems

Oberems is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Var (river)

The Var () is a river in southeastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river.It gave its name to the French department of Var. It is a unique case in France of a river not flowing in the department named after it (see Var)

The Var river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nice (Pont Napoléon III) in the Alpes-Maritimes department.

The source of the Var is in the small town of Estenc, in the "commune" of Entraunes, at an altitude of about , to the south of the Col de la Cayolle, a mountain pass high, in the Alpes-Maritimes department. From here, the Var flows, in general, to the southeast.

The Var flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department for most of its length; it flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department for a short distance, about .
The Var river flows through 1 region (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur), 2 departments and 31 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Mediterranean Sea between Nice and Saint-Laurent-du-Var.

The five main tributaries of the Var river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Friesian horse

The Friesian horse is a horse breed that originated from the Friesland province of the netherlands.

Beverly Tyler

Beverly Tyler (July 5, 1927 – November 23, 2005) was a US-American singer and actress in American film and television from the 1940s into the 1960s."

Born "Beverly Jean Saul" in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of a secretary, she was just a teenage girl when she had her singing debut on the local radio. A short time later she moved with her mother to Hollywood and gave her film debut in the 1943 premiere comedy "The Youngest Profession".

Until 1947 she worked in six feature films and afterwards only 1950 again a film role. Her last role in a feature film was in the 1958 premiere thriller "Hong Kong Confidential".

Between 1956 and 1961 she also co-operated in various television series; Including the episode " When Mr. Twilight Died" (original title: "Vengeance") of the Western series "Bonanza". Her last appearance in front of the camera was in a Thanksgiving themed episode of the TV series "Hazel".

In the context of her marriage to Jim Jordan Jr. on May 6, 1962, she completed her career as a film actor and later appeared only on stage at supper clubs and playhouses in Reno, Nevada throughout the 1980s.

Tyler died on 23 November 2005 at the age of 78 years following a lung embolism and was laid to rest in Our Mother of Sorrows Cemetery in Reno, PA.Resting Places: The Burial Sites of More Than 14,000 Famous Persons, 3d ed.



Adinath Temple

Adinath temple may refer to:


Irving A. Fradkin

Irving A. Fradkin (March 28, 1921 – November 19, 2016) was an optometrist and founder and president emeritus of Scholarship America.

Fradkin has been called the "Johnny Appleseed" of college scholarships due to his leadership in scholarship access; his work has received national media coverage and government support.

Sharon Jones

Sharon Lafaye Jones (May 4, 1956 – November 18, 2016) was an American soul and funk singer. She was the lead singer of Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, a soul and funk band based in Brooklyn, New York. 

Jones died on November 18, 2016 in Cooperstown, New York of complications from pancreatic cancer, aged 60.

António Guterres

António Manuel de Oliveira Guterres, (; born 30 April 1949) is a Portuguese politician and diplomat. He became the Secretary-General of the United Nations in 2017. Guterres was Prime Minister of Portugal from 1995 to 2002, as leader of the Socialist Party. He also served as President of the Socialist International from 1999 to 2005.

He was the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from June 2005 to December 2015, and in October 2016 the United Nations General Assembly elected him by acclamation to become the next United Nations secretary-general. He replaced Ban Ki-moon.

Guterres was born and raised in Lisbon, Portugal. He studied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Instituto Superior Técnico in Lisbon. He graduated in 1971.

He was Assistant Professor teaching Systems Theory and Telecommunications Signals, before leaving academic life to start a political career.

Guterres' political career began in 1974. He became a member of the Socialist Party. He served as the Head of Office of the Secretary of State of Industry (1974 and 1975), Deputy for Castelo Branco in the Portuguese National Parliament (1976–1995) and Leader of the parliamentary bench of the Socialist Party, succeeding Jorge Sampaio (1988).

The Socialist Party won the 1995 parliamentary election. President Mario Soares appointed Guterres as prime minister and his Cabinet took the oath of office on 28 October that year.

Guterres was a popular prime minister in the first years of his office. Portugal had a strong economic expansion which allowed the Socialists to reduce budget deficits while increasing welfare spending and creating new conditional cash transfer programs. Guterres was against homosexuality during his term as Prime Minister. He supported United Nations intervention in East Timor in 1999.

After the 1999 parliamentary election, Guterres was re-appointed for the office and from January to July 2000. This second term in government was not as successful. The Hintze Ribeiro Bridge disaster damaged his authority and popularity. In October 2000, the Parliament approved the decriminalization of drug use (effective from 1 July 2001) and in March 2001, same-sex marriage were legalized.

In December 2001, Guterres resigned to "prevent the country from falling into a political swamp".

Guterres was elected President of Socialist International in November 1999. He remained President of the Socialist International until June 2005.

As High Commissioner, Guterres had more than 10,000 staff working in 126 countries providing protection and helping over 60 million refugees, returnees, internally displaced people and stateless persons.

His time in office was known by a huge organizational reform, cutting staff and administrative costs in the UNHCR's Geneva head office and expanding UNHCR's emergency response capacity during the worst displacement crisis since the World War II.

Guterres appointed American actress Angelina Jolie as his Special Envoy to represent UNHCR and himself at the diplomatic level in 2012.

In early 2015, the General Assembly voted to extend Guterres' mandate by 6½ months to 31 December, on recommendation of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Guterres left office on 31 December 2015.

Guterres became United Nations Secretary-General on 1 January 2017, following his formal election by the UN General Assembly on 13 October 2016.

During his first year, Guterres made world peace a first priority. In June 2017, he criticized the Trump administration and said the United States would be replaced from the United Nations if they do not take action on any international issues. Guterres criticized the intervention of Yemen and said a war from this would be "stupid".

In 2018, he called Syria a "living hell" in response to the Bashar al-Assad regime. He praised Trump and Kim Jong-un's summit and called it a "crucial milestone" for nuclear disarmament. In August 2018, Guterres wanted an independent investigation into a Saudi Arabian air strike in Yemen that killed 51 people.

In 1972, Guterres married Luísa Amélia Guimarães e Melo. They had had two children. She died at a London hospital from cancer in 1998.

In 2001, he married his second wife Catarina Marques de Almeida Vaz Pinto.


Christos Sartzetakis

Christos Sartzetakis (; 6 April 1929 – 3 February 2022) was a Greek jurist and former supreme justice of the Court of Cassation. He was the President of the Third Hellenic Republic from 1985 to 1990. 

He was born in Neapoli, Thessaloniki in 1929.

Sartzetakis died at an Athens hospital on 3 February 2022 from acute respiratory failure, aged 92.


Michael Flynn

Michael Thomas "Mike" Flynn (born December 1958) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general. On January 20, 2017, Flynn became the 25th United States National Security Advisor. He resigned on February 13, 2017. He last served as the 18th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, from July 22, 2012 to August 7, 2014.

On November 18, 2016, Flynn accepted president-elect Donald Trump's offer of the position of National Security Advisor.

"The Wall Street Journal" reported on January 22, 2017, that Flynn was under investigation by U.S. counterintelligence agents for his communications with Russian officials. On February 13, 2017, Flynn resigned the position of National Security Advisor.

On December 1, 2017, it was reported that Flynn had accepted a deal with Special Counsel Robert Mueller to plead guilty to a single count, that of "willfully and knowingly" making "false, fictitious and fraudulent statements" to the FBI, a felony.

On July 4, 2020, Flynn announced his support and belief in the pro-Trump QAnon conspiracy theory.

On November 25, 2020, Flynn was issued a presidential pardon by President Trump. 

After Trump lost his re-election in 2020, Flynn wanted Trump to suspend the United States Constitution, force martial law, silence the press, and hold a new election under military supervision as an attempt to overturn the election results.

Steve Bannon

Stephen Kevin 'Steve' Bannon (born November 27, 1953) is an American campaign manager, businessman and media executive and former Counselor and Senior Adviser to Donald Trump.

He became chief executive officer of the 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump in August 2016. He was later hired as his chief strategist and Senior Counselor. President Trump signed an executive order giving Bannon a seat on the United States National Security Council. He was removed from the National Security Council on April 5, 2017.

Bannon resigned on August 4, 2017, but his resignation became in effect on August 18, 2017 during the aftermath of the Unite the Right rally.

In August 2020, Bannon was arrested in New York and indicted for fraud in connection with an online fundraising scheme.

In November 2020, Bannon's Twitter account was permanently suspended after he said that Anthony Fauci and FBI Director Christopher Wray should be beheaded. Bannon was held in contempt of Congress in October 2021 after ignoring a subpoena by the House of Representatives committee investigating the 2021 United States Capitol attack. He was indicted by a federal grand jury on November 12, 2021. He turned himself in to the FBI later that month.

Joe Kennedy III

Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy III (born October 4, 1980) is an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Kennedy family. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2013 to 2021. In 2022, he became the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. He is a Democrat whose district stretches from the western suburbs of Boston to the state's South Coast.

He is the son of former U.S. Representative Joseph P. Kennedy II and grandson of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel Kennedy. He worked as a Peace Corps volunteer and as an assistant district attorney in the Cape and Islands and Middlesex offices before his election to Congress.

On January 30, 2018, Kennedy delivered the Democratic response to President Trump's State of the Union address.

On September 21, 2019, Kennedy announced his plans to run against Ed Markey in the 2020 Massachusetts United States Senate race. He lost the primary to Markey on September 1, 2020, making him the first Kennedy family member to lose an election in Massachusetts.

In December 2022, Kennedy was named the United States Special Envoy to Northern Ireland for Economic Affairs by President Joe Biden.

Adam Kokesh

Adam Charles Kokesh (born February 1, 1982 in San Francisco, California) is an American political activist. He is a decorated veteran of the War in Iraq, Kokesh came to disparage war and advocate nonviolent resistance to power. He is a member of the Libertarian Party. He has called for a "new American revolution" for the "orderly dissolution of the federal government." He was raised in Santa Fe, New Mexico. He now lives in Arizona.

Kokesh announced that he would run for President of the United States under the Libertarian Party ticket in the 2020 United States presidential election.


Black Awareness Day

In Brazil, Black Awareness Day or Black Consciousness Day () is held every year on November 20. It is a day "to celebrate a regained awareness by the black community about their great worth and things they have done for the country". The date is an official public holiday in five Brazilian states.

Black Awareness Day has been celebrated since the 1960s. It has become bigger in the last few years. First, it was celebrated on May 13 (the date of abolition of slavery in Brazil). It was later moved to November 20 to honour Zumbi's death, and is sometimes called Zumbi Day.

Members of the organization "Black Movement" (the largest of its kind in Brazil) organize educational and fun events involving mainly children of African parents. These events wants to get rid of the fact that many people see Afro-Americans as less important. Other "hot topics" in the Black community during the Day of Black Awareness are the working together of African-Brazilian workers with Caucasian-Brazilian and other workers, ethnic identity, and black pride.

The "Day of the Caboclo" ("Dia do Caboclo") is held on June 24. It celebrates the contributions and identity of the original caboclos and their children. This date is an official public holiday in the State of Amazonas.

"Mixed Race Day" ("Dia do Mestiço") is held on June 27, three days after the Day of the Caboclo. It celebrates all mixed-race Brazilians, including the caboclos. The date is an official public holiday in three Brazilian states.

"Indian Day" ("Dia do Índio") is held on April 19. It recognizes and honours the indigenous peoples of Brazil.


Pukhrayan train derailment

The Pukhrayan train derailment was an accident that happened on 20 November 2016 in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The Indore-Rajendra Nagar express derailed in the place of Pukhrayan, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh.It has resulted in 140 deaths and 200+ injuries.
The Indore-Rajendra Nagar Express is a passenger train between the Indore Junction and Rajendra Nagar Terminal. On 20 November 2016 at the time 3:00 the train derailed in the place of Pukhrayan, a town in Uttar Pradesh.

After the derailment about 142 passengers travelled in the train were reported dead and 200+ passengers were injured. It has been reported as one of the deadliest derailments after the 2010 Jnaneshwari Express derailment.


Mount Selinda

Mount Selinda is a village and mission station in the province of Manicaland in the eastern mountains of Zimbabwe. Its altitude is 1,100 meters.

Mount Selinda is on the very edge of the Chirinda Forest Botanical Reserve – the southernmost tropical rainforest in Africa. It is at the southern end of the Eastern Highlands mountain range which separates Zimbabwe from neighboring Mozambique. The Indian Ocean is about 400 kilometers away.

The Mount Selinda area is home to a variety of indigenous African flora, fungi, birds, butterflies, insects and reptiles. This is mainly due to being near the Chirinda Forest Botanical Reserve, which is protected by law.

Among the hundreds of indigenous trees found in Mount Selinda are: Red mahogany, Brown mahogany, Natal mahogany, Albizia, White stinkwood, Chirinda stinkwood, Ironwood and colossal specimens of strangling figs. The largest Red Mahogany tree in southern Africa stands at Mount Selinda.

Other smaller flora include thousands of specimens of the yucca-like "Dracaena fragrans", numerous ferns, creepers, vines, epiphytes, montbretia, orchids and flame lilies.

Mount Selinda boasts a dazzling array of bird life, with Trumpeter hornbills, Livingstone's turaco, African pygmy kingfishers, Firefinches, Sunbirds, African green pigeons, Owls, Nightjars, Eagles and Bee-eaters.

The reptile population includes pythons, cobras, vipers, mambas, adders, chameleons, geckos, skinks and lizards. The endemic Marshall's pygmy chameleon, "Rhampholeon marshalli", is found within the forest and at the forest margin.

The variety and brilliant colors of butterflies in the area is also noteworthy.

Avocadoes, tea, bananas, sweet potatoes, taro, citrus, pineapples, sugarcane, coffee, macadamia nuts are grown in the area. There are also commercial timbers such as eucalyptus, wattle and pine. Dairy farming is also a part of the agriculture.

Afrocarpus falcatus

Afrocarpus falcatus is a tree in the family Podocarpaceae. Common terms include common yellowwood, bastard yellowwood, outeniqua yellowwood, African fern pine, and weeping yew.

The tree is native to the montane forests of southern Africa. It can be found in Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, and Swaziland. The tree is widespread in some areas and not considered threatened. In South Africa it is a protected tree in South Africa.

This is an evergreen conifer. It often grows up to about 45 meters tall, but is known to reach 60 m. The trunk can be 2 to 3 m wide, and is gray-brown to reddish. The leaves are arranged in spirals on the branches. They are small and narrow, up to 4.5 cm long by about 6 mm wide.

Female trees bear their fruit only every few years. The main agents of seed dispersal are fruit bats. They eat the fleshy covering but discard the hard, woody seed. 

Many birds feed on the fruits, such as hornbills, Cape parrot, purple-crested turaco, Knysna turaco, Ross's turaco, African olive pigeon, African green pigeon, and eastern bronze-naped pigeon. Colobus monkeys, bushpigs and rodents also feed on the fruits.

Latin rock

Latin rock is a term to describe a music subgenre. It has traditional sounds and elements of Latin American and Caribbean folk music merged with with rock music. However, it is widely used in the English-language media to refer any kind of rock music featuring Spanish or Portuguese vocals.

The archaetypal latin rock band was led by Carlos Santana. His band "Santana" was far and away the most popular latin rock fusion of the late 1960s to the early 2000s. "Santana" has sold more than 90 million records worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling groups of all time.

In 1969, after the release of the debut album by "Santana", Latin rock appeared in the US and other parts of the world. The band's musical style is a fusion of Latin American and Caribbean rhythms, soul, jazz, funk, blues, psychedelia and rhythm and blues based on rock music.

Equally important to their success was the use of English lyrics. In the United States of fifty years ago, to sing in Spanish was to limit the audience to Puerto Rican, Mexican and Cuban immigrants. To sing in English was to open up the chance of really wide popularity.

New York City Hall

New York City Hall is located at the center of City Hall Park in the Civic Center area of Lower Manhattan. The building is the oldest city hall in the United States that still houses its original governmental functions. It has the office of the Mayor of New York City and the chambers of the New York City Council. While the Mayor's Office is in the building, the staff of thirteen municipal agencies under mayoral control are located in the nearby Manhattan Municipal Building.

It was built from 1810 to 1812. The New York City Hall is a National Historic Landmark. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Both the outside (1966) and the inside of the building (1976) are designated New York City landmarks.

Gateway drug theory

Gateway drug theory is the idea that once a person uses one illegal drug, they are more likely to use other drugs. It is also called stepping-stone theory, escalation hypothesis, or progression hypothesis.

If the gateway theory is true, people who use one drug may be more likely to use other drugs because:

The gateway theory helps shape education and lawmaking about drugs. Scientific study of the possible causes of the gateway theory is important for health policy.

Kavaratti

Kavaratti is a town and is the capital of Lakshadweep in India. It is also the name for the atoll on which the town stands. It is well known for its sandy beaches and calm lagoons. This makes it a popular tourist destination.

Jnaneswari Express train derailment

The Jnaneshwari Express derailed on 28 May 2010 in West Midnapore district, West Bengal. It is believed that the track was bombed or sabotaged, damaging it.

At that time The Communist Party of India (Maoist) arranged a four-day bandh in that area. State police said that the track of length about 46 cm was removed by the Maoist-Naxalites. At 1:30pm Jnaneshwari Super Deluxe Express train with 13 carriages which was travelling from Howrah to Mumbai derailed.

At least 148 people were killed and over 200 others were injured. Compensation was announced Rs.5Lakhs for the family of the people who were killed.

2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck

The 2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck was the largest single rail disaster in history (by death toll). It was caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.

Train #50, the "Matara Express," also known as the "Queen of the Sea" line, was a regular train between the Sri Lankan capital Colombo and Matara. The train, overcrowded with 1800+ passengers, left Colombo on 26 December 2004.

At 9:30 am in the village of Peraliya gigantic waves arrived at the beach. The first wave flooded the carriages and caused panic among the passengers. The next wave arrived after 10 minutes. It was huge and washed away the train and smashed it against trees and houses which were nearby.

The huge waves of tsunami destroyed the train and only 150 passengers out of more than 1800 survived. About 1700 were reported dead, even though only 900 bodies were recovered. The Sri Lankan authorities did not know where the train was washed to. After 4 pm, Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa's helicopter identified it. Even though there were rescue operations not more than 150 people survived and the village was also washed away by the waves.

Charlottetown Conference

The Charlottetown Conference was a conference about the Canadian Confederation. The representatives of the unions in British North America were present at the conference. The meeting took place in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island from September 1st to September 9th 1864.

The purpose of the conference was to discuss the future of the maritime provinces in what later became Canada. The maritime provinces were Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland.

National Anthem of Saudi Arabia

The national anthem of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (), which can be known by its incipit "Hasten!" (), was first adopted in 1950. A few years before, this song was a present given by the Fâruq of Egypt to King Abdulaziz when he visited Egypt. It was composed by Abdol-Raħman al-Xaṭib, which was then rearranged by Serâġ Omar. Later in 1984, ‘Ebrâhim Xafâġi wrote the lyrics to the song; in the same year, the anthem was officially readopted with the lyrics.

Agave nectar

Agave nectar (also called agave syrup) is a sweetener produced from several species of agave, including blue agave ("Agave tequilana)". Agave syrup is sweeter than honey and tends to be less viscous. Most agave syrup comes from Mexico and South Africa.

Chuvash language

Chuvash (, "Čăvašla"; ) is a Turkic language. It is spoken in Chuvashia, a part of central Russia. It is the only language from the Oghur branch of the Turkic languages that is still spoken today. Though many Turkic languages can be understood by different speakers, Chuvash is quite different.

Chuvash is written using the Cyrillic script. Its alphabet has all of the letters of the Russian alphabet and adds four letters of its own: Ӑ, Ӗ, Ҫ and Ӳ.


Playback singer

A playback singer is a singer whose singing is pre-recorded for use in movies. Playback singers record songs for soundtracks. The actors or actresses lip-sync the songs for cameras. The actual singer does not appear on screen.

South Asian movies produced in the Indian subcontinent are particularly known for using this technique. A majority of Indian movies as well as Pakistani movies typically include six or seven songs. Popular playback singers in India enjoy the same status as popular actors. Most of the playback singers are initially trained in classical music. Mohammed Rafi and Ahmed Rushdi are regarded as two of the most influential playback singers in South Asia.

AQ

AQ, Aq, aQ, or aq may refer to:


Tuvalu mo te Atua

"Tuvalu mo te Atua" (; "Tuvalu for the Almighty") is the national anthem of Tuvalu. The words and music are by Afaese Manoa.

Bihar train derailment

On June 6, 1981, a train crashed in Bihar, India. It was carrying more than 800 passengers, traveling between Mansi railway station and Saharsa railway station. It derailed and fell into the River Bagmati while it was crossing the bridge over the river. 

Five days after the accident only 200 out of 800 passengers had been recovered as dead bodies with hundreds more people missing. The missing passengers were thought to have been washed away by the River Bagmati. Total deaths were listed as 500-800. This derailment stands in 4th place in the worst railway accidents by death toll in the world.

Many reasons were given for this railway derailment accident. They were:

Snitch

Snitch may refer to:



Firozabad rail disaster

Firozabad rail disaster is the second most worst rail accident in India after the Bihar train derailment. It occurred on 20 August 1995 near Firozabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.

The crash happened at 02:55 when a passenger train named Kalindi Express from Kanpur Railway station collided with Purushottam Express from Puri. At first the Kalindi Express from Kanpur Railway station struck a cow but was unable to proceed further as its brakes were damaged. Next the Purushottam Express from Puri struck the Kalindi Express behind with a speed of 70 kph. 

The last three carriages of the Kalindi Express and two carriages along with the engine of Purushottam Express were destroyed. About 358 passengers were killed. 

Gordon Welchman

William Gordon Welchman (15 June 1906, Bristol – 8 October 1985, Newburyport, Massachusetts) was a Second World War codebreaker at Bletchley Park. He was a British mathematician, university professor, and author.

After the war he moved to the US, and later took American citizenship.

Welchman was one of four early recruits to Bletchley park (the others being Alan Turing, Hugh Alexander and Stuart Milner-Barry). They were also the four signatories to the letter to Winston Churchill in October 1941, asking for more resources for the code-breaking work at Bletchley Park. Churchill responded with one of his 'Action This Day' written comments.

Welchman's main work at Bletchley was "traffic analysis" of encrypted German communications. This is, first, looking for an increase in signals. Major events in warfare are signalled in advance by a huge increase in messages. Second, there are standardized parts of a message, such as message origination, message destination, time/date information, and so on. These are much easier to decipher than the actual message content. Welchman developed this approach. Today we describe this as "metadata" analysis.

Welchman helped improve Alan Turing's design of the Polish electromechanical Enigma-cipher-breaking machine, the bombe. Welchman's 'diagonal board', made the device much more efficient in the attack on the ciphers of the German Enigma machine. Bombes became the main mechanical aid in breaking Enigma ciphers during the war. They speeded up the search for current wheel order settings being used with the Enigma machines. The settings were changed often, initially at least once per day.

Welchman was initially head of Hut Six, the section at Bletchley Park responsible for breaking German Army and Air Force Enigma ciphers. During his time at Bletchley, Welchman opposed engineer Tommy Flowers' efforts on the Colossus computer (the world's first programmable electronic computer) because Colossus used vacuum tubes.

In 1943, he became Assistant Director in charge of mechanisation and also had responsibility for cryptographic liaison with the US.

Welchman moved to the United States in 1948 where he taught the first computer course at MIT in the United States. He followed this by employment with Remington Rand and Ferranti. Welchman became a naturalised American citizen in 1962. In that year, he joined the MITRE Corporation, working on secure communications systems for the US military. He retired in 1971 but was retained as a consultant.

In 1982 his book "The Hut Six Story" was published, initially by McGraw-Hill in the US and by Allen Lane in Britain. The British Secret Service objected, and so did the National Security Agency. The book was not banned but Welchman lost his security clearance (and therefore his consultancy with MITRE). He was forbidden to discuss with the media either the book or his wartime work.

Welchman died in 1985; his final conclusions and corrections to the story of wartime code breaking were published posthumously in 1986 in the paper 'From Polish Bomba to British Bombe: the birth of Ultra' in "Intelligence & National Security", Vol 1, No l. The entire paper was included in the revised edition of "The Hut Six Story" published in 1997 by M & M Baldwin.

Accession

Accession is the attainment or acquisition of a position of rank or power, typically that of monarch or president. Eg."the queen's accession to the throne". 

Accession day is a celebration. It is usually the anniversary of when a monarch takes office. The earliest record of accession celebrations are from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Accession is not the same as coronation or inauguration. Coronation and inauguration are both ceremonies which take place after the accession.

Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision

Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision occurred on 12 November 1996 over the village of Charkhi Dadri in Haryana, India. The collision happened between Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B from Delhi to Dhahran(Saudi Arabia) and Kazakhstan Airlines Illyushin II-76 from Chimkent, Kazakhstan to Delhi. The collision caused 349 fatalities and 0 survivors. 
SVA763 (Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B) departed from Delhi International Airport to Dhahran at 18:35. KZA1907 (Kazakhstan Airlines Illyushin II-76) was descending to Delhi airport at the same time. Both flights were controlled by VK Dutta. KZA1907 was cleared to descend 15,000 feet altitude, whereas SVA763 was cleared to climb to 14,000feet. After 8 min, KZA1907 reported that they reached 15000 ft altitude, but they were descending to 14,500 ft at that time and were continuing the descent.
Not noticing it, soon the KZA1907's tail cut through SVA763's left wing. SVA763 lost control and hit the ground at 1135 kmph. The Ilyushin remained structurally intact as it went in a steady but fast and uncontrolled descent until it crashed in a field. In the end, all 312 people on board SVA763 and all 37 people on KZA1907 were killed.
The collision took place about west of Delhi. The wreckage of the Saudi aircraft crashed near Dhani village, Bhiwani District, Haryana. The wreckage of the Kazakh aircraft hit the ground near Birohar village, Rohtak District, Haryana.

The crash was investigated by the Lahoti Commission, headed by then-Delhi High Court judge Ramesh Chandra Lahoti. The flight data recorders were decoded by Kazakhstan Airlines and Saudi Airlines under the supervision of air crash investigators in Moscow and Farnborough, England, respectively.
The commission determined that the accident had been the fault of the Kazakh Il-76 commander, who had descended from the assigned altitude of and subsequently and even lower. The report says that the cause of this serious problem in operating procedure was due to the lack of English language skills on the part of the Kazakh aircraft pilots; they were dependent entirely on their radio operator for communications with the ATC.

Just a few seconds from impact, the Kazakh plane climbed slightly and the two planes collided. This was because the radio operator of Kazakhstan 1907 discovered only then that they were not at 15,000 feet and asked the pilot to climb.The tail of the Kazakh plane clipped the left wing of the Saudi jet, severing both parts from their respective planes.

The disaster was again the subject of an episode in the documentary series "Mayday (TV series)" on 2 March 2009 entitled "Sight Unseen", in a wide-screen format with sophisticated computer animations on National Geographic Channel.

Church of the Company Fire

Church of the Company Fire is the largest fire accident ever by death toll in the world. It occurred on 1863 December 8 in Santiago, Chile. About 2000 to 3000 people are said to have been killed in the fire accident.

Church of the Company of Jesus was a Jesuit church located in Santiago, Chile.The day of the fire was the celebration of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception. The fire started at 7 P.M. when an oil lamp had ignited the place and it caught fire. About 2000-3000 people inside the church got roasted.

The cleanup of the bodies took about ten days, and since most of the bodies were burned beyond recognition, they were placed in a mass grave at the Cementerio General de Santiago. A Santiago newspaper printed the names of over 2,000 known victims, and the same paper also printed a list of the objects saved by the priests and their value, which led to public outcry against the priests who had saved valuable objects but not people.

The tragedy, and the fact that one of the contributing factors was the lack of an organized fire-brigade, motivated José Luis Claro y Cruz to organize the first Volunteer Firemen's Corps in Santiago, on December 20 of the same year. Fire brigades in Chile, even today, are still made up only of unpaid volunteers. New fire regulations also resulted, and the tragedy contributed to the partial secularization of Chilean government over the next two decades.

1931 China floods

The 1931 China floods or the 1931 Yellow River Floods were a series of floods that occurred in China in the year 1931. It is the most deadly natural disaster by death toll. About 1,000,000-3.7 million people were said to be dead in this series of floods.

In the period of 1928-30 China faced a severe drought. Due to some abnormal weather conditions heavy snowstorms and heavy rainfall occurred in parts of central China. The water levels increased in the rivers. The rain grew heavier in July and August in 1931. China faced nine cyclones in July 1931 alone.

Chinese sources say 1,000,000 died due to the overflow of the Yangtze River. Western sources say a death toll of 3.7 million-4 million people. In July alone, four weather stations along the Yangtze River reported rain totaling over for the month.

The Yangtze and Huai River floods soon reached Nanjing, the capital of China at the time. The city, located on an island in a massive flood zone, suffered catastrophic damage. Millions died of drowning while some died due to starvation, from waterborne diseases such as cholera and typhus. The high-water mark was reached on 19 August at Hankou town in Wuhan, with the water level exceeding above normal. On the evening of 25 August 1931, the water rushing through the Grand Canal washed away dikes near Gaoyou Lake. Some 200,000 people drowned in their sleep in the resulting deluge.

Trans-Siberian Orchestra

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is an American progressive rock group. They were founded around 1996. They became popular around 1999. This was when they began touring with their second studio album, "The Christmas Attic".

Both "Billboard Magazine" and "Pollstar" ranked them as one of the top ticket-selling groups in the first decade of the new millennium.

Great Chinese Famine

Great Chinese Famine was a great famine in China from 1958 to 1961. Drought, poor weather and some of the policies of the Communist Party of China were among the reasons of the three years of famine. This also further resulted in the Great Leap Forward movement.

According to the government's statistics the total death toll is 15 million people. Historian Frank Dikotter, having been granted special access to Chinese archival materials, estimates that there were at least 45 million premature deaths from 1958 to 1962, although far from all these deaths came about as a result of starvation.

Chinese journalist Yang Jisheng concluded there were 36 million deaths due to starvation, while another 40 million others failed to be born, so that "China's total population loss during the Great Famine then comes to 76 million.

The Great Chinese Famine was caused by a combination of adverse weather conditions, social pressure, economic mismanagement, and radical changes in agriculture imposed by government regulations.

Mao Zedong, chairman of the Chinese communist party, introduced drastic changes in farming which prohibited farm ownership. Failure to abide by the policies led to persecution. The social pressure imposed on the citizens in terms of farming and business, which the government controlled, led to state instability. Owing to the laws passed during the period and Great Leap Forward during 1958–1962, according to government statistics, about 36 million people died in this period.

Confederate States Navy

The Navy of the Confederate States (CSN) was the Navy of the Confederate States of America. After the Confederacy established itself in 1861, the elected president, Jefferson Davis appointed Stephen Mallory as his Secretary of the Confederate Navy. At the time the South had no ships capable of challenging the United States Navy's frigates. It did not have the shipbuilding capability or the raw materials necessary to build a navy. While they had limited resources, and did not have the firepower of the Union Navy, they developed a number of technologies. The Confederates developed naval mines, ironclad techniques and managed to sink a Union warship with a working submarine. 

The Republican Party, led by Abraham Lincoln, won the 1860 presidential election. Southerners were outraged by the election of Lincoln, who opposed slavery in territories and new states. After the election seven Southern states seceded and declared their independence from the Union. They formed the Confederate States of America, even before Lincoln became president on March 4, 1861. The outgoing U.S. president, James Buchanan, said this was against the law, but did nothing to stop them. Lincoln and his Republican party treated this secession as a rebellion.

Fighting started when the Confederates bombarded Fort Sumter, a Union Army fort. Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers for a period of 90 days. He also set up a blockade of the Southern coast and ports. Lincoln had no more than 40 usable warships and needed to start building up his Navy. This was to prevent the South from exporting its cotton and importing the war materials they needed to wage war. The North also needed to develop a fleet of gunboats for a "brown-water navy". This was to support the Union Army in operations around major rivers like the Mississippi.

In 1861, Virginia joined the Confederate States of America. Fearing that the Confederacy would take control of the facility, the shipyard commander Charles Stewart McCauley ordered the burning of the shipyard. At the time it was called the Gosport Navy Yard. Despite conflicting orders from the Secretary of the Navy, the resignation of many of his officers, and most of his yard workers leaving, his remaining men began destroying the shipyard. Ships that could not leave on their own were burned. This included the Union warship "USS "Merrimack"". Finally the two men who were placing explosives to blow up the dry dock were captured before they could finish their work. The Confederates were able to repair Gosport and make it a working shipyard again.

The capture of the shipyard allowed a tremendous amount of war material to fall into Confederate hands. In all, 1,195 heavy guns were taken and used by the Confederacy. They were used in many areas from Hampton Roads all the way to Fort Donelson Tennessee. When they left the shipyard, the Union forces withdrew to Fort Monroe across Hampton Roads. This was the only land in the area which remained under Union control. 

In early 1862, the Confederate ironclad warship CSS "Virginia" was rebuilt using the burned-out hulk of the "USS Merimack". In the haste to abandon the shipyard, the "Merrimack" had only been destroyed above the waterline. The Confederates built an armored superstructure over the burned out hull. In March and April of 1862 the Confederate ironclad came close to upsetting the Union Navy's superiority. At Hampton Roads, the "Virginia" began sinking the blockading Union warships almost at will. The fleet was saved by the arrival of the Union ironclad "USS Monitor" which engaged the Virginia at the Battle of Hampton Roads. But after hours of fighting neither ship was able to defeat the other. Both ships left the fight claiming the victory. But the Confederates failed to break the blockade. When Norfolk fell in May 1862, the CSS "Virginia" was destroyed by its crew so it wouldn't be captured. The Confederate Navy had two more ironclads under construction. But before they could be completed the Union fleet captured the port and city of New Orleans where they were being built.

The Confederate Navy realized the Union Navy had more ships, guns and men they had with their limited resources. This called for a change in strategy. First, they would build forts to guard their key rivers and ports. They would build gunboats to assist this effort. Secondly, the South set up a fleet of naval vessels to attack Union merchant ships at sea. They also commissioned privateers to help with this effort.

This was not a new concept. The Americans had been successful using commerce raiding against British merchant ships during the American Revolutionary War. Outgunned by the Union Navy they realized building lighter and faster cruisers would allow them to outrun the larger warships and go after the slower and usually unarmed merchant ships. Because the South had little shipbuilding capacity, they had these ships built in Great Britain. This was technically illegal, since Great Britain was a neutral country. So these ships had to be built in secret.
Some the more successful and famous of the Confederate commerce raiders were:





The Confederacy also issued a Letter of marque to any private ship captain who wanted to make a profit raiding United States merchant vessels. At first the risk was low and they kept the ship and its cargo much the same as pirates did. The owner and crew divided up the large profits. They avoided doing battle with Union warships and were usually fast enough to outrun them.

There was only one problem with the scheme. In the Paris Declaration Respecting Maritime Law signed in 1865, privateering was outlawed. All privateers were considered pirates and were subject to the death penalty when they were captured. Even though the United States had not signed the agreement, President Lincoln declared Confederate privateers were pirates and pirates were subject to death. This didn't stop a number of enterprising Southerners from outfitting a ship and getting involved in piracy on the high seas. One of the first ships seized actually hurt the South. It was a cargo of fruit going to the port of New Orleans.

Soon the illegal privateers were taking cargo ships in the Gulf of Mexico and all up and down the East Coast of the United States. An early Union victory was the capture of the "CSS Savannah" which had just been out to sea two days. The crew quickly found themselves on trial for piracy. The Confederacy threatened to hang captured Northern seamen if the crew was executed. In the end, the Union court dropped the charges of piracy and held the crew as prisoners of war. The crew was later traded in a prisoner exchange.

A modern torpedo is a cigar-shaped, self-propelled, underwater explosive device designed to destroy another ship or submarine. During the Civil War, what was then called a torpedo would be best described as a naval mine.Confederate president Davis was opposed to their use. He thought they were cowardly weapons and it was unethical to use them against anyone. Despite Davis' objections, the Congress of the Confederate States passed a law authorizing rewards for anyone inventing new ways to blow up enemy vessels using submersibles and mines.

In St. Louis, Missouri Confederates were hiding explosives in the firewood used to fuel the boilers of Union steamships on the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. In 1861, Matthew Fontaine Maury first used mines as a weapon against enemy ships. In Virginia, his "infernal machines" made the James River almost completely impassible. 

Another invention was the coal torpedo. Disguised to look like a lump of coal it exploded when shoveled into a boiler. Another invention was called the "horological torpedo". It had a timer that allowed a delay in the explosion. They also developed better fuses and more powerful explosives. 

Underwater mines were used by both sides. The Confederacy had more success. In 1862 Confederate mines sank the Union ironclad, the USS Cairo. The destroyed or damaged dozens more Union ships while Union torpedo mines sank only about six Confederate naval ships.

The Confederate secretary of war, James Seddon, decided to issue rules that "passenger vessels of citizens of the United States on the high seas and private property on the water and [on] railroads or within the territory of the United States … not be subject of operations." But he added, "The public property of the enemy may be destroyed wherever it may be found." Seddon hired up to 25 secret agents to place torpedoes and explosives wherever they could across the Confederacy.

Known as the "Singer Secret Service Corps" and Singer's Torpedo Company", they were a group of middle age Freemasons from a wide variety of backgrounds. They developed and used inventions such as torpedo boats, underwater mines and submarines during the last two years of the war. Some of these inventions had never been seen before while others were advancements on earlier designs. One of their main weapons was patented by Edgar C. Singer, the underwater contact mine. It contained of black powder. They used up to seven different types of mines, torpedos, torpedo boats, and submarines. 
They built the submersible "H. L. Hunley". This submarine destroyed the Union warship "USS Housatonic" by ramming it with a torpedo mounted on a pole. 

From their headquarters in the Spotswood Hotel in Richmond, Virginia, Singer and his agents set up secret workshops all over the South in coastal cities. During their two years of operations they blew up ships, trains, and railroad bridges killing a large number of people. Most of their missions were done at night close to Union patrol boats and sentries. Northern newspapers called Singer's inventions "infernal machines" and condemned their use as unchristian and assassinations of the worst kind. To cover up who they were and what they had done, their records were burned at the end of the war. They were constantly hunted as saboteurs and spies by Northern authorities. Admiral David Dixon Porter ordered that any of Singer's agents were caught with any of these inventions they were to be "shot on the spot". Names and descriptions of Singer's operatives were distributed by Union commanders. 

One group, under the notorious Henry Dillingham, was sent by Davis near the end of the war to occupied Kentucky and Missouri to destroy a key bridge and any federal transportation they could. They were known to use the "coal torpedos" and several sources say one was used to blow up the "Sultana" in April 1865. It was in the area Dillingham was operating in and it was ferrying ex-confederate prisoners of war at the time it was destroyed.



Joan Chen

Joan Chen (born April 26, 1961) is a Chinese-American actress, movie director and movie producer. She became famous for her performance in the Academy Award-winning 1987 movie "The Last Emperor". She also had a role in the 1990-1991 television series "Twin Peaks". Chen played Mrs. Yee in the 2007 award-winning erotic thriller "Lust, Caution".

Chen was born in Shanghai, China.

Sylvia Chang

Sylvia Chang (born 21 July 1953) is a Taiwanese movie director, actress, singer and producer. She began her career in the 1970s. She has acted in, directed and produced many movies.

Chang won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. Her movies have been accepted into movie festivals.

She was born in Chiayi City, Taiwan.

Azerbaijanfilm

Azerbaijanfilm () is an Azerbaijani state movie studio. It is located in the capital city Baku. They mainly make movies and sometimes documentaries.

"Azerbaijanfilm" started in 1920 as a photo-cinema department at the Azerbaijan SSR People's Commissariat (Government Ministry). In 1923 it was renamed to "Azerbaijani Photo-Cinema Office" (AFKI). There were several name changes, including "Azdovletkino" (1926–1930), "Azkino" (1930–1933), "Azfilm" (1933), "Azdovletkinosenaye" (1934), "Azerfilm" (1935–1940), and "Baku Cinema Studio" (1941–1959). In 1960 it became "Azerbaijanfilm" cinema studio named after Jafar Jabbarly.

Currently, "Azerbaijanfilm" is a part of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan.




Cognitive impairment

Cognitive impairment (also called cognitive deficit) is a condition in which mental functioning is not good. The term "cognitive impairment" may mean problems with intelligence, like intellectual disability (also called "mental deficiency"). It may also mean specific problems, such as learning disability, slow learning or dyslexia.

Cognitive impairment may be congenital or caused by environmental problems, such as brain injuries, neurological disorders or mental illness.

Borderline intelligence

Borderline intelligence (also called borderline intellectual functioning or borderline mental disability) is a category of intelligence in which a person has lower than normal mental ability. IQ levels are between 70 and 85. It is not as bad as intellectual disability (IQ 69 and under).

In school years, people with borderline intelligence are known as "slow learners".


X.509

In cryptography, X.509 is a common "PKI" (public key infrastructure) used to manage digital certificates and public-key encryption and a key part of the Transport Layer Security protocol used to secure web and email communication. X.509 specifies ways in which public key certificates, certificate revocation lists, attribute certificates, and a certification path validation algorithms are formatted.

2016 United States presidential election in Texas

The 2016 United States presidential election in Texas was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 1 March 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Texas has not voted for the Republican candidate since the 1980 election. Below is a list of predictions from credible news organizations:

The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 1 March 2016.



Profilage

Profilage is a French crime drama TV series. It was developed in 2009 by Fanny Robert and Sophie Lebarbier along with TF1.

The series focuses on Chloé Saint-Laurent ("Odile Vuillemin"), a criminologist who works at police department in Paris. To solve crimes she uses her own experiences and intelligence.


Vegas Golden Knights

The Vegas Golden Knights are a professional ice hockey team based in the Las Vegas metropolitan area and are owned by Bill Foley. The team started play in the 2017–18 NHL season as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL). In their very first season, they reached the Stanley Cup Finals where they lost to the Washington Capitals in five games, and five years later, they won their first Stanley Cup over the Florida Panthers in five games. This accomplishment was predicted by owner Bill Foley before the team had even been named.

After a successful vote on June 22, 2016, Las Vegas was officially approved to get an expansion team. They were allowed to begin playing in the 2017-2018 season. George McPhee was announced as the first general manager of the team. On November 22, 2016, it was revealed that the team name would be the Vegas Golden Knights. After the team paid their expansion fees on March 1, 2017, the Vegas Golden Knights were officially able to start operating. Gerard Gallant was announced as the teams first Head Coach on April 13, 2017.

On June 21, 2017, the Vegas Golden Knights participated in the 2017 NHL Expansion Draft at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. The Knights were able to select 1 player from each of the 30 teams in the NHL to join the Golden Knights. 

The Vegas Golden Knights played their first game on October 6th against the Dallas Stars. They won the game 2-1. The Golden Knights played their first home game at T-Mobile Arena on October 10, 2017 against the Arizona Coyotes. Before the game started, the team honoured the victims of the October 1 mass shooting that happened in Las Vegas just 9 days prior. The Golden Knights won the game 5-2. The Golden Knights had a very successful first season. The players on the Golden Knights played a lot better than people thought they would, so they got labelled as the "Golden Misfits". They won the Pacific Division with 109 points and made it to the playoffs.

The Golden Knights played against the LA Kings in the first round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs. The Golden Knights won the series 4-0. Golden Knights goalkeeper, Marc-Andre Fleury, had 2 shutouts and only let in 3 goals total during the 4 games. In the second round, the Golden Knights played against the San Jose Sharks. Fleury had another 2 shutouts and the Knights won the series after 6 games. The Golden Knights then played against the Winnipeg Jets in the Western Conference Finals. After losing game 1, the Golden Knights won 4 games in a row to beat the Jets.

The Golden Knights became the third team to ever make it to the Stanley Cup Finals in their first year. The only other teams to do it were the Toronto Arenas in 1918 and the St. Louis Blues in 1968. The Golden Knights ended up losing to the Washington Capitals in 5 games. 

During the off season, the Golden Knights fired head coach Pete DeBoer and hired Bruce Cassidy to take over. It was also announced that starting goaltender Robin Lehner would not be playing for the 2022-2023 season due to surgery. This led to the Golden Knights getting Adin Hill to be the backup goaltender to Logan Thompson (and eventually Laurent Brossoit). The Golden Knights had a very successful season despite injuries to Thompson, Hill, and Brossoit. Their captain, Mark Stone, also had injuries that forced him to sit out from mid January until April 18th. The Golden Knights finished the 2022-2023 season with a franchise record 111 points. They were first in the Western Conference and qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the 5th time in team history. 

In the first round of the Playoffs, the Golden Knights played against the Winnipeg Jets. After losing the first game in the series, the Golden Knights won 4 games in a row to win the series 4-1. With the Golden Knights moving on to the second round, they played against the Edmonton Oilers. During game 3 of the series, Brossoit – who was the Golden Knights starting goaltender at the time – got injured in the first period and Hill had to take over. Despite losing their starting goalie, the Golden Knights won the series in six games. The Western Conference Finals match up featured the Golden Knights vs. the Dallas Stars. The Golden Knights had a very strong start to the series, winning the first 3 games in a row. In the end, the Golden Knights won the series 4-2 to move on to the Stanley Cup Finals against the Florida Panthers.

On June 13, 2023, after a big 9-3 victory in game 5 of the finals, the Golden Knights won their first Stanley Cup just 6 seasons after the team was created. They defeated the Florida Panthers 4 games to 1. The Golden Knights are the fastest expansion team in the NHL to win the Stanley Cup, beating the last record of 7 years set by the Philadelphia Flyers in 1974.


Salgesch

Salgesch () is a municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Turtmann

Turtmann was a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Turtmann and Unterems merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Janjaweed

The Janjaweed are a militia that operate in Western Sudan and Eastern Chad. They are one of the main players in the Darfur conflict.

Unterems

Unterems (Walliser German: "Unneräms") was a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Unterems and Turtmann merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Turtmann-Unterems

Turtmann-Unterems is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Turtmann and Unterems merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Varen, Switzerland

Varen (Walliser German: "Faru"; ) is a municipality in Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is known as the birthplace of skier Brigitte Albrecht-Loretan.


Bovernier

Bovernier is a municipality of the district Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Septic shock

Septic shock is a medical condition which can result from sepsis. Sepsis is a special form of infection. With septic shock, the circulation of blood changes or stops. This makes septic shock a medical emergency, which is usually treated in intensive care. Between a quarter and half the people with the condition die.

Treatment is usually done in the following steps:

Caucasian

Caucasian might refer to:

Evan McMullin

David Evan McMullin (born on April 2, 1976) is a former CIA operations officer and independent presidential candidate. He ran for office as an independent in the 2016 United States presidential election. He calls himself a conservative alternative to the main presidential candidates. McMullin did not win any states in the election, but he performed well in Utah, where he got 20% of the popular vote.

McMullin was born on 2 April 1976 in Provo, Utah, to David McMullin and Lanie Bullard. At a young age, his family moved to a rural area outside of Seattle, Washington, where his father worked as a computer scientist and his mother sold bulk foods to neighbors from the family's garage.

He joined the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) after the September 11 attacks.

On 8 August 2016, McMullin announced that he would run as a candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election as an independent. He decided to run because he saw Donald Trump as being an unfit conservative candidate.

McMullin had the support of several anti-Trump Republican donors. McMullin's campaign was supported by some members of the "Never Trump" movement.

On 6 October, he named Mindy Finn to be his running mate.

His support in Utah mainly arrived after a 2005 audio recording in which Donald Trump was heard bragging in about making unwanted sexual advances on women.

After the 2016 campaign, McMullin became a strong critic of Trump and Putin. In a December 2016, op-ed, McMullin blasted Trump as a threat to American constitutional government, saying that the president-elect's actions were "consistent with the authoritarian playbook" and "undermined critical democratic norms including peaceful debate and transitions of power, commitment to truth, freedom from foreign interference and abstention from the use of executive power for political retribution."

To answer if there was any possibility of him running for Jason Chaffetz's seat in 2018, he said: "It is likely that I will seek public office again. That might be in 2018 or it might be sometime down the road, perhaps very far down the road. I genuinely just don't know yet. I'm very focused on things that I think need to be done ASAP and Mindy Finn and I, with our team at Stand Up Republic, advancing them now. It is possible that I will challenge Chaffetz or Senator Hatch, but there are a lot of factors that go into that decision." In the end, he did not run for either office.

On October 5, 2021, McMullin launched an independent campaign to unseat U.S. Senator Mike Lee in the 2022 election. He lost the election in November 2022.

Below is a table showing his performance in various states. He did not win any state, so subsequently, he did not win any electoral votes.

McMullin is against abortion. He also wants to overturn "Roe v. Wade". He said that we would want to reduce unintended pregnancies and promote adoption.

He believes in the "traditional marriage between a man and a woman," but "respects" the "Obergefell v. Hodges" decision (which allowed same-sex marriage nationwide) and wants to "move on" from the issue.

McMullin supports free trade, and believes that it has a lot of benefits. He supports NAFTA and the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership.

He also wants to reduce the corporate tax, individual income tax. and the estate tax.

He wants to cut some support of programs like Social Security, and raise the retirement age.

McMullin is one of the few conservatives in the United States who believes in climate change that is caused by humans. He said,"I do believe that the climate is changing, and I do believe that human activity is contributing to it. If I were president, I would increase investment in technologies that can help us limit and decrease our carbon emissions."

On immigration, McMullin supports more border security but not mass deportation.

McMullin supports the part of Obamacare that doesn't allow health insurance companies to deny coverage against people with preexisting conditions. However, he also said that "we also need to do better than ObamaCare."

McMullin admires foreign leaders like Benjamin Netanyahu and Shinzō Abe.

He believes that Donald Trump, the Republican candidate, has an "allegiance to Russian President Vladimir Putin." McMullin accused Putin of trying to destabilize European and North American countries "through fomenting discord between different racial groups, different ethnic groups and different religious groups."

McMullin supports keeping the Guantanamo Bay detention camp open and opposes the use of torture and has criticized Trump's support for it.


Bulgogi

Bulgogi is a Korean dish. It is usually made of grilled beef which has been soaked in sauce for a long time.

Bulgogi is believed to have come from Goguryeo, one of the three kingdoms of ancient Korea. It was called "Maekjeok" at first. In the Joseon dynasty, it was called "Neobiani" which means 'thinly spread'.

There are a lot of essential nutrients in bulgogi. In bulgogi, there are lots of lysine, which is an Essential amino acid. It help children's growth and development.

They

They is the third person plural pronoun in English, used to describe a subject. The object form is "them". "They" can be used for both people or objects. 

'They' can also be used for the singular third person if the gender of the person is unknown, or to purposely be ambiguous, or neither male nor female. Some people choose to use 'they' as their pronouns. Singular 'they' is conjugated the same way as the plural form, similar to the matching conjugations of the plural and singular 'you' in English. Singular 'they' is never used for objects, only people.

'They' can also be used to refer to a generic group of people, such as "In Britain, they celebrate Christmas in December".

Lençóis Maranhenses National Park

The Lençóis Maranhenses National Park (Parque Nacional dos Lençóis Maranhenses) is a national park in Maranhão, northeastern Brazil. 

It is an area with low, flat, occasionally flooded land, between large sand dunes. It is about . Despite abundant rain, it has almost no vegetation. 

With large, white, sweeping dunes, Lençóis Maranhenses looks like a typical desert, but in fact it is not one. Being just outside the Amazon Basin, the region gets a regular rainy season in first half of the year. When it rains, fresh water collects in the valleys between sand dunes. The water is prevented from sinking down by a layer of rock underneath the sand. This results in blue, green and black lagoons surrounded by the desert-like sand. The lagoons are at their fullest between July and September.

When the lagoons are full, they are interconnected to rivers such as the Rio Negro. From the river, large numbers of fish arrive. One species of fish, however, is resident. The wolf fish or tiger fish ("Hoplias malabaricus") stays dormant in the mud and moist areas after most of the water has evaporated, re-emerging during the next rainy season.

Military glider

Military gliders (a variation of the common glider) have been used by the military of various countries for carrying troops and heavy equipment into a war zone. They were used mainly during the Second World War. These aircraft with no engines were towed into the air and most of the way to their target by military transport planes. One of the most popular tow aircraft was the C-47 Skytrain or Dakota. They could also be towed by bombers. Military gliders do not soar. Once released from the tow craft near the front lines, they were to land on any convenient open terrain close to their target. 

They tried to landed with as little damage as possible to the cargo and crew as possible. But most landing zones (LZ) were far from ideal. The one-way nature of the missions meant that military gliders were treated as being disposable. This is why they were made from common and inexpensive materials such as wood. They were unarmored, fragile, aircraft with crude steering and no brakes. This is why a large number of them crashed on landing. Troops landing by glider were referred to as airborne infantry. Pilots called themselves "tow targets" while the soldiers referred to the gliders as "flying coffins." Casualties for some missions ran as high as 40%. 

Gilders had certain advantages, however. Paratroopers, soldiers landing by parachute, were usually spread over a large area. They could easily be separated from other paratroopers and from air-dropped equipment, such as vehicles and anti-tank guns. Gliders, on the other hand, could land troops and equipment precisely at the target landing area. Once released from the tow aircraft, military gliders were silent and difficult for the enemy to identify. Larger gliders were developed to land heavy equipment like anti-tank guns, anti-aircraft guns, small vehicles, such as jeeps, and also light tanks (e.g., the Tetrarch tank). This heavier equipment made glider forces much more capable. During World War II, the United States had about 6,000 trained glider pilots. Some were given a second chance to fly as glider pilots after failing to complete conventional aircraft training. The Soviets also experimented with ways to deliver light tanks by air, including the Antonov A-40, a gliding tank with detachable wings.

By the time of the Korean War, helicopters had largely replaced gliders. Helicopters have the advantage of being able to deliver and extract soldiers to and from the battlefield with more precision. Also, modern advances allow even light tanks to be dropped by parachute. Only special forces use gliders for silent, small-scale insertion today.

Freedom of Information Act 2000

The Freedom of Information Act 2000 was introduced by the British Government in the year 2000.

The Act creates a general right of access, on request, to information held by public authorities. That means any member of the public may demand that withheld information about them is released to them. 

About 120,000 requests are made each year. Private citizens made 60% of them, with businesses and journalists accounting for 20% and 10% respectively. The Act cost £35.5 million in 2005.

Although there are some groups which are exceptions to the Act, it covers over 19,000 authorities. 

Cannabis (drug)

Cannabis, also known as marijuana, weed, sativa, and indica (as well as other names) is a psychoactive drug from the "Cannabis" plant used for medical or recreational purposes. (in legalized states). The main psychoactive part of cannabis is tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), one of the 483 known compounds in the plant, including at least 65 other cannabinoids, which are chemicals only found in Cannabis. Cannabis can be used by smoking, vaporizing, within food, or as an extract.

Cannabis is mostly used recreationally or medically although like other psychoactive drugs it may also be used for spiritual purposes. In 2013, between 128 and 232 million people used cannabis (2.7% to 4.9% of the global population between the ages of 15 and 65). It is the most commonly used illegal drug in the world, though it is legal in some jurisdictions, with the highest use among adults () in Zambia, the United States, Canada, and Nigeria. Recently many states have begun to legalize cannabis for recreational use. Marijuana is becoming more widely used. 

Marijuana plants are grouped into 3 categories: Sativa, Indica, and Hybrid. A hybrid is a combination of Sativa and Indica. Sativa is an upper strand whilst indica is a downer. These 3 categories are then divided and categorized more into different strains. Strains are minor differences in how you feel when you use Cannabis. Some of the most famous and well-known strains of marijuana are: Acapulco Gold, Gelato, Grape Ape, White Widow, Purple Haze, Skunk and G13.

Draguignan

Draguignan () is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeastern France.

It is a subprefecture of the department.

Draguignan became the prefecture of the Var in 1797, at the beginning of the French Revolution. This was even if the town was not the biggest city in the department. It remained as the prefecture until 1974 when it was moved to Toulon.

The city is at the foot of the Malmont mountain, in a valley that is about long, from northwest to southeast. The Nartuby, a tributary of the Argens river, flows to the west of the city.

Draguignan has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Draguignan is surrounded by the "communes" Saint-Rémy, Maleville, La Bastide-l'Évêque, Morlhon-le-Haut, Sanvensa, La Rouquette, Savignac and Toulonjac.

The climate of Draguignan, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csb - Mediterranean climate with template summers.

With a population in 2013 of 39,174, Draguignan has a population density is of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Draguignan are known, in French, as "Dracenois" (women: "Dracenoises").

Draguignan is twinned with:



The Conquest of Malacca (epic poem)

The Conquest of Malacca ("Malaca conquistada") is an epic poem by Portuguese poet Francisco de Sá de Meneses.

"The Conquest of Malacca" is an epic poem. It was published in 1634. It is one of the more noted Portuguese poem of the 17th century.

Francisco de Sá de Meneses was a poet of Baroque. He was born about 1600 and died in 1664.

The poem is written in ottava rima (oitava-rima in Portuguese). In other words it is composed of stanzas of eight lines, rhymed abababcc. The same strophe was used earlier by Luís de Camões in "The Lusiads".

The poem by Francisco de Sá de Meneses tells about the batles of Malacca. The battle was fought in 1511. Portuguese forces, led by Afonso de Albuquerque, the governor of India, seized the city of Malacca. The city was a strong fortress. It controlled the strait of Malacca, which was the way to China.

The poem was translated into English by Edgar C. Knowlton, Jr. The book was published by University of Malaya Press in Kuala Lumpur in 1970.


Bielski partisans

The Bielski partisans were a group of Jewish partisans (an irregular military group) who fought against the Nazis during World War II. They rescued Jews from extermination. They fought against the Nazis, who had taken over Poland. They also fought against people who cooperated with the Nazis. They lived and fought around Nowogródek (Navahrudak) and Lida in Poland (now western Belarus). They were named after the Bielskis, a family of Polish Jews who led the group.

Under the Bielski partisans' protection, 1,236 Jews survived the war. This was one of many remarkable rescue missions in the Holocaust. The group spent more than two years living in the forests and was initially organised by members of the Bielski family.

The Bielski family were millers and grocers in Stankiewicze (Stankievichy) near Nowogródek. At the beginning of WWII, this area belonged to the Second Polish Republic. It was taken over by the Soviet Union in September 1939 (cf. Polish September Campaign and Soviet invasion of Poland) as part of an agreement between Nazi Germany and Josef Stalin's Soviet Union that they would not fight each other.

The Bielski family served as low-level administrators in the new government set up by the Soviets. This made many local Poles unhappy, because they saw the Soviets as occupiers.

On 22 June 1941, Nazi Germany began Operation Barbarossa and invaded the Soviet Union. Nowogródek became a Jewish ghetto. The Nazis took over and began their genocidal policies in Poland and Belarus.

The Bielski's parents and older family members were killed in the ghetto on 8 December 1941. The four Bielski brothers - Tuvia, Alexander (also known as "Zus"), Asael, and Aron Bielski - managed to escape to the nearby forest. Together with 13 neighbours from the ghetto, they formed their partisan combat group in the spring of 1942. Originally, about forty people were in the group, but it grew quickly.

The oldest brother, Tuvia, was the group's commander. Tuvia had served in the Polish Army from 1927 to 1929, rising to the rank of corporal. He had been interested in the Zionist youth movement. He sent people to sneak into the ghettos in the area, recruiting new members to join the group in the Naliboki Forest. Hundreds of men, women and children eventually found their way to the Bielski camp. At its largest, 1,236 people belonged to the group. Seven out of every ten members were women, children, or elderly. No one was turned away. About 150 group members used weapons to fight the Nazis and the people who cooperated with them.

The partisans lived in underground dugouts (zemlyankas) or bunkers. In their forest camp, they built many things, including:

Members of the group did many different jobs. For example:

The group also set up a school in one of the dugouts. The camp even had its own jail and court of law.

Some accounts say that poor members of the group were not treated as well as richer members.

The Bielski group's partisan activities were aimed at the Germans and their collaborators (people who cooperated with the Nazis, like Belarusian volunteer policemen or local residents who had betrayed or killed Jews). The group also used sabotage to fight the Nazis. The Nazi regime offered a reward of 100,000 Reichsmarks to anyone who could help them catch Tuvia Bielski. In 1943, the Nazis led major efforts to get rid of all partisan groups in the area. Some of these groups suffered major casualties, but the Bielski partisans fled safely to a deeper part of the forest, and continued to offer protection to the non-fighters among their band.

Like other partisan groups in the area, the Bielski group would raid nearby villages and force people to give them food. Sometimes, peasants who refused to share their food with the partisans were attacked or even murdered. This made many of the peasants in the villages angry at the Bielski partisans, though some would willingly help the Jewish partisans.

The Bielski partisans eventually teamed up with Soviet groups around the Naliboki Forest under General Platon (Vasily Yefimovich Chernyshev). Soviet commanders tried several times to get Bielski fighters to join their units, but they refused. Tuvia continued to command the Bielski partisans. This allowed him to continue in his mission to protect Jewish lives along with engaging in combat activity. However, it would also cause problems later on.

The Bielski partisan leaders split the group into two units, one named "Ordzhonikidze", led by Zus, and the other "Kalinin", commanded by Tuvia. Fighting on the Soviet side, they took part in fights between Polish and Soviet forces. On 1 December 1943, they helped the Soviets disarm a group of Polish partisans. According to records kept by the partisans, the Bielski fighters from both units claimed to have killed a total of 381 enemy fighters, sometimes during joint actions with Soviet groups.

In the summer of 1944, the Soviets began to fight back against the Nazi occupiers in Belarus, and took over the area. At this point, the "Kalinin" unit, which included 1,230 men, women and children, came out of the forest and marched into Novogrodek.

Even though they have previously worked and cooperated with the Soviets, relations between the Soviets and the Bielski partisans got worse quickly. The NKVD started interrogating the Bielski brothers about the rumours of loot they had reportedly collected during the war, and about their failure to "implement socialist ideals in the camp". Asael Bielski was conscripted into the Soviet Red Army and fell in the Battle of Königsberg in 1945. The remaining brothers escaped Soviet-controlled lands, emigrating to the West. Tuvia's cousin, Yehuda Bielski, was sought by the NKVD for having been an officer in the pre-war Polish Army. However, with Tuvia's help, he managed to escape to Hungary, then to Israel.

After the war, Tuvia Bielski returned to Poland, then emigrated to present-day Israel in 1945. Tuvia and Zus eventually settled in New York, where they ran a successful trucking business. When Tuvia died in 1987, he was buried in Long Island, New York. However, a year later, surviving partisans in Israel got his body to be exhumed (taken out of the ground). He was given a hero's funeral at Har Hamenuchot, the hillside graveyard in Jerusalem. His wife, Lilka, was buried beside him in 2001.

The last living Bielski brother, Aron Bielski, emigrated to the US in 1951. He changed his name to "Aron Bell." The remainder of the Bell family now lives in upstate New York and California. Aron lives in Florida. None of the Bielskis ever sought any praise or reward for their actions.

Yehuda Bielski, their first cousin and fellow partisan, moved to Israel to fight in the Irgun.

Stankiewicze (Stankevichi) no longer exists. It was at , just off Route P11, approximately halfway between Biarozauka and Navahrudak.

Some of the members of the Bielski partisans (but not the Bielski brothers themselves) have been accused of war crimes in the villages near them. In particular, Bielski partisans have been accused of being involved in the 1943 Naliboki massacre of 129 people, committed by Soviet partisans. Some witnesses and some historians say that members of the Bielskis' unit were at the massacre. However, former group members and other historians say this is not true. They say that the partisans did not arrive in the area until several months later.

The Polish Institute of National Remembrance has been investigating the massacre since the early 2000s. As of April 2009, it has not issued official findings. However, some historians working at the Institute have written in other publications that the Bielski brothers had not been involved in the massacre.

Two recent English language books have focused on the Bielski story: "Defiance" (1993) by Nechama Tec, and "The Bielski Brothers" (2004) by Peter Duffy. The group is also mentioned in numerous books about this period in history. A new book (January 2009) in Polish by two reporters from Gazeta Wyborcza, "Odwet: Prawdziwa historia braci Bielskich" ("Revenge: The True Story of the Bielski Brothers") focuses on the larger political and historical context in which the partisans operated, specifically the fighting between Polish and Soviet resistance groups in the Kresy (former Eastern Poland) region. "Fugitives of the Forest: The Heroic Story of Jewish Resistance and Survival During the Second World War", by Allan Levine (first published 1998, 2008 reissue, by Lyons Press), tells the story of Jewish fighters and refugees in forests across Europe, including the Bielski partisans. "With Courage Shall We Fight: The Memoirs and Poetry of Holocaust Resistance Fighters Frances "Fruma" Gulkowich Berger and Murray “Motke” Berger" tells the story of two Bielski Brigade fighters before, during and after the War.

In 2006, the History Channel aired a documentary titled "The Bielski Brothers: Jerusalem in the Woods", written and directed by filmmaker Dean Ward.

An episode of the BBC series "Who Do You Think You Are?" featured UK television personality Natasha Kaplinsky discovering that her great uncle Ytsak Kaplinski was a member of the Bielski partisans. He survived the war and emigrated to South Africa.

The BBC series Ray Mears's "Extreme Survival" featured an episode about the Bielski partisans.

The feature film "Defiance", co-written, produced and directed by Edward Zwick, was released nationwide on 16 January 2009. It stars Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell, and George MacKay as Tuvia, Zus, Asael and Aron Bielski respectively. It opened to mixed reviews and raised questions about the roles various groups played during the war.





Roman dictator

A dictator was the senior magistrate of the Roman Republic. They were regularly appointed from the earliest period of the Republic down to the Second Punic War.

Dictators had the full authority of the state to deal with a military emergency or to undertake a specific duty. The right of the Tribune of the plebs to veto his actions was extremely limited. However, to prevent the dictatorship from threatening the state itself, limitations were placed on his powers. A dictator had a clear sphere of authority. He had to resign once his task was done, or after six months. 

After the Second Punic War, no dictators were appointed for over a century. Then the idea was revived by Sulla, and later by Caesar. Sulla was a tyrant, and Caesar was murdered soon after becoming dictator.

The office was formally abolished after the death of Caesar, and not revived under the Empire.

Vargas tragedy

Vargas tragedy is one of the worst disaster that struck the Venezuelan country's Vargas state on 15 December 1999. It was a result of heavy downpour of rain, flash floods and mudslides that followed on 14-16 December 1999 which killed 10,000*30,000 peoples.This disaster led to an complete collapse of the infrastructure of the state of Vargas.

Many towns were swept away to the ocean due to the floods.Whole towns like Cerro Grande and Carmen de Uria completely disappeared. As much as 10% of the population of Vargas perished during this event.The coastal area of Vargas has long been subject to mudslides and flooding: geologically similar catastrophes occurred with regularity. The most recent major flood was in 1951, however that event did not cause as much damage.

In a 52-hour span during 14, 15 and 16 December 1999, of rain (approximately one year's total rainfall for the region) was measured on the north-central coast of Venezuela at Simón Bolívar International Airport in Maiquetia, Venezuela. These heavy rains included of accumulation in just one hour, between 6 and 7 AM on the 16th; precipitation on both the 15th and 16th exceeded the 1,000-year probability rainfall event. Even so, the coast received much less rain than some regions upstream.

The disaster caused estimated damages of USD $1.79 to $3.5 billion. The death toll was considered to be between 10,000 and 30,000—the exact number of casualties is difficult to determine as there was no reliable census data, especially about shanty towns and small communities that were completely wiped out; moreover, only some 1,000 bodies were recovered, with the rest swept to sea by the mud or buried in the landslides. More than 8,000 homes and 700 apartment buildings were destroyed in Vargas displacing up to 75,000 people.

Charrat

Charrat was a municipality in Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Charrat became a part of Martigny.


Fully

Fully is a municipality in the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Isérables

Isérables is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Leytron

Leytron is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Leytron, Ovronnaz, Les Moulins, Produit, Montagnon, Les Places, Le Four, Dugny, Morthey and Lui Teise.


Martigny-Combe

Martigny-Combe is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Martigny-Croix, Le Brocard, Le Borgeaud, Les Rappes, La Fontaine, Le Cergneux, Le Fays, Le Sommet-des-Vignes and Ravoire.


Riddes

Riddes is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Viriato Trágico

Viriato Trágico is a long poem by Portuguese poet Brás Garcia de Mascarenhas (1596-1656).

Viriato Trágico is a heroic poem, one of the most important Portuguese poems of the 17th century. It consists of twenty books. It was first printed in 1699, many years after author's death.

The poem about Viriatus by Garcia de Mascarenhas is written in ottava rima (oitava rima in Portuguese). This strophe was very popular in Portugal in 17th century. It was introduced into Portuguese literature by Francisco de Sá de Miranda. After Luís de Camões used the strophe in The Lusiads all poets emloyed it in long works. The strophe consists of eight lines rhymed abababcc. The lines are composed of ten syllables each.

The poem tells about an ancient hero, Viriatus. He was a warrior from Lusitania (old Portugal). He was famous for his struggle for independence against the Romans. He was invincible in any battle. As the Romans could not defeat him in the open field, the decided to get rid of him by an unlawful deed. Viriatus was assasinated in his sleep.
He died, but his fame outlived the Roman empire.



Saillon

Saillon is a town and municipality in the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


SPQR

SPQR are the initials of a Latin phrase "Senātus Populusque Rōmānus". It means "The Senate and People of Rome". 

It refers to the government of the ancient Roman Republic. It is still used as an official emblem of the modern-day municipality of Rome. 

SPQR appears on Roman coins, at the end of documents made public by inscription in stone or metal, in dedications of monuments and public works, and on the flag (vexilloid) of the Roman legions.

The phrase appears in Roman political, legal and historical literature, such as the speeches of Cicero and "Ab Urbe Condita Libri" ("Books from the Founding of the City") of Livy.

The date of first use of SPQR is not known. It first appears in inscriptions of the later Republic, from about 80 BC onwards. It last appears on coins of Constantine the Great (ruled AD 312-337), the first Christian Roman emperor.

The signature continued in use under the Roman Empire. The emperors were considered the representatives of the people, although the decrees of the Senate were dictated by the wishes of the emperor.

Similar language in more modern political and social revolutions no doubt comes from this usage. During the Fascist regime of Benito Mussolini, SPQR was emblazoned on many public buildings in an attempt to promote his dictatorship as a "New Roman Empire"

The National Museum of Computing

The National Museum of Computing is a museum in the United Kingdom dedicated to collecting and restoring old computer systems. The museum is based at Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. It opened in 2007. The building — "Block H" — was built in 1944. At the end of World War II it housed six Colossus computers. It is the first computer centre in the world.

The museum has a rebuilt Colossus computer. It also has an exhibition of the most complex code cracking activities that were performed at Bletchley Park during World War II. More modern computers can be seen. They show the history of the development of computing from the 1940s to the present day. The museum tries to have these machines in working order.

Although located on the Bletchley Park "campus", The National Museum of Computing is an entirely separate charity. It receives no public funding. It relies on the generosity of donors and supporters. Tickets for admission to the museum are separate from those for the other museum on the site.

Day of the Dead

Day of the Dead () is a Mexican holiday celebrated in Mexico known around the world by the skull painting face. It is celebrated by people of Mexico living in other places, especially the United States. Family and friends gather for this multi-day holiday to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died while creating an Ofrenda. They do Ofrenda on a altar at home and also on the grave. It is also to help support their spiritual journey. In 2008, the tradition was inscribed in the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.

The origin of the day of the dead comes from a mix of culture. Aztec and Christian are the main influence of it. In some countries people use sugar skull painting for Halloween but it is not the same celebration. Everyone is welcomed to join in on the celebration, but nearly everyone in Mexico celebrates it. The Day of the Dead is a holiday celebrated all throughout Mexico. It is a day to celebrate, remember and prepare special foods in honor of those who have died. The traditional food is the bread of the dead (pan de muertos). People paint there faces to match Caleveras. The famous decoration is the skulls, Marigolds, and candles. People believe the spirit of the dead goes and visits their families from October 31 (aka Halloween) then leaves on November 2. The Day of the Dead is held every year on the of November in Mexico. This Mexican holiday is celebrated because families do it to honor their loved ones who have passed.

Betsy DeVos

Elisabeth "Betsy" DeVos (née Prince; born January 8, 1958) is an American billionaire businesswoman, philanthropist, and education activist from Michigan. She was the 11th United States Secretary of Education from February 7, 2017 to January 8, 2021. DeVos is known for her advocacy of school choice and voucher programs.

On November 23, 2016, it was announced that DeVos would be nominated to serve as Secretary of Education in the coming administration of President-elect Donald Trump. On February 7, 2017, she was confirmed by the United States Senate by a 50-50 vote with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie in her favor.

In January 2021, DeVos resigned from the Trump cabinet over the events of the storming of the United States Capitol.

DeVos was born Elisabeth Prince on January 8, 1958 in Holland, Michigan. She was educated at the Holland Christian High School, a private school in her home town of Holland, Michigan. She graduated from Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where she earned a bachelor's degree in business administration and political science.

DeVos is chairwoman of the Windquest Group, a privately held operating group that invests in technology, manufacturing, and clean energy. DeVos and her husband founded it in 1989.

Since 1982, DeVos has participated in the Michigan Republican Party. She served as a local precinct delegate. She was a Republican National Committeewoman for Michigan between 1992 and 1997, and served as chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1996 to 2000. DeVos resigned the position in 2000. She said in 2000, "It is clear I have never been a rubber stamp... I have been a fighter for the grassroots, and following is admittedly not my strong suit."

In 2003, DeVos ran again for party chairman and was elected to the post without opposition.

On November 23, 2016, it was announced that DeVos was President-elect Trump's choice to be the next United States Secretary of Education. Upon her nomination, DeVos said "I am honored to work with the President-elect on his vision to make American education great again. The "status quo" in ed is not acceptable".

Former presidential candidates Jeb Bush, Mitt Romney, and Carly Fiorina respectively called DeVos an "outstanding pick", a "smart choice", and the "transformative leader our students need". Republican Senator Ben Sasse said DeVos "has made a career out of standing up to powerful and connected special interests on behalf of poor kids who are too often forgotten by Washington." In an opinion editorial, "The Chicago Tribune" wrote that "DeVos has helped lead the national battle to expand education opportunities for children."

The confirmation hearing for DeVos was initially scheduled for January 10, 2017, but was delayed for one week after the Office of Government Ethics requested more time to review her financial disclosures. The confirmation hearing was later held on January 17.

On February 7, 2017, DeVos was confirmed by the Senate by a 51–50 margin, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie in favor of DeVos's nomination; it was the first time a vice president had done so for the appointment of a cabinet nominee.

Betsy DeVos and her family spend millions promoting education privatization schemes. Long before she became Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos used her family’s wealth to privatize public schools. She funds politicians who support voucher schemes. DeVos won confirmation despite 1.1 million letters and 80,000 phone calls from NEA supporters urging senators to vote no. Vice President Mike Pence cast the deciding vote, the first time in the nation’s history a vice president’s vote was necessary to approve a cabinet nominee.

On January 7, 2021, DeVos resigned from her job as Secretary of Education after the January 6 U.S. Capitol riots. She was the second cabinet member to resign following the storming, the first being the United States Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao.

DeVos is married to businessman and millionaire Dick DeVos. Together, they have four children and one grandchild. DeVos' father-in-law, Richard DeVos is the current owner of the Orlando Magic.


Orville Turnquest

Sir Orville Alton Turnquest (born 19 July 1929) is a retired Bahamian politician. He was the Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of the Bahamas from 1992 to 1994, and the fifth Governor-General of the Bahamas from 3 January 1994 until his retirement on 13 November 2001.

Turnquest was born in Grants Town, New Providence. He was educated at the University of London.

Ivy Dumont

Dame Ivy Leona Dumont, DCMG (born 2 October 1930) is a retired Bahamian politician. She was the sixth Governor-General of the Bahamas.

She was the first woman in the Bahamas to hold this office, from 1 January 2002 (on an acting basis since 13 November 2001) until 30 November 2004. She previously served as Education Minister from 1995 to 2001.


Luis García Meza

Luis García Meza Tejada (August 8, 1929 – April 29, 2018) was a former Bolivian dictator. In 1980, he led a military coup d'état on President Lidia Gueiler Tejada, his cousin. He later made himself president on 17 July 1980. He left office on 4 August 1981 after being exiled for human rights violations. Before becoming president, he worked closely with Bolivian president Hugo Banzer. 

García Meza died in La Paz on April 29, 2018, of a heart attack at the age of 88.

Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada

Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada Sánchez de Bustamante (born 1 July 1930), familiarly known as "Goni", is a Bolivian politician and businessman. He served as President of Bolivia for two non-consecutive terms from 6 August 1993 through 6 August 1997 and again from 6 August 2002 through his resignation on 17 October 2003. He is a lifelong member of the Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario (MNR).


I'll Be Missing You

I'll Be Missing You is a song performed by American rapper Puff Daddy and singer Faith Evans featuring 112. It was in memory of Christopher "The Notorious B.I.G." Wallace. He was killed in Los Angeles on March 9, 1997. It sampled the melody of The Police's Every Breath You Take song from the 1980s. As well as these artists, Sting (vocalist from The Police) joined in at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1997.





Hate groups in the United States

A hate group is a group that hates a specific group of people. For example, a hate group might hate everyone who belongs to a different ethnic group, religion, sex, and/or sexual orientation.

According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, as of 2015, there were 892 hate groups currently operating in the United States. Hate groups exist in every state.

According to the Southern Poverty Law Center:

There are many different types of hate groups. Of the 892 hate groups currently operating in the U.S.:

According to the Anti-Defamation League, as of 2015, 21,000,000 people in the United States admitted to having anti-Semitic attitudes. For example, 31% of people admitted that they think "Jews are more loyal to Israel than to [this country/the countries they live in].

SMS Posen

SMS Posen was a German battleship built in 1907 and launched in 1910. She had twelve 11 inch guns in six turrets.

The ship sailed during most of the First World War, in the North Sea. The main battle she was in was the Battle of Jutland where she hit another German ship which then sank. 

The ship served with her three sister ships for the majority of World War I. She saw extensive service in the North Sea, where she took part in several fleet sorties. These culminated in the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916, where "Posen" was heavily engaged in night-fighting against British light forces. In the confusion, the ship accidentally rammed the light cruiser SMS "Elbing", which suffered serious damage and was scuttled later in the night.

The ship also conducted several deployments to the Baltic Sea against the Russian Navy. In the first of these, "Posen" supported a German naval assault in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga. The ship was sent back to the Baltic in 1918 to support the White Finns in the Finnish Civil War. At the end of the war, "Posen" remained in Germany while the majority of the fleet was interned in Scapa Flow. In 1919, following the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow, she was ceded to the British as a replacement for the ships that had been sunk. She was then sent to ship-breakers in the Netherlands and scrapped in 1922.

Posen was 146 m long and 27 m wide. She weighed 18,873 tonnes. Her crew was 40 officers and 968 sailors, 1008 total. She had three coal engines and could go at 20 knots or 9600 miles at 12 knots.

Her guns were 28 cm wide and were in six twin turrets in a hexagon shape around the ship. She also had 15cm and 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns. She carried six torpedo which she could shoot out the front, back and sides. She had thick armour along both sides, 30cm thick in most places.

Posen was first ordered in 1906 as the Ersatz Baden. She started being built on 11 June 1907 in secret. She sailed for the first time in December 1908. She cost the German government 36,920,000 Marks.

She went to Wilhelmshavenin 1910 and sailed out of there for the next 4 years. In World War 1 she spent a lot of time in the North Sea, and sometimes going down to the Baltic sea to fight the Russian Navy. She was part of the Battle of Jutland, and in the fight she hit another German ship and made it sink.


No. 77 Squadron RAAF

No. 77 Squadron is a squadron in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). It flies out of RAAF Williamtown in New South Wales, Australia. It is part of No. 81 Wing and has F18 Hornet fighters. 

The squadron started at RAAF Pearce in Western Australia in 1942 during the Second World War, and fought in the Pacific Theatre with P40 Kittyhawks. After the war it got new P51 Mustangs and went to Japan. 

In 1950 it went to Korea to support the United Nations against North Korea. It got Meteor jets there and shot down five MiG 15s and 5,000 buildings and vehicles. 

When they went back to Australia in 1956 they got new Sabre jets. In 1958 they went to Malaya to help the Commonwealth there. They stayed there, looking after the country until 1969. Then they went back to Williamtown and got new Mirage jets, then F18 Hornets in 1987. It went to Afghanistan in 2001 and again in 2015. In 2021 it will get F35 Lightning fighters.

The squadron has F18 Hornets which they got in 1987. They look after an area of sky in New South Wales. 

Gautam

Gautam is a mythological Hindu sage (Rishi) and one of the seven Rishis. Hindu scriptures have named them as saptarishis, that is, the seven sages. The seven sages were Kashyapa, Atri, Vashitha, Vishvamitra, Gautam, Jamdagni, and Bharadvaja. According to Hindu mythology, these seven sages had become like divine beings. Ancient astrology of Hindus identified these seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great Bear. Their wives formed the Pleiades.

The Rig Veda has several 'hymns' that go with his name. Sage Gautam is one of the greatest amongst all Saptarshis (seven sages). He was the son of Rahugana. He married to Ahalya and had two sons Vamadeva and Nodhas both themselves discoverers of Mantras. Ramayan and Mahabharatha have references to Sage Gautam as he lived during these two Yugas.

Sage Gautam's sixty-year-long penance is mentioned in the Shanti Parva of the Mahabharata. He is the progenitor of the Gautama gotra.

Atri

Atri is a mythological Hindu sage. He is one of the seven Rishis. Hindu scriptures have named them as saptarishis, that is, the seven sages. The seven sages were Kashyapa, Atri, Vashitha, Vishvamitra, Gautam, Jamdagni, and Bharadvaja. According to Hindu mythology, these seven sages had become like divine beings. Ancient astrology of Hindus identified these seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great Bear. Their wives formed the Pleiades.

Boro language (India)

Bodo (बर') or Boro is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken primarily by the Bodo people of Northeast India. It is official language of the Bodoland autonomous region and co-official language of the state of Assam in India. It is also one of twenty two languages listed in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The Bodo language has been written using Devanagari script since 1963. Some scholar believe that at ancient time boro language were written in "Deodhai" script which is now lost.

Bodo is a Sino-Tibetan language of the Bodo group. It is closely related to the Dimasa language and Tiwa (Lalung) Language of Assam. It is also related to the Garo language of Meghalaya and the Kokborok language of Tripura. The Bodo speaking areas of Assam stretch from Dhubri in the west to Sadiya in the east. In Alipurduar, Cooch Behar and Jalpaiguri and other parts of Bengal, the Boros are known as "Mech". According to the 1991 census, the population of Boro speakers was 1,984,569 (Bodo 1,324,748), (Mech 659,821). The census reports of Bodo tribe, however, includes only the Bodos. It excludes the Mech tribe. The word "Boro" means the language and the community. It is pronounced with a high tone on the second syllable.

The dialects spoken in this area can be divided into three main groups:


The Western Boro dialects are spoken in the districts of Kokrajhar and Bongaigaon. The Eastern Bodo dialects are found mainly in the districts of Barpeta, Nalbari and Kamrup and some parts of Darrang. The Western Boro dialect has gained the status of a standard dialect. It has also developed a written form. The variations between these two dialect groups are mainly phonological and lexical.
The Bodo language of Assam has at least four clear-cut dialect-areas with a sufficient number of dialectal variations. There are the northeastern, southwestern, north-central and southern dialect areas. Each has distinct differences.

"Ethnologue" lists the following districts where Bodo is spoken. Bodo is spoken mainly in the lowlands and foothills of Assam and West Bengal.


Although the Bodo language is a rich and ancient language, it did not have any written literature until the second decade of the 20th century. Christian missionaries, who entered the Bodo speaking areas to preach their religion, published some books on religion, tales, rhymes and songs. These missionaries also published some books on grammar and dictionary. Reverend Sidney Endle compiled "An Outline of the Kachari Grammar" in 1884. The grammar is based on the dialect of Darrang district. Endle also wrote an important book on the Bodos. It is titled "The Kacharis". The book was published in 1911 and it contains chapters on social customs, agriculture practices, festivities, food habits, rituals, crafts and textiles of the Bodos. The book also included examples of Bodo folktales, rhymes and grammars. J.D. Anderson's "Collection of Bodo Folktales and Rhymes" (1895) included seventeen Bodo folktales translated into the English language. This is in addition to the original versions in the Bodo language.

In 1963 the language was used in teaching in the primary schools in Bodo dominated areas. The Bodo language is used in schools up to the secondary level. The language has become a matter of pride with the opening of the post-graduate course in the Bodo language. Bodo literature has been used in the University of Guwahati since 1996. The Bodo language now has a large number of books of poetry, drama, short stories, novels, biography, travel, children's literature and literary criticism. Though the spoken language has been affected by other communities and dialects, it is still to be heard in its pure form in and around the Udalguri district.

The language is officially written using the Devanagari script. It also has a long history of using the Latin script and the Assamese script. Some researchers have suggested that at one time the language used a now-lost script called Deodhai.



Piotta

Piotta is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Piotta has an ice hockey Club, called the HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia".

Ambrì

Ambrì is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Ambrì has an ice hockey club, called the HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia".

Saxon, Switzerland

Saxon is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is famous as the birthplace of figure skater and choreographer of Stéphane Lambiel.


Trient, Switzerland

Trient is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Champéry

Champéry is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


The Fall of Nineveh (poem)

"The Fall of Nineveh" is a poem by English poet Edwin Atherstone (1788-1892).

"The Fall of Nineveh" is a long poem. It consists of the Prelude and thirty books. It was published in parts between 1828 and 1868. It has more than six hundred pages and more than twenty thousand lines. Because of that it is one of the longest epic poems in English and European literature. Nineveh was the capital city of the Assyrian empire. It was really destroyed in 612 B.C. 

Edwin Atherstone was a romantic poet. He is forgotten now. He was the author of some poems, dramas and two novels, "Sea kings in England" and "Handwriting on the Wall".

The poem is written almost entirely in blank verse. This form, unrhymed iambic pentameter, is typical for long poems in English literature. It was introduced into English literature by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey in 16th century. It was widely used in Elizabethan drama, for example by Thomas Kyd and William Shakespeare. In 17th century John Milton employed it in "Paradise Lost". From that time blank verse prevails in English epic poems. From time to time the poet used alliteration: "Thus in her pride of power I see her now;/Her swarming streets; her splendid festivals;/Her sprightly damsels" ("The Prelude").

The poem is based on the strory written by Greek physician and historian Ctesias. Lord Byron wrote a tragedy about Sandanapalus earlier.

The poem narrates about a great war. It was a conflict between the Assyrian and the coallition of nations that had been conquered by them earlier. The Assyrian were ruled by Sardanapalus, king of Nineveh. He was a tyrant. All the nations around had to pay high taxes and send some soldiers to the king. They did not want to do it any longer. They started a war for independence. After many battles they won the whole war. They took the city of Nineveh, but it was destroyed by an earthquake.


Edwin Atherstone's poems were never much appreciated by critics. Sometimes he was even called "stupid".

"The Fall of Niniveh" has not been probably translated in any language. There are only some fragments in Polish translation.




Sir Breunor

Bruenor the Black, also called the Knight of the Ill-fitting Coat, was one of the Knights of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. He was the son of Sir Brunor, the "Good Knight without Fear". His brothers were Sir Dinadan and Sir Daniel. Both were killed by Sir Lancelot. Their father had been murdered and Brunor swore to wear his father's ill-fitting coat until the murder was avenged. Sir Breunor was the lord of Pendragon Castle. He was married to Maladisant.

1936 North American heat wave

The 1936 North American heat wave was the most severe heat wave in United States history. It happened in the middle of the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl of the 1930s.

The heat wave began in late June. It created great human suffering. It also caused drought in the Midwest and Great Plains. The lack of moisture, along with heat, destroyed huge numbers of crops.

This heat wave set records in many states, including Iowa, Minnesota and Illinois. In some states, the 1936 records were not broken until 2012. In Ohio, the temperature reached , almost tying the 1934 temperature record there.

More than 5,000 people in the United States died from this heat wave.

The heat also affected Canada.

Collombey-Muraz

Collombey-Muraz is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. There is an oil refinery in the municipality.


Port-Valais

Port-Valais is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Saint-Gingolph, Switzerland

Saint-Gingolph is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Troistorrents

Troistorrents is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Val-d'Illiez

Val-d'Illiez is a municipality of the district Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


La Fouly

La Fouly is a village of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

La Fouly is in the municipality of Orsières.

It sits at the foot of Mont Dolent (3,823 m) and the Tour Noir (3,836m) in the Mont Blanc massif.


Kempes (Brazilian footballer)

Everton Kempes dos Santos Gonçalves (b. 3rd September, 1982 in Carpina, Pernambuco - f. 28th November, 2016 in La Unión, Antioquia) was a Brazilian footballer who played as forward.

He made his debut in 2004 as Paraná's player and spent most of his career in Brazil.

He was named by the former Argentinian footballer: Mario Kempes.

On 28 November 2016, Kempes died along his team, Chapecoense and other passengers after the LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 was crashed near La Unión, Antioquia. It was expected that Chapecoense played the final of the South American Cup against Atlético Nacional in Medellín.

Nugget

Nugget may refer to:

Things





Alappuzha

Alappuzha is a city in Kerala, India. It is the administrative headquarters of the Alappuzha district. Alappuzha is considered as the oldest planned city in the region. It is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Kerala. The city is located in the coastal region of Laccadive Sea. In 2016, the Centre for Science and Environment rated Alappuzha as the top cleanest town in India.

According to 2011 census the population of the city is 174,176. The male population is 83,853 and female population is 90,323. The Literacy rate is 96.2%. The languages spoken here are Malayalam, Tamil and Konkani. Most of the population of Alappuzha are of Hindu and Christian religions with a small Muslim population.

Alappuzha is famous for Snake boat races, especially the Nehru Trophy Boat Race. Games of cricket, football and basketball are also popular in the city. The Kerala Backwaters of Alappuzha are the most popular tourist attraction in Kerala.
Alappuzha is most famous for its attractions. The attractions here are: 


Zakir Husain (politician)

Zakir Husain (8 February 1897 – 3 May 1969) was the 3rd President of India. He was the first Muslim president of Indian nation and also the first to die in office. Zakir Husain was the shortest serving president of India. He previously served as the second Vice-President of India and Governor of Bihar. Zakir Husain was also the co-founder of Jamia Milia Islamia. He served as its Vice-Chancellor. Under Husain, Jamia became closely to the Indian freedom movement.

Zakir Husain was born in Hyderabad, Telangana in 8 February 1897. He became the Governor of Bihar in 1957 to 1962. Later he became the 2nd Vice President of India after Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. He served in the post from 13 May 1962 to 12 May 1967.In 13 May 1967 he was elected as the 3rd President of India after Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.He was the Muslim President of India. But his term was short-lived. He died in New Delhi on 3 May 1969 and became the 1st President to die in the office period.

Puducherry district

Puducherry district is one of the four districts of the union territory of Puducherry in southern India. The district occupies an area of , spread over 11 non-contiguous enclaves lying on or near the Bay of Bengal within a compact area in the state of Tamil Nadu. 
Puducherry district's total population according to the 2011 census is 946,600.It is said that the population roughly equals that of Fiji and US state of Delaware. Literacy rate - 86.13% and Sex ratio is 1031 per 1000 males.
For administrative purpose, the union territory of Puducherry is divided into eight taluks.Some are Puducherry taluk, Villianur taluk, Ozhukarai taluk and Bahour taluk. Among these Ozhukarai taluk is the only taluk without rural areas.Puducherry taluk's rural area is covered in a commune named Ariyankuppam.Villianur taluk has two rural communes namely Mannadipet and Villianur. Bahour taluk consists of two rural communes namely Bahour and Nettapakkam.

Yellowstone fires of 1988

The Yellowstone fires of 1988 were the largest wildfires in the history of the Yellowstone National Park. They began as smaller individual fires. They spread quickly out of control. The fires were made worse by increasing wind and severe drought in the Western United States.

The fires burned for several months. On September 8, 1988, the entire park was closed to all non-emergency people for the first time in its history. The arrival of cool and moist weather in the late autumn brought the fires to an end. 

Confederate States Marine Corps

The Confederate States Marine Corps (CSMC) was a branch of the Confederate States armed forces during the American Civil War. It was established on March 16, 1861. The CSMC's manpower was initially authorized to include one major, one quartermaster sergeant, and 600 men divided into six companies of 100 marines each. This was increased on May 20, 1861 raising the rank of officers and adding more men. The organization of the corps began at Montgomery, Alabama. It was completed at Richmond, Virginia, when the capital of the Confederate States of America was moved there. The CSMC headquarters and main training facilities remained in Richmond, Virginia throughout the war. It was located at Camp Beall on Drewry's Bluff and at the Gosport Shipyard in Portsmouth, Virginia. The last CSMC unit surrendered on April 9, 1865, with the Confederacy itself surrendering a month later.

The Corps was established by an act passed by the Congress of the Confederate States on March 16, 1861. It was modeled after the United States Marine Corps. Many of its officers were U.S. Marines who joined the Confederacy after the war started. The strength of the Corps were authorized for 46 officers and 944 enlisted men. But it always had fewer marines than it was authorized to have. One of the reasons was that Marines were paid $3 a month less than other Confederate enlisted men. Late in the war they drew men from Confederate Army conscripts and were finally given bounties. Both of these helped to fill out their ranks. Lloyd J. Beall served as a colonel and as Commandant of the Corps. He had no marine experience and was a former United States Army paymaster.

While similar to the United States Marine Corps, there were some differences. They replaced the Marine Corps fife with the bugle. Their uniforms were similar to the British Royal Marines. The Confederate Marines were organized into permanent companies, unlike the U.S. Marines. Their tasks were much the same as the U.S. Marines. They provided detachments of marines for warships, commerce raiders, shore batteries and to guard shipyards. They served as landing forces and sharpshooters. Later their duties including manning the main guns of warships. A detachment of Company A served as part of the crew of the ironclad "CSS Virginia" during the Battle of Hampton Roads.

During the entire Civil War, a total of 148 Confederate Marines were killed in action. Another 312 Marines died from other causes.

Officers wore a French "Kepi" of different colors, but most were grey and blue. They wore frock coats in a shade of gray. The coats had two rows of seven brass buttons (for a total of 14) which were made in England. They wore dark trousers, usually blue in color.

The Marines used the Confederate Army's rank insignia. One collar stripe for a second lieutanant, two for a first lieutanant and three for a captain. A major wore a star on his collar. A lieutenant colonel wore two stars while a colonel wore three. Officers also wore Austrian knots on their sleeves. A lieutenant wore one braid, a captain wore two and field officers wore three.

The enlisted ranks also wore the "kepis". They wore a grey coat trimmed in black around the collar and cuffs. Non-commissioned officer coat sleeves were trimmed in flax-colored linen. All enlisted men had one row of brass buttons on their coats. Like the officers' buttons, they had a Roman numeral "M". Enlisted ranks were indicated by black chevrons. They were the same as those worn by the army, but instead of wearing them with the points down, marines wore them with the points up. The ranks insignia was the same. A corporal had two stripes while a sergeant had three. A first sergeant wore three stripes with a diamond in the center. A sergeant major wore three stripes up with three arcs below.

Both officers and men also wore Fatigues when not in their dress uniforms.


Chennai district

Chennai district, formerly known as Madras district, was one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India. It is the smallest district of Tamil Nadu but has the highest population density. Most of the Chennai Metro region comes under this district.

According to the 2011 census, the population of the Chennai district is 4,646,732. The male population is 2,335,844 and female population is 2,310,888. The literacy rate is 90.18%. The density of population in this district is 26,553 people per square kilometre. The sex ratio is 989 females per 1000 males.

Chennai district is divided into various taluks for administration purposes. They are:
The total area of the Chennai district is . The district is in the Coromandel coast of the Bay of Bengal. The Guindy National Park region covers of reserved forest. The waterways here are the Cooum River, Adyar River, Buckingham Canal and Otteri Nullah stream.

Thanjavur district

Thanjavur district is one of the district is known as the "Granary of South India" and "Rice bowl of Tamil Nadu". This is one of the important district for the Tamil Nadu agriculture and economy.

The Thanjavur district's total population is 2,405,890 according to Census of 2011. Literacy rate is 74.44%. The sex ratio is 1035 per 1000 males.Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes consist of 18.91% and 0.15% of the population respectively.
The Thanjavur district is famously known as the "Granary of South India", since the rule of Chola dynasty.This district lies at the Kaveri delta region, the most fertile region in the Tamil Nadu state. The district is the main rice producing region in the state and therefore known as "Rice Bowl of Tamil Nadu". Kaveri River and its tributaries are the main source of irrigation in Thanjavur district. Farmers also grow coconut and sugarcane and it is the largest producer of coconut in Tamil Nadu.

Cuddalore district

Cuddalore district is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Cuddalore city is the headquarters of the Cuddalore district. It was the mostly affected district in the 2015 South Indian floods along with Chennai district. Cuddalore is on the sea shore, so most of the cyclones affecting Tamil Nadu hit this district.
The district area is 3,564km². It is bounded on the north by Viluppuram District, on the east by the Bay of Bengal, on the south by Nagapattinam District, and on the west by Perambalur District. The district is drained by Gadilam River and Pennaiyar River in the north, Vellar River and Kollidam River in south.
In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Cuddalore one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of Districts of 640). It is one of the six districts in Tamil Nadu currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
According to 2011 census of India, Cuddalore district had a population of 2,605,914 with a sex-ratio of 987 females for every 1,000 males. A total of 279,950 were under the age of six, constituting 147,644 males and 132,306 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 29.32% and 0.6% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 69.66%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. 

Manchester Metropolitan University

The Manchester Metrropolitain University is the fourth largest university in the United Kingdom (UK).

Vionnaz

Vionnaz is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Vouvry

Vouvry is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Ausserberg

Ausserberg is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Norwich (disambiguation)

Norwich could mean:


Norfolk (disambiguation)

Norfolk could mean:

Arrondissements of the Indre-et-Loire department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Indre-et-Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Indre-et-Loire are:

Since its creation, the Indre-et-Loire department has had few changes:


Paget's disease

Paget's disease is the name for different diseases, which where first described by Sir James Paget. 

Arrondissement of Chinon

The arrondissement of Chinon is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Chinon.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chinon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chinon is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" of Tours, to the southeast by the Loches "arrondissement", to the west by the Vienne department and to the northwest by the Maine-et-Loire department.

The "arrondissement" of Chinon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (86,952 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Chinon are:

The "arrondissement" of Chinon has 106 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


1991 Azerbaijani independence referendum

An independence referendum was held in Azerbaijan on 29 December 1991, three days after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The result was 99.8% in favor, with turnout reported to be 95.3%.

Arrondissement of Tours

The arrondissement of Tours is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Tours.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Tours was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Tours is the northern half of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north and east by the Loir-et-Cher department, to the southeast by the Loches "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Chinon "arrondissement", to the west by the Maine-et-Loire department and to the northwest by the Sarthe department.

The "arrondissement" of Tours is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the one with more people living in it with 466,232 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Tours are:
The "arrondissement" of Tours has 54 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


West Indian manatee

The West Indian manatee ("Trichechus manatus") or "sea cow" is a manatee. It is the largest living member of the order Sirenia (which also includes dugongs and the extinct Steller's sea cow).

The West Indian manatee is a different species from the Amazonian manatee ("T. inunguis") and the African manatee ("T. senegalensis"). The West Indian manatee is in two subspecies, the Florida manatee ("T. m. latirostris") and the Antillean or Caribbean manatee ("T. m. manatus"). New research shows that there may be three groups:

The Florida manatee and the Antillean manatee are endangered. Federal, state, private, and nonprofit organizations are working to protect these species from natural and human threats, such as collisions with boat propeller blades.

Arrondissement of Loches

The arrondissement of Loches is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Loches.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Loches was part of that original department.

In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Loches was eliminated but in 1943 it was made again an "arrondissement" of the Indre-et-Loire department.

The "arrondissement" of Loches is the southeast of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north by the Tours "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Loir-et-Cher department, to the east and southeast by the Indre department, to the southwest by the Vienne department and to the west by the Chinon "arrondissement"

The "arrondissement" of Loches is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it with 50,740 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 2 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Loches:

The "arrondissement" of Loches has 113 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Xeroderma pigmentosum

Xeroderma pigmentosum is a rare genetic disorder.

Ultraviolet (UV) light damages the DNA in skin cells. Normally the DNA damage is repaired. But if a person has a defective repair gene, the DNA is not repaired.

This disease causes the skin to be sensitive to sunlight. A person with this disorder must always stay out of the sun, or they will get a sunburn. People with this disease are often called a "Moon child" because they can only go outside during the night. This disease is present in both genders and in all races, with one in 250,000 people living in the US having this disease. A Japanese person is about six times more likely to have this disease.

This disorder is found in one in 250,000 people. People with xeroderma pigmentosum are about 1,000 times more likely to get skin cancer.

There is no cure for xeroderma pigmentosum. The symptoms can be minimized if you do not go outside into sunlight. Fewer than 40% of individuals with the disease survive beyond the age of 20. Some XP victims with less severe cases do manage to live well into their 40s.

People that have xeroderma pigmentosum are sensitive to UV light from the sun, and have dry, flaking skin and pigmented spots that can become skin cancer. 

Other symptoms include:

The most important part of treatment is avoiding going into sunlight. You may have to wear protective clothes and wear sunscreen.

XP can be caused by mutations in any one of eight genes. Seven of these genes help repair of ultraviolet-induced photoproducts.

James Bradley

James Bradley FRS (1693 – 13 July 1762) was an English astronomer. He was born in Sherborne, Gloucestershire, England. Bradley was educated at Northleach Grammar School and at Balliol College, Oxford. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1714 and a Master of Arts in 1717. 

He became a member of the clergy and received an income at Bridstow in Herefordshire. Because of his friendship with Edmond Halley, in 1718 he was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society. He gave up his living at Bridstow to become a professor at Oxford in 1721. Bradley succeeded Edmond Halley as Astronomer Royal at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich in 1742. He held this post until his death in 1762.In 1729 he published his discovery of the aberration of light (also called astronomical aberration). This was he first observational proof of the Copernican Hypothesis that the Sun is at the centre of the Solar System and not the Earth. He noticed a motion in the stars that did not fit the accepted pattern of the time. What he discovered was stellar aberration. In 1748 he published his discovery. That same year he was awarded the Copley Medal from the Royal Society for his discovery.

1962 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1962 Stanley Cup Finals was played between the defending champion Chicago Black Hawks and the Toronto Maple Leafs. The Maple Leafs were also in the Final in 1960. The Maple Leafs would win the best-of-seven series four games to two to win the Stanley Cup. This was their first win since 1951.

Betten

Betten is a former municipality in the district of Raron, Canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Betten and Martisberg merged into the new municipality of Bettmeralp.


Silesian Wikipedia

Silesian Wikipedia is the Silesian language edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 26 May 2008.

In October 2010 the Silesian Wikipedia was mentioned as one of the arguments for Silesian to become one of the regional languages in Poland.

Eshtaol Forest

The Eshtaol Forest is a forest in Israel, located north of Beit Shemesh and near Ta'oz and Neve Shalom. The Forest of the Martyrs lies to the east. The forest is a popular recreation area and is one of the largest forests in Israel. The forest (like most other forests in Israel) was planted in by the Jewish National Fund, which continues to expand it. The forest covers an area of .



Ganges Delta

The Ganges-Brahmaputra Delta is a river delta in the South Asia region of Bangladesh and in West Bengal, India. It is the world's largest delta.

The delta is also known as the Brahmaputra Delta, the "Sunderbans Delta", or the Bengal Delta. Because it is also one of the most fertile regions in the world, it is called The Green Delta.

The Ganges Delta empties into the Bay of Bengal. It is approximately across at the Bay of Bengal.. The floodplain is from three rivers: Ganges, the Brahmaputra River and the Meghna River.

The delta stretches from the Hooghly River on the west to the Meghna River on the east. In India Kolkata and Haldia are the main seaports. In Bangladesh the main seaports are the Port of Mongla and Chittagong.

Piedmontese Wikipedia

Piedmontese Wikipedia is the Piedmontese language edition of Wikipedia. Piedmontese is a Romance language spoken by over 1 million people in Piedmont, northwest Italy.

Latvian Wikipedia

Latvian Wikipedia is the Latvian edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 6 June 2003.

Bosnian Wikipedia

Bosnian Wikipedia is the Bosnian language edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 12 December 2002.

Luxembourgish Wikipedia

Luxembourgish Wikipedia is the Luxembourgish language edition of Wikipedia.

Neapolitan Wikipedia

Neapolitan Wikipedia is the Neapolitan language edition of Wikipedia. Neapolitan is the language of much of southern continental Italy.

Salem district

Salem district is a district in Tamil Nadu, South India. Salem is the district headquarters and other major towns in the district include Mettur, Omalur and Attur. Salem is surrounded by hills and the landscape dotted with hillocks. Ancient Salem Nadu ruled by Mazhavar kings.

According to 2011 census of India, Salem district had a population of 3,482,056 with a sex-ratio of 954 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 16.67% and 3.43% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 65.64%, compared to the national average of 72.99%.

Salem district has many educational institutions including government schools, private schools and hundred years traditional institution Government arts college ,Government arts college for women and the Government College of Engineering and Periyar University.

The Salem handloom industry is one of the most ancient cottage industries and producing quality saree, doti etc out of silk yarn and cotton yarn. More than 75,000 handlooms are working and the total value of cloth produced per annum is estimated at Rs.5,000 crores. With more than 125 spinning mills, with modern weaving units and garment units Salem established itself as one of the major textile center in Tamil Nadu .

École nationale supérieure d'électrotechnique, d'électronique, d'informatique, d'hydraulique et des télécommunications

École nationale supérieure d'électrotechnique, d'électronique, d'informatique, d'hydraulique et des télécommunications is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSEEIHT.

Most of the 1500 graduate engineer students at ENSEEIHT live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at ENSEEIHT relate to the following topics:


Thiruvarur district

Thiruvarur district is one of the districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Thiruvarur town is the district headquarters of Tamil Nadu. 

Before 1991 Thiruvarur district and Nagapattinam district were part of the Thanjavur district. After that, the present Taluks of Thiruvarur district and Nagapattinam district were separated from the Thanjavur District, and formed the Nagapattinam district. 

The total area of Thiruvarur district is 2161 km². Major towns of the district are Thiruvarur, Thiruthuraipoondi, Nachikulam, Muthupettai and Mannargudi.

In the 2011 census of India, Thiruvarur district had a population of 1,264,277. There was a sex-ratio of 1,017 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. Scheduled Castes were 34.08% of the population. Scheduled Tribes were .24% of the population. The average literacy of the district was 74.86%, close to the national average. 

Madurai district

MADURAI district is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Madurai district is the second largest district by population. Madurai is the headquarters of this district. It is an important place for making movies.

According to 2011 census of India, Madurai district had a population of 3,038,252. The population was 2,578,201 in the 2001 census. This is a growth rate of 17.95%. The district had a sex-ratio of 990 females for every 1,000 males. This is up from 978 in 2001, and much above the national average of 929.

The district of Madurai has 13 taluks and revenue blocks with the same boundaries and names. They are:


2016 Kaikoura earthquake

The 2016 Kaikoura earthquake was a magnitude 7.8 (M) earthquake in the South Island of New Zealand. It happened two minutes after midnight on 14 November 2016 NZDT (11:02 on 13 November UTC). The epicentre where shaking started was about north-east of Culverden and south-west of the tourist town of Kaikoura. The epicentre was about 15 kilometres deep (9 mi).

The earthquake lasted for more than a minute, and was one of the three largest earthquakes in 2016.

Infobot

Infobot is a Perl IRC bot, first written in 1995 by Kevin Lenzo. The bot's main goal was to remember URLs and associate them with a name, so if someone needed a specific web address they could ask the bot. For this reason, the first Infobot, in the #macintosh channel in the EFnet IRC network, had the nickname 'url'.

The main project is now inactive, many forks from the original program were made, some of which are still active. Many of these forks carry extra features.

Parole

Parole is the release of a prisoner before the end of his or her original sentence. This is based on the prisoner accepting certain conditions. Usually these include remaining on good behavior. They also agree to be monitored for a period of time by a public official called a parole officer. 


Coverture

Coverture is a long-standing legal practice in the United States that comes from the English common law. Coverture holds that a man and a woman are a single legal entity—that of the husband. A married woman loses her own legal obligations and rights, and becomes "covered" by her husband. Traditionally a woman took her husband's last name as a symbol of this identity. A female child was covered by her father's identity. When she married that coverage transferred to her husband. Under this system a woman did not legally exist and did not own anything. 

In the mid-19th century, with the rise of feminism, coverture began to be criticized as being unfair to women. Various laws began to be weakened and eventually done away with. But parts of coverture laws, mainly having to do with the husband being responsible for his wife's debts, lasted into the 1960s in some parts of the U.S.

Form-based interface

A form-based interface is a kind of user interface. In it, the user interacts with the application by selecting one of a number of possible values, and by entering text into the fields that accept it. A word processor which is used to write documents, might offer settings for the font size, the font to use, and the alignment of the paragraph on the page. Many databases support a technology called query by example: Users who do not know SQL can easily select database records which are similar to the information entered.
Other places where form based interface can be use is 
Online application for job, school, college
Bank to fill cash details a
Hospital for filling patients detail. 

Metric space

A metric space is a mathematical concept. It is a set of points with a way to measure the distance between them. This distance is measured by a function called a metric.

Take for example a flat surface, or plane. You can measure distances on it in different ways. Like if you're walking in a city (taxicab metric), you can't walk through buildings, so the distance is how far you walk up and down the streets. This might be longer than if you could walk in a straight line from point to point (Euclidean metric), like a bird might fly. Both are useful in different situations.

The metric can measure physical distance, like on a sphere or in a 3D space. But it can also measure more abstract things. Like how many changes you need to make to turn one word into another (Hamming distance).

Many mathematical objects can be turned into metric spaces because they have a natural way to measure distance. These include things like curved surfaces, vector spaces, and graphs. Even the rational numbers can be turned into a metric space.

Metric spaces can be used in many branches of mathematics. This is because they are so general but also because the concept of distance is very intuitive and common in many contexts.

Metric spaces can also help us understand many basic ideas in mathematical analysis. These include balls, completeness, continuity, and the idea of open and closed sets.

Definition of Metric Space

To be a metric space, a set of points (M) and a metric (d) must follow these rules:


Examples of Metric Spaces


Subspaces

A subset of a metric space can also be a metric space. We just measure distances the same way as in the bigger space. For example, a sphere in a 3D space can be considered a metric space. The distance is just the straight line between two points on the sphere.

Brahmanas

The Brahmanas are a collection of Indian books. The books give more information on the Vedas, the four holiest books of the Hindu religion.

The "Brahmanas" give instructions on the proper performance of rituals. They also explain the original symbolic meanings.

Each Vedic "shakha" (school) has its own "Brahmana". Many "Brahmana" texts existed in ancient India. Most of these have been lost.

Bister, Switzerland

Bister is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Bitsch, Switzerland

Bitsch is a municipality in the district of Raron in the Swiss canton of Valais.

Blatten (Lötschen)

Blatten (Lötschen) is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Bürchen

Bürchen (Walliser German: "Birchu") is a municipality of the district Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Land of Punt

Land of Punt is a name for a place found in Ancient Egyptian texts. At times it is also called Pwenet or Pwene. People from Ancient Egypt traded with this place from 6.000 BC. It was known for producing and selling gold, aromatic resins, blackwood, ebony, ivory, and wild animals. The region is known from ancient Egyptian texts because people went there to trade. Some teachers of the bible think that it is the same as the biblical land of Put.

At times Punt is called Ta netjer, the "Land of the God".

