Specific heat ("s") is a particular type of heat capacity. Specific heat is the thermodynamic property, which states the amount of heat required for a single unit of mass of a substance to be raised by one degree of temperature. Varying ranges of specific heat values are seen for substances depending on the extent to which they absorb heat. The term heat capacity can be misleading since heat "q" is the term given to the addition or removal of energy, across a barrier to a substance or system, as a result of increasing or decreasing the temperature respectively. Temperature changes are really changes in energy. Therefore, specific heat and other forms of heat capacity are more accurately measures of the capacity of a substance to absorb energy as the temperature of the substance increases.

Units are very important for expressing any thermodynamic property; the same is true for specific heat. Energy in the form of heat is expressed in Joules (J) or kilojoules (kJ) which are the most common units associated with energy. One unit of mass is measured in grams or kilograms with regard to specific heat. Per one gram is the standard form used in tables of specific heat values, but references using one kilogram are sometimes seen. One degree of temperature is measured on either the Celsius or Kelvin scale, but usually Celsius. The most commonly associated units then for specific heat are J/(g•°C).

Two factors that change the specific heat of a material are pressure and temperature. Specific heat is defined at a standard, constant pressure (usually atmospheric pressure) for materials and is generally reported at 25 °C (298.15 K). A standard temperature is used because specific heat has temperature dependence and can change at different temperature values. Specific heat is referred to as an ) As long as the temperature and pressure are at the standard referenced values and no phase change occurs, the value for the specific heat of any material remains constant regardless of the mass of the material present . 

A large factor in the magnitude of the specific heat of a material lies at the molecular level in the energetic available to the material in the phase (solid, liquid or gas) in which it is found. Energetic degrees of freedom are of four types: translation, rotation, vibration and electronic. A minimum amount of energy is needed to reach each degree of freedom. Therefore, the amount of energy that can be stored in a substance depends on the type and number of the energetic degrees of freedom that contribute to the substance at a given temperature. Liquids generally have more low energy modes and more energetic degrees of freedom than solids and most gases. This broader range of possibilities within the degrees of freedom typically generates larger specific heats for liquid substances than for solids or gases. This trend can be seen in the and by comparing liquid water to solid water (ice), copper, tin, oxygen, and graphite.

Specific heat is used to calculate the amount of heat absorbed when energy is added to a material or substance through an increase in temperature over a defined range. Calculation of the amount of heat or energy added to a material is a relatively easy process as long as the initial and the final temperatures of the material are recorded, the mass of the material is reported and the specific heat is known. The specific heat, the mass of the material and the temperature scale must all be in the same units in order to accurately perform the calculation for heat.

The equation for calculating heat ("q") is as follows:

formula_1

In the equation, s is the specific heat in (J/g•°C). m is the mass of the substance in grams. Δ"T refers to the change in temperature (°C) observed in the substance. The convention is to subtract the initial temperature of the material from the final temperature after heating so Δ"T is T-T in the equation. Substituting all the values into the equation and multiplying through cancels the units of mass and temperature leaving the appropriate units of Joules for heat. Calculations such as this are useful in 

Agustín Edwards Eastman

Agustín Iván Edmundo Edwards Eastman (24 November 1927 – 24 April 2017) was a Chilean newspaper publisher. He was one of the richest people in Chile. He inherited his family's newspaper company El Mercurio SAP, which publishes Chile's leading national dailies "El Mercurio" and "La Segunda". He was born in Paris.

Eastman has been described as a media baron, and was known for his right-wing views. Throughout his time as publisher, he has used El Mercurio SAP's newspapers to influence public opinion in Chile, and he supported the 1973 coup d'état to oust socialist President Salvador Allende.

According to the U.S. Senate's Church Committee, he was one of the main Chilean participants in the Central Intelligence Agency's Operation Mockingbird campaign to influence the media in Latin American countries.

Eastman died on 24 April 2017 in Graneros, Chile from respiratory failure at the age of 89.


Eskifjörður

Eskifjörður (also called Eskifjördur) is a town and port in eastern Iceland. In 2011, the town had a population of 1,043 people. The town has a large fishing industry.

Eskifjörður is part of the Fjarðabyggð municipality, and is in the Eastern Region.

A sculpture by Ragnar Kjartansson is located by the main road in Eskifjördur, honouring the mariners who drowned at sea.

Eskifjörður has many beautiful rare stone collections, with thousands of polished and original stones from all over the island.


Spokane Native Americans

The Spokan or Spokane people are a Native American tribe. They live in the eastern part of present-day Washington state and parts of northern Idaho in the United States of America.

The current Spokane Indian Reservation is in northeastern Washington, centered at Wellpinit (Sčecuwe). The reservation is almost entirely in Stevens County. However, it also includes two small bits of land (totaling about ) in Lincoln County. This includes part of the Spokane River. In total, the reservation is about .

The city of Spokane, Washington (Sʎˈetkʷ) is named after the tribe. It grew along the Spokane River, within the historic ancestral land of the tribe, but not in the reservation.



Dante Parini

Dante Parini (Milan, 21 November 1890 – Milan, 11 April 1969) was an Italian painter and sculptor.

Parini studied at Accademia di Brera under the guidance of masters such as Enrico Butti along with Giannino Castiglioni with whom she shared ideas and projects becoming her friend. Parini left for the front of World War II where he was decorated for heroic acts.

He was a sculptor of monuments to the fallen soldiers of world wars and burial monuments, following the example of his Butti master with great technical skill and personal style.

It is its fountain-monument made in 1924 in Piazza Gran Paradiso in Milano in memory of the fallen of Niguarda. Amongst others are the monuments to the fallen of Tarquinia, a work inspired by profound sentiment and suffering humanity, and the monument to the soldiers fallen into Induno Olona war.

Some of his works are in the Monumental Cemetery of Milan, in Sanctuary of San Felice (Parabiago), and in the cemetery of Sarzana. He made a marble bas-relief in the church of Santa Maria at the Maggiore Hospital at Ca 'Granda in Milan with a subject "The healings of Christ". Several of his works are preserved at the Ospedale di Niguarda, known as ""the City of art"". In 1882 Dante Parini took part in the second competition for the execution of the sculptures of Vittoriano "Altar of the Homeland" in Rome, but his project was not chosen.
Dante Parini also devoted himself to painting. During his long life he participated in several international exhibitions.
In 1924 he received the Diploma of Honorary Member of the Accademia di Brera.

He was the first mayor of Brusimpiano after the end of World War II.



Annie Jump Cannon

Annie Jump Cannon was an American astronomer. She was born on December 11, 1863 in Dover, Delaware and died on April 13, 1941 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

With an old astronomy book, Cannon's mother taught her the constellations and other things about stars when she was little. She encouraged her to learn mathematics, chemistry and biology at Wellesley College. They loved the stars. After graduation she took up photography, and many of her pictures of Europe were published. She caught Scarlet fever which made her deaf. She became an instructor at Wellesley and learned spectroscopy.

Cannon was a great astronomer and gave us new information about the stars.

Cannon had graduate studies in math, physics, and astronomy. She also received many awards such as the Henry Draper Gold Medal of the National Academy of Sciences, the Ellen Richards Award, and she was the first woman to ever receive the honorary doctorate of science at Oxford University. She also became part of the Harvard Astronomy staff. She discovered 300 variable stars, five novae stars, and a binary star while on the staff. Cannon observed and then classified about 400,000 stars. She invented the Harvard system which is still the usual method of stellar classification according to color and temperature. 

Cannon had many hardships. Cannon was a women scientist in a world of men. She had to advocate for herself. She was one of the first women in astronomy at her time. Cannon also faced the hardship of being deaf. Cannon didn’t have access to hearing aids. People had decided not to vote for her for awards despite her discoveries because she was deaf. Now many people admire her and wish to follow in her footsteps. Cannon struggled in a world of stereotypes and first times but she managed to succeed. 

Scaphocephaly

Scaphocephaly is a medical disorder. It describes a long narrow head that looks like an overturned boat. It is a type of cephalic disorder. 

Scaphocephaly is one type of skull synostosis, or joining of two bones. It can be corrected by surgery if the child is young enough.

Eddie Meduza

Errol Leonard Norstedt (June 17, 1948 – January 17, 2002), better known by his stage name Eddie Meduza, was a Swedish musician working mainly in the rockabilly genre. His songs were about women, cars and alcohol, often associated with obscene lyrics. He went as far as to aim his views at the Swedish Government which garnered controversy over the years. Meduza died at the age of 53 after suffering a heart attack caused by alcohol poisoning. He is remembered for his explicit work but many of his songs were ironic-made and contained clever social commentary. Meduza is survived by wife and (now adult) children.


Björn Afzelius

Björn Svante Afzelius (January 27, 1947 – February 16, 1999), was a Swedish musician and guitarist who's songs were about socialism, love and joy. He released his debut album in 1974 and his last album weeks before his death. He had throat pain after he had played acoustic trio. In autumn 1997, doctors identified lung cancer. He died of the disease one and a half year later at the age of 52.


Kathleen Crowley

Betty Jane "Kathleen" Crowley (December 26, 1929 – April 23, 2017) was an American actress. She was born in Green Bank, New Jersey. She starred in a number of TV shows and movies throughout the 1950s and 1960s, ending her career in 1970. She was known for her multiple small roles in the TV series "Maverick".

Crowley died on April 23, 2017 at her home in Green Bank, New Jersey, aged 87.


Benjamin Barber

Benjamin R. Barber (August 2, 1939 – April 24, 2017) was an American political theorist and author. He was best known for his 1995 bestseller, "Jihad vs. McWorld", and for 2013's "If Mayors Ruled the World".

Barber died on April 24, 2017 in New York City after a four-month battle with pancreatic cancer, aged 77.


Ken Sears

Kenneth Robert "Ken" Sears (August 17, 1933 – April 23, 2017) was an American professional basketball player. He holds the title of being the first basketball player to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated magazine, appearing on the December 20, 1954 issue.

Sears played eight seasons (1955–1961, 1962–1964) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the New York Knicks and San Francisco Warriors. He averaged 13.9 points per game and 7.8 rebounds per game in his NBA career, appearing as an NBA All-Star in 1958 and 1959. Sears spent the 1961–62 basketball season in the short-lived American Basketball League.

Sears died on April 23, 2017, at his home in Watsonville, California, aged 83.

Munyua Waiyaki

Dr. Fredrick Lawrence Munyua Waiyaki (12 December 1926 – 25 April 2017) was a Kenyan politician. He was a minister for Agriculture, Minister of Foreign Affairs and a former member of parliament for the Kasarani Constituency. He was born in Nairobi, Kenya. In 1963, he was appointed Parliamentary secretary 

In the 1960s. he was offered a job by the Kenyan government to work as a medical doctor a position he served for less than a year since he retired and decided against to set up his own clinic in Kenya. At the same time, he started becoming active in politics since he served as the District chairman for Kenya African National Union (KANU) for the period of 1960-1968.

In 1962 he challenged Tom Mboya for the Nairobi East parliament seat but he lost by 2668 votes to 31407. He entered into parliament for the first time in May 1963 as a member of parliament for North Eastern Nairobi (now Kasarani) and he also became the permanent secretary for the ministry of health and housing.

Waiyaki died on 25 April 2017 at a hospital in Nairobi from pneumonia, aged 90.


Sasha Lakovic

Sasha "The Basha, Pitbull" Lakovic (Serbian: Саша Лаковић / "Saša Laković"; September 7, 1971 – April 25, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for 17 different professional teams during his career, but mostly known for playing with the New Jersey Devils. Lakovic also played for four roller hockey teams in the mid-1990s.

Lakovic attempted to start a career in acting, landing a small role as Russian ice hockey player Boris Mikhailov in the 2004 Walt Disney movie "Miracle".

Lakovic was diagnosed with brain cancer in October 2016. He died from the disease on April 25, 2017 in Vancouver, aged 45.

Brokpa

Brokpa is a tribe in a remote area of Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan.

This tribe is described by many great historians, including Strabo, Herodotus and others.

Historically these people are known as Minaro people. They lived from the 1st century BC in Deosai region. In the 19th century BC they migrated to the rest of Ladakh region.

IOS 11

iOS 11 is the eleventh major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple Inc., coming after iOS 10. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5, 2017, and released on September 19, 2017.

Some of iOS 11's changes: the lock screen and Notification Center are combined, allowing all notifications to be displayed directly on the lock screen. The various pages of the Control Center are unified, gaining custom settings and the ability to 3D Touch icons for more options. The App Store receives a big visual change to focus on editorial content and daily highlights. A "Files" file manager app allows direct access to files stored locally and in cloud services. Siri can now translate between languages and use a privacy-minded "on-device learning" technique to better understand a user's interests and offer suggestions. The camera has new settings for better portrait-mode photos and will use new encoding technologies to reduce file sizes on newer devices. A previous point release also added support for person-to-person Apple Pay payments. The operating system also introduces the ability to record the screen, limited forms of drag-and-drop functionality, and support for augmented reality. Certain new features will appear only on iPad, including an always-accessible application dock, cross-app drag-and-drop, and a new user interface to show multiple apps at once.

iOS 11 received mixed reviews. People significantly praised the application dock and new multitasking interface on the iPad, crediting them for renewing the user experience. Further praise was directed at the redesigned Control Center offering customizable toggles, though it was criticized for lack of third-party app support, lack of Wi-Fi network selection ability and for difficult usage on small screen sizes, along with its instability. People also noted the new augmented reality development tools, but said their impact would depend on third-party apps and how fast developers embraced them. Praise was also directed at the App Store's redesign and the new file-management tools. Shortly after release, it was discovered that disabling Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connections through the Control Center does not disable the respective chips in the device in order to remain functional for background connectivity, a design decision sparking criticism for "misleading" users and reducing security due to potential vulnerabilities in inactive open connections. The iOS 11.2 update added warning messages and a new toggle color to explain the new functions. iOS 11 has also received continuous criticism from reviewers and end-users for its perceived stability and performance issues, particularly on older devices; Apple issued numerous software updates to address such issues. 

Two months after release, 52% of iOS devices were running iOS 11, a slower adoption rate than previous iOS versions. The number increased to 81% of devices by May 2018.

On June 4, 2018, at the Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple announced its successor, iOS 12.

The user now has the option of downloading applications from a app store in Messages.

Grimisuat

Grimisuat is a municipality of the district Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Grimisuat, Champlan, Les Fermes, les Places, Coméraz and Saint-Raphaël.


Salins, Switzerland

Salins is a former municipality of the district of Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. 

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Salins merged into the municipality of Sion.

Savièse

Savièse is a municipality in the Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Chandolin, Drône, Granois, La Muraz, Mayens-de-la-Zour, Ormône, Roumaz and Saint-Germain.


Balad

Balad () is a political party in Israel. It is a Hebrew acronym of "Brit Le'umit Demokratit" (). Balad () is also an Arabic word. It means "country" or "nation". Balad's full Arabic name is at-Tajammuʿ al-Waṭanī ad-Dīmuqrāṭī ().Its ideology is social democratic, Arab nationalist, pan-Arabic, secular, and anti-Zionist.

Balad was founded in 1995. The party's political leader is Sami Abu Shehadeh.

As of 2022, Balad has no seats in the Knesset.

Jona Lewie

Jona Lewie (born John Lewis, 14 March 1947 in Southampton, England) is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He is best known for his 1980 UK hits "You'll Always Find Me in the Kitchen at Parties" and "Stop the Cavalry".

In 1969, as a singer/songwriter, he made compositions and recordings for the compilation album "I Asked For Water She Gave Me ... Gasoline" on the Liberty/UA label. Other compositions in 1969 were for the album "These Blues is Meant to Be Barrel Housed" on the Yazoo/Blue Goose label in New York, still as a solo artist known as John Lewis.



Veysonnaz

Veysonnaz is a municipality in Sion in the Swiss canton of Valais.


Baltschieder

Baltschieder is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Embd

Embd is a municipality of the district Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Grächen

Grächen is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is at an elevation of on a terrace above St. Niklaus in the Mattertal, north of the Mischabel range (and Dom).


Lalden

Lalden (Walliser German: "Lalu") is a municipality in Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Frank Rizzo

Francis Lazarro "Frank" Rizzo, Sr. (October 23, 1920 – July 16, 1991) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1972 through 1980. He was also the police commissioner as well. When he was mayor, Rizzo was a Democrat, but when he left office, Rizzo became a Republican in 1986.

Rizzo was born in Philadelphia. His father, Rafael, worked as a police officer. He grew up in a row house neighborhood in South Philadelphia. In his senior year of high school, he left Southern High School. He later obtained a high school equivalency diploma and took government courses at the Fels Institute of Government.

After enlisting in the United States Navy, Rizzo served on the USS Houston cruiser for 19 months. However, he was medically discharged due to diabetes insipidus. Upon returning to Philadelphia, Rizzo found employment at Midvale Steel, where he contributed to the production of naval guns in preparation for World War II.
Rizzo's father was actually a big part of his life he helped him become what he was because his father was a police officer. 
Rizzo was commissioner from 1968 to 1971 and eventually became mayor in 1972. While he was mayor his relationships with the black community was very violent and devastating. Others would say he was racially motivated only because he would liked to target activities in black neighborhoods. 

Rizzo died of a heart attack on July 16, 1991 in Philadelphia, aged 70.


Night of terror

The Night of Terror refers to November 14, 1917 when several women were arrested for protesting in front of the White House for women's rights. This event is most known for the brutal torture of women in the Occoquan Workhouse in Virginia. The 300 plus activists involved were fighting against President Woodrow Wilson for the right to vote. Thirty-three women were thrown in jail and these women were the ones who experienced the night of terror. Lucy Burns, one of the founders of the National Woman's Party was chained to her cell with her arms in the air. The women declared a hunger strike and in response, they were force-fed by being held down on a chair and having a long tube shoved down their throats. The jailers attached a funnel to the tube, and poured in mushed up raw eggs and milk for protein until they threw up. During the Night of Terror, Burns was beaten for calling out to other inmates, and her arms handcuffed above her head in her cell. Police officers hurled Dora Lewis into her cell, smashing her head against an iron bar. Her cellmate Alice Cosu thought she was dead, and suffered a heart attack. One woman was stabbed between the eyes with the broken staff of her banner at the Workhouse.

Sarah Parker Remond

Sarah Parker Remond (June 6, 1815 – December 13, 1894) was an African-American educator, abolitionist, and member of the American Anti-Slavery Society. She made her first speech against slavery when she was only sixteen years old. Late in life she became a physician in Italy.

Remond was born in Salem, Massachusetts. She was born June 6, 1826, and she died in 1894. She went to an all black elementary school. she was not a slave but her father was, who then became an American citizen. Her family moved to Newport, Rhode Island and she went to a private school. She made her first speech in 1842. She made her first speech when she was 16 years old against slavery.

Philadelphia race riot

The Philadelphia Race Riots of 1964 was one of the first race riots during the Civil Rights Era. The riot started on August 28, 1964 when a conflict erupted between an African-American woman and a police officer when the woman's car broke down in a busy section of the city. Rumors quickly spread about the police allegedly beating up a pregnant black woman. Riots broke out mostly in Northern Philadelphia. Even though no one was killed, over 300 people were hurt, 25 stores were destroyed, and hundreds were arrested.

Sophie Scholl

Sophia Magdalena Scholl (9 May 1921 – 22 February 1943) was a member of the White Rose Resistance group. Along with Hans scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, and Kurt Huber, Sophie helped write leaflets that opposed Hitler and Nazi Germany. 

On February 18,1943, Sophie and her brother went to the Munich University to pass out leaflets. They were spotted by a custodian, who alerted the Gestapo. They were put on trial on February 22. They were sentenced to death. Before her death, her roommate, Else Gebel, recalls the last thing that Sophie said to her: “How can we expect righteousness to prevail when there is hardly anyone wiling to give himself up individually for a righteous cause? Such a fine, sunny, day, and I have to go, but what does my death matter, if through us, thousands of lives are awakened and stirred into action.”. She was killed the same day of the trial, February 22, 1943.


Air India Flight 855

Air India Flight 855 was a flight from Bombay to Dubai. On January 1, 1978 the Boeing 747 crashed into the Arabian Sea due to pilot error. All 213 people on-board died.

108 (number)

108 is a natural number that comes before 109 and after 107. It is the emergency number in India.

Sphygmomanometer

A sphygmomanometer ((, ; also called a blood pressure meter, blood pressure monitor, or blood pressure gauge) is a device used to measure blood pressure in humans. It was first invented by an Austrian physician in 1881. They now come in different shapes and sizes. They can be found in many places.

The sphygmomanometer works by wrapping a tube of fabric (called a "cuff") around the arm or other body part. The cuff is filled up with air. That stops the flow of blood in the arm. The air is then released slowly until the blood flows again. The whole process, from start to finish, only takes about a minute.

Many sphygmomanometers are inflated by squeezing a bulb. A gauge shows how much the cuff is inflated. The gauge can be mechanical or hydraulic (filled with mercury). It is important that the cuff is not inflated too much, so whoever is using the device has to use a stethoscope. 

Some sphygmomanometers, especially those that people use at home, are automatic. They inflate using an electric pump. They show the blood pressure on a screen. They are meant to be very easy to use.

Randa, Switzerland

Randa is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

The municipality is between the Weisshorn and Dom in the Matter Valley.


Saas Almagell

Saas-Almagell is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Bell TH-57 Sea Ranger

The Bell TH-57 Sea Ranger is a US helicopter. It is a military variant of the famous civilian Bell 206 used for training by the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy.


Dale E. Wolf

Dale Edward Wolf (September 6, 1924 – March 20, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He was born in Wilmington, Delaware. He was veteran of World War II.

Wolf was a member of the Republican Party. For three weeks, he was the 70th Governor of Delaware.

Wolf died on March 20, 2021 in Wilmington, Delaware at the age of 96.


Vinod Khanna

Vinod Khanna (6 October 1946 – 27 April 2017) was an Indian actor. He was also an active politician and was the sitting MP from Gurdaspur constituency (between 1998-2009 and 2014-2017).

Khanna played lead roles in many movies and is best remembered for his performance in "Mere Apne, Mera Gaon Mera Desh, Gaddaar, Jail Yatra, Imtihaan, Muqaddar Ka Sikandar, Inkaar, Kuchhe Dhaage, Amar Akbar Anthony, Rajput, Qurbani, Kudrat, Dayavan, Kaarnama," and Jurm".

After making his debut in 1968, Khanna first acted in small roles or negative roles. His angry young man role in the movie "Mere Apne", his negative role as the main villain in the superhit movie "Mera Gaon Mera Desh" and his role in the crtically acclaimed movie "Achanak" based on the events of the popular case " K. M. Nanavati v. State of Maharashtra", as the military officer turned fugitive.

Khanna was popularly known as one of the most handsome lead actors ever in Bollywood.

In 1997, Khanna joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and was elected from Gurdaspur constituency in Punjab in the next year's Lok Sabha election.

In 2014 general election he was again elected for 16th Loksabha from same constituency.

Khanna died on 27 April 2017 at a hospital in Mumbai from bladder cancer at the age of 70.


William G. Morgan

William George Morgan (23 January 1870 – 27 December 1942) was an American educator and businessman. He was the inventor of volleyball, originally called "Mintonette". He was born in Lockport, New York.

He met James Naismith, inventor of basketball, while Morgan was studying at Springfield College, Massachusetts in 1892. Like Naismith, Morgan went for a career in Physical Education at the YMCA. He was inspired by Naismith and basketball, in 1895, in Holyoke, Massachusetts, Morgan invented "Mintonette" a less hard team sport than a basketball which was more suitable for older members of the YMCA but one that still needed athletic skill.

Morgan died in Lockport, New York from pneumonia on 27 December 1942, aged 72.

Black Panther Party

The Black Panther Party or the BPP (originally the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense) was a revolutionary black power and Marxist-Leninist organization active in the United States from 1966 until 1982, with international chapters operating in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s, and in Algeria from 1969 until 1972.

It was founded in 1966 by Huey P. Newton and Bobby Seale. Founding members were Newton, Seale, Bobby Hutton, and Elbert Howard.

Sylvia Rivera

Sylvia Rae Rivera (July 2, 1951 – February 19, 2002) was an American gay, transgender and civil rights activist and drag queen. 

Rivera was a founding member of both the Gay Liberation Front and the Gay Activists Alliance. With her close friend Marsha P. Johnson, Rivera co-founded the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR), a group dedicated to helping homeless young drag queens and trans women of color.

Rivera was born on July 2, 1951 as Ray Rivera. As a child she found a growing interest in makeup. By grade 4 she was wearing makeup to school. Lacking the support she needed from her family, by age 10, her grandmother disapproved and put her out on the street. Rivera became a child sex worker in Times Square. Later on in her life, Rivera took an interest in human rights, specifically race and gender/sexual orientation. She created the organization STAR (Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries) with her best friend, Marsha P. Johnson. 

But not too long after, Johnson was found dead, floating in the Hudson River. Rivera was devastated, and she even attempted suicide once. In the end, she died of liver cancer in 2002.

Clara Hale

Clara McBride Hale (April 1, 1905 – December 18, 1992), also known as Mother Hale, was an American humanitarian. She founded the Hale House Center, a home for unwanted children and children who were born addicted to drugs.

Hale was born April 1, 1905 in Elizabeth City, North Carolina. She moved to Philadelphia her father died when she was a toddler. Her mother could not pay for her and her siblings, her mother took in lodgers to pay for her family. Clara Hale's mother died when she was sixteen. 

She met Thomas Hale in high school and when they graduated they went to New York together and started a floor waxing company. Thomas and Clara Hale had two children named Lorraine and a son Nathan. Clara Hale adopted a boy named Kenneth the time Thomas Hale was going through cancer and died at the age of twenty seven. 

When a drug addicted mom was at her door step she asked if Hale would take her drug addicted baby. Hale took in the baby and the Hale house began.

Hale died on December 18, 1992 in New York City from stroke-related complications at the age of 87.



Leo Baxendale

Leo Baxendale (27 October 1930 – 23 April 2017) was an English cartoonist and publisher. Baxendale wrote and drew several comics. Among his most famous creations are the "Beano" strips "Little Plum", "Minnie the Minx", "The Bash Street Kids", and "The Three Bears".

Baxendale died on 23 April, 2017 of cancer in Lancashire, England at the age of 86.


Pere Tàpias

Pere Tàpias (19 May 1946 – 22 April 2017) () was a Spanish radio presenter and food writer in Catalonia, Spain. He was the host of a Catalunya Ràdio program, "Tàpies Variades". He was the 2005–2006 Ambassor of Xató. He was born in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Spain.

Tàpias died on 22 April 2017 from liver disease in Sant Pere de Ribes, Spain at the age of 70.

Peter George (professor)

Peter James George, CM, O.Ont (September 12, 1941 – April 27, 2017) was a Canadian economist and university academic. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. On June 30, 2010, he retired after serving three five year terms as President and Vice-Chancellor of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. He became President and Vice-Chancellor in 1995. He was the longest serving President of McMaster University.

George died of cancer at his home in Hamilton, Ontario on April 27, 2017 at the age of 75.


McMaster University

McMaster University (commonly referred to as McMaster or Mac) is a public research university located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on of land near the residential neighbourhoods of Ainslie Wood and Westdale, Hamilton.
It opened in Toronto in 1890. It was named after famous Canadian Senator William McMaster (1811–1887) who donated C$900,000 to create the university. It moved to a larger ground space in Hamilton in 1930. McMaster was controlled by the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec until it became a privately chartered, publicly funded non-denominational institution in 1957. 

The university is co-educational, and has over 25,000 undergraduate and over 4,000 post-graduate students.

The university ranked 4th among Canadian universities and 94th in the world according to the 2015-2016 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. 


Peter Hall (director)

Sir Peter Reginald Frederick Hall CBE (22 November 1930 – 11 September 2017) was a British director, playwright and actor. 

In 1955 he introduced London audiences to the work of Samuel Beckett with the UK premiere of "Waiting for Godot". Hall founded the Royal Shakespeare Company (1960–68) and went on to build an international reputation in theatre, opera, movie and television. He was Director of the National Theatre (1973–88) and Artistic Director of Glyndebourne Festival Opera (1984-1990). 

He formed The Peter Hall Company (1998-2011) and became founding director of The Rose Theatre, Kingston in 2003. Throughout his career, he has been a vociferous champion of public funding for the arts.

On the morning of 11 September 2017, Hall died at University College Hospital in London from pneumonia complicated by dementia, aged 86.


Morelia amethistina

Morelia amethistina (also known as the amethystine python, scrub python or sanca permata) is a form of non-venomous python. It can be found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Australia.

Some specimens of Morelia amethistina have been measured at up to 8.5 metres (27.9 feet) long, but normally they are only up to 5 metres long.

The diet of the Amethystine python is mostly birds, bats, rats, possums, and other small mammals. Some big Australian and Papuan varieties eat wallabies and cuscus.

Saas Balen

Saas-Balen is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is at the foot of the Mischabelhörner and Dom.


Boshin War

The , sometimes known as the Japanese Revolution, was a civil war in Japan, fought from 1868 to 1869 between forces of the ruling Tokugawa shogunate and those seeking the Meiji Restoration of political power to the Imperial Court.


Pambio-Noranco

Pambio-Noranco is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Lugano.



Pregassona

Pregassona is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004, it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Lugano.

The name Pregassona comes from a contraction of the local dialect for "near the Cassone"; the Cassone is a small river that flows through the village.



United Arab List

The United Arab List, commonly known by its Hebrew acronym Ra'am (), is an Israeli Arab political party. 

Its ideology is Arab nationalist and Islamist.

Political leader is Mansour Abbas.

Ra'am was founded in 1996 as an alliance of Mada (Arab Democratic Party) and the southern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel.

Its supporters are Islamic and nationalist Israeli Arabs, especially the Bedouins among them.

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 4 (/).Ra'am was cooperating with Balad, Hadash and Ta'al as part of the Joint List. Together they had 15 seats in the 23rd Knesset.

In 2021 it formally joined a coalition of parties in the Bennett-Lapid Government.


Ta'al

Ta'al, Hebrew: תע"ל‎ , a Hebrew acronym of "Tnu'a Aravit LeHithadshut", Hebrew: תנועה ערבית להתחדשות (the Arab version: "?", Arab: الحركة العربية للتغيير), both meaning "Arab Movement for Renewal", is an Israeli Arab political party. 

Its ideology is right-wing centrist, Arab nationalist, secular and anti-Zionist. Its political leader is Ahmad Tibi. It was founded in the 1990s by Tibi. It ran in the 1996 elections under the name Arab Union, but won only 2,087 votes.

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 2 (-1).

Ta'al cooperated with Balad and Hadash as part of the Joint List until 2022. Together they have 6 seats.

Casimir effect

The Casimir effect (predicted by Hendrik Casimir in 1948) is the attraction of two metal plates in a vacuum. This effect occurs because of a side effect of the quantum uncertainty principle, where 'virtual' particles cause the plates to be slightly pushed towards each other.

The quantum uncertainty principle says that particles, fields, etc. have two values, and that the more accurately you measure one, the less accurately you can measure the other. Since 'empty' space (which is a field) would be completely empty, then we would know both the field's magnitude (which is zero) and its rate of change (also zero). Therefore, there must be tiny fluctuations in 'empty' space, so that the uncertainty principle isn't violated. These take the form of virtual particles, which we wouldn't be able to detect directly. However, we can see the effects they have on real particles. Some of these particles are virtual photons, which can also be considered as waves. Now, between the reflective metal plates, there is a certain distance. Certain virtual photons, specifically ones where the distance divided by the wavelength is a whole number, are the only ones that can fit in here; if it isn't a whole number, eventually the peaks and troughs of the waves will coincide, and cancel it out.

Since there are fewer virtual particles on the inside of the plates rather than the outside, there is a greater force on the outside of the plates. This causes the plates to be pushed inwards. Now, the energy density of the universe is zero. This is because every particle has positive energy, but it also has gravity, which balances it out with negative gravitational energy. Since there are fewer virtual particles within the plates, that means that the energy density of the spacetime between the plates must be less than the energy density of spacetime outside the plates. However, since the energy density of the spacetime outside the plates is zero, that means that the energy density of the spacetime between the plates is less than zero, or negative. Negative spacetime has odd properties, such as being saddle-shaped and allowing travel into the past.

Philippe Mestre

Philippe Mestre (23 August 1927 – 25 April 2017) was a French high-ranking civil servant, media executive and politician. He was born in Talmont-Saint-Hilaire, Vendée.

Mestre was the prefect of Gers, Basse-Normandie, Calvados, Pays de la Loire and Loire-Atlantique. He was the chief executive of "Presse-Océan" from 1981 to 1993.

Mestre served as a member of the National Assembly from 1981 to 1993, representing Vendée. He was the Minister of Veteran Affairs and War Victims from 1993 to 1995. He was a commander of the Legion of Honour and an officer of the National Order of Merit.

Mestre died on 25 April 2017 in Talmont-Saint-Hilaire, aged 89.

Brazo de Oro (wrestler)

Jesús Alvarado Nieves (October 7, 1959 – April 28, 2017) was a Mexican Luchador (professional wrestler).

Alvarado worked under the name Brazo de Oro (Spanish for "Arm of gold"). Alvarado worked as a booker for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and as head of the wrestlers' union. Brazo de Oro was part of the Alvarado wrestling family. Brazo de Oro's son La Mascara is a CMLL wrestler, as are his nephews Máximo and Psycho Clown.

Additionally, Brazo de Oro was previously married to former CMLL World Women's Champion Lady Apache.

Alvarado died on April 28, 2017 after suffering a heart attack in Mexico City at the age of 57.


Audre Lorde

Audre Lorde (February 18, 1934 – November 17, 1992) was an American writer, feminist, womanist, and civil rights activist. She was born in New York City.

Lorde was born almost blind and was tongue tied. At the age of four, Lorde learned how to read and talk. Lorde went to Catholic grammar schools. She went to Hunter College and Columbia University. She would say that “lesbian” and “black” didn’t really define her. She didn’t like being put in those categories. She was a lesbian. She was famous for her strong poems about racism and love.

Lorde died on November 17, 1992 in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands from liver cancer, aged 58.


Austin County, Texas

Austin County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 30,167 people lived there. The county seat is Bellville.

Bexar County, Texas

Bexar County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 2,009,324 people lived there. The county seat is San Antonio.

The county has a total area of 1,256 square miles. It is in south-central Texas.


In 2010, there were 1,714,773 people living in Bexar County.




Atascosa County, Texas

Atascosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 48,981 people lived there. The county seat is Jourdanton.

Blanco County, Texas

Blanco County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 11,374 people lived there. The county seat is Johnson City.

Cameron County, Texas

Cameron County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 421,017 people lived there. The county seat is Brownsville.

Orpheus and Eurydice

The ancient legend of Orpheus and Eurydice concerns the fateful love of Orpheus of Thrace, son of Apollo and the muse Calliope, for the beautiful Eurydice (from "Eurudike", "she whose justice extends widely").

Differential scanning calorimeter

Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), is an analysis tool widely used in materials sciences, thermochemistry, drug purity and food quality testing. Its speed and ease of operation give instant information about the thermodynamic characteristics that play an important role in understanding complex processes during the formation of substances; for instance, polymer cross-linking, heat exchange due to folding and unfolding of proteins or formation mechanism of single or double stranded DNA. The DSC was firstly invented in 1962 by E.S. Watson and M.J. O’Neil and made available to the market in 1963 at the "Analytical Chemistry and Applied Spectroscopy" conference held in Pittsburgh.

The two most common types of differential scanning calorimeter, are "heat flux DSC", which operates by keeping the heat supply to the system as constant and "power-compensated DSC", which works by maintaining the power supplied to the calorimeter as constant. In general, a DSC calculates heat changes by measuring the temperature difference between the sample and reference holder. The typical design of the "heat flux DSC" can be seen from Figure 1. It contains the "sample holder", where the material of interest is placed, and the "reference holder", which is generally kept empty. Both of these are placed on a "support", which is in good contact with the "walls" of calorimeter. The "heating resistor" is attached to the boundary walls that enables one to obtain a furnace generating and keeping the required heat amount inside the enclosure. The "thermocouple" connected to both sample and reference holder is a measuring device that gives the temperature to be used in the analysis. Heat supplied by the "heating resistor" flows further into the sample and the reference materials chambers.

The simplest theoretical approach to understand the working mechanism of DSC’s is called the simplified "linear model" and makes use of the following assumptions:

The Fourier’s law of heat conduction, which is the fundamental law explaining how the heat is transferred through materials can be used to see the relationship between the temperature and the heat flow in the system. This law states that the amount of heat energy passing through a small portion of an area (A) of a material, which is called heat flux density and denoted by formula_1 is equivalent to thermal conductivity (k) multiplied by the change in the temperature with respect to position, which can be denoted as formula_2. This relationship in an equation form can be written as,
formula_3

Generally, in DSC a computer is used to supply heat at specific rate into both the reference and sample holders. When the sample holder contains a substance while the reference kept empty leads to either increase or decrease in temperature of sample holder denoted by formula_4 depending on the following processes: 

Then, the resulting change in the heat flow due to these temperature variations can be found by using the Fourier's law as the following,

formula_5
or
formula_6

Hence, based on this simple model it turns out that there is a direct proportionality(K) between the heat flow and the temperature variations of the sample. This proportionality constant is dependent on the distance from the wall to the sample shown as (Δx), the cross section area of the support (A) and the thermal conductivity (k). Generally, the main results of the DSC experiment is an output signal of heat flow rate as a function of temperature, which are called DSC curves . Analysis of these curves plays an important role in determination of heat of transformation, heat of reactions or any changes in heat capacity due to temperature variations, for instance, the enthalpy of exothermic and endothermic processes can be determined by finding the area under the DSC curve using a mathematical technique called integral calculus.

One of the most important applications of DCS is related to the thermal unfolding of the proteins, a process called denaturation.The DCS’s role in this process is used to determine the temperature range over which proteins exhibit structural changes. In addition to that, when the protein solution is treated under constant heat rate and constant pressure, DSC can determine apparent heat capacities of the proteins. In fact, the denatured proteins turn out to have higher heat capacities and proper detection of changes on them over time can help to find out the extent of unfolding.

Food quality control is one of the most important issues for human health care and well-being. There has been reported many unlawful practices with regard to food products, specifically adulteration of some highly priced vegetable oils and fats. Adulteration is an action of mixing low quality and sometimes harmful ingredients with food products intended to be sold. In this field, DSC is used to analyze the thermal behaviour of lipids mainly by two processes, the cooling process, which reports information about the crystallisation and the heating process, which gives information on the melting behaviour of the building blocks of lipids. The adulteration in fats or oils changes the DSC cooling and heating curves. For example, new peaks appear and existing peaks undergo changes. Hence, analysis of DSC data can be used in estimation of adulteration process on nutrients.

DSC has gained quite a lot interest in drug purity investigation because it requires samples with low quantity (1–2 mg) and is considerably fast in terms of analysis time. For instance, by monitoring the effects of foreign substances, it can be found to what extent a drug is pure. It turns out that impurities decrease the melting temperature formula_7 of the drug. In addition, melting temperature can also be used to estimate the thermal stability of drugs, because the higher the formula_7 the more stable is the protein. Therefore, DSC allows instant monitoring of this temperature leading to much easier and faster way of controlling the drug quality.


Against All Odds (N-Dubz album)

Against All Odds is the second studio album by English hip hop group N-Dubz. It was released on 13 November 2009 by All Around the World. The album spawned the number one single "Number 1".

Love.Live.Life

Love.Live.Life is the third studio album by English hip hop group N-Dubz. It was released on 29 November 2010, as a collaboration by All Around the World and Island Records. Following the release of the album the group announced an long-term break to focus on solo projects.

The group began recording the album following the success of their second album "Against All Odds". Due to the album being released in America, certain UK words like "Blood" and "You get me?" were removed from the final edit of the album, but the group's trademark phrase "Na, na, niii" stayed as the group did not want to lose the respect they had earned from their original fans.

Vito Acconci

Vito Hannibal Acconci (January 24, 1940 – April 27, 2017) was an American designer, architect, and artist. He was born in The Bronx, New York. He was known for his works in Landscape architect and in Installation art. He was known for his performance piece titled "Seedbed". 

Acconci died at his apartment in Manhattan, New York on April 28, 2017 from a stroke, aged 77.


Dina Ali Lasloom

Dina Ali Lasloom (; born 29 March 1993) is a Saudi Arabian teacher who was kidnapped in the Philippines. 

On April 11, 2017, she was traveling from Kuwait to Australia to ask for political asylum. She was stopped in Manila airport. She made a video with a cellphone. IN the video, she said they took her passport and papers. She said that her family would kill her. She wanted to escape a forced marriage. Dina borrowed a phone from a Canadian woman to make the video. In the video, Dina said she was locked up for 13 hours. Then two men came to the airport. Dina said they were her uncles. 

An airport security officer saw three men take Dina. They put duct tape on her hands, feet, and mouth. Then they put her in a wheelchair. THey took her on a Saudia Airlines flight to Riyadh. Other passengers said they heard her scream for help in the airplane.

The video went viral in Saudi Arabia. People used the hashtag #SaveDinaAli. Protesters were waiting for Dina at the Riyadh airport. One Saudi woman, Alaa Anazi, was arrested at the airport. Some women’s rights advocates in Saudi Arabia say Dina was taken to a women’s shelter. Others said Alla Anazi was taken to the shelter. Dina did not get off the airplane with the other passengers. 

Heat of combustion

The heat of combustion, also called calorific value or energy value of a substance is the amount of energy that is released when burning a given amount of the substance. This energy is released in the form of heat, when the substance is burned in standard conditions. 

Heat of combustion ("Δ"H"°") is the measure of the amount of energy released in the form of heat ("q") when one mole of a substance is burned (combustion). The production of heat means the reaction is an exothermic process and gives off energy. Heat of combustion is a specialized form of reaction enthalpy because it is measured at standard conditions and is limited to one mole starting material. The (°) symbol shows that the heat of combustion value is obtained at standard conditions: 25 degrees Celsius (298.15 Kelvin) and at a constant pressure. The pressure is reported both at either one bar or at one atmosphere depending on the source. 

Heat of combustion is also called the enthalpy of combustion because the energy evolved from the combustion reaction results from the change in the overall enthalpy of the starting substance as it reacts completely with oxygen. The terms heat of combustion and enthalpy of combustion are used interchangeably due to the First law of thermodynamics and the relationships between heat at constant pressure ("q"), the change in internal energy (ΔU), and the change in enthalpy (ΔH). 
The equation for the change in internal energy is

Δ"U" = "q - "PΔV. 

If the equation is rearranged, then

q = Δ"U" + "P"Δ"V".

The equation for the change in enthalpy is

Δ"H" = Δ"U" + "P"Δ"V" + "V"Δ"P". 

The term V"Δ"P cancels because there is no change in pressure so

Δ"H" = Δ"U" + "P"Δ"V".

As previously stated,

q = Δ"U" + "P"Δ"V".

Therefore, q = Δ"H".

Heat of combustion measurements are most common for the combustion of organic hydrocarbons, compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen, but can include other atoms found in organic compounds such as nitrogen, phosphorous, sulfur and especially oxygen. Heat of combustion values are most widely used for determining if a substance is an effective fuel source. Many organic compounds can be found in Heat of Combustion Tables

The units for heat of combustion can be varied, but are always reported as a unit of energy per mole or per unit of mass or volume depending on the method used to report the values. To evaluate the efficiency of a substance as a fuel, energy per unit of mass or volume is more convenient. 

As with all combustions and many oxidation reactions, oxygen must be present in order for the substance to combust. Combustion reactions are carried out with oxygen at constant pressure in a calorimeter. A representative combustion reaction is that of methane (CH) in the presence of oxygen

CH(g) + O(g) → CO + HO(l)

The products of the combustion reaction are water and carbon dioxide gas as long as the reactants are oxygen and hydrocarbons. The water product can be in the form of gas or liquid depending on the temperature post-combustion. A true heat of combustion determination has liquid water at the end of the reaction due to the fact that the experiment is returned to the standard temperature of 25°C at which water condenses into liquid.

Ray Wilson

Ramon "Ray" Wilson MBE (17 December 1934 – 15 May 2018) was an English former footballer. He played at left back. He was a member of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup. In 1971, he managed the Bradford City football team. He was born in Shirebrook, Derbyshire.

Wilson lived in Slaithwaite near Huddersfield with his wife Pat. They had two children. In 2004, Wilson was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died of the disease on 15 May 2018 in Slaithwaite at the age of 83.

Everton

England


Dharmendra

Dharmendra (born on 8 December 1935) is an Indian movie actor and politician. His starring roles in action movies earned him nicknames such as "Action King" and "He-Man". One of his most known roles was in "Sholay" (1975).

He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India, representing Bikaner constituency in Rajasthan from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 2004 through 2009.

In 2012, he was honored India's third highest civilian honour Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.


Nicholas Sand

Nicholas Sand (May 10, 1941 – April 24, 2017) was an American chemist. He was a cult figure known in the psychedelic community for his work as a clandestine chemist from 1966 through 1996 for the Brotherhood of Eternal Love. He was born in New York City.

Sand was part of the League for Spiritual Discovery at the Millbrook estate in New York, has been credited as the "first underground chemist on record to have synthesized DMT" and was known for creating and selling large amounts of LSD.

Sand died in his sleep at his home in California of a suspected heart attack on April 24, 2017 at the age of 75.


Terry Cavanagh

Terence James "Terry" Cavanagh (July 19, 1926 – December 17, 2017) was a Canadian politician, businessman, municipal councilor in Edmonton, Alberta. He served as Mayor of Edmonton from November 14, 1975 through October 19, 1977 and again from October 17, 1988 through October 16, 1989. He was Edmonton's first native-born mayor. He served as an alderman in Edmonton until he retired from politics in 2007.

Cavanagh was born in Edmonton on July 19, 1926, to Scottish immigrants. He played for the Galt Red Wings of the Ontario Hockey Association, where he was a teammate of Gordie Howe during his early years. He died on December 17, 2017 in Edmonton at the age of 91.


The Baseline Move

The Baseline Move may refer to:


Zhanjiang

Zhanjiang (), is a prefecture-level city at the southwestern end of Guangdong province, People's Republic of China, facing Hainan to the south.

Its population was 6,994,832 inhabitants at the 2010 census. 1,611,868 live in the built-up area made of four urban districts: Chikan, Xiashan, Potou and Mazhang. In 2007, the city is named China's top ten livable cities by Chinese Cities Brand Value Report, which was released at 2007 Beijing Summit of China Cities Forum.

Bell TH-67 Creek

The Bell TH-67 Creek is a US helicopter. It is a military variant of the famous civilian Bell 206B used for training by the United States Army.


Mad Libs

Mad Libs is a fill-in-the-blank word game invented during the 1950's by Roger Price and Leonard B. Stern.

One player chooses a story and then replaces words with blanks containing (noun, verb, part of body, celebrity, etc.). The other player fills in the blanks by saying the type of the word, but without showing where it is in the story and the words around it. A usually nonsensical story will be made.

Anne Noë

Annie Ida Jenny Noë Haesendonck (born 13 April 1959) is a Belgian football coach and former international goalkeeper. She won 59 caps for the Belgium women's national football team between 1979 and 1994. When playing for the national team, Noë had to wear Jean-Marie Pfaff's old shirts. She stopped playing when she was 35 years old, then became a coach with the Royal Belgian Football Association. In 1999 she was appointed head coach of the national team.


Bone, Idaho

Bone is an unincorporated community in Bonneville County, Idaho, United States. The town has almost no permanent year-round residents. The Bone Store, the only building in town, is known for the brands left on the ceiling by area ranchers. 

Utah Beach

Utah Beach was a codename for one of the five landing beaches in Operation Overlord (D-Day, or the Invasion of Normandy). Utah Beach was landed on by American Rangers, on June 6, 1944, where they breached German defenses. The battle site is located in Normandy, France.

Camp County, Texas

Camp County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 12,464 people lived there. The county seat is Pittsburg.

Bandera County, Texas

Bandera County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 20,851 people lived there. The county seat is Bandera.

Bandera County has a total area of 798 square miles.

Bastrop County, Texas

Bastrop County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 97,216 people lived there. The county seat is Bastrop.

Baylor County, Texas

Baylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 3,465 people lived there. The county seat is Seymour.

Bee County, Texas

Bee County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 31,047 people lived there. The county seat is Beeville.

Bell County, Texas

Bell County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 370,647 people lived there. The county seat is Belton.

Borden County, Texas

Borden County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 631 people lived there. The county seat is Gail.

Grand slam (baseball)

In baseball, a grand slam is a home run hit with runners on first, second, and third base ("bases loaded"). This scores four runs and is the most possible in one play. 

According to "The Dickson Baseball Dictionary", the term came from the card game of contract bridge. A "grand slam" in contract bridge involves taking all the possible tricks. The word "slam", by itself, can mean a loud sound, such as a door being closed with a lot of force. "Slamming the door" on one's opponent(s), is similar to the bat slamming the ball into a home run.

Call of Duty: WWII

Call of Duty: WWII is a first-person shooter video game that was released on November 3, 2017 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. The game was developed by Sledgehammer Games and Raven Software and published by Activision.

Bell 407

The Bell 407 is a is a light helicopter. It was designed and built in the United States by Bell Helicopters from the famous model 206. It was originally designed for civilian purposes. The Bell 407 is often used for transport, as an air ambulance, for law enforcement, news gathering, and movie making. It was changed to be used by the military including the US Army as OH-58D Kiowa Warrior.


Saeed Karimian

Saeed Karimian Saeed Karimian (8 August 1972 – 29 April 2017) was an expatriate Iranian financier and owner of GEM TV who was assassinated in Istanbul, Turkey, on 29 April 2017, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. 

Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms

The Montague–Chelmsford Reforms, sometimes called the Mont-Ford Reforms were reforms introduced to India by the British Raj in 1919. They slowly introduced a system of self-governing institutions.

This was opposed by the Assertive nationalists but welcomed by the Early nationalists.

Deaths in May 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Donald Sarason

Donald Erik Sarason (January 26, 1933 – April 8, 2017) was an American mathematician. He made advances in the areas of Hardy space theory and VMO. He was one of the most popular doctoral advisers in the Mathematics Department at the University of California, Berkeley. 

Sarason died on April 8, 2017 at the age of 84 in Berkeley, California.

Carl Christ

Carl Finley Christ (September 19, 1923 - April 21, 2017) was an American economist and a Professor Emeritus of Economics at Johns Hopkins University. He was known for his works in econometrics, including an early popular textbook.

Christ was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated with a BS in physics from the University of Chicago in 1943. He worked as junior physicist for the Manhattan Project from 1943 to 1945. He then served as an Instructor in Physics at Princeton University, 1945–46, before starting graduate studies in economics at the University of Chicago.

In 1970, he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.

Christ died in Baltimore, Maryland on April 21, 2017 at the age of 93.


Chad Young

Chad Young (July 8, 1995 – April 28, 2017) was an American professional cyclist. He was a part of the cycling team Axeon–Hagens Berman from 2015 until his death in 2017. Young was born in Newmarket, New Hampshire. 

Young died from injuries he got in a crash at the Tour of the Gila in Tuscon, Arizona on April 28, 2017, aged 21.


R. Vidyasagar Rao

R. Vidyasagar Rao (14 November 1939 – 29 April 2017) was an Indian government administrator and engineer. He was the Chief Engineer (Retired) of the Ministry of Water Resources' Central Water Commission, as well as the Advisor on Irrigation to the Government of Telangana. He was born in Jajireddygudem, Telangana.

Rao died on 29 April in 2017 in Hyderabad, Telangana from bladder cancer, aged 77.


Belchior (singer)

Belchior (, born Antônio Carlos Gomes Belchior, October 26, 1946 – April 30, 2017), was a Brazilian singer and composer. He was one of the first MPB singers from the Brazilian northeast to reach mainstream success, in the early 1970s. He was born in Sobral, Ceará, Brazil.

Belchior died on April 30, 2017 at a hospital in Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil from multiple organ failure, aged 70.


Boris Oleynik

Boris Oleynik (; 22 October 1935 – 30 April 2017) was a Ukrainian poet, translator, and politician. He served on the Verkhovna Rada from 1992 to 2006. He was also a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He was a communist. He taught cultural and diplomatic studies at the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. 

Oleynik died on 30 April 2017 of heart failure in Kiev, Ukraine, aged 81.

Les Mills

Leslie Roy "Les" Mills (born 1 November 1934) is a retired New Zealand track and field athlete and politician. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand. He represented New Zealand at the Olympic Games and Commonwealth Games over twenty years, competing in the shot put and discus throw. At the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games he achieved his best result, a gold medal in the games.

Mills opened his first gym in 1968 and gives his name to Les Mills International, a company founded by his son Phillip Mills. He was Mayor of Auckland, New Zealand's largest city, from 1990 to 1998.


Ueli Steck

Ueli Steck (4 October 1976 – 30 April 2017) was a Swiss rock climber and mountaineer. He won two Piolet d'Or, in 2009 and 2014. He was also famous for his speed records on the North Face trilogy in the Alps. He was born in Langnau im Emmental, Switzerland.

In 2008, Steck was the first recipient of the Eiger Award for his mountaineering achievements.

Steck died on 30 April 2017 after being killed in an avalanche in Mount Everest in Nuptse, Nepal, aged 40.


NN ingen Cináed

NN ingen Cináed was the eldest daughter of King Kenneth I (MacAlpin) of the Scots. She was born c. 834 when Kenneth was only 24 years old from an unknown mother. She was the mother of Eochaid, king of Scots who ruled with Giric.

Not much is known about the birth of NN ingen except it happened around 834, somewhere in Scotland. She was born as the eldest daughter of Kenneth and his 11 other siblings, many of whom ruled Scotland.

She married Run mac Arthgail, a king of Strathclyde from c. 872-878. He gave her one child, later to be king of Scots named Eochaid, who was deposed in 889 when she was 55 years old (dead or alive?). She also married Rí na h'Alt Clut who supposedly gave her no child as Eochaid is the only recorded child of NN ingen.
It is unknown when NN ingen Cináed died but would most likely be in the 860s to 880s sometime during or after the reign of Constantine I, Donald I and Eochaid, her son. She died in Ireland.

Macbeth, King of Scotland

Macbeth (Mac Bethad mac Findlaích in Gaelic) was King of Scotland from 1040-1057. William Shakespeare wrote a famous play about him called "Macbeth". In the play, Macbeth is an evil king who murders his cousin so he can become king.

Macbeth was born around 1005 in Morayshire, Scotland. His name in Gaelic was "Mac Bethad mac Findlaích" (in modern Gaelic, it is "MacBheatha mac Fhionnlaigh"), meaning "son of life". His father was Findláech mac Ruaidrí, Mormaer of Moray. When Macbeth was born, he became Mormaer of Moray. Macbeth's mother, Donada, may have been Malcolm II's second daughter.

In 1032, before he became king, Macbeth married Gruoch of Scotland (called "Lady Macbeth" in English). They remained married until his death in 1057. She died three years later, in 1060.

Macbeth may have had one child with Gruoch, but this is not certain. This child was Ferchar Og, Prince of Scots. 

Macbeth did have a stepson, Lulach, who succeeded him as king but died in 1058.

On 14 August 1040, Macbeth murdered his cousin King Duncan I in battle and was crowned King of Scotland. Macbeth was defeated by Duncan's son Malcolm (Canmore) and his ally Siward of Northumbria at Dunsinane Hill in 1054. Specifics of Macbeth's death are uncertain, being mortally wounded in skirmishing about the Cairn o'Mounth Pass into the Dee Valley, or at the Battle of Lumphanan on 15 August 1057. Macbeth was succeeded by his stepson Lulach the Simple (son of Gruoch by her first marriage), although Lulach's authority extended only over northern Scotland.

In 1058, Lulach was killed in battle at Essie by his cousin Malcolm III, who then became king.

Macbeth's burial most likely took place soon after his death. He was buried in Iona, Scotland. This is a place where many kings have been buried, starting with the mythical first King of Scots, Kenneth MacAlpin.

Macbeth is seen in a famous play by William Shakespeare, where he kills his cousin. In real life, Macbeth was more peaceful than this, though he did kill King Duncan I of Scotland.

Young kings of England

Since the reign of the first kings of England the question of who should rule next has been hard to answer. Examples of this are when Edward the Elder died leaving two sons Aelfward and Athelstan, but Aelfward died 28 days after Edward leaving the throne to Athelstan. But when a king picked his successor in the 1100s it was known as the young king. The next king, the prince of Wales usually got to reign as the young king of England before his ascension but both of the young/junior/titular kings never ascended to the throne.

The young kings of England in order of reign were:

Ever since Henry the Young the next in line has never been crowned as young king and just simply prince of Wales or just titled as "the rightful heir to the English throne".For kings of England, see List of English monarchs.

Donald I of Scotland

Donald I was a king of Scotland from the death of his brother Kenneth MacAlpin (13 February 858) to his own death (sometime 862). He was chosen to be the next king as at this time. He was the son of Aílpin II, a king from Ireland.

Donald I was born in 812, most likely in Iona.

Donald I's reign began on 13 February 858 when his brother Kenneth died from natural causes. He was king for only 3-4 years as he died in 862. He left the throne to his nephew, Constantine I.

Donald I died on 13 April 862, 4 years and 2 months into his reign. He died in battle against Vikings. Not much else is known about his death.

Jerry Heller

Gerald Elliot "Jerry" Heller (October 6, 1940 – September 2, 2016) was an American music manager and businessman. He was best known for managing West Coast rap supergroup and gangsta rap pioneers N.W.A and Eazy-E.

Heller was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at the University of Southern California.

Heller became famous in the 1960s and '70s, importing Elton John and Pink Floyd for their first major American tours, and representing Journey, Marvin Gaye, Van Morrison, War, Eric Burdon, Crosby Stills and Nash, Ike & Tina Turner, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Otis Redding, The Who, REO Speedwagon, Black Sabbath, Humble Pie, Styx, The Grass Roots and The Standells, among many others.

In the mid-1980s he worked with R&B and hip hop acts like Michel'le, World Class Wreckin' Cru, J.J. Fad, The D.O.C., Egyptian Lover and L.A. Dream Team.

Heller played a role in the emergence of West Coast rap music when he managed Ruthless Records with Eazy-E and discovered, signed or managed the likes of N.W.A, The Black Eyed Peas, Above the Law, The D.O.C. and Bone Thugs-N-Harmony.

Heller suffered from a heart attack while driving, resulting in an auto accident. He later died on September 2, 2016 in Thousand Oaks, California.


House of Alpin

The House of Alpin, sometimes referred to as the Alpínid dynasty, Clann Chináeda, and Clann Chinaeda meic Ailpín was the house given to the kings of Scotland, titled as "King of the Picts" from the reign of Kenneth MacAlpin I in 843/848 until the death of Malcolm II in 1034. Although some sources claim that the house lasted until the death of Lulach in 1058.


"The reign of Aed is disputed and many sources list the next monarch after Constantine I as Giric."











The house is considered by most to end with the death of Malcolm II in 1034 but some lists state the house lasted until Lulach, this is the extended house including the rest of 1034-1058's monarchs.


House of Dunkeld

The House of Dunkeld was the house for Scottish rulers from 1034-1290. Some sources state it began in 1058 with Malcolm III and that Duncan I through to Lulach were in the house of Alpin but this list will include the monarchs starting with Duncan I, king of Scots.

George Genyk

George William Genyk (June 6, 1938 – April 29, 2017) was an American football lineman and coach. 

Genyk played college football for the University of Michigan from 1957 to 1959 and was the captain of the 1959 Michigan team. He was drafted by the newly formed New York Titans (renamed the Jets in 1963) in the first tier 1960 American Football League Draft. He coached high school football in Michigan for more than 30 years.

Genyk died of stomach cancer at a medical center in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 78.


Constantine I of Scotland

Constantine I, nicknamed the Wine-Bountiful, was a son of Kenneth MacAlpin and was king of Picts "Rex Pictorium" from either 862/863 to 877 when he died in Fife, during a battle against Norse invaders. He was the nephew of his predecessor Donald I and the son of Kenneth MacAlpin I of the Picts and Queen Cinaeth MacDonald. He was styled as king of the Picts but now is traditionally referred to as king of Scots as many consider Kenneth I to be the first king of Scots.

Not much is known about Constantine's birth like many Scottish kings but he was born sometime around 836-844 in Iona, modern day Argyllshire, Scotland. He was the son of Kenneth MacAlpin, king of Scots and an unknown mother, he was a nephew of Donald I, brother to Aed and also to NN Ingen Cináeda.

When Donald I died in 862 of unknown causes, Constantine succeeded him and became the king of Picts, it is unknown if his reign began in 863 with his coronation or 862 with his ascension but most sources agree his reign began in April 862 after the death of his uncle Donald I.

In 877 fighting the Vikings in Fife, Constantine was killed. The throne passed to his brother Aed, as his son was considered too young to be king as he was only around 10 at the time. When Aed died in 878 the throne passed to Donald I, his uncle's son, Constantine's cousin Giric who ruled from 878-889, then finally followed by Constantine's son, Donald II, the last Pictish king who ruled from 889-900, all monarchs after him were styled "King of Alba" or Rex Alban

Áed, king of Scots

Áed or "Ethus", was a king of the Picts from 877 until 878. He was the son of Kenneth MacAlpin, king of Scots and was born around the year 840 somewhere in Scotland. He only reigned for under a year and passed the throne to Giric, possibly grandson or grand nephew to Kenneth I.

Like many early Scot monarchs his birth date cannot be confirmed, but most likely was sometime in the year c. 840, in Scotland. He may have been born in Ireland like some other of Kenneth's brothers and sons.

His reign began when he was around 36-37 years old in 877. He was murdered by Giric, a relative who took the throne after the murder/assassination of Áed in 878.

In 878, probably less than 1 year into his reign, Áed was murdered by Giric (possibly his nephew or cusion). He was buried in Iona, only 37/38 years old.

Áed was the son of Kenneth I, born when he was 30 years old. He is the son of an unknown mother and brother to kings Constantine I and princess NN Ingen Cináeda.

Lesula

The lesula is a kind of Old World monkey discovered in 2007. It was acknowledged it as a new species in 2012. It is found in the northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Green pheasant

A green pheasant ("Phasianus versicolor") is a bird. It is native to Japan and is Japan's national bird.

Turan University

Turan University (, "Turan Ýnıversıteti"; Russian: Университет Туран), is a university in Almaty, Kazakhstan. It is the country’s first private university, founded in 1992.Turan University was registered in 1992 in Almaty.The system of specialist training at the university is conducted on 3 levels of education: basic higher education (Bachelor's programme, the Master's programme and Philosophiae doctor). Turan University offers 25 undergraduate majors,15 master specialties and 5 Philosophiae doctor specialties. The most popular fields are in three departments: economic, humanitarian and legal, Academy of Cinema and Television faculty. Education at the university of Turan is held in three languages: Kazakh, Russian, English.
The main goal of the Turan educational corporation is to create a unique environment for obtaining skills to prepare specialists. Turan University adopted a new academic policy towards innovation and entrepreneurship. 
Admission to Turan University is carried out on the basis of state educational grants. The university also gives its own grants to students who had good marks from school.
The university employs 361 full-time teachers. This includes 55 doctors of science, professors, 215 candidates of science and associate professors, 1 philosophiae doctor. In addition to them, the educational process provides more than 49 practitioners, scientists, teachers and on the basis of staffing and hourly wage. Rector of the university of Turan is Alshanov R.A. Chairman of the university of Turan is Seidumanov S.T.

The university has its own campus with a total area of 35,000m². The main building is 7-storey tall and hosts the administration and the Economics, Humanities and Law faculties.There are 3 football pitches, 3 sports halls and a dormitory on campus.
Educational Corporation "Turan" is a system that provides the principle of continuity and multi-stage education, and includes:


Turan university has an active academic, scientific, sports life, where the initiators of creative ideas are the students themselves.
Students who during the year showed the best results in studies and conducted active scientific work are awarded the honorary title of "Student of the Year". The most active students receive the nomination "The Activist of the Year”. Students can join these organizations to improve their skills of team work:

On May 3, 2017 Turan University organized a training on journalism and press freedom for students from Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. The World Press Freedom Day theme will be promoted among participants and Turan University partners. Organizers will train young reporters to cover general news, finance and business, governance, corruption, elections, women and gender equality, climate change and the environment, health, sport, and the culture of peace.



Giric

Giric was king of the Picts from 878-889. He died around c. 890, showing he may of been deposed or personally abdicated. He ruled with Eochaid, a disputed king of the Picts who claimed the throne during the whole of Giric's reign. He succeeded Donald Áed, after murdering him in 878.

Giric may have been born in c. 832 but this is widely considered theory and not taken as fact, the exact date of Giric is unknown but was definitely after 812.

In 878 Giric murdered king Áed, making him the king of the Picts/Scots. He was the 2nd last king of the Picts/Scots along with Eochaid who ruled with him during his entire reign, he claimed the throne after Áed's death as he was king of Strathclyde and may have been named successor by Áed during 877-878.

Eochaid was a claimant and had a disputed reign, he was born around c. 860, making him nearly 30 years younger than Giric, since Giric was born in c. 832 (according to sources), Eochaid may have murded Giric to try and take the throne himself.

Giric may of abdicated in 889 or have been deposed. It is known that when Giric stopped ruling that Eochaid may of also stopped ruling as records show him dying after 889 and Eochaid's rule also ended in 889.

In 890 Giric died in Scotland. Not much is known about his death as he did not rule at the time and Donald II took the throne after his abdication or deposition.

Eochaid of Scotland

Eochaid was disputably king of the Picts during the reign of Giric, his claim to the throne was being the grandson of Kenneth MacAlpin (possibly) and the son of Run, king of Strathclyde which he declared gave him the right to the throne.

Eochaid was born around c. 860 as son of Run Macarthagail, king of Strathclyde and NN Ingen Cináed. Little is known apart from this about his birth other than it must of took place in Scotland.

His reign began in 878 after the death of Áed, his 1st cousin once removed, which he claimed gave him right to the throne over Giric who was the murderer of Áed. His reign ended in 889 when he was deposed or abdicated, it is unclear.

His death supposedly happened in 889, after he abdicated or was deposed. It is unknown how he died but it was most likely natural causes.

Donald II, his cousin succeeded him and was the last king of the Picts, as after his death in 900 the kingdom of Alba was founded which controlled Pictland and Scotland. Although monarchs were styled as Pictish up until 942/943

Donald II of Scotland

Donald II was king of the Picts and the last to be officially named that, although Constantine II claimed to be king of the Picts, in reality he ruled the newly founded Alban kingdom. He ascended to the throne in 889 after the abdication/deposition of Giric and disputably Giric. He was the son of Constantine I, king from 862-877. Donald died in 900 and was buried in Iona, Scotland.

The exact date of his birth is unknown but thought to be around c. 862, when the reign of his father Constantine I began, after the death of Donald I, the previous of his name.

Donald's reign began in 889 after the end of Giric and Eochaid's reigns. His reign lasted for 11 years when he died in 900. He was succeeded by Constantine II, even though he had 2 children. Malcolm I of Scotland and NN mac Causantín.

It is unknown how Donald died but it happened in 900, 11 years after the start of his reign.

Donald possibly married Sigurda Mac Causantín sometime between 880-900 giving him his 2 children, 1 of whom would go on to rule Alba later on.

Paintings of Scottish monarchs

This list includes colour paintings of Scottish monarchs: The first paintings of Scottish monarchs start with James I. Althought b+w portraits and depictions have been painted long before James I.

Paintings of Scottish monarchs end here but for monarchs of Scotland and England "see Paintings of British Monarchs".

Lorna Gray

Lorna Gray (July 26, 1917 – April 30, 2017) was an American movie actress. She was known for her comic roles, and later in villain roles. She was best known for her roles in Columbia Pictures comedy shorts and Republic Pictures serials. She played Gail Richards in the 1944 serial "Captain America". Gray is also known for appearing with The Three Stooges on multiple shows. She has been known as Adrian Booth since 1945. She retired in 1951.

Gray was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She was married to actor David Brian from 1949 until his death in 1993. Gray died on April 30, 2017 at her home in Sherman Oaks, California from natural causes, aged 99.

Raymond P. Kogovsek

Raymond Peter "Ray" Kogovsek (August 19, 1941 – April 30, 2017) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Colorado's 3rd congressional district from January 3, 1979 through January 3, 1985. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He then served in the Colorado Senate from 1974 to 1978.

Kogovsek was born in Pueblo, Colorado. He studied at the University of Denver. Kogovsek died in Pueblo, Colorado on April 30, 2017 at the age of 75.

Erik Martin

Erik Martin (12 January 1936 – 25 April 2017) was a German writer, songwriter and composer of songs. He was born in Neuss, Germany. He was the founder and editor of the literature and art magazine "Muschelhaufen". In 1997 he received the Klaus-Gundelach-Prize for his merits concerning his environmental protection and his youth novel "Fjellwanderung".

Martin died on 25 April 2017 in Viersen-Dülken, Germany, aged 81.




Constantine II of Scotland

Constantine II (870s - 952) was the first king of Alba, he ruled from the year 900 until his abdication in 943. He was the son of Áed, king of Scots who ruled from 877-878. He was succeeded by his 1st cousin once removed Malcolm in 943 when he abdicated. He died in 952.

Nothing apart from the fact that Constantine's birth happened in Scotland is known about it, although it may of happened in Iona, Scotland in the 870s.

His reign began in the year 900 when he succeeded his cousin Donald II of Scotland and would continue to reign for 43 more years. In 904 he defeated Vikings at the Battle of Streathearn. He oversaw the founding of England by king Æthelstan in 927. He is defeated by Æthelstan in 937 who proclaims himself king of Britain. People in Scotland, Wales, England and Ireland began to cal Æthelstan our father and our lord, and our king. He died in 939 and by 943 Edmund I of England began to invade Scotland to rule the whole of Britain. Constantine, scared of being killed abdicated. Proclaiming he could not handle the English forces. 

After he abdicated, Constantine decided to become a monk, and moved to a monastery in St Andrews, Fife. 11 years later he dies childless, passing the throne to his 1st cousin once removed Malcolm I who ruled until 954, 2 years after the death of Constantine.

Jean Stein

Jean Babette Stein (February 9, 1934 – April 30, 2017) was an American author and editor of Jewish descent. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She was known for her works "West of Eden" and "". She also wrote biographies of United States Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy. In the late 1950s, she was an editor at "The Paris Review". From 1990 to 2004, she was editor of the literary/visual arts magazine "Grand Street".

Stein was married to businessman William vanden Heuvel from 1958 until they divorced in the 1970s. to Nobel Prize-winner Torsten Wiesel from 1995 until they divorced in 2007.

Stein committed suicide by jumping off from her apartment building in New York City on April 30, 2017, aged 83.

Presidente Hayes Department

The Presidente Hayes department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Villa Hayes.

Its code is PY-15.

The Presidente Hayes department is in the central part of the country, in the southwest of the "Occidental" ("Western") region. It has an area of , with a population of 108,520 for a Population density of .


The main rivers in the department are the Paraguay river and its tributary, the Pilcomayo.

The department is divided in 8 districts:



Malcolm I of Scotland

Maíl Choluim mac Domnail (Modern Gaelic: "Mhaoil Chaluim mac Dòmhnall"; 27 March 897 — 3 December 954) often known as Malcolm I was the King of Scotland from 943 until his death in 954. He was the son of Donald II of Scotland and Sigurda Mac Causantin. He succeded his first cousin once removed, Constantine II, who succeded Malcolm's father.

Malcolm was born between 896 and 900 somewhere in Scotland. The place and exact time of his birth is unclear like many of the monarchs before him.

His reign began in 943, 100 years after Kenneth I. His reign lasted 11 years until 954. During his reign he married Bethoc. They had two children, Dub (later to be king) and Kenneth III (also to be king). He also may have had a child named Mogallus mac Malcolm, prince of Scots in 934, before becoming king.

Malcolm died in 954. The throne went to Indulf, and later to his two sons Kenneth and Dub. After his death, many monarchs would take his name as king of Alba "Rex Alban" making him "according to some sources" the first king of Alba, instead of Constantine II.

William vanden Heuvel

William Jacobus vanden Heuvel (April 14, 1930 – June 15, 2021) was an American attorney, businessman and author, as well as a former diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador to the European office of the United Nations in Geneva (1977–79) and United States Deputy Ambassador to the United Nations (1979–1981) during the Jimmy Carter Administration.

He was the father of Katrina vanden Heuvel, longtime editor of "The Nation" magazine, and Wendy vanden Heuvel, children from his marriage to author/editor Jean Stein, the well-to-do daughter of Jules C. Stein, founder of MCA.

Vanden Heuvel died on June 15, 2021 in New York City from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 91.


Pinch hitter

In baseball, a pinch hitter is a batter in place of another batter. Batters can be substituted at any time while there is not an active play. The manager may use any player who has not entered the game. Unlike basketball, American football, or ice hockey, baseball does not have a "free substitution rule". The player replaced by the pinch hitter is never allowed back into that game. The pinch hitter takes the spot in the batting order of the player that he replaces.

The player chosen to be a pinch hitter is often a backup infielder or outfielder. Catchers are not usually pinch hitters because most teams only have two catchers. Pitchers are also not used very often as pinch hitters because they are not very good hitters.

The American League of Major League Baseball, the Pacific League in Japan, the KBO League in Korea, and other leagues use the designated hitter rule. The designated hitter bats for the pitcher but does not play defense.

Pennyroyal

Pennyroyal (scientific name: "Mentha pulegium") is a plant with puce-coloured leaves with a strong smell, said to ward off fleas.

Indulf of Scotland

Indulf was king of Scots from 954-962 and succeeded his cousin Malcolm I to the throne of Alba in 954. He died in 962, 8 years after he became king and passed the throne to his son Dub.

Indulf was king of Alba from 954-962 for 8 years, he was born sometime in the 900's. He reigned after Malcolm I and was succeeded by Dub. An interesting note is that Dub was supposedly black, nicknamed the Niger or the Vehement.

Indulf's reign began in 954 when he was most likely 30 or 40 years old, he died only 8 years later in 962. His legacy is forgotten and does not live on. He is rarely mentioned now.

He died in 962 in Scotland, 100 years after Donald I's death and was succeeded by his eldest son for the first time in the history of Alban Monarchs, Dub.

He is buried in Iona, like most Scottish monarchs from that time period. He was most likely buried not late after his death in around 967/8.

Anubias gilletii

Anubias gilletii is a plant in the Araceae family. It was first described for science in 1901 by Émile Auguste Joseph De Wildeman and Th. Durand.

The plant is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Republic of the Congo, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The plant's leaves are medium-green and spear-shaped. They grow on long stalks. They may grow to about in length. The plant grows in muddy areas near, or in, streams. Sometimes it even grows completely under water.

This plant grows best when only partly under water and when not crowded by other plants. It needs a lot of nutrients. The substrate should be loose and have a lot of iron. The light should be moderate to strong. It prefers a temperature range of 22-26 degrees C (72-79 degrees F). It can be propagated by dividing the stolon or by its seed.

Erkki Kurenniemi

Erkki Juhani Kurenniemi (July 10, 1941 – May 1, 2017) was a Finnish designer, philosopher and artist. He was best known for his electronic music works and the electronic instruments he has designed. He is called as one of the leading early pioneers of electronic music in Finland. Kurenniemi was also a science adviser, a futurologist, a pioneer of media culture, and an experimental film-maker. He was born in Hämeenlinna, Finland.

Kurenniemi died on May 1, 2017 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 75.


Archduke Joseph Árpád of Austria

Archduke Joseph Árpád Benedikt Ferdinand Franz Maria Gabriel (; 8 February 1933 – 30 April 2017) was a member of the Hungarian Palatine branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.

He was born in Budapest, the son of Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria and his wife, Princess Anna of Saxony. He was the great-grandson of Archduke Joseph of Austria, Count Palatine of Hungary.


He received a degree in economics from the University of Lisbon in Portugal.

Bruce Hampton

Bruce Hampton (born Gustav Valentine Berglund III; April 30, 1947 – May 1, 2017) was an American musician. 

In the late 1960s he was a founding member of Atlanta, Georgia's avant-garde Hampton Grease Band. Adopting the moniker Colonel Hampton B. Coles, Retired or alternatively Col. Bruce Hampton Ret., and sometimes playing a sort of dwarf guitar called a "chazoid", he later formed several other bands. Some of those band names include The Late Bronze Age, The Aquarium Rescue Unit, The Fiji Mariners, The Codetalkers, The Quark Alliance, Pharaoh Gummitt, and Madrid Express.

On May 1, 2017, Hampton was being honored with a concert featuring his friends at the Fox Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia for his 70th birthday when he collapsed on-stage of a heart attack during an encore performance of "Turn on Your Lovelight." As a result, Hampton lay slumped over an amplifier on the edge of the stage for several minutes before he was taken offstage for medical attention; because people thought he was joking. He died shortly thereafter at Emory University Hospital Midtown.


George Hugh Niederauer

George Hugh Niederauer (June 14, 1936 – May 2, 2017) was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop Emeritus of San Francisco. Before that, Niederauer served as Bishop of Salt Lake City from 1994 to 2005.

Niederauer was born in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Stanford University, at the Catholic University of America and at Loyola University. Niederauer died on May 2, 2017, in San Rafael, California from lung cancer at the age of 80.


Abelardo Castillo

Abelardo Castillo (March 27, 1935 – May 2, 2017) was an Argentine writer, novelist, essayists. He was born in the city of San Pedro, Buenos Aires. He practiced amateur boxing in his youth. He also directed the literary magazines "El Escarabajo de Oro" and "El Ornitorrinco". He was well regarded in the field of Latin American literature.

In 2014 he won the Diamond Konex Award as the best writer in the last decade in Argentina.

Castillo died on May 2, 2017 in Buenos Aires from pneumonia, aged 82.


Yisrael Friedman

Yisrael Friedman, also known as Pashkaner Rebbe (November 8, 1923 – May 1, 2017) was a Israel rabbi and educator. He was born in Buhuși, Romania. He was a former lecturer at the Tel Aviv University and the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev and the "rosh yeshiva" of a "hesder yeshiva" in Netivot.

Friedman died on May 1, 2017 at a medical center in Tel Aviv, Israel, aged 93.

José Manuel Martín

José Manuel Martín Pérez (born May 24, 1924) is a retired Spanish actor, radio broadcaster, and screenwriter. He was a popular character actor in Spanish cinema during the 1950s and 60s. He is best remembered for playing villainous henchmen, appearing in more than 100 movie and television productions.

Martín born in Casavieja, Spain. He studied at Madrid's Teatro Español Universitario and the Lope de Rueda, and began working for Radio Nacional de España in 1942, before making his feature movie debut in César Fernández Ardavín's 1952 war drama "La llamada de África" starring Ali Beiba Uld Abidin, Yahadid Ben Ahmed Lehbib and Farachi Ben Emboiric.

Martín is particularly noted for his work in the Spaghetti Western genre, alongside regulars such as Aldo Sambrell and Andrea Scotti, with supporting roles in "Savage Guns" (1961), "Gunfighters of Casa Grande" (1964), "Minnesota Clay"(1964), "A Pistol for Ringo" (1965), "Seven Dollars on the Red" (1966), "Arizona Colt" (1966), "A Bullet for the General" (1966), "Blood River" (1967), "100 Rifles" (1969), and "Cut-Throats Nine" (1972).

Martín also had memorable roles in EuroHorror movies such as "Sax Rohmer's The Castle of Fu Manchu" (1969), "The Sinister Eyes of Dr. Orloff" (1973), "Count Dracula's Great Love" (1974), and "Curse of the Devil" (1974).


Mitch Landrieu

Mitchell Joseph "Mitch" Landrieu ( ; born August 16, 1960) is an American politician. He was the 61st Mayor of New Orleans from 2010 until 2018. Landrieu previously served as the 51st Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana from 2004 to 2010. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

His father was Moon Landrieu, the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development during the Jimmy Carter administration. His sister is former United States senator Mary Landrieu.

On November 14, 2021, President Joe Biden announced that Landrieu would be Senior Advisor responsible for the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. He assumed office with the signing of the bill into law on November 15, 2021.


Seth Moulton

Seth Wilbur Moulton (born October 24, 1978) is an American former Marine Corps officer and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Massachusetts's 6th congressional district since 2015.

Moulton served in the Marine Corps during the early years of the Iraq War.

On April 22, 2019, Moulton launched his presidential campaign for the 2020 election. Moulton said that he would seek the Democratic nomination for president during an interview on "Good Morning America", stating "I am here to tell you and to tell America that I am running for President of the United States." He suspended his campaign on August 23, 2019 due to low polling numbers and failed qualifications for the debates.


Harold Bedoya Pizarro

Harold Bedoya Pizarro (December 30, 1938 – May 2, 2017) was a Colombian politician and military personnel. He was General and Commander of the Colombian National Army from 1994 through 1996. Bedoya has also run for President of Colombia in the 1998 and 2002 elections. He was born in Cali, Colombia. On July 24, 1997, Bedoya was forced into retirement by then President Ernesto Samper due to his unwillingness to negotiate with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).

Bedoya Pizarro died at a military clinic in Bogotá from lymphoma on May 2, 2017 at the age of 78.

Kohlrabi

Kohlrabi is a biennial vegetable. Kohlrabi is also commonly known as the German turnip or cabbage turnip. It is related to cabbage. Kohlrabi can be eaten raw as well as cooked. Both the stem and the leaves can be eaten. Is very popular in Northern and Eastern European countries like Germany and Hungary as well as places like northern Vietnam and eastern India. 

Mohamed Talbi

Mohamed Talbi (16 September 1921 – 1 May 2017) was a Tunisian historian and professor. He was the author of many books about Islam. He was born in Tunis. Talbi was appointed president of the Tunisian Academy of Sciences, Letters, and Arts between 2011 and 2012.

Talbi died on 1 May 2017 in Tunis from respiratory failure, aged 95.



Stoyanka Mutafova

Stoyanka Mutafova (née Stoyana-Maria Konstantinova Mutafova; ; 2 February 1922 – 6 December 2019) was a famous Bulgarian actress. During her career, she starred in over 53 theatrical plays and 25 movies.

Mutafova was nicknamed "Ms. Natural Disaster" for a play she performs in and "The Queen of Bulgarian comedy", she was an official applicant for a Guinness Book of World Record as the actress with the longest active professional career. 

At the age of 94 in 2016, she toured the theater halls in major cities of the United States, Canada, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Great Britain and Germany.

Mutafova died on 6 December 2019 in Sofia at the age of 97.

Let L-410

The Let L-410 is a Czech military and civilian transport aircraft. It's a twin-engines aircraft. Many were used by Aeroflot during the Cold War era.

Pingali Venkayya

Pingali Venkayya (2 August 1876 – 4 July 1963) was an Indian freedom fighter and the designer of the flag on which the Indian national flag was based.

Negombo

Negombo (, )is a city north of Colombo on the west coast of Sri Lanka. Bandranaike International Airport is here. Near the waterfront, the remains of a 17th-century Dutch fort now contains a prison. Negombo Lagoon, lined with fishermen's huts, feeds into the Dutch-era Hamilton Canal. The canal leads south to Colombo. The neoclassical St Mary's church, completed in the 1920s, has a ceiling decorated with vivid religious paintings.

Saas Grund

Saas-Grund is a municipality in Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is east of Lenzspitze and Dom.


St. Niklaus, Switzerland

St. Niklaus () is a municipality in the Mattertal, part of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Stalden

Stalden is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It lies at the foot of the Mischabelhörner and Dom ().


Staldenried

Staldenried (Walliser German: "Schtaaluried") is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It has the largest hamlet of Gspon, the hamlets of Zur Kirche and Zur Tanne along with about twenty small villages.


Karel Schoeman

Karel Schoeman (26 October 1939 – 1 May 2017) was a South African novelist, historian, and translator. He was the author of 19 novels and many works of history. He was one of South Africa's most honored authors. 

Schoeman wrote mainly in Afrikaans, although several of his non-fiction books were originally written in English. His novels are increasingly being translated into other languages, notably, English, French and Dutch.

Shoeman died in an act of suicide by refusing to eat or drink at a retirement center in South Africa at the age of 77.


Mishaal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud

Mishaal bin Abdulaziz (5 September 1926 – 3 May 2017) was a Saudi Arabian prince and politician. 

Mishaal bin Abdulaziz served as Chairman of the Allegiance Council from 2007 until his death in 2017 and a senior member of the House of Saud. He held different cabinet posts in the 1950s such as Minister of Defense from 1951 through 1953. He served as Governor of Makkah Province from 1963 through 1971. His father was King Abdulaziz. He was born in Riyadh.

In October 2009, Mishaal bin Abdulaziz was rushed to hospital in Geneva, apparently having suffered a stroke. Then, he returned to Saudi Arabia from unspecified medical treatment in Beirut in December 2009. He died in Riyadh on 3 May 2017, aged 90.


Bob Givens

Robert "Bob" Givens (March 2, 1918 – December 14, 2017) was an American animator, character designer and layout artist. 

Givens worked for many animation studios during his career, including Disney, Warner Bros. Cartoons, Hanna-Barbera and DePatie-Freleng Enterprises. He began his career during the 1930s and continued until the early 2000s. During his career, Givens created the first design for Bugs Bunny. He worked a lot with director Chuck Jones, working under Jones both at Warner Bros. and Jones' own production company.

On December 14, 2017, Givens died in Burbank, California of respiratory failure at the age of 99.

Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji

Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji (Somali: "Cabaas Cabdulaahi Sheikh Siraaji") (15 August 1985 – 3 May 2017) was a Somali politician. He briefly served as the Minister of Public Works and Reconstruction from 4 April 2017 until his death in 3 May 2017.

Siraji was shot and killed on 3 May 2017 when soldiers opened fire as he drove his vehicle near Villa Somalia at the age of 31. The circumstances of the shooting were not immediately clear. Media reports said the soldiers may have perceived Siraji's vehicle as a threat.

Leo K. Thorsness

Leo Keith Thorsness (February 14, 1932 – May 2, 2017) was an American colonel in the United States Air Force and politician. He was born in Walnut Grove, Minnesota. 

Thorsness received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War. He was awarded the medal for an air engagement on April 19, 1967. He was shot down two weeks later and spent six years in captivity in North Vietnam as a prisoner of war with future United States Senator John McCain. After his military service, Thorsness served one term in the Washington State Senate from 1988 through 1992 after beating the current State Senator Eugene V. Lux. He was a Republican.

In 1974, Thorsness ran for the United States senate in South Dakota, but lost the general election to George McGovern. 

Thorsness died on May 2, 2017 in St. Augustine, Florida from leukemia at the age of 85.


Moray Watson

Moray Watson (25 June 1928 – 2 May 2017) was an English actor. His career began in 1953. He retired in 2014. He appeared in several movies, including "Operation Crossbow" and "The Grass Is Greener". He was known for his roles as Col. Arthur Maiford in "The Darling Buds of May" (1991–1993) and George Frobisher in "Rumpole of the Bailey" (1978–1992).

Watson was born in Sunningdale, Berkshire. He studied at Eton College and at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. In 1955, he married Pamela Marmont. They had two children. Marmont died in 1999. Watson died on 2 May 2017 at a hospital in London, England from pneumonia at the age of 88.

Eugene V. Lux

Eugene Victor "Gene" Lux (August 16, 1926 – June 21, 2019) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 35th Legislative District and then the 11th Legislative District from 1973 through 1988.

Lux was also appointed to two brief tenures in the Washington State Senate in the 35th and 11th legislative districts in 1973 and 1988, respectively. He lost his re-election bid to the Washington Senate in 1988 to Colonel Leo K. Thorsness.

Lux was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. He worked as a self-employed building contractor. Lux died on June 21, 2019 at his Seattle home at the age of 92.

Saint Lawrence Seaway

The Saint Lawrence Seaway is a navigable waterway in North America. It is long and allows marine vessels to go from the Atlantic Ocean to all of the Great Lakes. Most of it is in Canada, but a small part of it is in the United States. It gets its name from the Saint Lawrence River, the river which goes from Lake Ontario to the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.

Before the Seaway was built, there was no way for boats and ships to get around the rapids and dams on the Saint Lawrence River. Big ships could not pass Niagara Falls, the waterfalls on the Niagara River between Lake Ontario and Lake Erie. In the early 20th century, the governments of both Canada and the U.S. saw that the cities near the Great Lakes could grow and become an important part of the economy of both countries. There were people in both countries who did not want the Seaway to be built, but the project went ahead.

In 1954, construction began on a system of canals from Montreal in the east to Port Colborne in the west. It included 15 locks where the water level changes, and several places where electricity could be made from the flow of water. The project also involved making the Welland Canal bigger so that large ships can pass through it.

The Seaway was completed in 1959 at a cost of C$470 million. Today, thousands of vessels use it every year, from small recreational boats to huge ocean liners. About 40 to 50 million tonnes of cargo are moved on these ships and they go to all parts of the world including Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It has been an important part of the economic growth of cities like Toronto, Hamilton, Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Milwaukee, and Chicago. There are plans to make the Seaway even wider so that container ships as big as those that travel through the Panama Canal can use it.

Ernest E. West

Ernest Edison "Ernie" West (September 2, 1931 – May 1, 2021) was a United States Army soldier. He was a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart, for his actions in the Korean War.

West was born on September 2, 1931, in Russell, Kentucky. He was drafted from Wurtland in 1950.

After his unit was ambushed near Sataeri on that day, he ran through heavy fire to rescue his wounded commander, Capt. George Gividen. As he was pulling the man to safety, three hostile soldiers attacked. West shielded the commander with his body and killed the attackers with his rifle, suffering a wound which resulted in the loss of his eye in the process. 

Despite this injury, he remained on the field and assisted in the evacuation of other wounded men, at one point killing three more hostile soldiers. For these actions, he was awarded the Medal of Honor just over a year later, on January 29, 1954 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower.

West died on May 1, 2021 in Greenup County, Kentucky at the age of 89.


Howard V. Lee

Lieutenant Colonel Howard Vincent Lee (August 1, 1933 – March 23, 2019) was a United States Marine Corps officer. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in August 1966 during the Vietnam War. He was promoted in July 1972 to lieutenant colonel and retired in 1975 from the Marine Corps. Lee studied at Pace College. 

On October 25, 1967, Major Lee was presented the Medal of Honor by President Lyndon Johnson in a ceremony at the White House.

Lee died on March 23, 2019 in Virginia, at the age of 85.

Arthur J. Jackson

Captain Arthur J. Jackson (October 18, 1924 – June 14, 2017) was a United States Marine. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions on Peleliu during World War II.
PFC Jackson single-handedly destroyed 12 enemy pillboxes and killed 50 enemy soldiers.

On September 30, 1961, while serving at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, Jackson fatally shot Rubén López Sabariego, a Cuban worker at Guantanamo, and unsuccessfully attempted to hide his body in a shallow grave.


Wilburn K. Ross

Wilburn Kirby Ross (May 12, 1922 – May 9, 2017) was a retired United States Army soldier. He is a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II.

Robert E. Simanek

Robert Ernest Simanek (April 26, 1930 – August 1, 2022) was a United States Marine. He was a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Korean War.

The Medal of Honor was presented to him by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in a White House ceremony on October 27, 1953. He was the 36th Marine to receive the medal in the Korean War.

In addition to the Medal of Honor, he was also awarded the Purple Heart, the Korean Service Medal with two bronze service stars, the United Nations Service Medal, and the National Defense Service Medal.

Simanek died on August 1, 2022 in Novi, Michigan at the age of 92.


Duane E. Dewey

Duane Edgar Dewey (November 16, 1931 – October 11, 2021) was an American combat Marine. He received the U.S. military's highest decoration for valor, the Medal of Honor, for his actions on April 16, 1952 during the Korean War. Although wounded by an enemy grenade, he fell on another exploding grenade with his own body to save the life of a corpsman and the other Marines around him.

Charles Kettles

Charles S. Kettles (January 9, 1930 – January 21, 2019) was a retired United States Army lieutenant colonel. He was a Medal of Honor recipient for his services in the United States Army. Kettles received the Medal of Honor on July 18, 2016, nearly 50 years after his actions while serving as a flight commander assigned to 176th Aviation Company (Airmobile) (Light), 14th Combat Aviation Battalion, Americal Division.

Kettles died on January 21, 2019 in Ypsilanti, Michigan at the age of 89.


Bennie G. Adkins

Bennie G. Adkins (February 1, 1934 – April 17, 2020) was a United States Army soldier. He was a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for actions in March 1966 during the Vietnam War.

From March 9-12, 1966 Adkins distinguished himself during a 38-hour close-combat battle against North Vietnamese Army forces during the Battle of A Shau. At the time of the cited action, Adkins was a sergeant first class serving as an Intelligence Sergeant with Detachment A-102, 5th Special Forces Group, 1st Special Forces.

In March 2020 Adkins was hospitalized with COVID-19 in Opelika, Alabama. He died on April 17, 2020 from the virus, at the age of 86.


Robert J. Modrzejewski

Robert Joseph Modrzejewski (born July 3, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps officer. He was awarded the United States’ highest military decoration — the Medal of Honor — for his servies in Vietnam. In a White House ceremony on March 12, 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson presented the Medal of Honor to two Marines for their actions in Vietnam — Major Modrzejeski and Second Lieutenant John J. McGinty, III.


Wesley L. Fox

Wesley Lee Fox (September 30, 1931 – November 24, 2017) was a retired United States Marine Corps colonel with 43 years of service. Fox received the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during the Vietnam War, and was thought to be one of the Marine Corps' legendary heroes.

Fox was born in Herndon, Virginia. He studied at Warren County High School. He married Dotti Fox in the 1950s.

Beginning in September 1967, Fox served in the Vietnam War for 13 months as an executive officer of a South Vietnamese Marine Battalion. In November 1968, he was reassigned to Vietnam as the company commander of Company A, 1st Battalion, 9th Marines until May 1969.

On February 22, 1969, during Operation Dewey Canyon in Quang Tri Province, he was wounded twice. He was wounded the first time in the shoulder when his company was attacked by a large enemy force. A first lieutenant at the time, Fox then personally neutralized one enemy emplacement and directed his company to destroy others. After his company's executive officer was mortally wounded, he continued to direct the company's actions, ordering air strikes and coordinating the advance until the enemy retreated; Fox, the only officer left in his company that was capable of resisting the enemy, was wounded again in the final assault, but refused medical attention while he reorganized his troops and prepared the wounded for evacuation.

For his heroic actions that day he was presented the Medal of Honor by President Richard Nixon on March 2, 1971.

Fox retired from the Marine Corps as a full colonel in September 1993 at the mandatory age of 62. Fox has written a book about his experiences in the military, "Marine Rifleman: Forty-Three Years in the Corps" (), and was featured on the 2003 PBS program "American Valor".

Fox died in Blacksburg, Virginia in the evening of November 24, 2017 at the age of 86.


Roger Donlon

Roger Hugh Charles Donlon (born January 30, 1934, died January 25, 2024) is a former United States Army officer. He is the first person to receive the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam War, as well as the first member of the U.S. Army Special Forces so honored.

Patrick Henry Brady

Patrick Henry Brady (born October 1, 1936), is a retired United States Army major general. While serving as a helicopter pilot in the Vietnam War, he received the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest military decoration for valor.

Beatrice Mintz

Beatrice Mintz (January 24, 1921 – January 3, 2022) was an American embryologist who has helped to the understanding of genetic modification, cellular differentiation and cancer, particularly melanoma.

Mintz was a pioneer of genetic engineering techniques, and was among the first scientists to generate both chimeric and transgenic mammals.

Mintz was born on January 24, 1921 in New York City. She studied at New York University and at the University of Iowa.

In 1996 she shared the inaugural March of Dimes Prize in Developmental Biology with Ralph L. Brinster for their work in developing transgenic mice. Much of her career has been spent at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia where, in 2002, she was named to the Jack Schultz Chair in Basic Science. Mintz was a member of both the United States National Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Sciences.

Mintz turned 100 in January 2021. She died on January 3, 2022 in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania from problems caused by dementia at the age of 100.


Ágnes Keleti

Ágnes Keleti (born Ágnes Klein, 9 January 1921 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-Israeli retired artistic gymnast and coach. 

While representing Hungary in the Summer Olympics, she won 10 Olympic medals including five gold medals, and is thought to be one of the most successful Jewish Olympic athletes of all time. Keleti holds more Olympic medals than any other individual with Israeli citizenship, and more Olympic medals than any other Jew, except Mark Spitz. She was the most successful athlete at the 1956 Summer Olympics. In 1957, Keleti immigrated to Israel, where she currently resides.


Edgar Morin

Edgar Morin (; born Edgar Nahoum on 8 July 1921) is a French philosopher and sociologist. He has been known for his work on complexity and "complex thought," and for his scholarly contributions to such diverse fields as media studies, politics, sociology, visual anthropology, ecology, education, and systems biology.

Morin holds degrees in history, economics, and law. Though less well known in the United States due to the limited of English translations of his over 60 books, Morin is renowned in the French-speaking world, Europe, and Latin America.



Thaanaa Serndha Koottam

Thaanaa Serndha Koottam () is an 2018 Tamil-language action-thriller film written and directed by Vignesh Shivan and produced by K. E. Gnanavel Raja.

All the events in this movie happen in the period of 1986–1987. The film begins with Pallavaram Paranjothi Pandian attending an interview for a clerk's post and getting rejected due to lack of money for giving bribes to the officials.

Now the story shifts to Nachinarkiniyan aka Iniyan attending CBI interviews and his friend attending police interviews. Both are rejected due to lack of bribe money for the post. Iniyan's father Porchelvan works as a CBI office clerk. He wants his son to be an officer, hence he pleads for the posting for his son to his higher officials.

However, he earned the wrath of his senior official officer Uthaman, a corrupt official. Once during a raid, he asks for money. Porchelvan did not approve of this and complains about Uthaman in the form of an anonymous letter. Uthaman learns of this and exacts revenge by purposely rejecting and humiliating Iniyan at the interview and later asking him to bribe in order to get the job. Iniyan and his father are dejected, and Iniyan's friend is dejected due to his failure in the interview, and he later commits suicide.

Iniyan is depressed after all these events and decides to loot money from the corrupted and rich people. He loots black money and tries to reform society, making sure the deserved people get posting in the government departments. He forms a gang with him and starts to heist by posing as CBI and income tax officers.

The CBI appoints Kurunjivendhan to investigate and capture the thieves. Meanwhile, Iniyan falls in love with Madhu, and she accepts his marriage proposal. One day, the gang conducts an interview for the CBI (fake). The gang plans to raid a jewelry shop. Uthaman and Kurunjivendhan come to know about this, but learn that they already came and finished the raid. Kurunjivendhan apprehends Iniyan and wants him to be a police inspector, but he rejects the offer as he believes that even more good can be done if he continued to do his deeds. He then reveals the force with Kurunjivendhan is actually the men he gave jobs using the heist money. He escapes the place with ease.


Samaira Sandhu

Samaira Sandhu is an Indian film actress, model, author and a former beauty queen. She debuted in the Tamil film "Dhayam" which was released on March 24, 2017.

Samaira was born in Punjab, India and lived her life in Chandigarh. She was completed B.Tech and MBA and worked for some time in a multinational company as a software engineer. She was an active participant of theater and sports during college and school. In 2015, she turned her profession from a software engineer in to a beauty queen and then an actor.

Samaira wrote her first novel "Heaven in a Hell" in 2015.

Samaira Sandhu is the brand ambassador of two NGOs, Chandigarh Round Table (CRT) and Handicapped Children and Women Association (HCWA).

Dhayam

Dhayam is an Indian Tamil movie written and directed by Kannan Rangaswamy. The film was theatrical released on 24th March 2017. A. R. S. Sunder is the producer of the movie. Music composed by Sathish Selvam and cinematography by A. Packiaraj.


The entire movie was shot inside a single room, the film stars Santhosh Prathap, Jayakumar, Samaira Sandhu, Shyam Krishnan and Aira Agarval are in leading roles.

Daliah Lavi

Daliah Lavi (Daliah Lewinbuk, ; 12 October 1942 – 3 May 2017) was an Israeli actress, singer, and model. 

Lavi's movie appearances include Vincente Minnelli's "Two Weeks in Another Town" (1962), Mario Bava's gothic classic "La Frusta e il corpo", or "The Whip and the Body" (1963), the role of The Girl in "Lord Jim" and the first Matt Helm movie, "The Silencers" (1966), opposite Dean Martin. However, her best-known role is probably as 'The Detainer/007' in "Casino Royale" (1967).

Lavi died on 3 May 2017 in Asheville, North Carolina at the age of 74.


Victor Lanoux

Victor Lanoux (18 June 1936 – 4 May 2017) was a French actor. He was best known to English speaking audiences for his role as Ludovic in "Cousin, Cousine".

In 1961, Lanoux met Pierre Richard who was looking for someone to partner his cabaret act. They worked together for a number of years, including a season at the Bobino and a tour of "Le Gorille".

Lanoux died in Royan, France on 4 May 2017 from complications of a stroke at the age of 80.

Roy Gater

Roy Gater (22 June 1940 – 2 May 2017) was an English footballer. He played for Port Vale, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, Crewe Alexandra, Weymouth, Dorchester Town and Christchurch. He made 412 league and cup appearances in a 13-year career in the Football League.

Heinz Kessler

Heinz Kessler or Heinz Kebler (26 January 1920 – 2 May 2017) was a former East German communist politician, military officer and a convicted felon. He is known for his role in political repression in East Germany prior to the communist regime's downfall in 1989.

In East Germany, he held the rank of "Armeegeneral" in the National People's Army ("Nationale Volksarmee") and was Minister of Defense of the GDR, a member of the "Politbüro" of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), and a deputy of the GDR's "Volkskammer" (parliament).

Convicted for his role in the crimes of the communist regime, he was sentenced to seven-and-a-half years in prison after German reunification, and served his sentence in a Prison. He was removed from prison in 1998 after serving only five years.

Kessler was expelled from the Party of Democratic Socialism in 1990. In 2009, he joined the German Communist Party (DKP). He was a DKP candidate in the Berlin state election, 2011. Kessler died 2 May 2017 at the age of 97.

Medical cannabis

Medical marijuana, aka medical cannabis, is cannabis and cannabinoids that are given by doctors to their patients. The use of marijuana as a medicine has not been tested much because it can be difficult to get enough of it to test and because of other governmental regulations.

Medical cannabis can help with nausea and vomiting during chemotherapy. It can improve appetite in people with HIV/AIDS. It can reduce chronic pain and muscle spasms.

Short-term use makes it more likely that there will be side effects. Common side effects include feeling tired, dizziness and hallucinations. Long-term effects of marijuana are not clear. Concerns include memory problems, risk of addiction and children taking it by accident.

The "Cannabis" plant has been used as medicine for thousands of years in many cultures. Its current use is controversial.

Medical marijuana can be given in different ways. They include vaporizing, smoking dried buds, eating foods that have cannabis in them, taking capsules or using lozenges.

Recreational use of marijuana is illegal in most parts of the world. The medical use of cannabis is legal in some countries, including the Czech Republic, Canada, Austria, the Netherlands, Italy and Germany. Australia is working to pass a law that will allow the use of marijuana for medical and scientific purposes. In the United States, federal law says all use of marijuana is illegal. But more than 30 states and the District of Columbia no longer arrest people for having medical marijuana, as long as they follow a state's medical marijuana rules.

Antonov Serial Production Plant

Antonov is an aircraft manufacturer. It is based in Kiev, Ukraine. In the 20th century it made some of the largest aircraft in history. The Antonov 225 cargo plane is long. Its wingspan is . It has six engines. It is longer than the Airbus A380. This plane is only used for cargo. It is longer than the Spruce Goose but the Spruce Goose's wingspan is longer. 

Antonov also makes passenger planes like the An-148 and the An-140. Antonov was established on May 31, 1946.

Oranjestad, Aruba

Oranjestad is the capital and largest city of Aruba. Oranjestad is on the southern coast near the western end of the island country. 

The city is named after the first King William I of the Netherlands. Oranjestad means "Orange Town" and one of the king's titles was Prince of Orange.

Jerzy Stuhr

Jerzy Oskar Stuhr born 18 April 1947) is a Polish movie director, screenwriter, dramatist and actor. Stuhr has directed eight movies since 1994 and he has appeared in many movies. He is the best known as an actor from the movie "Seksmisja" (1983). 

Stuhr was born in Kraków, Poland.

Timo Mäkinen

Timo Mäkinen (18 March 1938 – 4 May 2017) was a Finnish racecar driver. He was one of the original "Flying Finns" of motor rallying. He was most famous for his hat-tricks of wins in the RAC Rally and the 1000 Lakes Rally, both were won in 1973. He was born in Helsinki.

Mäkinen died in Helsinki on 4 May 2017 from myelodysplastic syndrome at the age of 79.

Ronna Romney McDaniel

Ronna Romney McDaniel (born March 20, 1973) is an American political strategist who served as the chairwoman of the Republican National Committee from 2017 to 2024. A member of the Republican Party, She also was the chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party from 2015 to 2017. McDaniel is the granddaughter of George W. Romney and the niece of Mitt Romney.

Since McDaniel's leadership, the Republican Party has had a net loss of seven governorships, three seats in the United States Senate, and 19 seats in the House of Representatives, and the presidency.

McDaniel and her husband, Patrick McDaniel, have two children. They live in Northville, Michigan.

On October 2, 2020, the Republican National Committee said McDaniel had tested positive for COVID-19 on September 30. She had been staying at her home in Michigan since September 26 after one of her relatives tested positive.

On March 8, 2024, McDaniel resigned from her post after the Super Tuesday primary elections.

American Health Care Act of 2017

The American Health Care Act of 2017 (H.R. 1628), referred to by the acronym AHCA and nicknamed variously as Trumpcare, Ryancare, Republicare, and pejoratively Obamacare-Lite, is a United States Congress bill to repeal and replace the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act "Obamacare" (ACA). It is based on a plan first publicly released by House Republicans on March 6, 2017, and the first part of what is a 3-phase plan to repeal the act. 

Consideration of the bill was postponed on March 24, 2017, after it failed to gain enough House Republican support to pass it. Towards the end of April 2017, Republicans began trying to revive the bill with the MacArthur Amendment, named after Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey.

On May 4, 2017, the United States House of Representatives voted in favor of repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passing the American Health Care Act with a narrow vote of 217 to 213, sending the bill to the Senate for a full majority vote.

Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi may refer to:

DWIN-TV

DWIN-TV is an commercial TV station owned by People's Television Network. Its studio and transmitter is located at ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, Brgy. Lara, San Fernando, Pampanga. It can be seen also in some parts of Metro Manila and Antipolo City via weak signal.


Izzue Islam

Muhammad Izzul Islam bin Mazlan, better known as Izzue Islam (born 2 June 1990) is a Malaysian singer, musician and actor. 

He is from Kota Bharu, Kelantan. His artistic career began with acting and later singing by joining a group under the auspices of the CREW Studios the Forteen.

He first became known after winning the award for "best actor Film Festival Malaysia-25" and "New Hero Awards Greatest blockbuster movies are 2". His name is increasing when given the responsibility of undertaking the lead role in the drama My Wife Actually, here it is! 

He has set up his household along with his Manager, Awin Nurin on 2 June 2013. The Group also performed the song ' Nowseeheart Me Please Love ' during the event.

Television

DZBB

DZBB (pronounced DZ-double-B; 594 AM) Super Radyo is a radio station owned and operated by GMA Network. It serves as the flagship station of the Super Radyo network and one of the assets of GMA Radio and GMA Integrated News. The station's studio is located at the 3rd floor of GMA Network Studio Annex, EDSA corner GMA Network Drive, Diliman, Quezon City, while its transmitter is located along Camia St., Brgy. Panghulo, Obando, Bulacan.


Découvertes Gallimard

(English-language edition: "The Search for Ancient Egypt") was published on 21 November 1986, which is written by the French Egyptologist Jean Vercoutter.

The birth of this collection was based on an idea by Pierre Marchand, then directed by Élisabeth de Farcy. There are 588 volumes plus more than 150 books of spin-offs in this collection, each book focuses on a particular topic, such as history and archaeology, culture and society, art and aesthetics, science and technology, a biography of a famous person, or memories of places, etc. The whole collection covers almost everything of human knowledge. The A6 paper size (125 × 178 mm) is used for these pocket books and printed on thick and glossy coated paper, with a lot of full colour illustrations extracted from heritage resources to decorate the informational texts. Each book has a “Documents” section, more detailed documentary information and historical records are provided here, as well as the sources of all illustrations for those who want to learn further.

The "Découvertes" collection has been translated into more than 20 languages and sold over 20 million copies worldwide as of 1999. The English edition of "Découvertes Gallimard" is published by Harry N. Abrams in United States under the title Abrams Discoveries series, and in United Kingdom it is published by Thames & Hudson called New Horizons series.


Huddersfield Giants

The Huddersfield Giants are a Rugby League team based at the John Smiths Stadium in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire.
They currently play in the Superleague.

The club's most famous player is Eorl Crabtree.

Star network

Star networks are one of the most common computer network topologies. In its simplest form, a star network consists of one central node, typically a switch or hub, which acts as a conduct to transmit messages. In star topology, every node (computer workstation or any other peripheral) is connected to a central node.

Bus network

A bus network is an arrangement in a local area network (LAN) in which each node (workstation or other device) is connected to a main cable or link called the bus.

A bus network is simple and reliable. If one node fails to operate, all the rest can still communicate with each other. For a major disruption to take place, the bus itself must be broken somewhere. Bus networks are easy to expand. Additional nodes can be added anywhere along the bus.

There are several limitations to the bus network topology. The length of the bus is limited by cable loss. A bus network may not work well if the nodes are located at scattered points that do not lie near a common.

Port Elizabeth

Port Elizabeth is the large city in the Eastern Cape. Port Elizabeth is also pronounced P.E. The very own place which is near to is Cape Town. PE is one of South Africa's well know Xhosa City in the Cape Colony. Since February 2021, the name of Gqeberha, from the Xhosa name of the township of Walmer, has been formalized by the South African government to designate the city of Port Elizabeth.

The history of South Africa Eastern Cape, tells that the Dutch rule came and made racism in Port Elizabeth, which moved across Namibia, Zimbabwe and Angola.

The National Statue Assembled by Ruan Swartz was made in early 1847, when it was The Bulls Kraal ("Indlalofa YeBulu") which has mads P.E very different and notable worldwide business men and women to make a living of it.

Since February 2021, the name of Gqeberha, from the Xhosa name of the township of Walmer, has been formalized by the South African government to designate the city of Port Elizabeth.


Former Xhosa president of South Africa Nelson Mandela who stopped the attack in 1965 to 1984, when he was released for the equality he had made for Africa and black Americans. The known Southern African city which had its own strikes Port Elizabeth has notable people, like actors, actresses, political and political peopls, singers and many more current events.

It is the home to notable people such as:


Täsch

Täsch is a municipality in Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is about 5 km north of Zermatt. The local language is Swiss German.

Törbel

Törbel (Walliser German: "Terbil") is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. The highest point in the peak of the Augstbordhorns at .


Arable land

Arable land (from Latin "arabilis", "able to be plowed") is land capable of being plowed and used to grow crops. 

It is different from pasture land for raising animals.


Visperterminen

Visperterminen (Walser German: "Tärbinu") is a municipality of the district Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Zeneggen

Zeneggen (Walliser German: "Zeneggu") is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Bandaranaike International Airport

Bandaranaike International airport ( ; IATA: CMB, ICAO: VCBI) is the main international airport serving Sri Lanka. It is named after former Prime Minister SWRD Bandaranaike. It is in a suburb of Negombo, 22 miles (35 km) north of the capital, Colombo. It is administered by Airport and Aviation Services (Sri Lanka) Ltd. It is the hub of SriLankan Airlines, the national carrier of Sri Lanka, and Cinnamon Air, the domestic carrier. 

Chelsea, Massachusetts

Chelsea is a city in Suffolk County, Massachusetts. It is directly across the Mystic River from the city of Boston. As of 2020, the population of Chelsea was 40,787.

Chelsea is a diverse working-class community. It has a lot of industrial activity. It is one of only three Massachusetts cities in which most of the people are Hispanic or Latino. (The other two are Lawrence and Holyoke.)

Chelsea was named after a neighborhood in London, England.

R. Lee Wrights

Roger Lee Wrights (June 8, 1958 – May 4, 2017) was an American politician and political activist. He was the founder, editor, and publisher of the online libertarian newsletter "Liberty For All". 

Wrights was the National Vice Chair of the Libertarian National Committee, serving several different times in that role. Wrights was an unsuccessful contender for the 2012 presidential nomination of the Libertarian Party, finishing as first runner-up to the eventual nominee Gary Johnson. He was briefly a candidate for Governor of Texas in 2014.

Wrights died on May 4, 2017 in Houston, Texas from multiple organ failure caused by cardiac arrest, at the age of 58.


Buhe (politician)

Buhe or Bu He (; March 1926-May 5, 2017), also known as Yun Shuguang, was a Chinese politician. The eldest son of the powerful Inner Mongolia leader Ulanhu. Buhe served as Chairman of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region between 1982 and 1993. Between 1993 and 2003 he was Vice Chairman of the National People's Congress.

Buhe was a member of the 12th and the 13th Central Committees of the CPC. He died on 5 May 2017 at age of 91.

Benny Elon

Binyamin "Benny" Elon (, November 10, 1954 in Jerusalem – May 5, 2017 in Jerusalem) was an Israeli Orthodox rabbi and politician.

Elon served as a Member of Knesset for Moledet and the National Union between 1996 and 2009. From 2001 through 2002 and again from 2003 to 2004, Elon served as Israel's Minister of Tourism in the First and Second Sharon cabinet.

Elon lived in Beit El, an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, for twenty years. He was married to author and journalist Emuna Elon. They had six children. 

His father, Menachem Elon, was the former Deputy Chief Justice of Israel. His brother, Rabbi Mordechai Elon, is a well-known and controversial figure in the Religious Zionist Movement.

In February 2006, Elon was diagnosed with throat cancer. He was treated but it was never cured, and he was forced to retire due to health problems because of it in 2008. After eleven years, he died from the condition at the age of 62.


Almir Guineto

Almir de Souza Serra (12 July 1946 – 5 May 2017), better known by his stage name Almir Guineto, was a Brazilian sambista, singer-songwriter and instrumentalist. He worked in the genres of samba and pagode. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Guineto died on 5 May 2017 in Rio de Janeiro from complications of chronic kidney disease and diabetes, aged 70.


Ali Haroun

Ali Haroun (; born 8 February 1927) is an Algerian politician. He was a member of the High Council of State from 14 January 1992 to 30 January 1994.

Haroun was born in Bir Mourad Raïs, Algeria. He is of Sunni Islam faith.

Corinne Erhel

Corinne Erhel (3 February 1967 – 5 May 2017) was a French politician. Erhel joined the Socialist Party. In 1997, she became assistant parliamentarian for Alain Gouriou, deputy mayor of Lannion. She was a member of the National Assemby from 2007 to 2017, where she represented the Côtes-d'Armor department. She was born in Quimper, Finistère.

Erhel died at the age of 50 on 5 May 2017 of a heart attack while she was giving a speech in Plouisy, Côtes d'Armor at a meeting in support of Emmanuel Macron for the 2017 French presidential election.


Adolph Kiefer

Adolph Gustav Kiefer (June 27, 1918 – May 5, 2017) was an American former competition swimmer. He was the oldest living American Olympic champion and last Olympic champion of Berlin. He was also a former world record-holder. Kiefer was also an inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition. He was the first man in the world to swim 100-yard backstroke in under one minute.

Kiefer was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin.

In the 1960s, he worked with Mayor Richard J. Daley to build swimming-pools across the inner city of Chicago, providing the facilities needed for thousands of children to learn to swim.

Kiefer died on May 5, 2017 at his home in Wadsworth, Illinois at the age of 98.


Ely Ould Mohamed Vall

Colonel Ely Ould Mohamed Vall (1953 – 5 May 2017) was a political and military figure in Mauritania. He served as the transitional military leader of Mauritania following a "coup d'état" in August 2005 until 19 April 2007, when he gave up his power to an elected government.

Vall died on 5 May 2017 from a heart attack in Nouakchott at the age of 64.

Paddy Hopkirk

Patrick Barron "Paddy" Hopkirk (14 April 1933 – 21 July 2022) was a rally driver from Northern Ireland. In 1965, he won a "Coupe d'Argent" at the Alpine Rally.

In 1968, he finished second at the second edition of the Rally de Portugal. The following year, he finished second of the Circuit of Ireland, then 4th at the 1970 London to Mexico World Cup Rally with teammates Tom Nash and Neville Johnston on a Triumph 2.5 PI. In 1977, with co-driver Taylor Mike, he took part once again in a revived edition of the London-Sydney Marathon, the Singapore Airlines London to Sydney Rally, this time driving a Citroën CX 2400, taking 3rd place overall in front

Hopkirk was born in Belfast and studied at Clongowes Wood College in County Kildare from 1945–1949 before attending Trinity College, Dublin until 1953. 

Hopkirk was awarded the MBE Honour in the 2016 New Year's Honours list.

Hopkirk died on 21 July 2022, aged 89.


Rex White

Rex White (born August 17, 1929) is a retired American auto racer and NASCAR champion. White was one of the drivers who competed for the original Ford racing team. 

White was born and raised in Taylorsville, North Carolina. 

White began racing in 1956, grabbing fourteen top-ten finishes. After a part-time run in 1957, White won twice in 1958. His most notable year came in 1960, when he won six races, and the NASCAR Grand National (now Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series) championship. When he retired in 1964, he had acquired 73 career victories. Throughout most of White's NASCAR career, he drove General Motors brand cars, typically painted gold and white, sporting the number "4" on the side. 

After he retired, White was inducted into the National Motorsports Press Association (NMPA) Hall of Fame in 1974, and was named one of NASCAR's 50 Greatest Drivers in 1998.

In January 2015 White was selected as an inductee to the NASCAR Hall of Fame. At the time, White was NASCAR's ""oldest living champion at 85 years of age"".


Bill Lucas (athlete)

William Ernest "Bill" Lucas DFC (16 January 1917 – 24 March 2018) was a British former long-distance runner. He was born in London. Lucas competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Lucas is known as the oldest living Olympian. He served as a bomber pilot with the Royal Air Force in the Second World War. 

Lucas turned 100 in January 2017. He died in Cowfold, West Sussex on 24 March 2018 at the age of 101.

John Shifflett

John M Shifflett (March 22, 1953 – April 27, 2017) was an American Jazz musician, player of the Double bass and also an arranger, composer, and educator, with his last teaching job at San Jose State University.

John Shifflett was born in Dubuque, Iowa. He graduated in 1976 from Iowa State University. Later, while at the University of Iowa, John was their big band and jazz combo bass player, appearing at festivals such as the Notre Dame Collegiate Jazz Festivals in April 1979 and in March 1980.

Dog bite prevention

Dog bite prevention is what can be done to stop dogs from biting. This takes work to educate people on what they can do to stop a dog from biting. People can get serious injuries or even die from dog bites. About 16,000–39,000 persons come near dogs and other animals that have rabies each year. These people receive immunizations to prevent or treat a rabies infection. Up to 800,000 Americans are treated for dog bites each year. Half of these are children. Young children get bitten by their family dog. Very old people are more likely to be bit than younger adults.

About 4.5 million people in the US get bit by dogs each year. One out of five bites become infected. Dog bites are painful. 
dog bites can cause injuries or even death.

If you know how to stop an dog from biting you will not be injured or die. Babies and children get bit more often than others. Small children can be bit if they walk toward or play with a dog. They should be watched by adults. Those children who are five-years-old to age nine are the most likely to be bit by a dog. Children need medical care for their bites more than adults. Men get bitten more than women. Over half of dog bites happen at home with dogs that are pets. If a home has many dogs then it is more likely that the people living in the home will be bitten. If there are two or more dogs in a home, the people in that home are fives more likely to be bitten.

When a dog is friendly it still may bite. If a dog wags its tail people think the dog is friendly. When a dog wags its tail it can be afraid, ready to fight, or angry. Dogs can wag their tail and then bite a person.

Government and other organizations have published information that can help stop a dog from biting. They say:

People may know if the dog has already been seen growling, snapping or biting. This may be a dangerous dog and bite people. Dogs can show if they are going to bite because of how they stand and act. People can learn how to see how the dog looks and act. People can learn the body language of dogs and know when the dog might bite. If the dog is snarling, has a wrinkled nose, eyes that are black, and fur that stands up, the dog is dangerous and might bite.

Just because a dog walks toward another dog or a person doesn't mean that it will bite. A dog is less likely to bite if more caution is practiced by the person. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have published materials so that children and others can know how they should act around a dog. Acting in a safe way will reduce the chance of a bite:

Even if you are attacked by a dog, you can protect yourself.

Find a doctor:

Training a dog makes it less dangerous. Children can learn how to not get bitten by a dog.

Janelle Kirtley

Janelle (Jane Ellen) Kirtley Godfrey (December 8, 1943 - April 28, 2017) was an American former World Champion water skier. She was born in Birmingham, Alabama. In 2001 she was recognized with the Award of Distinction from the Water Ski Hall of Fame, and she was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 2009.


Julius Youngner

Julius S. Youngner (24 October 1920 – 27 April 2017) was an American Distinguished Service Professor in the School of Medicine and Department of Microbiology & Molecular Genetics at University of Pittsburgh responsible for advances necessary for development of a vaccine for poliomyelitis and the first intranasal equine influenza vaccine.

Agnes Giebel

Agnes Giebel (10 August 1921 – 24 April 2017) was a German classical soprano. She was born in Heerlen, the Netherlands. She studied at the Folkwang Hochschule in Essen and made her first public appearance as a singer in 1947. Her career lasted until the 1990s during which she established a wide-ranging discography. Giebel's career was based on the works of music such as cantatas, oratorios, passions, and masses and was thought to be one of the greatest Bach singers of her generation.

Giebel died on 24 April 2017 in Cologne, Germany at the age of 95.


K. S. Chandrasekharan

Komaravolu S. Chandrashekhar (21 November 1920 – 13 April 2017) was an Indian-Swiss professor at ETH Zurich. He was a founding faculty member of School of Mathematics, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR). He was known for his work in number theory and summability and was given numerous awards including Padma Shri, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award, Ramanujan Medal, and Honorary fellow of TIFR.


Coinage

Coinage may refer to:

Edwin Sherin

Edwin Sherin (January 15, 1930 – May 4, 2017) was an American-Canadian theatre and television director and producer. He has directed many episodes of the television drama "Law & Order", as well as directing for the stage, mainly on Broadway, including "The Great White Hope", which starred Alexander in both the theater and movie versions.

Altikon

Altikon is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Andelfingen, Switzerland

Andelfingen is the capital of the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Bachenbülach

Bachenbülach is a municipality in the district Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Bachs

Bachs is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Bulge

Bulge may refer to: 


Bäretswil

Bäretswil is a municipality in the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Leila Seth

Leila Seth (October 20, 1930 – May 5, 2016) was an Indian judge. She was the first woman judge on the Delhi High Court and she became the first woman to become Chief Justice of a state High Court on August 5, 1991. She retired from the court on October 20, 1992. Seth was born in Lucknow, British India.

Seth died on May 5, 2017 at her home in Noida, India from cardio-respiratory arrest at the age of 86.


2012 French presidential election

The 2012 French presidential election was a presidential election in France that took place on 22 April 2012 and 5–6 May 2012. The incumbent president, Nicolas Sarkozy, ran for a second term.

The main candidates were Nicolas Sarkozy from the Union for a Popular Movement, François Hollande from the Socialist Party, Marine Le Pen from the National Front, Jean-Luc Mélenchon from the Left Front, François Bayrou from the Democratic Movement, Eva Joly from The Greens, Nicolas Dupont-Aignan from Debout la France, Philippe Poutou from the New Anticapitalist Party, Nathalie Arthaud from Lutte Ouvrière and Jacques Cheminade from Solidarity and Progress.

On 22 April 2012, François Hollande won 29% of the vote with Nicolas Sarkozy winning 27%. Both candidates advanced to the second round of the election, which Hollande later won with 52% of the vote.


National Rally

The National Rally (French: "Rassemblement national" or RN) is a far right political party in France. It used to be called the National Front until 2018.

The party was founded on 5 October 1972 by Jean-Marie Le Pen. The party was first called the National Front for French Unity ("Front national pour l'unité française"). Their most successful performance in the legislative elections was in 1997, where they received 14.9% of the vote in the 1st round and 5.7% in the 2nd round. Recently, they won the 2014 European Parliament election with 24.85% of the vote.

Only on three occasions has an FN / RN candidate advanced to the second round of the french presidential elections, Jean-Marie Le Pen in 2002 and his daughter Marine Le Pen in 2017, (again in 2022). Jean-Marie Le Pen heavily lost the second round, as he only received 17.8% of the vote; Marine Le Pen also lost the second round, only receiving 33.9% of the vote.

Jean-Marie Le Pen was leader of the party from 1972 until 2011. In 2011, the party voted to make Marine Le Pen leader. She wanted to soften the party's image. Marine Le Pen expelled her father from the party in 2015 after he made some controversial statements. On 24 April 2017, a day after the first round of the 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen stepped down from her position. Steeve Briois is now the temporary leader.

The party is patriotic. The party is very Eurosceptic (meaning they are against the European Union) and wants to limit immigration. Marine Le Pen supports letting the government control health, education, transportation, banking and energy.


2007 French presidential election

The 2007 French presidential election was a presidential election in France that took place on 21–22 April and 5–6 May 2007. The incumbent president, Jacques Chirac, decided not to run for a third term.

The main candidates were Arlette Laguiller from Lutte Ouvrière, Nicolas Sarkozy from the Union for a Popular Movement, Ségolène Royal from the Socialist Party, François Bayrou from the Union for French Democracy, Jean-Marie Le Pen from the National Front, Olivier Besancenot from the Revolutionary Communist League, Philippe de Villiers from the Movement for France, Marie-George Buffet from the French Communist Party, Dominique Voynet from The Greens, José Bové, Frédéric Nihous from Hunting, Fishing, Nature, Tradition and Gérard Schivardi from the Workers' Party.

On 22 April 2007, Nicolas Sarkozy won 31.2% of the vote and Ségolène Royal winning 25.9% of the vote. Both candidates advanced to the second round of the election, which Nicolas Sarkozy later won with 53.1% of the vote.


Sophie Howard

Sophie Louise Howard (born 17 September 1993) is a football defender who plays for 1899 Hoffenheim of Germany's Frauen-Bundesliga. Since 2017, she has been a member of the senior Scotland national team.

Howard played twice for the Germany women's national under-20 football team in 2012. She was named in Germany's squad for the 2012 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Japan, but did not get to play in any matches. In 2016 she was called into a training camp for England's new "Next Gen" team. She said: "Although I was born and brought up in Germany it’s always been my ambition to play for England, and hopefully I’ve now taken my first step."

In March 2017 she was called up into the Scotland national team. The Scots had three injured defenders and were allowed to pick Howard because her grandfather is Scottish. She made her senior international debut on 11 April 2017, as a 64th-minute substitute in a 5–0 friendly defeat by Belgium in Leuven.


Anubias afzelii

Anubias afzelii is a plant in the Araceae family. It was first described for science in 1857 by Heinrich Wilhelm Schott. That description was based on material collected in Sierra Leone by Adam Afzelius. Schott named the species after him. The genus "Anubias" was described at the same time. Only "A. afzellii" belonged to it. This is therefore the type species of the genus. "A. afzelii" was the first species of this genus known to science.

The plant is found in West Africa: Senegal, Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Mali.

The plant's leave blades are elongated (long and thin) and leathery. They can be up to long and wide. The leaf stems are generally shorter than the blade. The leaves are set on a creeping and rooting rhizome. It is thick. The spathe is long (sometimes up to 9 cm long). It has a long peduncle. The spadix is long (sometimes up to 12 cm long). It is a little bit longer than the spathe. Therefore, the tip of the spadix sticks a little bit out of the spathe. The upper part of the spadix is covered with male flowers. Their 5-6 stamens are fused. The anthers (also called thecae) are on the sides. The lower part of the spadix is covered with female flowers. These are reduced to the ovary and stigma.

The plant grows in wet, shady places. It flowers from the end of March to July. It fruits from April to September. The plant grows above water, but can sometimes be completely under water.

This plant grows best when only partly under water and when not crowded by other plants. It is most suited for the paludarium. It can also be used in larger aquariums, where it grows very slowly. It does not need much light. It prefers a temperature range of 22-26 °C. It can be propagated by dividing the rhizome. Propagation by seed is also easy.

Bauma

Bauma is a municipality in the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipality of Sternenberg merged into the municipality of Bauma.
Bauma, Sternenberg, Saland, Dillhaus, Dürstelen, Neuthal, Wolfensberg, Wellenau, Lipperschwändi and Schindlet.


Steven Holcomb

Steven Holcomb (April 14, 1980 – May 6, 2017) was an American bobsledder. He competed from 1998 until his death in 2017. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Vancouver, he won the 4-man bobsled event for the United States, its first gold medal in that event since 1948. At the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, he finished sixth in the four-man event and 14th in the two-man event.

Holcomb attained the rank of Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America (BSA).

Holcomb was found dead in his room at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Lake Placid, New York, on May 6, 2017. He was 37. A preliminary report from the local coroner said that Holcomb died in his sleep from a possible case of pulmonary congestion, with further tests still waiting.


Milites

Milites is the Latin word for "soldiers". In Ancient Rome the milites were the foot soldiers of the Roman army. There were many different types and ranks of milites in the Roman army 

In the early Middle Ages the word "milites" was used to describe free men using weapons. Later, the term applied to soldiers on horseback, then to the social class of knights, and finally to the nobility in general. The Knights Templar were known as "Milites Templi".

C. Jackson Grayson

C. Jackson "Jack" Grayson, Jr. (October 8, 1923 – May 4, 2017) was an American businessman and writer. He was the chairman of APQC, dean of two business schools, head of the U.S. Price Commission (1971), a farmer, newspaper reporter and FBI agent. In 1977 he founded APQC as a private sector, non-profit organization.

Grayson was the United States Chair of the Price Commission from 1971 to 1973 under President Richard Nixon. In that position, Grayson oversaw price controls. Grayson gained exposure to productivity issues and how they related to product pricing. Grayson went on to found the American Productivity and Quality Center in 1977 where he now resides as chairman and oversees the organization's public education improvement initiatives.


Amancio Escapa Aparicio

Amancio Escapa Aparicio (30 March 1938 – 5 May 2017) was an Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in León, Spain. Escapa Aparici was ordained to the priesthood in 1962. He served as titular bishop of Cenae and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santo Domingo from 1996 until 2016.

Aparicio died on 5 May 2017 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic at the age of 79.

Val Jellay

Valerie "Val" Muriel Jellay (25 September 1927 – 6 May 2017) was an Australian actress, soubrette, singer, dancer and author. She also appeared in "Prisoner" as Mabel Morgan, and in "Neighbours" as Connie O'Rourke. She appeared in many guest roles in Australian soap operas.

Jellay died in Sydney from pneumonia on 6 May 2017 at the age of 89.

Rais Khan

Ustad Rais Khan (25 November 19396 May 2017) was a Pakistani sitarist from Karachi, Pakistan. Rais Khan was awarded the Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 2005.

Min Bahadur Sherchan

Min Bahadur Sherchan (20 June 1931 – 6 May 2017) was a Nepalese mountaineer and former British Gurkha soldier. In 2008, the 76 year old became the oldest climber to summit Mount Everest. He lost the record five years later to 80 year old Japanese mountaineer Yuichiro Miura. 

Sherchan died of a suspected heart attack at Everest Base Camp on 6 May 2017 while trying to reclaim his title at the age of 85.

Elon Lages Lima

Elon Lages Lima (July 9, 1929 – May 7, 2017) was a Brazilian mathematician. His research concerns differential topology, algebraic topology, and differential geometry. Lima was an influential figure in the development of mathematics in Brazil.

Lima was professor emeritus at Instituto Nacional de Matemática Pura e Aplicada of which he was the director during three separate periods.



Gholamreza Pahlavi

Gholamreza Pahlavi (15 May 1923 – 7 May 2017) was a Persian prince and a member of the Pahlavi dynasty, as the son of Reza Shah and half-brother of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. 

Following the death of his half-sister Ashraf Pahlavi on 7 January 2016, Gholamreza became the only living child of Reza Pahlavi. He resided in Paris with his family.

In 2005, he published a book titled "Mon père, mon frère, les Shahs d'Iran" ("My father, my brother, the Shahs of Iran"), in 2005, dealing with both his experience and thoughts about the future of Iran.

Prince Gholam Reza died at the age of 93 from pneumonia-related complications at the American Hospital of Paris on May 7, 2017.

Wu Wenjun

Wu Wenjun () (12 May 1919 – 7 May 2017) was a Chinese mathematician and academician at the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).

Wu was awarded the State Preeminent Science and Technology Award by President Jiang Zemin in 2000, when this highest scientific and technological prize in China began to be awarded. He also received the TWAS Prize in 1990 and the Shaw Prize in 2006. He was the President of the Chinese society of mathematics.

Wu died on May 7, 2017, 5 days before his 98th birthday in Beijing.


5-demicube

In five-dimensional geometry, a demipenteract or 5-demicube is a semiregular 5-polytope, constructed from a "5-hypercube" (penteract) with alternated vertices removed.

It was discovered by Thorold Gosset. Since it was the only semiregular 5-polytope (made of more than one type of regular facets), he called it a 5-ic semi-regular. E. L. Elte identified it in 1912 as a semiregular polytope, labeling it as HM for a 5-dimensional "half measure" polytope.

Coxeter named this polytope as 1 from its Coxeter diagram, which has branches of length 2, 1 and 1 with a ringed node on one of the short branches, and Schläfli symbol formula_1 or {3,3}.

It exists in the k polytope family as 1 with the Gosset polytopes: 2, 3, and 4.

The graph formed by the vertices and edges of the demipenteract is sometimes called the Clebsch graph, though that name sometimes refers to the folded cube graph of order five instead.

Eva García Sáenz de Urturi

Eva García Sáenz de Urturi (1972 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country) is a Spanish novelist.

She moved out to Alicante, Valencian Community, when she was 15. She lives there since then. After getting a degree as optometrist, she got a job at University of Alicante into the optical sector.

In 2012 wrote "La saga de los longevos" being this one her first novel. The book was published via Amazon.com by her own after she tried to contact with several publishing houses without success. However "La saga de los longevos" became a hit.

Two years later she wrote "Los hijos de Adán" and "Pasaje a Tahití", also with a good reception.

In 2016 she published her fourth book: "El silencio de la ciudad blanca" settle in her home town. In this one, she joined into a police academy, where she took two courses of crime scene investigation and reveal of footprints.



IC

IC is a shortening of involuntary celibacy, incelhood or incelibacy. It may also refer to:


The Eagle

The Eagle originally opened as the Eagle and Child. It is one of the larger pubs in Cambridge. The pub is managed by Greene King Brewery and owned by Corpus Christi College. Apart from the main pub, it has a beer garden. There are drawings and words made by people in the army from World War II in the ceilings and walls. On February 28, 1953 Francis Crick and James Watson discovered "the secret of life" in The Eagle: they had come up with their proposal for the structure of DNA. Today the pub serves a beer to remember this discovery, named Eagle's DNA.

Benken, Zürich

Benken is a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Berg am Irchel

Berg am Irchel is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Bertschikon bei Attikon

Bertschikon bei Attikon (or Bertschikon) was a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipality of Bertschikon bei Attikon merged into the municipality of Wiesendangen.


Bonstetten, Switzerland

Bonstetten is a municipality in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Boppelsen

Boppelsen is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Brütten

Brütten is a municipality of the district of Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Bubikon

Bubikon is a municipality in the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Bubikon, Wolfhausen, Barenberg, Berlikon, Bürg and Wändhüslen


Alberto Hurtado

Saint Alberto Hurtado Cruchaga, S.J. was a Jesuit priest who was canonized (recognized as a Catholic saint) on October 23, 2005, by Pope Benedict XVI. 

He was born Luis Alberto Hurtado Cruchaga on January 22, 1901, in Viña del Mar, Chile. He was of Basque origin. As well as being a Jesuit priest, he was also a lawyer, social worker, and writer. He founded the Hogar de Cristo Foundation. In Chile, he was popularly known as Padre Hurtado.

He died from cancer on August 18, 1952 in Santiago, Chile. In 2005, Pope Benedict XVI canonized him.

Alberto's father died when he was four years old. After this, his mother had to sell, at a loss, their modest property in order to pay the family’s debts. Because the family was so poor, Alberto and his brother had to go to live with relatives and were often moved from one family member to another.

Alberto got a scholarship that allowed him to study at the famous all-boys Jesuit school of St. Ignacio, Santiago. He studied there from 1909 to 1917. At the parish and school, Hurtado assisted in the office and was librarian. During this time, he also volunteered at the Parroquia Nuestra Señora de Andacollo, a Catholic parish and school in a poor neighborhood of Santiago.

Fernando Vives, a teacher at the St. Ignacio school, was one of the most important people in Hurtado's life. Even during Vives' exile in Spain (1918–1935), they stayed in contact with each other. Vives was a great influence on Hurtado.

From 1918 to 1923, Hurtado attended the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. He studied in its law school and wrote his thesis on labour law. He had to interrupt his education because he was required to serve in the military. However, he was able to go back to school afterward, and earned his degree early in August 1923.

Rather than starting a career in law, Hurtado entered the Jesuit novitiate in 1923. 

In 1925, he went to Córdoba, Argentina, where he studied humanities. 

In 1927 he was sent to Barcelona, Spain, to study philosophy and theology, but because of the suppression of the Jesuits in Spain in 1931, he went on to Belgium and continued his studies in theology at Louvain. He was ordained a priest there on 24 August 1933, and in 1935 obtained a doctorate in pedagogy and psychology.

Hurtado was canonized on October 23, 2005, by Pope Benedict XVI, becoming his country's second saint.

Buch am Irchel

Buch am Irchel is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Buchs, Zürich

Buchs is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Bülach

Bülach is the capital of the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Midlands Engine Strategy

Midlands Engine Strategy was an economic plan that Chancellor Phillip Hammond spoke about in 2017. On 9 March 2017, the government of the United Kingdom said it was made to be a powerful way to make the economy grow. The plan said the Midlands was the center of the UK economy. The Midlands makes abount one out of every five things in the UK. £392 million is going to be invested in the Midlands as part of the plan.
The plan had five main goals

2002 French presidential election

The 2002 French presidential election was a presidential election in France that took place on 21 April and 5 May 2002. The incumbent president, Jacques Chirac, decided to run for a second term.

On 21 April 2002, Jacques Chirac from the Rally for the Republic won 19.9% of the vote and Jean-Marie Le Pen from the National Front won 16.9% of the vote. Both candidates advanced to the second round of the election, which Jacques Chirac later easily won with 82.2% of the vote.


Bruno Mégret

Bruno Mégret (born 4 April 1949 in Paris) is a French politician. He was the leader of the National Republican Movement, but retired from politics in 2008.

He holds a master's degree from University of California, Berkeley. He is also a reserve army captain.

In 1985, he joined the right-wing political party National Front. In 1986, he was elected to the National Assembly, representing Isère. He organized Jean-Marie Le Pen's 1987 election campaign. From 1989 to 1999, he was also a member of the European Parliament.

Mégret did not agree with Le Pen's extreme political views, believing that it did not help with their public image. In 1998, Bruno Mégret left the "Front National" and founded the National Republican Movement ("Mouvement National Républicain").

He ran for president in the 2002 French presidential election. He received 2.33% of the vote, and did not advance to the second round. He endorsed Le Pen in the second round.

Mégret was sentenced to 8 months of probation and was fined 8,000 Euros after he used public funds to fund his presidential campaign.


Daniel Gluckstein

Daniel Gluckstein (born 3 March 1953 in Paris) is a French politician.

He was the lead candidate for the Workers' Party in the 1994 European Parliament election; he later received 0.43% of the vote. He ran for president in the 2002 French presidential election. He received 0.47% of the vote, with 132,686 votes.

In June 2008, he created the Independent Workers' Party ("Parti Ouvrier Indépendant") together with Gérard Schivardi.

Party for Japanese Kokoro

The Party for Japanese Kokoro (Japanese: 日本のこころを大切にする党 "Nippon no Kokoro wo Taisetsu ni Suru Tō," which literally means "The party that cares for Japan's heart") was a political party in Japan.

The Japan Restoration Party was formed on 12 September 2012 and was led by mayor of Osaka, Tōru Hashimoto, and Shintaro Ishihara. The party split in 2014 due to a disagreement over a merger with another party. Ishihara left to form the Party for Future Generations (Japanese: 次世代の党 "Jisedai no Tō") on 1 August 2014.

The party lost many seats in the 2014 Japanese general election. They received 2.65% of the vote. Ishihara announced that he would be leaving politics two days after the election.

According to Ayako Mie, the party's policies are "a mix of conservative security policies, stricter immigration laws and advocacy of traditional values on the one hand, and 'liberalism' in economic areas on the other, such as pursuing regulatory reform." The party was also patriotic. The party was seen as right-wing or far-right.

The party dissolved on 1 November 2018. The party's last party leader was Kyoko Nakayama.


Kheer

Kheer is an Indian sweet made with short thin strands of semiya. It is a Hindi word.This sweet originated from India. It is made by boiling bambino or vermicelli in milk. It is best when served hot.

2014 Japanese general election

The 2014 Japanese general election (Japanese: 第47回衆議院議員総選挙 "Dai-yonjūnanakai Shūgiin giin sōsenkyo", literally: the 47th House of Representatives general election) was the 47th general election in Japan which took place on 14 December 2014. The election also led to the appointment of Shinzō Abe as Prime Minister of Japan.

Below are the election results.

Shaun Kenny-Dowall

Shaun Kenny-Dowall (born 23 January 1988) is a New Zealand professional rugby league player. He plays for the Newcastle Knights of the National Rugby League (NRL). He also played for the Sydney Roosters from 2008 to 2017. He played more than 200 games and scored over a hundred tries for the Roosters. He won the 2013 premiership with the team. He has also played for the New Zealand national team.

Kenny-Dowall was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. His father, John, won a gold and silver medal at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.


Anubias gigantea

Anubias gigantea is a plant in the Araceae family. It was first mentioned by Auguste Chevalier in 1920. This was based on material that he had collected in Guinea. The first description for science was in 1939 by John Hutchinson. It is closely related to "A. afzelii" from which it differs only by the form of the leaf-blade.

"A. gigantea" var. "tripartita" Chevalier, 1920 and "A. hastifolia" var. "robusta" Engler, 1915 are invalid names (synonyms) for "A. gigantea".

The plant is found in West Africa, including the countries of Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, and Togo.

The plant's leave blades are large and arrow-shaped. They can be up to long and wide. The leaf stems are a little bit shorter till up to 2.5 times longer than the blade. The leaves are set on a creeping and rooting rhizome. It is thick. The spathe is long and has a long peduncle. The spadix is up to long. It is a little bit longer than the spathe. Therefore, the tip of the spadix sticks a little bit out of the spathe. The upper part of the spadix is covered with male flowers. Their of which the 4-6 stamens are fused. The anthers (also called thecae) are on its sides. The lower part of the spadix is covered with female flowers. These are reduced to the ovary and stigma.

The plant is grows in wet rocky places at the banks of rivers or in the riverbed. It flowers from February to April.

This plant grows best when only partly under water and when not crowded by other plants. It is most suited for the paludarium. It can also be used in larger aquariums, where it grows very slowly. It does not need much light. It prefers a temperature range of . It can be propagated by dividing the rhizome. Propagation by seed is also easy.

Dachsen

Dachsen is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Moon Jae-in

Moon Jae-in (; born 24 January 1953) is a South Korean politician. He was the 12th President of South Korea from 10 May 2017 until 9 May 2022. He won the majority vote in the 2017 presidential election.

Moon was the opposition leader of the Minjoo Party of Korea from 2015 to 2016. He was a member of the 19th National Assembly. He was the Democratic United Party's candidate for the 2012 presidential election after winning a majority in the party primaries. However, lost the election to Park Geun-hye.

He was formerly a lawyer and chief of staff to late President Roh Moo-hyun prior to getting into politics.

In April 2018, Moon and Kim Jong-un formerly attended the inter-Korean summit of 2018. They both agreed to formally end the Korean War before 2019.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in South Korea, Moon became well known for his handling of the virus and had positive support over it. It helped his party win a historic victory in the 2020 legislative election.


Dägerlen

Dägerlen is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Lou Richards

Lewis Thomas Charles "Lou" Richards (15 March 1923 – 8 May 2017) was an Australian rules footballer. He played 250 games for the Collingwood Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1941 and 1955. e captained the team from 1952 to 1955, including a premiership win in 1953. He later became a hotel manager and a highly well known sports journalist. He was born in Collingwood, Victoria.

Richards was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1981, received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000, and was awarded a Centenary Medal in 2001.

On 8 May 2017, Richards died at his nursing home in the Melbourne suburb of Windsor from dementia-related complications at the age of 94.

Dällikon

Dällikon is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
In 1843 the village of Dänikon left Dällikon become an independent municipality.


Buchs

Buchs can mean:

Lagenandra dewitii

Lagenandra dewitii is a plant in the Araceae family. It was first described for science in 1986 from living plants and dried herbarium material. It is named in honour of the Dutch botanist Hendrik de Wit.

The plant is found only in Sri Lanka.


Aesch

Aesch is the name of three municipalities in Switzerland:

Dänikon

Dänikon is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
Until 1843 it was part of the municipality of Dällikon.


Bob Beatty

Robert "Bob" Beatty is the head football coach for the Trinity Shamrocks, a high school football team located at Trinity High School in Louisville, Kentucky. He is the most successful High School Football coach in Kentucky state history, having won 12 state championship titles, and 1 National Championship over the course of his forty-year long career.

In 2011, he was named by "USA Today" as the National High School Coach of the Year. Beatty was the East's head coach at the U.S. Army All-American Bowl in 2012.

In 2013, he was named by "Athlon Sports" as the tenth most important High School Football Coach in the United States. On January 10, 2017, he was given the Key to the City of Louisville, Kentucky, by Mayor (and Trinity graduate) Greg Fischer.

Beatty was born on June 7, 1955, in Butler, Missouri. In 1974, he went to Missouri Southern State College, where he graduated in 1978 with a Bachelor's in Education. In 1980, Beatty married his wife Jayne. They have two grown up children, Jennifer and David.

Beatty's Coaching Career began in 1978, when he took a job as an Assistant Coach at Clinton High School in Clinton, Missouri. He worked there for two years, then he moved to Liberty, Missouri. Beatty was also a teacher during that time.

In 1980, Beatty took a job as the Offensive Coordinator for William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri. He worked at the job from 1981 to 1986. Beatty then left the college and moved to Blue Springs, Missouri. Beatty was also a teacher during that time.

In 1986, Beatty took a job as the Offensive Coordinator at Blue Springs High School, in Blue Springs, Missouri. He was there until 1997, when he was offered the position of head coach. He took the role and was their head coach until the year 2000, when he moved to Louisville, Kentucky. Beatty was also a teacher during that time.

Beatty came to Trinity High School in 2000 to be the head coach of the Trinity Shamrocks Football team. The very next year, Beatty led the team to victory over rival Male High School in the 2001 state championship. Beatty kept up his winning streak by winning the state championships in 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, and 2012. However, in 2013, the Shamrocks ended the season 6-6. Beatty took this as a sign that his team needed a complete makeover. He said: "It's been a long time since we ended a season with a loss. You find out whether you want to spit that taste out of your mouth or swallow it again."

Beatty chose to follow up these words with a plan. He fired all but one of his defensive coordinators, and hired Jay Cobb, a former head coach at Knott County Central, Somerset, and Campbellsville, as the new defensive coordinator. After the shakeup, Trinity went on to win the state championship the next year in 2014, as well as in 2016.

In addition to serving as the Head Football Coach, Beatty also works at Trinity as a teacher for freshmen at the school. He teaches a course that combines Physical Education, as well as Health education, which includes information on drugs, alcohol and tobacco, as well as anatomy and physiology.

Below is a list of Trinity High School's State Championship Wins during the tenure of Head Coach Bob Beatty.
Below is a year-by-year breakdown of Beatty's coaching record at Trinity.

In late May 2013, a Trinity player approached Beatty and said, “I can’t wait for practice to start.” Beatty allegedly was startled by the comment. “You’re ready for me to scream and yell and cuss and spit?” he asked. “Sure,” the player said. “You’re not my friend. You’re my coach." According to Beatty, he had to smile, because that's the way he approaches his players. “I don’t have 17-year-old friends, I have 17-year-old champions."

According to Beatty, his team trains, practices, and plays for 11 months of the year. In 2013, he stated, "If you are going to be in this program, you have to punch the clock." In late April, when Beatty starts practices for the next season, Beatty allegedly tells his players "You better pray hard, because you belong to me now." He also stated in an interview that "We try to get more done in two hours than other teams do in two weeks. There are no superfluous meetings. It’s all about efficiency and winning."

Beatty has sent many of his former players to the NCAA D-I level. He coached quarterback Brian Brohm, who was featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" while he was a junior in high school at Trinity and who later played for the Louisville Cardinals, as well as with the Green Bay Packers and Buffalo Bills. Beatty also coached former quarterback Nick Petrino, who is the son of Louisville Cardinals football coach Bobby Petrino.

Butler, Missouri

Butler is a city in Bates County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,220 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Bates County. The city is named for William Orlando Butler, a noted American military and political figure of the early and mid-19th century. It is about fifty miles south of Kansas City, Missouri on U.S. Route 71-Interstate 49.

Dättlikon

Dättlikon is a municipality of the district of Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Dielsdorf

Dielsdorf is the capital city of the district of Dielsdorf in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Dietikon

Dietikon is the fifth largest city of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland, after Zürich, Winterthur, Uster and Dübendorf. It is the capital of the same-named district of Dietikon.


Bosque County, Texas

Bosque County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 18,235 people lived there. The county seat is Meridian. The county is named for the Bosque River.


Bowie County, Texas

Bowie County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 92,893 people lived there. The county seat is Boston. The county is named for James Bowie, a famous knife fighter who died at the Battle of the Alamo.


Brazoria County, Texas

Brazoria County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 372,031 people lived there. The county seat is Angleton. The largest city in the county is Pearland.


Brazos County, Texas

Brazos County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 233,849 people lived there. The county seat is Bryan. The county is named for the Brazos River.


North American Soccer League (1968–84)

The original North American Soccer League (NASL) was the highest major professional soccer league in the United States and Canada. It existed from 1968 to 1984.


Andrew McCabe

Andrew George McCabe (born May 5, 1968) is an American attorney. He was the Deputy Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from February 1, 2016 to January 29, 2018.

On May 9, 2017, McCabe became acting director after James Comey was fired from duties as Director by U.S. President Donald Trump. President Trump sent a letter to Comey informing him of his dismissal, referring to a recommendation to remove Comey from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein.

In the absence of a Senate-confirmed Director, the deputy director automatically becomes acting director.

McCabe became deputy director again after Christopher A. Wray was sworn in as the new FBI Director on August 2, 2017.

On March 16, 2018, Sessions fired McCabe only 26 hours before his scheduled retirement. Sessions said he based his action on reports from the DOJ Inspector General and the FBI's disciplinary office saying that McCabe had made unauthorized releases of information to the media and had "lacked candor" in talking about it. McCabe denied that he had ever been dishonest and charged that his firing was politically motivated.

On April 19, 2018, the Department of Justice Inspector General had earlier sent a criminal referral to federal prosecutors for possible criminal charges against McCabe associated with allegations of lying to internal investigators.

Christopher Boykin

Christopher "Big Black" Boykin (January 13, 1972 – May 9, 2017) was an American entertainer and musician. He was best known for his role on MTV's "Rob & Big", which followed him and his co-star, skateboarder Rob Dyrdek. He was born in Raleigh, Mississippi.

Boykin died on May 9, 2017 in Plano, Texas from heart failure after being hospitalized for a heart attack at the age of 45.

Petrozavodsk

Petrozavodsk (Russian: Петрозаводск, Karelian/Vepsian/Finnish: Petroskoi) is a city in northwestern Russia and the administrative center of the Republic of Karelia. The city has a population of around 280,170 people.

Evidence shows that people have lived in the Petrozavodsk region since seven thousand years ago. At the end of the sixteenth century, there was a settlement in the region that was named "Onegaborg".

During the Finnish occupation of Petrozavodsk, the city was named "Äänislinna" (or "Ääneslinna"). The city was retaken by the Soviet army on 28 June 1944. The Finns set up concentration camps in the city for people of non-Finnic ethnicity. In total, six camps were set up; which in total held 23,984 civilians of Russian ethnicity.

In 1977, the Petrozavodsk phenomenon occurred. This was an incident where a glowing object showered the city with many rays. Many people now believe that it was caused by the launch of the Soviet satellite Kosmos 955.

The Petrozavodsk State University is located in the city. The university is made up of 9 faculties and 6 institutes, and was founded on 1 September 1940.

There are many popular landmarks in Petrozavodsk. One of them is "Lenin Square," which is an oval space with a large Vladimir Lenin statue in the center. The suburb of "Martsialnye Vody" is the oldest spa in Russia. It was founded in 1714 by Peter the Great. Petrozavodsk is home to the Karelia Philharmonic Orchestra, the Karelian Musical Theater, the National Library of Karelia, the National Theatre of Karelia and a branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

According to the Köppen climate classification, Petrozavodsk experiences a subarctic climate. However, the city has much milder temperatures than other cities in that climate. This is mainly because of the city's position next to the Baltic Sea. The average annual temperature is 3.1 °C. Temperatures in winter range from 0 to -15 °C, in summer from +5 to +25 °C. The record high temperature was 33.9 °C (93.0 °F), and the record low temperature was −41.6 °C (−42.9 °F).


Allan H. Meltzer

Allan Howard Meltzer (February 6, 1928 – May 8, 2017) was an American economist and professor of Political Economy at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business and Institute for Politics and Strategy in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts to a Jewish family. 

Meltzer specialized on studying monetary policy and the Federal Reserve System, and has authored several academic papers and books on the development and applications of monetary policy, and about the history of central banking in the US. Together with Karl Brunner, he created the Shadow Open Market Committee: a monetarist council that deeply criticized the Federal Open Market Committee.

Meltzer served as president of the Mont Pelerin Society for the 2012–2014 term.

Meltzer died on May 8, 2017 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the age of 89.


Gran Apache

Mario Balbuena González (April 16, 1959 – May 7, 2017), better known under the ring name Gran Apache and El Apache, was a Mexican "luchador", or professional wrestler and trainer. He was born in Mexico City. Balbuena worked for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) from 1996 until his death in 2017, both as a wrestler and a trainer, having been involved in training almost all young wrestlers who worked for in that period of time.

Balbuena died on May 7, 2017 from colorectal cancer in Mexico City at the age of 58.

Arthur Moulin

Arthur Moulin (4 July 1924 – 9 May 2017) was a French politician. He served as a member of the National Assembly from 1958 to 1973, representing Nord. He also served as a member of the French Senate from 1983 to 1992, representing Nord. He was the mayor of Avesnes in Pas-de-Calais from 1971 to 1989. He was born Saint-Aubin, Nord, France.

Moulin died in Avesnes, France on 9 May 2017 at the age of 92.

Guadalupe Victoria

Guadalupe Victoria, born José Miguel Ramón Adaucto Fernández y Félix, (29 September 1786 - 21 March 1843) was a Mexican general and political leader. He fought for independence against the Spanish Empire in the Mexican War of Independence. He was Mexico's first president.

Kevin Hassett

Kevin Allen Hassett (born March 20, 1962) is an American economist and the Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers from September 13, 2017 to June 28, 2019. He is known for his work on tax policy and for co-authoring the book "Dow 36,000", published in 1999.

Hassett is the State Farm James Q. Wilson Chair in American Politics and Culture and Director of Research for Domestic Policy at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank.

Hassett was John McCain's chief economic adviser in the 2000 presidential primaries and an economic adviser to the campaigns of George W. Bush in the 2004 presidential election and McCain in the presidential election of 2008. He was among Mitt Romney's economic advisers for the 2012 presidential campaign.

In early 2017, Hassett was nominated by U.S. President Donald Trump to become the 29th chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. The United States Senate confirmed him with a 81-16 vote on September 12, 2017. He was sworn in on September 13, 2017. On June 2, 2019, Hassett announced his resignation.

Emerging technologies

Emerging technologies are technologies that might change how technology currently is. These are mostly new but include older technologies that are not researched about. it means that it is cool


Dietlikon

Dietlikon is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Dinhard

Dinhard is a municipality of the district Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Dorf, Switzerland

Dorf is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. The German word "" means "village".

Avigdor Lieberman

Avigdor Lieberman, Hebrew: אביגדור ליברמן , born as "Evet Lvovich Liberman", Russian: Эве́т Льво́вич Ли́берман, (born July 5, 1958 in Chișinău) is an Israeli politician. He is a political leader and also founder of Yisrael Beiteinu ("Israel Our Home").

Lieberman studied hydrology in his native country. He migrated from the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic to Israel in 1978. After serving in the army he studied political science and international relations at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

In the 1980s he was involved in Zionist activities on behalf of Soviet Jews and also a leading member of economic and trade union organizations in Jerusalem. 

In the 1990s he was an important assistant to prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu of HaLikud.

In 1999 he entered the Knesset with Yisrael Beiteinu, a nationalist political party focused on Israeli Jews from the former Soviet Union, founded in the same year.

Lieberman participated in several cabinets, among others as deputy prime minister in the Olmert Government and the Second Netanyahu Government, and as foreign minister in the Second and Third Netanyahu Government.

From 2016 to 2018 he was defense minister in the Fourth Netanyahu Government.

Since 2021 he has been finance minister in the Bennett-Lapid Government.


Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland

Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland was a title given to the rulers during the Great Interregnum from 1649-1659 after the execution of Charles I and the installation of Oliver Cromwell. There were 2 lord protectors, Oliver and his son Richard who ruled as lord protector for under a year (1658-1659)

Following Richard Cromwell's resignation of May 25th 1659 he was succeeded by the Council of State who ruled the country until May 28th 1660 when king Charles II took back power and was restored as the monarch of England, Scotland and Ireland.

Dübendorf

Dübendorf is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of Zürich. About 28,000 people live there. It is the fourth largest city in the canton, after Zürich, Winterthur and Uster.

Dübendorf, Dübelstein, Geeren, Gfenn, Gockhausen, Hermikon and Stettbach.


Joseph von Fraunhofer

Joseph Ritter von Fraunhofer (6 March 1787 – 7 June 1826) was a German physicist.

He was born in 1787 in Bavaria. When he was 11 years old, he had no father and no mother. Because of that, he had to work to survive. He worked making glass objects for a man called Philipp Anton Weichelsberger.

One day, in 1801, the place where Fraunhofer was working fell down and was destroyed. Fraunhofer was inside when this happened. Luckily, some people found him in the middle of the bits of the house and saved him. The Prince of Bavaria was with these people and he decided to help Fraunhofer.

The prince decided to give Fraunhofer money and books to study. He studied for five years and one day he was invited to work for a man called Joseph Utzschneider. This man had a company that made glass lenses to be used in scientific instruments. And this company had a secret laboratory in a monastery called Benediktbeuern. In this laboratory people were trying to discover how to make better glass lenses. Glass lenses at that time was a very complicated technology. After three years, Fraunhofer was one of the directors of this company. And after eight years he was a partner of the owner.

Fraunhofer died very sick in 1826, probably because of the time he worked as a child.

During his time in Benediktbeuern, Fraunhofer did experiments with glass. He discovered very important things about light. One day Fraunhofer was playing with a piece of glass called a prism and a telescope in a room full of sunlight. When he used the telescope to look at the glass, he discovered that he could see all colours of the rainbow. But there were black lines between the colours. Fraunhofer never discovered what the black lines were; he suggested they might be boundaries between different colors. Many years later, scientists discovered that these black spectral lines existed because some materials that exist in the sun and in the sky can absorb parts of the light. Today scientists use a similar technique to discover what chemicals are in stars and planets. The scientists who tried to find out what was happening call this part of science "spectroscopy".

Nick Galifianakis (politician)

Nick Galifianakis (July 22, 1928 - March 27, 2023) was an American attorney and politician. He was the Democratic U.S. Congressman from North Carolina. He served as a representative from 1967 through 1973. 

Galifianakis was born in Durham, North Carolina. He studied at Duke University, and was an assistant professor at this university.

Galifianakis was the uncle of comedian Zach Galifianakis.

Galifianakis died at the age of 94 on March 27, 2023.

Arthur Ravenel Jr.

Arthur Ravenel Jr. (March 29, 1927 – January 16, 2023) was an American businessman and a Republican politician. He was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina's 1st congressional district. He served from 1987 through 1995.

Ravenel Jr. decided not to run for re-election in 1994, to run for Governor instead, but lost in the Republican primaries to David Beasley.

In 2005, Ravenel Jr. suffered from Guillain–Barré syndrome. The Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge, near the Cooper River, is named after him.

Ravenel was a member of Moultrie Camp, Sons of Confederate Veterans, and was a supporter of the Confederate flag being flown at the South Carolina statehouse. He made controversy at a rally for the flag in 2000 when he called the NAACP as the “National Association for Retarded People”. Ravenel upset even more people after he apologized to mentally handicapped people for comparing them to the NAACP.

Ravenel died on January 16, 2023 at the age of 95.

Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge

The Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Cooper River in South Carolina, United States, connecting downtown Charleston to Mount Pleasant. The bridge is named after former U.S. representative Arthur Ravenel Jr.. 

The eight lane bridge satisfied the capacity of U.S. Route 17 when it opened in 2005 to replace two old cantilever truss bridges. The bridge has a main span of 1,546 feet (471 m), the third longest among cable-stayed bridges in the Western Hemisphere. It was built using the design-build method and was designed by Parsons Brinckerhoff.


William E. Dannemeyer

William Edwin Dannemeyer (September 22, 1929 – July 9, 2019) was a conservative American politician, activist, and author. He was known for his criticism of homosexuality. He was the honorary national chairman of "Citizens For a Better America". He served as U.S. Representative from the 39th Congressional District of California from 1979 to 1993.

Dannemeyer died of dementia in Thousand Palms, California on July 9, 2019, aged 89.


Esteban Edward Torres

Esteban Edward Torres (January 27, 1930 – January 25, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Miami, Arizona. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 34th congressional district. He served as a member of the California Transportation Commission from 1997 to 2007.

Torres died on January 25, 2022 in Miami, Florida, two days before his 92nd birthday.

Imke Courtois

Imke Courtois (born 14 March 1988) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Standard Fémina de Liège and the Belgium women's national football team.

Imke is often asked if she is Thibaut Courtois' sister. As a joke she started a company called 'Niet de zus van' () and said: "for once and for all: no, Thibaut is not my brother."



Ron Packard

Ronald Charleston "Ron" Packard, D.M.D. (born January 19, 1931) is a retired Republican politician from California. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1983 to 2001.

In 1982, Packard lost the Republican primary for the United States House of Representatives in a crowded field of candidates to Johnnie Crean by 92 votes. After Crean faced controversy, such as laying about being endorsed by then-President Ronald Reagan, Packard ran as a write-in candidate. He won the election in 1982 beating Crean. Packard won the election by 11,000 votes to become the first independent write-in candidate to defeat candidates of both the Democratic and Republican parties.

Al McCandless

Alfred Alfonso "Al" McCandless (July 23, 1927 – August 9, 2017) was a Republican politician from California. He was born in Brawley, California on July 23, 1927. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles, 1951. Before becoming a representative, he was an automobile and truck dealer from 1953 through 1975.

McCandless was on the Riverside County board of supervisors from 1972 through 1982. He was in the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1983 through January 3, 1995.

McCandless died at his home in La Quinta, California on August 9, 2017 at the age of 90.


Cornelius Edward Gallagher

Cornelius Edward "Neil" Gallagher (March 2, 1921 – October 17, 2018) was an American Democratic Party politician. He represented New Jersey's 13th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1959 through 1973.

Gallagher died on October 17, 2018 in Columbia, New Jersey from brain cancer at the age of 97.


Frank Joseph Guarini

Frank Joseph Guarini (born August 20, 1924) is an American Democratic Party politician. He represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives, where he represented the now-defunct Fourteenth Congressional District from 1979 to 1993.

Guarini served in the New Jersey Senate from 1965 to 1972. In 1970, Guarini unsuccessfully challenged incumbent U.S. Senator Harrison A. Williams in the Democratic Primary, losing 66%-34%.


Konstantin Stanislavski

Konstantin Sergeievich Stanislavski ("né" Alexeiev; ; 7 August 1938) was a Russian actor and director. He was widely known as an outstanding character actor and the many productions that he directed created a reputation as one of the leading theatre directors of his generation. His principal fame and influence, however, rests on his 'system' of actor training, preparation, and rehearsal technique.

Herb Klein (politician)

Herbert C. "Herb" Klein (June 24, 1930 – November 24, 2023) was an American businessman, attorney, and politician. He represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives. He was widely called as one of New Jersey's foremost trial lawyers and was the lead counsel in some of the most important trials in the state.

Klein died on November 24, 2023 in Clifton, New Jersey at the age of 93.

Lawson Soulsby, Baron Soulsby of Swaffham Prior

Ernest Jackson Lawson Soulsby, Baron Soulsby of Swaffham Prior (23 June 1926 – 8 May 2017) was a British microbiologist and parasitologist. In 1990 he was made a Conservative life peer and sat in the House of Lords until his retirement in December 2015. He was born in Westmorland, North West England.

Soulsby died on 8 May 2017 at his home in Swaffham Prior at the age of 90.


Curt Lowens

Curt Lowens (17 November 1925 – 8 May 2017) was an American actor of the stage and in feature movies and television, as well as a Holocaust survivor and a rescuer who saved about 150 Jewish children during the Holocaust. He was known for his roles as Director Swift in "Werewolf in a Girls' Dormitory" (1962) and as a Soviet ambassador on "The A-Team", appearing from 1983 through 1987. He was also in "Angels & Demons".

Lowens died in 8 May 2017 in New York City at the age of 91.

Robert Miles

Roberto Concina (3 November 1969 – 9 May 2017), better known by his stage name Robert Miles, was a Swiss-Italian record producer, composer, musician and DJ.

In 1994, Miles wrote a trance/chill-out piece based on acoustic guitar chords and soft synthesizer effects, "Children", which was later developed into a dream trance song featuring a piano theme on top.

Miles died in Ibiza, Spain, on 9 May 2017 at the age of 47 after a short battle with stage 4 metastatic cancer.


Beauty and the Beast (2017 movie)

Beauty and the Beast is a musical romantic fantasy movie that was released in 2017. It was directed by Bill Condon and was produced by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie is based on the animated 1991 movie and the fairy tale written by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont.

Qian Qichen

Qian Qichen (; 5 January 1928 – 9 May 2017) was a Chinese diplomat and politician. He served as China's foreign minister from 12 April 1988 to 18 March 1998. He was Vice Premier of the State Council from 1993 until he retired in 2003.

Qian died on May 9, 2017 in Beijing at age of 89.


Edward Lunn Young

Edward Lunn Young (September 7, 1920 – May 9, 2017) was a Republican U.S. Representative from South Carolina. He served in the House from January 3, 1973 through January 3, 1975. Young was the Republican candidate for Governor in 1978, but lost to Democratic State Senator Richard Riley. He ran again for Governor, but lost in the Republican primaries to John Light Napier. After his 1980 defeat, Young retired from politics. 

Young died in his sleep on May 9, 2017 at his home in Florence, South Carolina, aged 96.

Nelson Xavier

Nelson Xavier (30 August 1941 – 10 May 2017) was a Brazilian actor and director. He appeared in more than 95 movies and television shows between 1959 and 2017. He starred in the 1964 movie "Os Fuzis".

In 1976 Xavier co-directed "A Queda" along with Ruy Guerra. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize. His last movie was "Trash" (2014).

Xavier died on 10 May 2017 in Uberlandia, Minas Gerais from lung disease, aged 75.

Jasmine Directory

Jasmine Directory is a human-edited, partly for money web directory listing websites by topic and by region. This list offers a range of thirteen topics and one region-based list with hand-picked and reviewed users' suggested resources.

The project was created in 2006 at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics by Pecsi Andras and Robert Gombos and shown to the public in 2009. It was developed using a core code created by TOLRA Micro Systems Ltd.

In 2013 and 2014, Ken Anderson—editor at the Magic City Morning Star, early meta editor for the Open Directory Project (DMOZ), and editor at Go.com and Zeal directories—rated Jasmine Directory in his "Top Ten Web Directories", where each directory is reviewed quarterly.

Currently, Jasmine Directory is based in Valley Cottage, New York.

Jasmine Directory's editors add resources to the index by hand. Website owners can also suggest their websites for review by paying a fee. However, inclusion is not guaranteed if the suggested websites don't comply with the rules from the editors.

Because editors review every listing, search engines view listings in "quality directories" as valuable. Website owners report that submitting their sites to web directories can be worthwhile.

Ann Smarty—search marketer and writer at "Entrepreneur", Mashable, and Moz—mentions Jasmine Directory as providing a ""valuable user experience"".

The company claims that review by editors is key in maintaining a neutral and useful index of information that doesn't depend on how any single user sees things, as Matt Cutts mentioned in 2011.


Theeran Adhigaram Ondru

Theeran Athikaram Ondru (English Title "- Theeran Chapter One") is an action thriller movie, written and directed by "Sathuranga Vettai" fame Vinoth and produced by S.R. Prakashbabu and S.R. Prabhu of Dream Warrior Pictures. Karthi and Rakul Preet Singh play lead roles in this movie.


After "Siruthai", Karthi plays as a cop in "Theeran Athikaram Ondru".Abhimanyu Singh is roped in to play as antagonist in this movie. Producer S.R. Prabhu says that, there are many action sequences in the movie which is based on the life of an adventurous cop. Karthi wanted to undergo the training like the real cops and that’s why he is getting trained now." Shooting of this film is commenced in Jan 2017.Cinematographer of this movie is Sathyan Sooriyan, stunts by Dhilip Subbarayan, art department is handled by Kathir, music is scored by Ghibran and editing is by Shivanandeeswaran.

Indian nationality law


Sohu

Sohu (Chinese: 搜狐) is a Chinese Internet company. On August 1996, it is founded by Charles Zhang. The general headquarters of Sohu is in Haidian District, Beijing.

Sohu has been listed on NASDAQ since 2000. In 2019, Sohu ranked as the 7th most visited site in the world according to the Alexa internet ranking site. Sohu’s Sogou.com is a famous webisite in China now. The company also have other services, such as Sogou Pinyin, which is used by a lot of Chinese now.

Jichang Garden

Jichang Garden () is in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province, China. It is close to Huishan Temple. It was claimed as a national protected location of historical and cultural relics on 13 January 1988. Xiequ Garden (谐趣园) in the Summer Palace and Guo Ran Da Gong (廓然大公) (or, Double-Crane House 双鹤斋) in Yuanming Yuan in Beijing are both similar to Jichang Garden.

Jichang Yuan is also called "Qin Yuan" (秦园). The site used to be two buildings called "Nan Yin" (南隐) and "Ou Yu" (沤寓). During the Ming dynasty, Qin Jin (秦金), bought "Ou Yu" of Huishan Temple. Qin was a metropolitan graduate in 1493 and also the descendant of Qin Guan, a famous lyricist in the Northern Song dynasty.He built it on the basis of old building, making hills and ponds, planting flowers and trees, building houses, and changing it to a garden. After the death of Qin Jin, the garden was inherited by his family member Qin Han and his son Qin Liang. In the summer of 1560, Qin Han built another garden at the top of Huishan,  called "Feng Gu Shan Zhuang" or "Villa of Phoenix Valley".

After the death of Qin Liang, the garden was owned by his family member Qin Yao. Qin Yao was a member of Donglin party. In 1591, Qin Yao failed in the government. He returned to Wuxi in a bad mood, so he used the beautiful garden to relax. He changed the name to Jichang Yuan (寄畅园). The meaning of the name is "send happiness". In the Wanli era of the Ming dynasty, there are 20 places of interest in the garden, and Qin Yao make poems for each of them.


Carshalton

Carshalton is a suburb of London.

Muschamp primary school is an eco school because it recycles, and also waters the plants.  On the roof of the school, there are solar panels which turn off the lights in order to save energy. This means they are sustainable energy. All of the classes at the school are named after capital cities, for example Nairobi, Kampala, Valletta.

Carshalton was first called Cressalton. In the middle ages, most of the land in the village was farmland. Each farmer would own several land strips according to their wealth. In the early 17th century, there were only three mills along the river. Carshalton was also known for its springs which gave the place its name.

There are many things to do in Carshalton like going to the Cryer Theatre and watching theatre shows. Also you can go to Grove Park and feed ducks. The David Weir leisure centre has lots of exciting things to do like gymnastics, a track, and soft play.

In Carshalton Park there are lots of different wildlife for example, foxes, squirrels, ducks and birds.

Carshalton Park has a pond with lots of ducks that you can feed them bread and it’s  also by a road. It has lots of grass and lots of ponds.


Ed Kemper

Edmund Emil Kemper III (born December 18, 1948), is an American serial killer, suspected cannibal and necrophile who committed the murder of numerous women in the early 1970s, as well as the murders of his mother and paternal grandparents. He killed up to 10 individuals in total. 

Kemper is widely known for his high intelligence and giant stature, standing 6 foot 9 inches (or 2.06 m) tall and having an IQ of 145, features that left his victims with little chance to overcome him.

Hanahoi

Hanahoi (Group of One) was one of South Korea's power elite from 1979-93. The group monopolized strategic military posts and produced major political leaders, including two presidents: Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo.

Greg Forristall

Gregory Forristall (February 15, 1950 – May 10, 2017) was an American politician. He was the Iowa State Representative from the 22nd District. He was a member of the Republican. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2007 until his death in 2017. Forristall was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa.

In March 2014, he filed a police report stating he had been assaulted by a private citizen at the state Capitol. During a June 2014 trial lasting two days, a jury of six people determined the defendant not guilty after one hour of debate.

Forristall died on May 10, 2017 in Macedonia, Iowa from cancer at the age of 67.


Gabriel Chiramel

Gabriel Chiramel (11 December 1914 – 11 May 2017) was an Indian Roman Catholic priest, educationist, zoologist, author and social reformer. He was known for his services in the fields of education, health and human welfare. He was awarded Padma Bhushan in 2007 by the Government of India for his contribution to education and literature.

Chiramel was important in establishing number of other institutions such as St. Joseph's College, Irinjalakuda, Carmel Higher Secondary School, Chalakudy, Bharathamatha School, Palakkad, Catholic Centre, Irinjalakuda, Deepthi Cultural Centre, Calicut, Sneha Bhavan for training physically challenged children and parallel colleges at Ambazhakad and Varantharapilly.

Chiramel died, at the age of 102, on 11 May 2017 at Amala Institute of Medical Sciences campus in Kerala, India from multiple organ failure.


Mark Colvin

Mark Colvin (13 March 1952 – 11 May 2017) was a British-born Australian journalist and broadcaster. He was the presenter of "PM" — one of the main Australian radio programs on the ABC Radio network — from 1997 to 2017. He was born in London. He was also known for his works in "The World Today", "Four Corners", "Foreign Correspondent", "7.30 Report" and "Lateline".

Colvin died of lung cancer at a hospital in Sydney on 11 May 2017 at the age of 65.

Hückel's rule

In organic chemistry, Hückel's rule is a rule that help to determine if a molecule has the properties of an aromatic compound. It is named after chemist Erich Hückel, who formulated it in 1931. A well known compound that fulfills the rule is Benzene. 

Muhammad Nurul Islam

Muhammad Nurul Islam (born ) is a Bangladeshi diplomat from Chittagong, who was born on June 1943. He currently serves as a Honorary Consul General of Japan in Chittagong, Bangladesh.

Islam was born in 1943 in Chittagong. He was graduated from Chittagong College under the University of Dhaka in 1963. He completes a degree on the Japanese language from the University of Tokyo under the Japan Foundation’s scholarship scheme in 1968.

Mode

Mode can refer to:



Franksgiving

In 1939, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt moved Thanksgiving one week earlier than normal. He thought this would help increase retail sales during one of the final years of the Great Depression. This led to much upheaval and protest. Those upset by the change called the holiday Franksgiving. Thanksgiving (after 1941) takes place on the fourth Thursday of November in the United States.

Bab-e-Pakistan

The Bab-e-Pakistan is a national monument in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It was built over one of the major Muslim refugee camps that came in the aftermath of independence of Pakistan.


Earl of Rothes

The Earl of Rothes was a title given to the ruler of Leslie, starting with George Leslie in 1458, given the title by James II of Scotland but has now evolved to a completely hereditary title since the local council now rules Leslie and has since around the 1950's. The title is mostfamous for being given to Norman Leslie, husband to Noel Leslie, a titanic survivor who died in 1956.

Another title given to the Earl of Rothes from 1445-possibly 1773 which was Lord Leslie but even then was a hereditary title to show their success in the Leslie family and Clan Leslie/Rothes.

James Malcolm Leslie has had no children and the heir at the moment is his brother Alexander John Leslie, the master of Rothes who will take over as earl following the death or abdication of James Malcolm Leslie.

Nöel Leslie, Countess of Rothes

"To see Norman Leslie, the husband of Noel see Norman Evelyn-Leslie, Earl of Rothes and to see the Earls of Rothes see list of Earls of Rothes since George Leslie (1458)."

Nöel Leslie was countess of Rothes and wife to Norman Leslie who was the earl of Rothes from 1893-1927. She married him in 1900 making her countess of Rothes. She is most famous for being a survivor of the 1912 Titanic disaster which killed over 2000 people.

Leslie was born on December 25, 1878 in Kensington, London, England, United Kingdom. She was later brought up in Gloucestershire.

During most of her childhood she lived in her parents residences of Prinknash Park in Gloucestershire and Chateau de Retival in Normandy and a townhouse in Kensington, London.

On April 19, 1900 (Primrose Day) she married Norman Leslie, who had been the Earl of Rothes for nearly 7 years making her the day they were married the countess of Rothes. She moved to Leslie in 1904 and lived with Norman for the rest of his life there.

On April 14, 1912 aboard the RMS Titanic Leslie survived the sinking and disaster which continued to April 15, she didn't die until 1956 (44 years after the disaster)

After the death of Norman in 1927 she married Claud Macfie, who died after Nöel and was her last husband. She also lost the title of countess when she married him and when Norman died.

Leslie died on September 12, 1956 in the same country she was born in, England. She was buried in Sussex, England and is now very famous among historians and others for her heroic tales during the titanic disaster and her rule as Countess of Rothes.

Beppo Mauhart

Josef "Beppo" Mauhart (14 September 1933 – 7 May 2017) was an Austrian football executive and journalist. He was born in Enns, Austria. He was appointed to the supervisory board of "Austria Tabak" in 1972 and became deputy chairman there in 1976. In 1977, Austria Tabak became a sponsor of the FK Austria Wien football club. The club changed its name to "Austria Memphis" – a cigarette brand.

From 1988 to 1995, Mauhart was CEO of "Austria Tabak".

From 1984 to 2002, Mauhart was president of the Austrian Football Association. He had the longest tenure in the history of the association.

Mauhart died on 7 May 2017 in Munich, Germany from complications of a stroke at the age of 83.

Prime Minister of Finland

The Prime Minister (, translated as Head Minister, Swedish: "statsminister", literally translated as Minister of State) is the Head of Government of Finland. The Prime Minister is appointed by the President, who is the Head of State.

The current Prime Minister is Petteri Orpo of the National Coalition Party since 20 June 2023.


President of Finland

The President of the Republic of Finland (, ) is the nation's head of state. The president is elected directly by the people of Finland for a term of six years. Since 1991, no president may be elected for more than two consecutive terms. The president must be a native-born Finnish citizen. The office was created by the Constitution Act of 1919. 

The current office-holder is Alexander Stubb since 1 March 2024.

Officially the head of state is known as the President of the Republic of Finland (; ) or, more often, the President of the Republic (', ').


Cécile DeWitt-Morette

Cécile Andrée Paule DeWitt-Morette (21 December 1922 – 8 May 2017) was a French mathematician and physicist. She founded a summer school at Les Houches in the French Alps. 

For her publications, she was awarded the American Society of the French Legion of Honour 2007 Medal for Distinguished Achievement. Attendees at the summer school included over twenty students who would go on to be Nobel Prize winners, including Pierre-Gilles de Gennes, Georges Charpak, and Claude Cohen-Tannoudji, who identify the school for helping in their success.

In 1951, she married American physicist Bryce DeWitt. He died in 2004. They had four children.


Bryce DeWitt

Bryce Seligman DeWitt (January 8, 1923 – September 23, 2004) was an American theoretical physicist. He studied gravity and field theories. He was awarded the Dirac Prize in 1987, the American Physical Society's Einstein Prize in 2005, and was a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Letters. DeWitt created the Wheeler–DeWitt equation for the wavefunction of the Universe with John Archibald Wheeler and advanced the formulation of the Hugh Everett's many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics.


Tellervo Koivisto

Taimi Tellervo Koivisto, née "Kankaanranta" (born 2 January 1929) is a Finnish politician. She is the former First Lady of Finland from 1982 to 1994. Koivisto is the widow of the 9th President of Finland Mauno Koivisto and a former member of the Finnish parliament, representing the Social Democratic Party of Finland.

On her 1999 autobiography Koivisto talked openly of her depression and school bullying.




Clelio Darida

Clelio Darida (3 May 1927 – 11 May 2017) was an Italian politician. He was mayor of Rome and minister of the Italian Republic. In 1974 he formed a city council including only DC member, with indirect support by the councillors of the Italian Communist Party. In 1976 he resigned as mayor to participate in the 1976 general elections. He was elected in the Chamber of Deputies, being confirmed until 1992, when he was not elected. 

Antonio Candido

Antonio Candido de Mello e Souza (July 24, 1918 – May 12, 2017) was a Brazilian writer, professor, sociologist and literary critic. As a critic of Brazilian literature, he was thought as having been one of the foremost scholars on the subject by Brazilian universities. He was the co-winner of the Prêmio Jabuti for essays in 1965 and was awarded the Prêmio Machado de Assis in 1993, the Camões Prize in 1998 and the Alfonso Reyes International Prize in 2005. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Candido was professor-emeritus at the University of São Paulo and São Paulo State University and doctor "honoris causa" by the University of Campinas.

Candido died on May 12, 2017 at the Albert Einstein Hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from complications of a hiatus hernia, aged 98.


Yale Lary

Robert Yale Lary, Sr. (November 24, 1930 – May 12, 2017) was an American businessman, politician, and American football player.

He joined the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1979 and was also selected for the NFL 1950s All-Decade Team. He is also part of the Texas A&M Athletic Hall of Fame, the Texas Sports Hall of Fame, and the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.

Lary played 11 seasons in the National Football League (NFL), all with the Detroit Lions, from 1952 to 1953 and from 1956 to 1964, missing the 1954 and 1955 seasons due to military service.

Even before retiring from the NFL, Lary served in the Texas House of Representatives, as a Democrat, from 1959 to 1963.

Lary died in the early morning hours of May 12, 2017 in Fort Worth, Texas at the age of 86.

Leslie House

Leslie House is a historical structure in the town of Leslie in Scotland. It was built between 1667-1674 for John Leslie, the 7th Earl of Rothes and the second of that name, he died in 1681 after having the house for 7 years, it was used by the Earl of Rothes' after his death until 1919 when Norman Leslie and Nöel Leslie sold it to Sir Robert Spencer Nairn. It was lived in by nobody from 1952 to the 2000s when it was made in to an old folks home. It burnt down in 2009 after being bought by the Fife council.

Sneakernet

Sneakernet in informatics is an informal and ironical word for tranport of electronical information over physical memory devices (such as USB flash drive) instead of computer networks.

The word is a word play, as a net(work) with reference to wearing of sneakers, which is a type of shoes.

Dürnten

Dürnten is a municipality of the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Egg, Switzerland

Egg is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Hinteregg, Egg, Esslingen, Rällikon, Inner-Vollikon, Usser-Vollikon, Niederesslingen, Rohr, Schaubigen, Eichholz, Neuhaus and Guldenen


Esslingen, Switzerland

Esslingen is a village in the municipality of Egg in the canton of Zürich. It is Pfannenstiel region, approx. southeast of Zürich. In the local dialect it is called "Esslinge".

The population is 1752 (). A mounment commemorating World War I is located a Forch, a village and hill which also a popular recreation area for the people of Zürich.

Eglisau

Eglisau is a small town in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Elgg

Elgg is a municipality of the district Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Hofstetten bei Elgg merged into the municipality of Elgg.


Ellikon an der Thur

Ellikon an der Thur is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Elsau

Elsau is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Embrach

Embrach is a municipality of the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Erlenbach, Switzerland

Erlenbach is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Fällanden

Fällanden is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Fehraltorf

Fehraltorf is a municipality in the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Feuerthalen

Feuerthalen is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. Langwiesen also belongs to the same municipality.


Archaic Greece

Archaic Greece (800-479 BCE) is the period in Greek history after the Bronze Age collapse and before the Greco–Persian wars. Their art has a more natural and realistic style.

Greek art was less geometric and more naturalistic. Paintings on vases had representations of human figures, most of the time with mythical tales.

In Terms of Love (2015 version)

"In Terms of Love" (2015 version) is the second and final single by The Osborn Sisters. It was released on October 6, 2015.

Thanos

Thanos is a fictional supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe created by Jim Starlin who was inspired by Darkseid back in 1973. Widely considered as one of the most powerful characters in the Marvel Universe, he has battled the Avengers. He seeks to collect the six Infinity Gems and use them for his Infinity Gauntlet.

Thanos has been portrayed by Josh Brolin in four movies set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

Châteaudun

Châteaudun is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.

Yumeji Tsukioka

Yumeji Tsukioka (14 October 1921 – 3 May 2017) was a Japanese movie actress. She has appeared in more than 150 movies between 1940 and 1994. She starred in the movie "The Temptress and the Monk" (1958), which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival. Her husband was the director Umetsugu Inoue.

Tsukioka died on 3 May 2017 from pneumonia in Tokyo at the age of 95.

D. Lowell Jensen

Delwen Lowell Jensen (born June 3, 1928) is an American federal judge and lawyer. He is a member of the Democrat. He served as United States Associate Attorney General from 1983 through 1985 during the Ronald Reagan presidency. Appointed by President Reagan, he served as Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California from June 25, 1986 through June 27, 1997.

Jensen was born in Brigham City, Utah. He received a Juris Doctor at the University of California, Berkeley.


Marshall Julum Shakya

Marshall Julum Shakya (; 9 October 1940 – 6 May 2017) was a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. He was a founder member of Nepal Student Union created in March 1970. He spent 15 years in prison during the panchayat regime. As of 1988, he was the president of the Kathmandu District of Nepali Congress. 

During the 1990 Jana Andolan he was the convenor of the Central Action Committee of Nepali Congress, and one of the most important party leaders not under arrest.

Shakya suffered a cerebral hemorrhage and a heart attack in March 2017. He died of septic shock caused by pneumonia and heart failure at a medical center in Kathmandu on 6 May 2017, aged 76.

Stefania Jabłońska

Stefania Jabłońska (born Szela Ginzburg; 7 September 1920 – 8 May 2017) was a Polish physician and professor, specializing in dermatology. She worked at the Medical University of Warsaw. 

In 1972, she theorized the association of human papilloma viruses with skin cancer in epidermodysplasia verruciformis. In 1978, Jabłońska and Gerard Orth at the Pasteur Institute discovered HPV-5 in skin cancer. Jabłońska was awarded the 1985 Robert Koch Prize. 

She was a recipient of the National Order of Merit and the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta. 

Nicolas Stacey

Rev. Nicolas David Stacey (27 November 1927 – 8 May 2017) was an English clergyman and priest of the Church of England and social activist. He was Rector of Woolwich in the 1960s, and Director of Social Services for Kent County Council from 1974 through 1985. He was born in North Yorkshire.

Stacey died on 8 May 2017 in Kent at the age of 89.


Juan Carlos Tedesco

Juan Carlos Tedesco (February 5, 1944 – May 8, 2017) was an Argentine academic and policy maker. He served as the Education Minister from December 2007 to July 2009 during the Cristina Fernández de Kirchner presidency. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Tedesco died on May 8, 2017 in Buenos Aires at the age of 73.


Zoran Madžirov

Zoran Madžirov (14 January 1968 – 9 May 2017) was a Macedonian percussionist, composer and the inventor of the Bottlephone.

Zoran performed with and was honored by stars such as Sting, Tito Puente, Tina Turner, Harry Belafonte, Scorpions, Tommy Emmanuel and others. He founded the group Les Barons Karamazoff in 1987 with Edin Karamazov (guitar, lute) and Sasa Dejanovic.

Madžirov died on 9 May 2017 from a traffic accident at the age of 49.

Emmanuèle Bernheim

Bernheim died on 10 May 2017 in Paris from lung cancer, aged 61.


Tom McClung

Tom McClung (4 April 1957 – 14 May 2017) was an American jazz pianist and composer. He had released several jazz albums, both as a leader and as a sideman to other artists. He had played and recorded with musicians such as Archie Shepp, Yusef Lateef, and Marion Brown. He spent years residing, performing, and recording music with other artists in Paris, France. He was born in New York City.

McClung died either on the early hours of 14 May 2017 at his Moulins-la-Marche, France home from lymphoma, aged 60.

Hubert Minnis

Hubert Alexander Minnis (born 17 April 1954) is a Bahamian physician and politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Bahamas from May 2017 until September 2021. Minnis was the leader of the Free National Movement, and the Member of Parliament for the New Providence constituency of Killarney. First elected to the legislature in the 2007 election, he succeeded Hubert Ingraham as party leader following the party's defeat in the 2012 election.

Minnis became Prime Minister after the victory of his party in the general election held on 10 May 2017 defeating the incumbent Perry Christie. He lost re-election in 2021 to Opposition Leader Philip Davis. He later became Leader of the Opposition.

Dillard's

Dillard's is a department store chain in the United States. It was started in 1983 by William T. Dillard in Little Rock, Arkansas. The chain grew very quickly and now there are more than 300 stores in 29 states, many of which are in Florida and Texas.


Henri Termeer

Henri A. Termeer (28 February 1946 – 10 May 2017) was an American biotechnology executive and entrepreneur. He was called a pioneer in corporate strategy in the biotechnology industry for his tenure as CEO at Genzyme.

Termeer created a business model created by many others in the biotech industry by creating steep prices— mainly from insurers and government payers— for therapies for rare genetic disorders known as orphan diseases that mainly affect children. Genzyme uses biological processes to manufacture drugs that are not easily copied by generic-drug makers. He was born in Tilburg, Netherlands.

Termeer died of a suspected aneurysm on 12 May 2017 at his home in Marblehead, Massachusetts, aged 71.

Yanko Daucik

Yanko Daucik Ciboch (22 March 1957 – 13 May 2017) was a professional footballer during the 1960s and 1970s. Yanko played for Real Betis, Real Madrid, the Toronto Falcons and RCD Español. Daucik is the son of Ferdinand Daučík, the veteran La Liga manager who moved with his family to Spain in 1950.

Daucik died on May 13, 2017 in Madrid of a pulmonary embolism at the age of 76.


Mary Baker Eddy

Mary Baker Eddy (July 16, 1821 – December 3, 1910) was the founder of Christian Science, a new religious movement in the United States in the latter half of the 19th century.

Eddy wrote the movement's textbook "Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures" (first published 1875) and founded the Church of Christ, Scientist in 1879. She also founded the Christian Science Publishing Society (1898), which continues to publish a number of periodicals, including "The Christian Science Monitor" (founded in 1908).

Baker died of pneumonia at her home in Newton, Massachusetts on December 3, 1910 at the age of 89.


Christian Science

Christian Science is a Christian restorationist religious movement founded in 19th-century New England by Mary Baker Eddy. The name "Christian Science" can either be an informal name for the church, formally called The First Church of Christ, Scientist, or can be used for what Eddy said was the "Science" or "Law" of God.

Mary Baker Eddy said in her book "Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures" (1875) that prayer is effective and can heal disease. She described God as "Principle, Mind, Spirit, Soul, Life, Truth, Love". 


Muriel Pavlow

Muriel Lilian Pavlow (27 June 1921 – 19 January 2019) was an English actress. Her mother was French and her father was Russian.

Pavlow began work as a child actress with John Gielgud and the Royal Shakespeare Company in the 1930s.

Pavlow's roles include the Maltese girl Maria in "Malta Story" (1953), where she played alongside Alec Guinness; Joy, the girlfriend of Simon Sparrow, in "Doctor in the House" (1954); Thelma Bader, the wife of the Second World War fighter pilot Douglas Bader (played by fellow "Doctor in the House" cast member Kenneth More) in "Reach for the Sky" (1956); and the daughter of an irascible curmudgeon (played by fellow "Doctor in the House" cast member, James Robertson Justice) in "Murder, She Said" (1961).

Pavlow retired in 2009.

Pavlow was born in Lewisham, East London, England. She was married to the actor Derek Farr from 1947 until his death in 1986. She died on 19 January 2019 at the age of 97.

Visitor center

A visitor center (also called a visitor centre or tourist information center) is a place where people can find information about the place where the visitor center is located. It is generally used by people who are on vacation or holiday so they can learn about things to do and see.

Chipping Campden

Chipping Campden is a town in the Cotswolds area in Gloucestershire, England. It is famous for its High Street, which has buildings many very old buildings, including one that was built almost 400 years ago. That building is called the Market Hall and it is where people used to sell things, including wool from sheep which were, and still are, raised on farms in Chipping Campden. 


HeLa

The HeLa cell line is the oldest human cell line used in molecular biology research. Every cell in a cell line has the same genes. Since their discovery, scientists have been using HeLa cells to study cancer, radiation poisoning, and infectious disease. Like most cancer cells, HeLa cells have more DNA than normal cells. HeLa cells can also divide forever without the help of scientists. In contrast, normal, non-cancerous cells can only divide a for a little while before their telomeres shorten too much and the cell cannot divide any longer. Telomerase is an enzyme that maintains the length of telomeres in cells. HeLa cells have a special type of active telomerase that extends telomeres during regular division.

In 1951, these cells were found in a cervical tumor of 30 year old Henrietta Lacks. A sample of the tumor was taken during Lacks' stay at Johns Hopkins Hospital by a doctor named George Gey. He did this without telling her. Lacks died later that year, but her neither her nor her family were ever told about the cells until many decades later.

One of the most famous uses for HeLa cells came when Jonas Salk used these cells to test his vaccine, which now protects a lot of people against polio. Some of the more recent uses for HeLa cells are a Human papillomavirus vaccine made by Harold zur Hausen. This vaccine won him a Nobel Prize in 2008. Another use for HeLa cells is telomerase research, which won Elizabeth Blackburn a 2009 Nobel Prize. HeLa cells have also been used for the development of new chemotherapy techniques and to test how and where nuclear radiation mutates cells.

The use of HeLa cells has drawn some criticism. This is because Henrietta Lacks did not know that a piece of her tumor had been taken. When Lacks was identified nearly twenty years later, it raised a lot of questions about the issue of medical consent. Consent is when someone gives permission for something to happen. By law, there are several rules put in place to protect people involved in scientific research from harm. These rules also apply to research samples, which are allowed to be used as long as the quality of care is maintained and the patient identity is protected. One paper notes that if Henrietta Lacks were alive today, doctors would not need to ask for her consent.

Some people find it concerning that Henrietta Lacks wasn't asked for permission. This is because a lot of molecular biology techniques rely on DNA sequencing, so whenever the results of an experiment are published, the genetic information of the subject used is also put on full display. This is less of a problem when the identity of the sample's origin is fully protected, but troubling in the case of Henrietta Lacks. This is because full genome sequencing can reveal personal information like race, sex, and genetic history. In 2013, the entire HeLa cell line genome sequence was made public without the consent of Lacks' surviving family. Even though pieces of the HeLa genome have been sequenced separately, it is still possible to find genetic sequences that are often inherited together. This has the potential to reveal information about Lacks' surviving family. Critics argue that this represents a serious breach of privacy on behalf of the Lacks family. Since then, a new National Institutes of Health policy requires that researchers apply for special permission to access the full genome sequence.

Chileans

Chileans are national people and citizens of Chile. Chileans are mainly a combination of Spaniards with indigenous peoples.

Human Clay

Human Clay is the second studio album by Creed. The album was released on September 28, 1999 through Wind-up Records.

Powers Boothe

Powers Allen Boothe (June 1, 1948 – May 14, 2017) was an American television and movie actor. 

His known roles include his Emmy-winning portrayal of Jim Jones in "" and his turns as TV detective Philip Marlowe in the 1980s, Cy Tolliver on "Deadwood", "Curly Bill" Brocious in "Tombstone", Gideon Malick in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Vice-President and President Noah Daniels on "24", Lamar Wyatt in "Nashville", and the voice of Gorilla Grodd in the DC Animated Universe.

Boothe died in his sleep on the morning of May 14, 2017 from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by pancreatic cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 68.


Chu Ke-liang

Chu Ke-liang (; 5 December 194615 May 2017) was a Taiwanese, comedian, actor, television show host and singer. He was known for his "over-the-top appearance" with unusual clothing and hair styles and his coarse humor. He was born in Zuoying, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. He was known for his roles in "The New Legend of Shaolin", "David Loman", and in "The Wonderful Wedding".

Chu died in Taipei, Taiwan from liver failure caused by colorectal cancer on 15 May 2017 at the age of 70.

Keisen University

Keisen University's educational philosophy has three main values:



This division's main focus is on Japanese-Language education and multicultural coexistence studies. Programs include: Japanese Language Teaching and Education, Gender and Culture Studies, Minority and Culture Studies and Multicultural Communication.

The chapel offers regular services. The chapel includes a large pipe organ. Sometimes, they have chapel concerts for students and the local community.
There is a large farm called, "Farm for education." All first year "Freshman" students must take a horticulture class. They learn to grow vegetables and flowers on this farm.

Students can pick herbs and sometimes drink herbal teas in this garden. It is also a popular place for students to eat lunch.

Keisen University has educational links with these universities:



Smuglyanka

Smuglyanka (Russian: Смугля́нка, meaning "the swarthy girl") is a Russian song. The lyrics tell of a man who met a pretty moldovan woman gathering grapes and tries to seduce her, but finds out that she is a partisan. She then convinces him to join the partisans as well. It was written in 1940 by Yakov Shvedov (lyrics) and Anatoliy Grigoryevich Novikov (music). The song was meant to glorify female partisans in the Russian Civil War. The song is still very popular.

Mimikyu

Mimikyu is a Pokémon which was first encountered in the game "Pokémon Sun and Moon."

Mimikyu is one of the strangest Pokémon as its true identity is hidden under the disguise it has on. There has been many fan art works of what fans believed to be Mimikyu's true form. However, recently in a anime episode it is shown that it is a ghostly orb and anyone who looks at its yellow eyes will die of shock.

Thomas Bloodworth

Sir Thomas Bloodworth (sometimes spelled Bludworth) was an English merchant and politician. He was Lord Mayor of London from October 1665 to October 1666. He was in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.

He was blamed for the spread of the Great Fire of London. This is because, as the Mayor, he did not give approval to stop the fire.

Kettle (landform)

Kettles (also called potholes or kettle holes) are shallow bodies of water. They are filled with sediment. They are formed by retreating glaciers or by draining floodwaters.

Potholes can be formed when big blocks of ice break off of glaciers. The blocks become covered by sediment the glacier leaves behind. When the block melts, the hole it leaves behind is a pothole.

Potholes can also be formed when an ice-dammed lake suddenly drains away. As the ice melts, ramparts can form around the edge of the pothole. The lakes that fill these holes are usually deep or less. They eventually become filled with sediment. In acid conditions, a bog may form. In alkaline conditions, it will be peatland.

Kettles are landforms created by melted water from glaciers, a process called "fluvioglacial." When warming weather conditions cause a glacier to start melting, large blocks of ice can break off in a process called "calving." Rather than melting on the surface of the ground, the ice block can get partially or totally buried by dirt, rocks, and plant matter - the "sediment" carried in the glacier together with its ice content. This sediment piles up on the land where the glacier had been, a broad, smooth stretch called an "outwash plain" (or "sandur"). The kettle hole occurs when the exposed or buried ice block melts so that the surface of the sandur sinks. Multiple kettle holes can form near each other, and with the ridges and mounds of sediment around them the smooth surface of the sandur becomes irregular. Kettle holes can also occur in ridge-shaped deposits of loose rock chunks called "till."

Kettle holes can also form when a lake has a large amount of ice blocking the outlet where water drains from it, and the ice breaks up all at once. The flood that this causes can carry blocks of ice and sediment similar to the glacier-calf activity described above. These floods are called "jökulhlaups," an Islandic term used wherever this occurs. In 1992, the geologist Judith Maizels made outdoor observations and reproduced the conditions in a laboratory simulation. She found that protective walls (called ramparts) (protective walls) form around the edge of kettle holes made by jökulhlaup floods. The type of ramparts that develop depends on the how concentrated are the rock fragments contained in the melted ice block, and also on how deeply the block was buried by sediment.

Most kettle holes are less than two kilometres in diameter, although some in the U.S. Midwest exceed ten kilometres. Puslinch Lake in Ontario, Canada, is the largest kettle lake in Canada, covering . Fish Lake in the north-central Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Washington is .

The depth of most kettles is less than ten meters. In most cases, kettle holes eventually fill with water, sediment, or plant growth (vegetation). If the kettle gets more water from surface or underground rivers or streams, it becomes a kettle lake. If the kettle gets its water from rainfall and/or snowfall (precipitation), existing groundwater, or a combination of the two, it is termed a kettle pond. A kettle wetland is a kettle pond in which plant matter grows. Kettle ponds that are not affected by the local groundwater table will usually become dry during the warm summer months, in which case they are called "ephemeral" (something which disappears on its own).

If water in a kettle becomes acidic due to decomposing organic plant matter, it becomes a kettle bog. Otherwise, if underlying soils are lime-based, which has the effect of neutralizing the acidic conditions somewhat, it becomes a kettle peatland. Kettle bogs are closed ecosystems because they have no water source other than precipitation (rainfall and snowfall). Both acidic kettle bogs and fresh water kettles are important ecological niches for some symbiotic (mutually dependent) species of flora and fauna.

The Kettle Moraine, a region of Wisconsin covering an area from Green Bay at Lake Michigan to south-central Wisconsin, has numerous kettles, moraines and other glacial features. It has many kettle lakes, some of which are 100 to deep. Kettle Point, Ontario, Canada, has rock concretions (where sediment naturally cements into hard masses) locally named 'kettles', but there are no kettle lakes in this region.

The Prairie Pothole Region extends from northern Alberta, Canada to Iowa, United States and includes thousands of small sloughs (shallow bodies of usually stagnant water in a wetland) and lakes.



Fischenthal

Fischenthal is a municipality in the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Besides the village of Fischenthal, it includes the villages of Gibswil and Steg, as well as nearly 100 smaller settlements.


Flaach

Flaach is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Lee Weissenborn

Lee Edward Weissenborn (March 19, 1929 – May 7, 2017) was an American Democratic Party politician in the state of Florida. He was a member of the member of the Florida House of Representatives for Dade County from 1963 through 1966. He later served as a member of the Florida Senate from 1967 through 1971.

Weissenborn was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at University of Florida. Weissenborn died at his home in Palmetto Bay, Florida on May 7, 2017 from stroke complications at the age of 88.

Édouard Philippe

Édouard Charles Philippe (born 28 November 1970) is a French lawyer and politician. He was the Prime Minister of France from 15 May 2017 to 3 July 2020.

Philippe is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, later the Republicans. He has served as a member of the National Assembly representing the 7th constituency of Seine-Maritime since 2012, as well as mayor of Le Havre and president of the agglomeration community of Le Havre since 2010.

On 15 May 2017, President Emmanuel Macron appointed him Prime Minister. He resigned on 3 July 2020. Two days later, he became Mayor of Le Havre.


Callista Gingrich

Callista Louise Gingrich ("née" Bisek; born March 4, 1966) is an American politician and businesswoman. She was the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from December 22, 2017 until January 20, 2017 during the Donald Trump presidency. She was the President of Gingrich Productions. She is married to former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and 2012 Republican Presidential candidate Newt Gingrich.

On May 15, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Gingrich to serve as the United States Ambassador to the Holy See. On October 16, 2017, Gingrich was confirmed by the United States Senate with a 70 to 23 vote. She became ambassador on December 22, 2017

Callista Bisek met Newt Gingrich in 1993 when he was House Minority Whip and she was working in the office of Congressman Steve Gunderson. Callista testified in 1999 as part of Gingrich's divorce proceedings that she and Newt Gingrich began a six-year affair in 1993 while Newt was married to his second wife, Marianne Gingrich. Newt divorced Marianne in December 1999, and on August 18, 2000, Callista and Newt were married in a private ceremony in Alexandria, Virginia.

In 2002, Newt Gingrich, although not a Catholic at the time, asked the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta to officially annul his 19-year marriage to Marianne, on the basis that she had been previously married. Callista, a lifelong Catholic, was instrumental in her husband's conversion to Catholicism in 2009. The Gingriches live in McLean, Virginia.


New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers

New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers was a weekly television programme first shown on Prime Television New Zealand on 6 October 2005. 100 New Zealanders were ranked by a panel. There were six episodes counting down the list from 100 to 11. The seventh and final episode was shown live on 17 November 2005, it showed the top ten people ranked by panelists and the top ten ranked by the public. The public voted by texting a number or by a poll on the Internet. The episodes were narrated by Alison Mau

Joseph Romanos, one of the panellists, wrote a book in 2005 called New Zealand's Top History Makers, It contained the same 100 people.

Top 100 people ranked by panelists:
Top 10 people ranked by the public:



Silvano Basagni

Silvano Basagni (6 August 1938 – 10 May 2017) was an Italian sport shooter. He competed in the mixed trap at the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1972. He was born in Firenze, Italy.

Basagni died on 10 May 2017 in Firenze, Italy from multiple myeloma at the age of 78.

Frank Brian

Frank Sands Brian (May 1, 1923 – May 14, 2017) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Zachary, Louisiana. Brian signed with the Anderson Packers of the National Basketball League in 1947. In 1949 the NBL and BAA merged to form the NBA. He scored 2,442 points in three seasons with the Packers, then joined the Chicago Stags of the NBA. 

Brain died from complications of Alzheimer's disease at his home in Zachary, Louisiana on May 14, 2017 at the age of 94.


Brad Grey

Brad Alan Grey (December 29, 1957 – May 14, 2017) was an American television and movie producer. He was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York. He co-founded the Brillstein-Grey Entertainment agency, and afterwards became the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures, a position he held from 2005 until 2017. He also produced eight out of Paramount's 10 top-grossing pictures of all time after having succeeded Sherry Lansing in 2005.

Grey died on May 14, 2017 from cancer at his Los Angeles home, aged 59.

Moors murders

The Moors murders were carried out by Ian Brady and Myra Hindley between July 1963 and October 1965, in and around what is now Greater Manchester, England.

The victims were five children aged between 10 and 17. They were Pauline Reade, John Kilbride, Keith Bennett, Lesley Ann Downey and Edward Evans. At least four of them were sexually assaulted. The murders have this name because two of the victims were discovered in graves dug on Saddleworth Moor; a third grave was discovered on the moor in 1987, more than 20 years after Brady and Hindley's trial in 1966. 

The body of a fourth victim, Keith Bennett, is probably buried there as well, but despite repeated searches it hasn't been found.

The police were initially aware of only three killings, those of Edward Evans, Lesley Ann Downey and John Kilbride. The investigation was reopened in 1985, after Brady was reported in the press as having confessed to the murders of Pauline Reade and Keith Bennett. Brady and Hindley were taken separately to Saddleworth Moor to assist the police in their search for the graves, both by then having confessed to the additional murders.

The trial was held over 14 days beginning on 19 April 1966, in front of Mr Justice Fenton Atkinson.

Brady and Hindley pleaded not guilty to the charges against them; both were called to give evidence, Brady for over eight hours and Hindley for six.

On 6 May, after having deliberated for a little over two hours, the jury found Brady guilty of all three murders and Hindley guilty of the murders of Downey and Evans. As the death penalty for murder had been abolished while Brady and Hindley were held on remand, the judge passed the only sentence that the law allowed: life imprisonment. Brady was sentenced to three concurrent life sentences and Hindley was given two

Brady was taken to Durham Prison and Hindley was sent to Holloway Prison.

Hindley died of bronchopneumonia caused by heart disease on 15 November 2002 at the age of 60. Brady died on 15 May 2017 from complications from Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 79.


John Cygan

John Cygan (April 27, 1954 – May 13, 2017) was an American actor and comedian. He was born in New York City. Cygan was known for his roles as Detective Paulie Pentangeli in "The Commish", as Twitch in "Toy Story 3" and as "Big Red" in "Monsters University". He also provided the voice as Solidus Snake in the "Metal Gear Solid" video game franchise.

Cygan died of cancer at his Los Angeles, California home on May 13, 2017, aged 63.


Max Newman

Maxwell Herman Alexander "Max" Newman, FRS (7 February 1897 – 22 February 1984) was a British mathematician and codebreaker. He was Jewish. He started the Royal Society Computing Machine Laboratory at the University of Manchester. This laboratory made the first working modern computer. The computer stored programs in 1948. This computer was called the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine.

Smartwatch

A smartwatch is a computerized wristwatch that can do things not related to showing the time.

While early models could perform basic tasks, such as calculations, language translations, and game-playing, since the 2010s smartwatches are effectively wearable computers. Many run mobile apps, using a mobile operating system. Some smartwatches function as portable media players, with FM radio and playback of digital audio and video files via a Bluetooth or USB headset.

Nowadays a smartwatch is a modern watch that provides a touchscreen interface for daily use. smartwatch continuous connectivity via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Stay linked to your digital world, people can track heart rate, SPO2, blood pressure, sleep, step count, etc. Bluetooth calling smartwatches are helping people to connect to each other through the smartphone. 

Aryeh Deri

Aryeh Makhlouf Deri, Hebrew: אריה מכלוף דרעי , (born February 17, 1959 in Meknès) is an Israeli politician. He is political leader of Shas. He helped start this party.

Deri was a Member of Knesset from 1992 to 1999. He returned in parliament in 2013.

In the Fourth Netanyahu Government he was minister of the Development of Galilee and the Negev, and also interior minister. In the Fifth Netanyahu Government he had the same position. He has had several government positions before this.

In 2000 he was sent to prison because of financial crimes.


Fidget spinner

A fidget spinner is a toy that some people believe helps children who can become distracted. Gadget World has published a blog to explain the alleged benefits. However, other people such as teachers believe that fidget spinners are a distraction. This is because teachers and their students get distracted by the noise or the hand motions that come with the fidget spinner package. 

Fidget spinners are popular among young students who collect them, sell them, trade them and play with them. Fidget spinners come in many colors and styles, and many shapes and sizes. Fidget spinners are sold at toy stores, gas stations, and convenience stores. Often, entrepreneurial students will sell them on the playground or at the bus stop.

Catherine Hettinger, a chemical engineer, was first credited by some news stories to have been the inventor of the fidget spinner, including by media outlets such as "The Guardian", "The New York Times" and the "New York Post". Hettinger filed a patent application for a "spinning toy" in 1993. 

Mr. Football Award (Kentucky)

The Mr. Kentucky Football Award is an award given to the best high school football player in the state of Kentucky and in the Kentucky High School Athletic Association (KHSAA). The award is given out based on the recommendations of sports writers and broadcasters from all across the state. Many of the past winners have gone on to play football in college and become professional football players.

"Professional teams listed are teams known."

Mary Tsoni

Mary Tsoni (; 25 June 1987 – 8 May 2017) was a Greek actress and singer. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Evil" (2005), "Dogtooth" (2009) and "" (2009). For her role in "Dogtooth", she won the award for Best Actress at the Sarajevo Film Festival, She was born in Athens. Her career began in 2005.

Tsoni was found dead in her apartment in Exarcheia, Athens on 8 May 2017, aged 30.

Ted Hibberd

Thomas Edward "Ted" Hibberd (April 22, 1926 – May 10, 2017) is a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers. He won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. 

In 2001 Hibberd was honoured by the Canadian Forces when it was announced that the 1948 RCAF Flyers were selected as Canada’s greatest military athletes of the 20th century.

Hibberd died at his home in Ottawa, Ontario on May 10, 2017 at the age of 91.


Yu So-chow

Yu So Chow (; 9 July 1930 – 12 May 2017) was a Chinese actress. She was born in Beijing. She was the daughter of late Master Yu Jim Yuen who ran the "China Drama Academy", a Peking Opera School in Hong Kong, and teacher of many well-known actors. 

She started her acting career in 1948 and made over 240 movies in the wuxia, kung fu, action, detective and Cantonese opera genres. Her movies were successful at the box-office and she was one of the most popular superstars of the 1960 in Asia and Hong Kong. Her best known role was as Tik Siu-ching in "The Flying Fox" (1964).

Yu died in San Francisco, California on 12 May 2017 from pneumonia at the age of 86.


Amotz Zahavi

Amotz Zahavi () (January 1, 1928 – May 12, 2017) was an Israeli evolutionary biologist, a Professor in the Department of Zoology at Tel Aviv University, and one of the founders of the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel (known as the "SPNI"). His main work was about the evolution of signals, particularly those signals that are indicative of fitness, and their selection for "honesty". He was born in Petah Tikva, Israel.

Zahavi died in Tel Aviv, Israel on May 12, 2017, aged 89.


Doug Somers

Doug Somers (real name Douglas Duane Somerson; September 22, 1951 – May 16, 2017) was an American professional wrestler. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was known by his ring name "Pretty Boy" Doug Somers. He worked in the American Wrestling Association (AWA) in the mid-1980s as part of a tag team with "Playboy" Buddy Rose, managed by Sherri Martel. 

Somers died on May 16, 2017 at the age of 65.


Karl-Otto Apel

Karl-Otto Apel (; 15 March 1922 – 15 May 2017) was a German philosopher and Professor Emeritus at the University of Frankfurt am Main. He developed a distinctive philosophical approach which he called "transcendental pragmatics" ("Transzendentalpragmatik"). He was known for his works "" and "Theory of Communicative Action".

Apel was made a Member of the Academia Europaea in 1989 and a Full Member of the Academia Scientiarum et Artium Europaea in 1993. In 2001, he was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Apel died on 15 May 2017 in Niedernhausen at the age of 95.


Javier Valdez Cárdenas

Javier Valdez Cárdenas (April 14, 1967 – May 15, 2017) was a Mexican journalist and founder of "Ríodoce", a newspaper based in Sinaloa. He received several international awards for his writings on drug trafficking and organized crime in the Mexican Drug War.

On May 15, 2017, Valdez Cárdenas was shot and killed by unidentified gunmen around noon, blocks away from the "Ríodoce" offices in Culiacán, Sinaloa. He was 50 years old.

Neil Rolde

Neil Rolde (July 25, 1931 – May 15, 2017) was an American historian, author, philanthropist and politician from Maine. 

Rolde was born and grew up in Brookline, Massachusetts. He studied at Phillips Academy in Andover. He earned a BA in English Literature at Yale University and a masters in journalism at Columbia University. 

In 1990, Rolde won the Democratic Party's nomination but lost to the incumbent Republican Senator Bill Cohen.

Rolde died of natural causes at his home in York, Maine on May 15, 2016 at the age of 85.

Oleg Vidov

Oleg Borisovich Vidov (; June 11, 1943 – May 15, 2017) was a Soviet-American actor, movie director and producer. He appeared in 50 movies from 1961 until his retirement in 2014. He was born in Filimonki, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. He was known for his roles in "Red Heat", "Wild Orchid", and in "The Immortals".

Vidov died on May 15, 2017 from complications of pancreatic cancer at his home in Westlake Village, California at the age of 73.


Leonard Lopate

Leonard Lopate (born September 23, 1940) is an American talk show host. He is the former host of the public radio talk show "The Leonard Lopate Show", broadcast on WNYC. He first broadcasted on WKCR, the college radio station of Columbia University—where his brother Phillip was a student—then later at WBAI, before ultimately moving to WNYC.

Lopate's talk show aired on WNYC from noon to 2 pm every weekday. Segments of the show are available as podcasts found on iTunes and on the station's website. He was fired in December 2017 after a sexual harassment investigation.


William Cohen

William Sebastian Cohen (born August 28, 1940) is an American politician and author from the U.S. state of Maine. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Cohen was a member of the city council of Bangor, Maine from 1969 to 1972, and also was mayor of this city from 1971 to 1972.

He served as both a member of the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate from Maine, and as Secretary of Defense (1997–2001) under Democratic President Bill Clinton.

BBC News hired Cohen as a world affairs analyst in May 2016. Cohen appears in this capacity on "BBC World News America" and other broadcasts. He also serves as an Advisory Board member for the Partnership for a Secure America. Cohen is also a member of the ReFormers Caucus of Issue One.

William Cohen is partly of Jewish descent (his father was Jewish).

On February 14, 1996, Cohen and Janet Langhart were married. Langhart is a former model, Boston television personality, and BET correspondent. Janet Langhart was known as the "First Lady of the Pentagon" during Cohen's tenure as Secretary.

Cohen served as Best Man in then-Senate Naval Liaison John McCain's second wedding (Gary Hart was a groomsman). McCain later became his Senate colleague.

On the afternoon of June 10, 2009, Cohen was present at the United States Holocaust Museum, waiting for his wife Janet Langhart, for the world premiere of her one-act play, "Anne and Emmett". The play imagines a conversation between Anne Frank and Emmett Till. While Cohen waited, an elderly man with a long gun attacked the facility, fatally shooting a security guard before being wounded himself by the other guards. Cohen and his wife were not injured during the attack.

During the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Cohen joined many Republicans in breaking with party ranks to oppose the candidacy of Republican nominee Donald Trump. He endorsed Democratic nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.


Tien-mu

Tien-mu, in Chinese mythology, is the goddess of lightning. She is also called "Dien Mu", "Tian Mu" or "Dian Mu". She is often confused with , the Chinese male deity of thunder.

Bon Appétit (song)

"Bon Appétit" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It is from her fifth studio album, "Witness". The song features hip-hop group Migos. It entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 76 and has reached number 59 so far on that chart. The song reached the top twenty in Canada. "Bon Appétit" was certified gold in the US for sales and streams of 500,000 copies.

The video shows Perry being prepared by chefs as a main dish and features Migos.

Witness (Katy Perry album)

Witness is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It was released on June 9, 2017, by Capitol Records. On February 10, 2017, Perry released the single "Chained to the Rhythm", which reached the top five in many countries worldwide, including the US, UK, and Canada. It features the grandson of Bob Marley, Skip Marley, and was co-written by Australian singer-songwriter Sia. Two months later, the single "Bon Appétit" was made available for download. The hip-hop group Migos is featured on this song.

In May 2017, Perry announced that her fifth studio album would be released on June 9 and is called "Witness".

The album received mixed reviews. It earned 180,000 copies sold and streamed in its first week in the United States and became her third number-one album there.

Perry also announced a concert tour called "Witness: The Tour", set to begin in September 2017 across North America.

Bae Suzy

Bae Su-ji (hangul: 배수지; hanja: 裴秀智; born October 10, 1994 in Gwangju) better known by her stage name Suzy, is a South Korean singer, actress, model and TV presenter. She is the maknae of the South Korean girl group miss A, debuting through JYP Entertainment in 2010. Suzy is considered the most beautiful live idol of K-pop, receiving the title "First Love of the Nation."

Suzy was born in Gwangju, South Korea on October 10, 1994. She attended Seoul Performing Arts High School. Before debuting, she was a model for an online mall. In 2009, Suzy auditioned for the "Superstar K" talent show. It was approved, but ended up being eliminated from the program. She then auditioned to join JYP Entertainment, getting Park Jin-young's attention and getting approved. A year later, at the same agency, Suzy formed a girl group, temporarily titled JYP Sisters, with Fei and Jia. The girls began their promotional activities in China as a promotional group for Samsung China and they released a song for a commercial called "Love Again" for the Samsung Beat Festival. The video for the song allowed auditions to insert a fourth member were opened, causing Min to enter the group, thus forming miss A.

In March 2010, Suzy joined members Fei and Jia to form the miss A group. The trio began their first official promotional activities in China as a group when they signed a contract with Samsung China. The group released a song used for the commercial called "Love Again" for the Samsung Beat Festival. The song was written by the Korean composer Super Changddai, and the music video was directed by Hong Won-ki. Later, a fourth member was added to the group, this being Min.

The female quartet made its official debut in July 2010 under JYP Entertainment with the single "Bad Girl Good Girl". After a successful seven-week promotion period, the group had their return to the music scene in October with a new title track, "Breathe," from the second single "Step Up". They promoted the song for a month and had their "farewell stage" on November 7.

The group returned in July 2011 with the release of their first studio album, "A Class", and the title track "Good Bye Baby". After achieving great success with their album and title track, the band performed their "farewell stage" in early September. They then turned their focus to outdoor activities, making their Chinese debut. In February 2012, they returned with a new musical style through the extended play "Touch".

In the last quarter of 2012, they released the mini-album "Independent Women Pt.III". The album was designed to honor the song "Independent Women" from Destiny's Child. On November 6, 2013, after more than a year of inactivity, Miss A made her comeback with a second studio album titled "Hush". The song was composed by a famous composer duo, E-Tribe. On March 30 of the following year, the group released a new hit, titled "Only You," produced by Black Eyed Pilseung, from their second mini-album, "Colors".

In October 2010, Suzy became host of the "Show! Music Core" of MBC with Minho and Onew, both from SHINee, and Jiyeon, from T-ara. Later she presented programs like "Inkigayo", "M! Countdown", "M! Hello Japan Countdown", 21st Seoul Music Awards, 26th Golden Disk Awards with Hongki from F.T. Island and Mnet's 20's Choice Awards with Song Joong-ki, where she won an award under the category "Hot New Star of 2011". Since then, Suzy has continued to host many music program events for major awards ceremonies.
In addition to her group activities, Suzy is also an actress. She made her debut in the high school drama "Dream High", which was aired on KBS from January 3 to February 28, 2011. Suzy also released a soundtrack for the drama, titled "Winter Child." The drama was a success, bringing high ratings to the range of 18 to 20 percent during its two-month broadcast. She also gained popularity in other countries and received several international awards. At the KBS Drama Awards, Suzy won the awards for Best New Actress and Best Couple, winning the latter with co-star Kim Soo-hyun.

In October 2011, Suzy became a member of the KBS "Invincible Youth 2" reality show. The show began filming its first episode on October 19 and aired on November 11. On November 4, 2011, it was revealed that Suzy would make a surprise appearance in the new music video of Son Ho-young, a former member of the g.o.d group, entitled "Pretty but Hateful." She captivated audiences with her natural beauty and innocent charm, and also left a strong impression for being able to cry at the beginning of the music video.

In 2012, Suzy showed her support for the Pink Wings campaign, organized by the Korean Citizens' Coalition for Teens, attending the special photo shoot held by Vogue Girl. On March 22, 2012, she made her film debut in the film "Introduction to Architecture" starring the younger version of the protagonist. "Architecture 101" was one of the ten most watched films in Korea in the first quarter of 2012 and reached more than 4,1 million at the box office nine weeks after theatrical release; A new box office record for Korean melodramas. Suzy made a lasting impression with her natural acting and innocent charm; And was finally honored with the title "First Love of the Nation". In the same year, Suzy also starred in KBS's drama "Big", written by Hong Sisters, opposite Gong Yoo and Lee Min-jung.

Suzy was announced as the first Korean female celebrity to reach more than a million followers on Twitter. She is also Korea's first female celebrity to win a rookie award for singer, drama actress and film actress, having won the Best New Actress Award at the 48th Baeksang Arts Awards for her performance in "Architecture 101". December 22, 2012, Suzy won the Best Newcomer Award in the Variety category at the KBS Entertainment Awards for her role in "Invincible Youth 2", marking her 4th rookie award in different fields of entertainment and showing her versatility as a complete artist.

In June 2013, the historic action drama "Gu Family Book" was broadcast, where Suzy starred with Lee Seung-gi. The drama garnered extremely high ratings, peaking at number one spot in the time span from Monday to Tuesday throughout the period of its broadcast. She received recognition for her performance in the drama at the MBC Drama Awards, winning the Top Excellence Award. She also appeared on the "Healing Camp" talk show, "Are not You Happy", becoming the youngest guest on the show. The following year, Suzy made a cameo appearance in "My Love from the Star", starring Kim Soo-hyun, her previous "Dream High" co-star.

In 2014, Suzy was hailed "Queen of the Commercials" due to her numerous endorsements deals, ranging from cosmetics and clothing to basic commodities like sugar. In May, Suzy was cast for the movie "The Sound of a Flower" playing the character Jin Chae-sun, Korea's first female pansori singer. The film portrays the struggle of a singer who has no right to appear to the public because of her gender during the Joseon Dynasty. To prepare for the role, Suzy received Pansori training for a year. "The Sound of a Flower" premiered on November 25, 2015. In the same year, Suzy collaborated with Taiwanese singer-actor Show Luo on the single "Together In Love."
In January 2016, Suzy released a digital single titled "Dream" with Baekhyun, one of EXO's lead vocalists. The song quickly reached the top of the charts online in real time and debuted at the top of the Gaon weekly digital chart. "Dream" was a great success, receiving five awards from music programs and the Best Collaboration Award from the Mnet Asian Music Awards.

She then starred in the drama melo-romance "Uncontrollably Fond" with actor Kim Woo-bin. The drama debuted in July 2016, and was broadcast simultaneously in 11 countries; Korea, the United States, China, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam and Cambodia. Suzy has released two soundtracks for the drama, "Ring My Bell" and "When It's Good," the latter having been self-made.

In September 2016, a wax sculpture of her at Madame Tussauds in Hong Kong had her exhibition. Suzy is the first Korean celebrity to receive a wax sculpture in the museum of wax figures. In November 2016, it was confirmed that Suzy will be starring alongside Lee Jong-suk in the drama "While You Were Sleeping", which will premiere in 2017. This drama will mark the second collaboration between her and screenwriter Park Hye-ryun, after working together in the hit drama of 2011 "Dream High".

On January 23, 2017, Suzy made her debut as a solo singer through the release of the title track "Yes No Maybe" and the extended play "Yes? No?" The week before its release on January 17, "Pretend" was released, a pre-release single that quickly reached an all-kill on South Korean music charts. For the promotions of her EP, Suzy starred in her own reality show titled "Off the Record: Suzy". On February 28, 2017, she collaborated with singer Park Won in a duet titled "Don't Wait For Your Love".



2012 Russian presidential election

The 2012 Russian presidential election was a presidential election. It occurred on 4 March 2012 in the Russian Federation. The election was for an extended term of six years.

Incumbent president, Dmitry Medvedev, decided not to run for a second term.

Vladimir Putin, from United Russia, easily won the election. He received 64% of the vote.

The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe gave an overall positive review of the election, but they did notice some issues. They found that Putin was given more airtime than other candidates. There were also some cases of carousel voting (which is a type of electoral fraud where supporters drive to multiple polling stations and vote multiple times). 
Ruža Tomašić, a OSCE observer from Croatia, noted that there were no violations at the five polling stations she observed.
A few days after the election, 15,000–20,000 people protested in Moscow against the results. The Communist Party of the Russian Federation did not recognize the results.

Jidai Matsuri

The Jidai Matsuri is a traditional Japanese festival held every year on October 22 in Kyoto, Japan. It is enjoyed by people of all ages, participating in its historic reenactment parade, dressed in historic costumes representing different periods of Japanese history.
This festival started when the Japanese capital of Kyoto moved to Tokyo in 1868. This involved the movement of the Emperor of Japan and his family.
The Jidai Matsuri begins early in the morning with small shrines brought out of the Kyoto Imperial Palace so people can pay their respects. The five-hour parade starts in the afternoon, with 2000 performers dressed as samurai, military figures, and common people from the Meiji era.

Meknès

Meknès or Meknes, Moroccan Amazigh : ⴰⵎⴽⵏⴰⵙ - "Ameknas", Arab: مكناس - "Mknas", is a city in the north of Morocco. About 632,000 people were living in this city in 2014.

Meknès is one of the four Imperial cities of Morocco. The city dates from the 11th century. It lies north of the Middle Atlas.


Flurlingen

Flurlingen is a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Freienstein-Teufen

Freienstein-Teufen is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Geroldswil

Geroldswil is a municipality of the district Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Glattfelden

Glattfelden is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Gossau, Zürich

Gossau is a municipality in the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Alain Defossé

Alain Defossé (11 February 1957 – 14 May 2017) was a French novelist and translator. He was born in Nantes, France.

His first novel, " Les fourmis d’Anvers", was published in 1991. He also translated several books from English into French. For example, he translated "Crazy Cock" by Henry Miller in 1990. He also translated "American Psycho" by Bret Easton Ellis in 1993. 

In 2006, he translated "The Night Watch" by Sarah Waters. Two years later, in 2008, he translated "Rant" by Chuck Palahniuk. Other novelists whose work he translated are Irvine Welsh and Joseph Connolly.

Defossé died on 14 May 2017 in Paris of lung cancer at the age of 60.

Dilbagh Singh Athwal

Dilbagh Singh Athwal (12 October 1928 – 14 May 2017) was an Indian geneticist, plant breeder and agriculturist. He was known to have been a pioneering scientist in the research in plant breeding. He was well known as Father of Wheat Revolution, he was important in developing ‘PV 18’ in 1966 and the most popular amber grained wheat variety ‘Kalyansona’ in 1967. In 1967, he joined International Rice Research Institute's management team and ultimately served as the Institute’s first deputy director general.

Athwal was a former professor and the Head of the Department of Plant Breeding at Punjab Agricultural University and an associate of Norman Borlaug, the renowned biologist and Nobel Laureate, with whom he has collaborated for the introduction of high-yielding dwarf varieties of Wheat. 

Athwal died at his Princeton, New Jersey home on 14 May 2017 from complications of liver failure at the age of 88.

Bruce Hill (racing driver)

Bruce Hill (July 9, 1949 – May 14, 2017) was an American former stock car racing driver. He was born Topeka, Kansas. He competed in the Winston Cup Series, ARCA, and in the NASCAR West Series. He also competed in late model races around his hometown of Topeka later in life. 

Hill died in 2017 due to complications from esophageal cancer at his Topeka home at the age of 67.


Nasser Givehchi

Nasser Givehchi (, November 12, 1932 – May 15, 2017) was an Iranian wrestler. He won the silver medal in the Featherweight division of Freestyle wrestling in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, and also competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, where he managed to get to sixth place in the 62 kg division. 

Givehchi ranked fifth at the 1954 World Wrestling Championships in Tokyo. In the 1958 Asian Games in Tokyo Givehchi managed to win the bronze medal of the 62 kg division.

Givehchi died in Tehran, Iran on May 15, 2017 at the age of 86.

Jean-Yves Le Drian

Jean-Yves Le Drian (); born 30 June 1947) is a French politician. He is a member of the French Socialist Party. He served as the Minister of Defence and Veterans Affairs under President François Hollande and was nominated by Emmanuel Macron to serve as Foreign Minister in the Philippe cabinet.

Rhodri Morgan

Hywel Rhodri Morgan (29 September 1939 – 17 May 2017) was a Welsh Labour politician. He was the First Minister of Wales and the Leader of Welsh Labour from 2000 to 2009. He was also the Assembly Member for Cardiff West from 1999 to 2011 and the Member of Parliament for Cardiff West from 1987 to 2001.

Morgan died on 17 May 2017 after collapsing at his Wenvoe, Wales home from a suspected heart attack at the age of 77.

Bernard Bosson

Bernard Bosson (25 February 1948 – 16 May 2017) was a French politician and lawyer. He served as Minister of Transport, Minister of Tourism, and Minister of Public Works under Prime Minister Édouard Balladur from 1993 to 1995. He was a member of the 12th French National Assembly, representing Haute-Savoie as a member of the Union for French Democracy. He was also the mayor of Annecy. 

Bosson died in hospital in Lyon, France on 16 May 2017 from a long-illness, aged 69.

Viktor Gorbatko

Viktor Vasilyevich Gorbatko (; December 3, 1934 – May 17, 2017) was a Soviet cosmonaut who flew on the Soyuz 7, Soyuz 24, and Soyuz 37 missions. He was awarded twice for the Hero of the Soviet Union and Order of Lenin. He was born in Ventsy-Zarya, Azov-Black Sea Krai.

Gorbatko died of stomach cancer at his home in Moscow on May 17, 2017 at the age of 82.


Roxcy Bolton

Roxcy O'Neal Bolton (June 3, 1926 – May 17, 2017) was an American feminist and civil and women's rights activist. She was born in Duck Hill, Mississippi. In 1966, Bolton helped form Florida's National Organization for Women, serving as charter president of the Miami Chapter and National Vice President in 1969. In 1969, she successfully challenged the practice that many store restaurants had of keeping a separate "men only" section. She founded Women in Distress, a shelter for homeless women.

In 1972, she encouraged President Richard Nixon to issue a proclamation honoring Women's Equality Day, which he did. In 1974, she founded the nation's first Rape Treatment Center in Miami, later renamed the Roxcy Bolton Rape Treatment Center in 1993.

Bolton died on the morning of May 17, 2017 at her Coral Gables, Florida home from cardiac arrest at the age of 90. 

Tzipi Livni

Tziporah Malka "Tzipi" Livni, (born July 8, 1958 in Tel Aviv) is a former Israeli politician. She was political leader of HaTnu'a ("The Movement").

Livni served both in the army and in the Mossad. Afterwards she studied law at Bar-Ilan University and worked as a lawyer.

From 1999 to 2012 and 2013 to 2019 she was a Member of Knesset.

In the 2000s she was in government, including the jobs of justice and foreign minister. During the Second Netanyahu Government (2009-2013) she was leading the parliamentarian opposition. In 2013 she joined the Third Netanyahu Government by becoming justice minister. In 2014 the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused her and Yesh Atid leader Yair Lapid of trying to bring down his cabinet. They were sent away, which resulted in the downfall of his cabinet.

Originally she was a HaLikud politician, but in 2005 she joined Kadima. In 2012 she founded HaTnu'a. In the 2015 elections HaTnu'a formed one list with HaAvoda (Israeli Labor Party) and HaTnu'a HaYeruqa ("The Green Movement"), called HaMahaneh HaTziyoni ("The Zionist Union"). In the 20th Knesset she was leading this list with (former) HaAvoda leader Yitzhak Herzog.

Livni is in favour of the two-state solution, besides the State of Israel an independent State of Palestine. As a minister she spoke frequently with Palestinian politicians to achieve this goal.


Red-tailed black shark

The red-tailed black shark is a freshwater fish in the carp family, Cyprinidae. Its scientific name is "Epalzeorhynchos bicolor". It is not actually a shark, just so-called in its popular name.

It is endemic to Thailand. It is critically endangered. It is common in aquariums, where its deep black body and vivid red or orange tail are prized. The red-tailed black sharks seen in aquariums today are all bred in captivity.

It is omnivorous.

Budalur block

Budalur block is a revenue block in the Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It has 50 panchayat villages.

The total population of the revenue block is 26,874 according to 2011 Census of India.

The Emoji Movie

The Emoji Movie is a 2017 animated family comedy adventure movie from Sony Pictures. It is about little faces used to text with called, "emojis." Emojis are part of United States pop culture. The movie is about 3 emojis going on an epic adventure in a smartphone to save them from deletion. 

Gene is a “meh” emoji in the phone of a teen named Alex. He is the son of two other “meh” emojis, Mel and Mary Meh. Gene is not like other emojis because he has more than just one emotion. Alex decides to send Gene to a girl he likes, Addie McCallister, but Gene panics. This results in Alex sending an emoji with a weird face to Addie and Gene wrecking his workplace in the phone. Gene is threatened with deletion by a powerful Emoji called Smiler but is rescued by another Emoji called Hi-5 who tells Gene that he can be fixed if they find a hacker.

In the human world, Alex has started to think that his phone is broken. Back in the phone, Hi-5 and Gene visit another app and meet another emoji, a hacked called Jailbreak who wants to go to the cloud. The three emojis are chased by Smiler’s robots from app to app. During the adventure they also find out Jailbreak is actually a princess. A relationship starts to form between Gene and Jailbreak. 

The trio make it to the cloud where Jailbreak is about to reprogram Gene. Just then, one of Smiler’s robot sneaks into the cloud and captures Gene. Hi-5 and Jailbreak chase after them on a Twitter bird.

As Smiler is about to delete Gene, Gene’s parents arrive, and Mel reveals he also has more than one emotion. Jailbreak and Hi-5 arrive and stop Smiler’s robot, which falls on top of Smiler. In the human world, Alex is preparing to do a factory reset, which will destroy the emoji world. Just before the reset, Gene has himself texted to Addie. This stops Alex from doing the reset and stops the emoji world from being destroyed. He finally speaks with Addie, who likes Gene’s face-changing powers. Gene learns to accepts himself and all the emojis throw a party except Smiler, who is sent to a club for unpopular emojis as shown in the end credits.

This movie received extremely bad reviews from critics. They did not like the plot of the movie, because they think the movie was lazily created and simply designed for advertising product placement of apps like Candy Crush Saga, Just Dance and Dropbox. They also stated that "The Emoji Movie" lacks originality and is too similar to other, better movies like Wreck-It Ralph and The Lego Movie. With a rating of 6% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, it is the worst reviewed animated movie of 2017.

The music for the Emoji Movie was composed by Patrick Doyle.

Spaichingen

Spaichingen is a town of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, it has about 13,000 people lived there.

Spaichingen lies on the Prim at the foot of the Dreifaltigkeitsberg (Holy Trinity Mountain). It is northwest of Tuttlingen, and southeast of Rottweil. It has an elevation of above sea level.

Greifensee, Switzerland

Greifensee is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Geisingen

Geisingen is a town in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the Danube River, southwest of Tuttlingen, and southeast of Villingen-Schwenningen.

Grüningen

Grüningen is a municipality of the district Hinwil in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

In 1976, Grüningen got the Wakker Prize for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage.

Brooks County, Texas

Brooks County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 7,076 people lived there. The county seat is Falfurrias. The county is named for James Abijah Brooks, a Texas Ranger and politician.

Brown County, Texas

Brown County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 38,095 people lived there. The county seat is Brownwood. It is named for Henry Stevenson Brown, a commander at the Battle of Velasco.


Tom Green County, Texas

Tom Green County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 120,003 people lived there. The county seat is San Angelo. The county was created in 1874.


Live Oak County, Texas

Live Oak County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 11,335 people lived there. The county seat is George West. The county was named for the groves of live oak in its borders.


Uvalde County, Texas

Uvalde County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 24,564 people lived there. The county seat is Uvalde. It is named for Juan de Ugalde, the Spanish governor of Coahuila.


Grimes County, Texas

Grimes County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 29,268 people lived there. The county seat is Anderson. It is named for Jesse Grimes, a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence.


Hagenbuch

Hagenbuch is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Outi Ojala

Outi Marjatta Ojala (28 June 1946 – 16 May 2017) was a Finnish politician of the Left Alliance. She served as a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1991 to 1996 and from 1999 to 2007, and as a Member of the European Parliament from 1996 to 1999. She was President of the Nordic Council in 2002.

Anil Madhav Dave

Anil Madhav Dave (6 July 1956 – 18 May 2017) was a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) politician and the Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change (Independent Charge) in the Narendra Modi ministry from July 2016 until his death. He was born in Badnagar, Madhya Pradesh.

Dave died on 18 May 2017 from cardiac arrest caused by pneumonia at a hospital in New Delhi at the age of 60


Reema Lagoo

Reema Lagoo (21 June 1958 – 18 May 2017) was an Indian theater and screen actress. She was known for her work in Hindi and Marathi cinema. She began her acting career in the Marathi theatre. She was born in Bombay, Bombay State (now in Maharashtra). 

Lagoo starred in "Rihaee" (1988). She then starred in the blockbuster movie "Maine Pyar Kiya" (1989) as Salman Khan's mother and then in "Saajan" (1991). She starred in action drama and crime thriller "Gumrah" (1993) as Sridevi's mother , "Jai Kishen" (1994) as Akshay Kumar's mother and "Rangeela" (1995) as Urmila Matondkar's mother. 

Her "Gumrah" (1993) was seventh-highest grosser of the year at the box office, "Jai Kishen" (1994) was a commercial success (declared 'semihit'). "Rangeela" (1995) was highest grosser of the year at the box office. 

Lagoo died on 18 May 2017 at a hospital in Mumbai, India from cardiac arrest, aged 58.

Daniele Piombi

Daniele Piombi (14 July 1932 – 18 May 2017) was an Italian television and radio presenter and television writer. He was born in San Pietro in Casale, Italy. He was known for having been the creator, organizer and presenter of the "Premio Regia Televisiva", informally known as "Oscar TV", an award ceremony established in 1960 which rewards the best programs, directors and presenters of the Italian television.

Piombi died at a hospital in Milan, Italy from complications of respiratory arrest on 18 May 2017 at the age of 84.

Respiratory arrest

Respiratory arrest is the cessation of breathing due to failure of the lungs to function effectively. Apnea is the stopping of breathing. Prolonged apnea refers to a patient who has stopped breathing for a long period of time. If the heart muscle contraction is intact, the condition is known as respiratory arrest. Lack of oxygen to the brain causes loss of consciousness. Brain injury is likely if respiratory arrest goes untreated for more than three minutes, and death is almost certain if left untreated for more than five minutes.

Nawshirwan Mustafa

Nawshirwan Mustafa (22 December 1944 – 19 March 2017) was an Iraqi Kurdish politician. He served as the General Coordinator (رێکخەری گشتی / rêkxerî giştî) of the Movement for Change () from 2009 until his death in 2017. He served as the leader of the official opposition in the Kurdistan Region. He was born in Sulaymaniyah, Iraq.

Mistafa died in Sulaymaniyah due to lung cancer on 19 May 2017 at the age of 72.

Salvador Sobral

Salvador Vilar Braamcamp Sobral (born 28 December 1989) is a Portuguese singer and activist. He won the 2017 Eurovision Song Contest for Portugal with the song "Amar pelos dois", written by his sister Luísa Sobral. He gave Portugal its first ever win in the contest since the country's debut in 1964, ending the longest winless run by a country in Eurovision history (53 years). 

Under the current voting system, the highest scoring winner is him winning the contest in Kiev, Ukraine, with 758 points, with both the maximum points from the jury and the public vote being attributed to him.

Thiruvidaimarudur

Thiruvidaimarudur is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu, India. The popular Mahalingeshwar Temple is located here.
The population of the town is 14,786 according to the census 2011.

Ammapettai, Thanjavur

Ammapettai is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. This town is the headquarters of Ammapettai revenue block.
The population of the town according to 2011 census is 14,572.

Thirunageswaram

Thirunageswaram is a panchayat town in Kumbakonam taluk, Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu. It is a famous for its two temples namely the Nagannatha Swami Temple and the Vaishnavite Oppiliappan Temple.

As of 2011 Census the population of the town is 15,082.

Ya'akov Litzman

Ya'akov Litzman, Hebrew: יעקב ליצמן , (born September 2, 1948 in Germany) is an Israeli rabbi and politician of Yahadut HaTorah HaMeuhedet ("United Torah Judaism", shortened "UTJ"). He is political leader of Agudat Yisrael ("Union of Israel"), one of the two branches of UTJ. He belongs to the Hasidism movement of Haredi Judaism.

Shortly after his birth Litzman migrated to the United States, followed by a migration to Israel when he was a teenager.

In 1999 he was elected to Israel's parliament, the Knesset. In 2015 he was appointed deputy health minister in the Fourth Netanyahu Government. Later that year he became the health minister, so he was included in the government coalition of ruling parties. In November 2017 he again became deputy health minister because he didn't agree that the government allowed repair activities on the national railway infrastructure on the Shabbat. Since May 17, 2020 he has been minister of construction in the Fifth Netanyahu Government.

In early April 2020, Litzman was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Gerrit Blaauw

Gerrit Anne "Gerry" Blaauw (born 17 July 1924) is a Dutch computer scientist. He is known as one of the principal designers of the IBM System/360 line of computers, together with Fred Brooks, Gene Amdahl, and others.

In 1982 he was elected member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 1997 he co-authored "Computer Architecture: Concepts and Evolution" with Brooks.

Blaauw was born in The Hague. He graduated from Delft University of Technology in 1946.


Harry Leslie Smith

Harry Leslie Smith (25 February 1923 – 28 November 2018) was a British writer and political commentator. He served in the RAF during the Second World War, later moving to Canada. 

After retiring, Smith began writing his memoirs and about the social history of Great Britain, during his youth and in the 21st century. He has written five books about Britain during the Great Depression, the Second World War, and postwar austerity. 

Smith writes for "The Guardian" newspaper, "The New Statesman", "The Daily Mirror", "International Business Times" and the "Morning Star", and has made a number of public appearances in the UK (including the 2014 Labour Party conference and during the 2015 General Election and the 2016 EU Referendum) and Canada (in his 2015 Stand up For Progress National Tour).

On 20 November 2018 Smith was hospitalized in critical condition after suffering from pneumonia after having a fall at his home. He died a week later on 28 November in Belleville, Ontario at the age of 95.


Algolsheim

Algolsheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hausen am Albis

Hausen am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Brenta (river)

The Brenta is an important river in northeastern Italy. It begins near the "Caldonazzo" and "Levico" lakes in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol and flows for more than into the Adriatic Sea to the south of the city of Venice.

The Brenta river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately . Its average yearly discharge is at Bassano del Grappa in the Vicenza province.

The Brenta, together with the Piave river, formed the Venetian Lagoon.

The Brenta river starts between the "Caldonazzo" and "Levico" lakes, two small lakes in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region, in the comune of Caldonazzo, Trento province, at an elevation of about . From here, the river flows through the "Valsugana", the valley that goes from Bassano del Grappa to Trento, first to the east and later to the south. In this part, the Brenta is joined by its main left tributary, the Cismon stream, in the "comune" Cismon del Grappa, province of Vicenza (the Bacchiglione river is larger but it joins the Brenta near the mouth).

After the "comune" of Bassano del Grappa, the river flows through the "Pianura Padana" (the "Valley of the Po river"). Finally, it flows into the Adriatic Sea, near the "comune" of Chioggia in the Metropolitan City of Venice. Near the mouth, Brenta is joined in the locality "Ca' Pasqua" by the Bacchiglione river.



Rich Buckler

Richard "Rich" Buckler (February 6, 1949 – May 19, 2017) was an American comic book artist and penciller. He was best known for his work on Marvel Comics' "Fantastic Four" in the mid-1970s and for creating the character Deathlok in "Astonishing Tales" #25. Buckler drew virtually every major character at Marvel and DC, often as a cover artist. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Buckler died on May 20, 2017 of cancer at the age of 68.


Albert Bouvet

Albert Bouvet (28 February 1930 – 20 May 2017) was a French professional cyclist. He won Paris–Tours in 1956 and remained the last Frenchman to win until Jacky Durand won in 1998. His name is also associated with Paris–Roubaix, as an organiser and discoverer of new sections of pavé. He was born in Mellé, Ille-et-Vilaine.

Bouvet died on 20 May 2017 in Paris at the age of 87.

Syed Abdullah Khalid

Syed Abdullah Khalid (1942 – 20 May 2017) was a Bangladeshi sculptor. He was born in Sylhet, Bangladesh.

Khalid has also worked on paintings.He was awarded Ekushey Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in 2017.

Khalid has exhibited solo three times since and he was awarded first prize in the Second National Sculpture Exhibition organized by the Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy in 1983. At various times he was nominated Judge by Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy for national level exhibitions. He was a Professor at the Sculpture Department, Institute of Fine Arts, University of Dhaka until his death.

Khalid died on 20 May 2017 at a hospital in Dhaka from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 75.


Wayne Walker

Wayne Harrison Walker (September 30, 1936 – May 19, 2017) was an American professional football player and sports broadcaster. He was born in Boise, Idaho.

Walker played fifteen seasons with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League, as a linebacker and placekicker from 1958 through 1972. Walker played in 200 regular season games, the second most for a defensive player at the time. He played in three Pro Bowls and was thrice selected as a first-team All-NFL player. 

After the 1972 season, he retired as a player and was a sports broadcaster for CBS and the sports director for KPIX-TV in San Francisco from 1974 to 1994. Walker was a weekend sportscaster during the off-season during his later years as a Detroit Lion.

In December 1999, Walker was ninth on the "Sports Illustrated" list of greatest sports figures from Idaho.

Walker was diagnosed with throat cancer in June 2007 and lost after chemotherapy and radiation treatment. In 2015, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died on May 19, 2017, from complications from the disease in Boise at the age of 80.

Tommy Lasorda

Thomas Charles Lasorda (September 22, 1927 – January 7, 2021) was a Major League Baseball player. He had a long career in sports management.

In 2009, he marked his sixth decade in one capacity or another with the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers organization, the longest discontinuous (he played one season with the Kansas City Athletics) tenure anyone has had with the team, edging Dodger broadcaster Vin Scully by two seasons. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame as a manager in 1997.

Lasorda came out of retirement to manage the United States team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. He led the Americans to the gold medal, beating heavily favored Cuba, which had won the gold medals at the two previous Olympics.

With the death of Red Schoendienst on June 6, 2018, Lasorda was the oldest living Hall-of-Famer.

In November 2020, Lasorda was hospitalized for having a heart attack and was discharged the next month. On January 7, 2021, Lasorda went to cardiac arrest at his home in Fullerton, California and died a few hours later, aged 93.


Kid Vinil

Kid Vinil, stage name of Antônio Carlos Senefonte (10 March 1955 – 19 May 2017), was a Brazilian singer, radio broadcaster, composer and journalist. He became famous in the Brazilian rock of the 1980s. He was born in Cedral, Brazil.

Vinil was the vocalist of the Brazilian band "Magazine", that used to execute the songs "Tic Tic Nervoso" (composed by Marcos Serra and Antonio Luiz), "A Gata Comeu", "Sou Boy" and "Glub Glub No Clube", all three composed by Vinil himself. In the beginning of the 1980s, he had been member of "Verminose", a band of the genres punk rock and rockabilly.

Vinil died on 19 May 2017 from cardiac arrest in São Paulo, Brazil at the age of 62.


Bob Kuzava

Robert Leroy "Bob" Kuzava (May 28, 1923 – May 15, 2017), also known as Sarge Kuzava, was an American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher for the Cleveland Indians (1946–1947), Chicago White Sox (1949–1950), Washington Senators (1950–1951), New York Yankees (1951–1954), Baltimore Orioles (1954–1955), Philadelphia Phillies (1955), Pittsburgh Pirates (1957) and St. Louis Cardinals (1957). He was born in Wyandotte, Michigan.

In 2003, Kuzava was inducted into the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame.

Kuzava died on May 15, 2017 at his Wyandotte, Michigan home from natural causes at the age of 93.

Gunnar Möller

Gunnar Möller (1 July 1928 – 16 May 2017) was a German television and movie actor. He was known for his role as Andreas in "I Often Think of Piroschka" (1955). His career began in the 1940 movie "Our Miss Doctor". He retired in 2005 with the movie "Oktoberfest". 

Möller was born in Berlin. He was married to the actress Brigitte Rau until her death in 1979. Möller died on 16 May 2017 at his Frankfurt, Germany home from dementia-related complications at the age of 88.

Emile Degelin

Emile Degelin (16 July 1926 – 20 May 2017) was a Belgian movie director and novelist. He was known for being the director of "If the Wind Frightens You". His 1963 movie "Life and Death in Flanders" was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival. His 1969 movie "Palaver" was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. His last movie, "De ooggetuige", won the audience prize at the Ghent Film Festival in 1995.

Degelin was born in Diest, Belgium. He died on 20 May 2017 at his home in Kessel-Lo, a borough of Leuven, Belgium from pneumonia at the age of 90.

Victor Găureanu

Victor Dan Găureanu, better known as Dan Găureanu (15 November 1967 – 20 May 2017) was a Romanian fencer. He was born in Nicolae Bălcescu, Coțușca Romania.

He competed in the sabre events at the 1992 and 2000 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal at the 1999 World Fencing Championships after he was defeated by Wiradech Kothny, who eventually won the gold medal. 

As part of the Romanian team he earned two bronze medals at the World Championships.

Găureanu died on 20 May 2017 in Bucharest from a suspected case of cardiac arrest at the age of 49.

Alexander Alexandrovich Volkov

Alexander Alexandrovich Volkov (Udmurt and ; 25 December 1951 – 20 May 2017) was the President of the Udmurt Republic. As President, Volkov was the highest official in the Udmurt Republic, the head of the republic's highest executive body, and leader of its two million citizens.

Volkov took office November 3, 2000, for a five-year term after the first presidential elections in the Udmurt Republic took place on October 15, 2000. Befor the elections, Volkov was the speaker of the Udmurtia Republican Legislature.

Volkov died on 20 May 2017 in Berlin, Germany, where he was being treated at a clinic for cancer at the age of 65.


Tom Wright (baseball)

Thomas Everette "Tom" Wright (September 22, 1923 – September 5, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. He played as an outfielder. He was born in Shelby, North Carolina. Wright played all or part of nine seasons in Major League Baseball (1948–56) for four American League teams. He threw right-handed, batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed as an active player.

Wright played for the Boston Red Sox (1948–1951), the St. Louis Browns (1952), the Chicago White Sox (1952–1953) and for the Washington Senators (1954–1956). Wright retired after the 1957 minor league season.

Wright died on September 5, 2017 in Shelby, North Carolina from stroke complications at the age of 93.

, or SABR Biography Project

Joy Corning

Joy Corning (September 7, 1932 — May 20, 2017) was an American politician and educator. She served as the 44th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from January 1991 through January 15, 1999 during the governorship of Terry Branstad. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Corning entered the 1998 Republican Gubernatorial primary making history as the first woman to run for the Republican nomination to the office of Governor in the state’s history. After an abbreviated gubernatorial campaign, she was forced to drop out due in large part to a lack of financial support.

Corning was born in Bridgewater, Iowa. She graduated from the University of Northern Iowa. Corning died May 20, 2017 from liver disease in Cedar Falls, Iowa at the age of 84.

Kim Reynolds

Kimberly Kay "Kim" Reynolds (born August 4, 1959) is an American politician. She is the 43rd and current Governor of Iowa since May 24, 2017. Before, she was the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from January 14, 2011 until May 24, 2017. Reynolds also served as the Chair-Elect of the National Lieutenant Governors Association (NLGA). She served as a state senator from Osceola from January 11, 2009 through November 12, 2010.

Reynolds assumed the office of Governor of Iowa on May 24, 2017 because Terry Branstad was confirmed as the next United States Ambassador to China. Reynolds is the first woman to hold this office.

Ernest Godward

Ernest Godward was born in Marylebone, London on 7 April 1869. He was the son of Henry Robert Godward, a fireman, and his wife, Sarah Ann Pattison. He lived in England, New Zealand and the United States. He created the spiral hairpin and a type of carburettor called a petrol economiser, which boosted engine performance and reduced fuel consumption. He also invented the Non-slip Egg Beater 
, a new post-hole borer, a new type of hair curler, a burglar-proof window and a hedge trimmer made from bicycle parts.

Yung Mung Sung

Yung Mung Sung () is a 2018 Tamil language period action movie written and directed by M. S. Arjun. Prabhu Deva was the lead role in the movie and Lakshmi Menon was selected as the lead heroine of it while Thangar Bachan and RJ Balaji play other pivotal roles. The movie began production in February 2017. It is based on the real-life story of how the first Kung Fu Robber, Bhairavan was put in jail in the 1980s. The movie was theatrically released on March 30, 2018. It received positive reviews from critics for Deva's performance.


Prabhu Deva agreed on terms to work with newcomer Arjun for the comedy movie "Yung Mung Sung" in January 2017, with Vasan Visual Ventures taking the role of producers. Actors Thangar Bachan and RJ Balaji were also recruited for the movie, with the former signed to feature as the father of Deva's character. The team held talks with Catherine Tresa to play the lead actress. Her unavailability led the team to cast Lakshmi Menon in the role. Prabhu Deva was revealed to be playing a detective who becomes a Kung Fu Master in the movie.

The movie began production on 9 February 2017 following a launch event held in Chennai.

"Yung Mung Sung" was theatrically released on 2024

Automation

In the context of engineering, automation is when a device or a machine is changed in such a way that it can fulfill the task it was designed for without the need of human . Very often, this means that the machine is fitted with an additional system which takes control of its functions. For example, a centrifugal governor controls a steam engine.

Benefits of automation are that the output of the machine or device are more uniform, and that product quality is improved. A system that is not fully automated needs human interaction is needed: Many of the tasks involved are repetitive and boring. In general, machines are also designed so that humans no longer need to lift heavy weights or do dangerous things. With automation, human intervention is limited or absent.

Islets of Langerhans

The pancreatic islets or islets of Langerhans are parts of the pancreas. They have cells that make hormones. Some of these cells are beta cells that produce the hormone insulin.

Time in Pakistan

Pakistan has experimented with Daylight Saving Time (DST) a number of times since 2002, shifting local time from to during various summer periods, having the effect of making Pakistan counter-intuitively half an hour ahead of India during those times, even though India is generally to its east.


Daylight saving time is no longer observed in Pakistan.

Wels

Wels (Latin: Ovilava) is a city in the state of Upper Austria in Austria. It is on the Traun River near Linz. About 60,000 people lived there in 2016.

Kellogg's

Kellogg Company, or Kellogg's for short,(now rebranding as Kellanova in the UK only) is an American food distribution company. It is headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan.

Kellogg's makes cereal, toaster pastries like Pop-Tarts, fruit-flavored snacks and vegetarian foods. The company's brands are Apple Jacks, Special K, Eggo, Rice Krispies, Cocoa Krispies, and many more.

Kellogg's products are made in 18 countries. They are sold in more than 180 countries, like France, Australia and Russia.

Henggart

Henggart is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Herrliberg

Herrliberg is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Paul Judge

Sir Paul Rupert Judge (25 April 1949 – 21 May 2017) was an English business and political figure. He served as Chairman of Schroder Income Growth Fund plc. He also worked at Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation, Tempur-Pedic, and The Abraaj Group.

Judge was born in London. He studied at Trinity College, Cambridge and at the University of Pennsylvania. From 2002 until his death, he was married to Barbara Thomas. Judge died on 21 May 2017 in London at the age of 68.


Jimmy LaFave

Jimmy LaFave (July 12, 1955 – May 21, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter and folk musician. He was born in Willis Point, Texas. After moving to Stillwater, Oklahoma, LaFave created a musical style called Red Dirt music. LaFave was an Advisory Board member and regular performer at the annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festival. 

LaFave has recorded 15 albums and his 2007 release, "Cimarron Manifesto", reached the No. 1 mark on the Americana Music Association album chart. In 2012, LaFave released the studio album "Depending On The Distance". 

LaFave died on May 21, 2017 in Austin, Texas from tissue cancer at the age of 61.


Bill White (ice hockey)

William Earl "Bill" White (August 26, 1939 – May 21, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. White was one of the most notable defensive defense men of the 1970s. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He played for the Rochester Americans and the Springfield Indians in the AHL. He played in the NHL for the Los Angeles Kings and the Chicago Black Hawks.

White died on May 21, 2017 in Toronto, Ontario from natural causes at the age of 77.

Oscar Fulloné

Luis Oscar Fulloné Arce, better known as Oscar Fulloné (4 April 1939 – 22 May 2017) was an Argentine football coach and player. He played for Independiente Medellín and Real Oviedo before moving to England to play for Aston Villa in 1967.

Known as Oscar Arce during his time in England he remained in the country following his retirement from playing and was a coach for both Sheffield United and Sunderland. He became manager of Swiss side FC Sion in 1980 before going on to become one of the most successful African club managers.


West End Girls

West End Girls is a pop song from the British duo Pet Shop Boys. The song is mixed with hip hop music. The lyrics are about inner-city life and class.

The first version of the song was released in April 1984. It became a club hit in the United States and some European countries. When the duo signed with British record company EMI, the song was re-recorded for their first studio album "Please". In October 1985, the new version was released. It hit #1 in the United Kingdom and the United States in 1986.

In 1987, the song won Best Single at the BRIT Awards. In 2005, more than 20 years after its release, the song was awarded Song of the Decade between 1985 and 1994 by British Academy of Composers and Songwriters.

The "West End Girls" has many versions. One of them is eight minutes and nine seconds in length. Another version is seven minutes/fifty seconds long.

Zbigniew Wodecki

Zbigniew Stanisław Wodecki (6 May 1950 – 22 May 2017) was a Polish singer, musician, composer, actor and TV presenter. He was born in Kraków, Poland.

Wodecki was mostly known for songs “Chałupy Welcome To”, “Lubię wracać tam, gdzie byłem”, “Zacznij od Bacha” or the Polish versions of the "Maya the Honey Bee", The Gummi Bears and the "" soundtracks. He was one of the judges on the Polish version of the "Dancing with the Stars" show, "", during its first twelve seasons.

Wodecki died at a hospital in Warsaw, Poland on 22 May 2017 from complications of a stroke and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 67.

Manchester Arena bombing

The Manchester Arena bombing was an Islamist suicide bomb attack. It occurred in Manchester, England, on the 22 May 2017. Twenty-three people were killed, including the bomber.<ref name="CBS/AP 22 May 2017, 6:46 PM"></ref>

The explosion caused Manchester Victoria railway station's services to be blocked. Police described the reports as a "serious incident".

Mayor of Liverpool Steve Rotheram was present at the concert with his family.

At approximately 01:35 BST, a controlled explosion was conducted by police in Cathedral Gardens after what was believed to be an explosive device was found. The item was determined to be harmless clothing that was left behind.

Police were first treating this as a possible but unconfirmed terrorist attack done by a suicide bomber until confirmed as a suicide bombing hours later.

The bombing is the most deadly terrorist attack to occur in the United Kingdom since the 7 July 2005 London bombings.

The suicide bomber, Salman Ramadan Abedi, was a 22-year-old British citizen of Sunni Islam faith and was known to British security services. He was born in Manchester on 31 December 1994 to a family of refugees from Libya who had settled in south Manchester. The lone male was reported to have carried out the attack using an improvised explosive device in an act of a suicide attack.

The event took place just over two weeks before a general election in the United Kingdom. Both Prime Minister and Conservative leader Theresa May, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron quickly condemned the incident, expressed sympathy for the victims, and praised the response of emergency services.

Condolences were expressed by the leaders and governments of many countries: United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres, Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland, President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker, Pope Francis, and Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation Yousef Al-Othaimeen.

President Donald Trump condemned the attack and wrote on Twitter: "We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom." Trump also commented on the events whilst on a visit to Israel, calling the perpetrator(s) "evil losers."

A one-minute silence was observed at 11am on 25 May 2017.

Manchester Arena

The Manchester Arena is an indoor arena in Hunts Bank, Manchester, North West England. It is just north of the city centre, and is above Manchester Victoria station.

The arena has the most seats of any indoor venue in the United Kingdom, and second largest in the European Union with a capacity of 21,000. It hosts music and sporting events including boxing and swimming. The arena was a key part of Manchester's bids to host the Olympic Games in 1996 and 2000 and was eventually used for the 2002 Commonwealth Games.

On 22 May 2017, 22 people were killed by an Islamist suicide bomber at an Ariana Grande concert in the arena.


Nicky Hayden

Nicholas "Nicky" Patrick Hayden (July 30, 1981 – May 22, 2017), nicknamed The Kentucky Kid, was an American professional motorcycle racer who won the MotoGP World Championship in 2006. He was born in Owensboro, Kentucky. On September 3, 2009, it was confirmed that Hayden had signed a one-year extension of contract with Ducati for the 2010 MotoGP season, ending speculation of a move away from the team.

On May 17, 2017, Hayden was hit by a car while riding his bicycle near Rimini, Italy. Five days after the accident, Hayden died in the hospital in Cesena, Italy on May 22, 2017 at the age of 35.


Anna Halprin

Anna Dorothy Halprin (born Anna Schuman; July 13, 1920 – May 25, 2021) was an American dancer. She helped create the experimental art form known as postmodern dance and referred to herself as the breaker of modern dance. Born in Winnetka, Illinois she spent her entire career in San Francisco, California

Halprin, along with her contemporaries such as Trisha Brown, Simone Forti, Yvonne Rainer, John Cage, and Robert Morris, collaborated and built a community based around the ideas of post-modern dance. In the 1950s, she created the San Francisco Dancers’ Workshop to give artists like her a place to practice their art.

Halprin died on May 25, 2021 in San Francisco just two months before her 101st birthday.


Winnetka, Illinois

Winnetka () is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States, located 16 miles north of downtown Chicago. The population was 12,744 at the 2020 census. In 2015, Winnetka was ranked the richest municipality in Illinois and the second richest in the United States (behind Scarsdale, New York). The area is one of the most exclusive and wealthy suburbs in the nation.


David Scott

David Randolph "Dave" Scott (born June 6, 1932), (Col, USAF, Ret.), is an American former NASA astronaut, retired U.S. Air Force officer and former test pilot. He belonged to the third group of NASA astronauts, selected in October 1963. As an astronaut, Scott became the seventh person to walk on the Moon.

As an astronaut, Scott made his first flight into space as pilot of the Gemini 8 mission, along with Neil Armstrong, in March 1966, spending just under eleven hours in low Earth orbit. Scott then spent ten days in orbit as Command Module Pilot aboard Apollo 9, his second spaceflight, along with Commander James McDivitt and Lunar Module Pilot Rusty Schweickart. 

During this mission, Scott became the last American to fly solo in Earth orbit (not counting subsequent untethered EVAs). Scott made his third and final flight into space as commander of the Apollo 15 mission, the fourth human lunar landing, becoming the seventh person to walk on the Moon and the first person to drive on the Moon.


Elections in North Korea

Elections are held in North Korea. People can elect the representatives of their government, as well as the members of city councils, mayors and governors. Elections are held every 4-5 years. In North Korea, people are required to vote, and almost all people vote.

Sicilian Wikipedia

Sicilian Wikipedia is the Sicilian language edition of Wikipedia. It was created on 5th October 2004. As of April 2022, there are 26,201 articles written by registered users on this Wikipedia. This language is spoken in the Italian regions of Sicily Islands and Calabria.

North Luzon Expressway

The North Luzon Expressway, more commonly known by its abbreviation NLEx or NLEX, is a controlled-access highway in the Philippines. It connects the National Capital Region (or Metro Manila) to the provinces of the central part of Luzon, the main island in the country. Measuring 84 kilometers long, it starts at a cloverleaf-shaped interchange in Quezon City, where the controlled-access highway, the Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, and the Bonifacio Avenue meet. It then passes through the settlements of Caloocan and Valenzuela in the capital area and the provinces of Bulacan and Pampanga in Central Luzon. It ends at an exit in the settlement of Mabalacat and joins with the MacArthur Highway with the help of a road, continuing northward into the remaining part of Central Luzon and the Northern Luzon. The whole controlled-access highway has 4 to 8 lanes (with 2 to 4 lanes in each direction).

Quezon Avenue

Quezon Avenue is an important road in the area of Metro Manila in the Philippines. With 6 to 14 lanes (3 to 7 lanes for each direction), it measures 7.1 kilometers (4.4 miles) long. It starts at the ellipse-shaped Quezon Memorial Circle in Quezon City and ends at the circle-shaped Welcome Rotunda at the border between Quezon City and Manila, the capital of the Philippines. Along the way, it meets Epifanio de los Santos Avenue and Gregorio Araneta Avenue. It is considered by most drivers as one of the most comfortable roads of Quezon City.

Quezon Avenue is named after Manuel L. Quezon, the second president of the Philippines. It was formerly known as Don Mariano Marcos Avenue, after Mariano Marcos, the father of President Ferdinand Marcos. The road was built in the mid-1970s, during Marcos' time as the president of the country. Its name was changed to Quezon Avenue shortly after Marcos's presidency.

C. N. Annadurai

Conjeevaram Natarajan Annadurai was an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, South India from 1967 to 1969. He was the first member of a Dravidian Party to hold that chief minister post.

Annadurai was famous for his oration skills, dramas and literary works in Tamil. He was the first politician from the Dravidian parties to use Tamil cinema for political propaganda. Annadurai was born in a middle-class family. He first worked as a school teacher, then moved into the political field of the Madras Presidency as a journalist. He became a member of the Dravidar Kazhagam and a big follower of Periyar E. V. Ramasamy. But later Annadurai formed a new party named Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam due to differences between ideologies.

Various protests against the ruling Congress government took him to prison on several occasions; the last of which was during the Madras anti-Hindi agitation of 1965. The agitation itself helped Annadurai to gain popular support for his party. His party won a landslide victory in the 1967 state elections. He legalised Self-Respect marriages, enforced a two language policy and renamed Madras State to Tamil Nadu. However, he died of cancer just two years into office. His funeral had the highest attendance web

Madras Presidency

Madras Presidency was an administrative subdivision (presidency) of British India. At its greatest extent, the presidency included most of southern India, including the whole of the Indian states of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh and parts of Odisha, Kerala, Karnataka, Telangana, and the union territory of Lakshadweep. The city of Madras was the winter capital of the Presidency and Ootacamund or Ooty, the summer capital. The island of Ceylon was a part of Madras Presidency from 1793 to 1798 when it was created a Crown colony.

In the early decades of the 20th century, many significant contributors to the Indian independence movement came from Madras. After India got its independence Madras Prescidency became Madras State and later renamed as Tamil Nadu during C.N.Annadurai's reign as the chief minister.

In 1822, the Madras Presidency underwent its first census, which returned a population of 13,476,923.The last census of British India held in 1941 counted a population of 49,341,810 for the Madras Presidency.According to the 1871 census, there were 14,715,000 people who spoke Tamil, 11,610,000 people who spoke Telugu, 2,324,000 people who spoke Malayalam, 1,699,000 spoke Canarese or Kannada, 640,000 people spoke Oriya and 29,400 people spoke Tulu.

Zulfiqer Russell

Zulfiqer Russell () (born November 13, 1977) is the editor of Bangla Tribune and a lyricist of Bangladesh. He is a journalist by profession. He earned Citycell-Channel I Music Award in 2008, 2010 and 2013. He has received Mirchi Music Awards (Bangla) award for Best Modern Bengali song. This is the first time a Bangladeshi lyricist has won this awards. He received the award for the song, titled “Shabuj Chilo” which includes vocals by Nachiketa Chakraborty.

Zulfiqer Russell used to write for The Daily Ittefaq, The Daily Janakantha and many other publications from an early age. The words of a song by Mohammad Rafiquzzaman, from the movie Shuvoda, made him realise these words were not written by him. After a while, he started writing himself, but gradually realised that writing a song isn’t as easy as it sounds. Moni Zaman from the band Symphony, worked with his song for the very first time that was voiced by Tuhin. Interestingly enough, it was never released. As a lyricist actually began when working with Bappa Mazumder. 

Zulfiqer Russell is a professional journalist. Presently he is The Editor of popular news online Bangla Tribune. Previously he worked for Maasranga Television and Bangla newspapers Daily Amader Shomoy, Ajker Kagoj and Banglabazar Patrika. He is also extensively involved and earned reputation and popularity as a lyricist. He is also well known for his lyrics in West Bengal, India. Russell has written the official welcome song "O Prithibi Ebar Eshe Bangladesh Nao chiney" of ICC world cup cricket 2011 held in Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka. His movie "The Distant Sky" (আকাশ কত দূরে) was selected for national film grants by the Bangladeshi government in 2010. He has written more than 1000 songs since 1996. Many eminent and popular singers have sung songs written by him. Russell is also a poet. His first publication is 'Kofine Ojoggo Purush'.

His spouse Worda Ahmed is a fashion designer. They have a daughter, Parisa Russell.



Harris County, Texas

Harris County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 4,731,145 people lived there. The county seat is Houston. The county was founded in 1836.


Edwards County, Texas

Edwards County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 1,422 people lived there. The county seat is Rocksprings. It is named for Haden Edwards, an early settler of Nacogdoches, Texas.

Kerr County, Texas

Kerr County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 52,598 people lived there. The county seat is Kerrville. It is named for James Kerr, a congressman of the Republic of Texas.


Gonzales County, Texas

Gonzales County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 19,653 people lived there. The county seat is Gonzales. The county was made in 1836.


Burleson County, Texas

Burleson County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 17,642 people lived there. The county seat is Caldwell. The county is named for Edward Burleson, a general of the Texas Revolution.


Fayette County, Texas

Fayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 24,435 people lived there. The county seat is La Grange. The county was made in 1837.

Fayette County was created in 1837.


Stefano Farina

Stefano Farina (19 September 1962 – 23 May 2017) was an Italian football referee. He was born in Ovada, Italy.

Farina has refereed several high-profile matches in Serie A and the UEFA Champions League, including the 2006 UEFA Super Cup in Monaco. 

Farina officiated in qualifiers for the 2004 and 2008 European Championships, as well as preliminary matches for the 2002 and 2006 World Cups. He was known to have served as a FIFA referee during the period from 2001 to 2007.

He retired internationally in 2007 after reaching the mandatory retirement age of 45. 

Farina died suddenly in Genova, Italy on 23 May 2017 from a suspected heart attack, aged 54.

Moshe Gafni

Moshe Gafni, Hebrew: משה גפני‎ , (born May 5, 1952 in Bnei Brak) is an Israeli rabbi and politician of Yahadut HaTorah HaMeuhedet ("United Torah Judaism", shortened UTJ). He is political leader of Degel HaTorah ("Banner of the Torah"), one of the two branches of UTJ. He belongs to the Misnagdim movement of Haredi Judaism.

Before entering into politics Gafni was leading a kollel. 

He has been a Member of Knesset since 1988, with interruptions from 1992 to 1994 and from 1998 to 1999, due to rotations with Agudat Yisrael politicians of UTJ.

From 1990 to 1992 he was also deputy minister of religious affairs in the Fourth Shamir Government.


Kollel

A kollel or kolel (), is an educational institute for Judaism at a higher level, focused on study of Torah, Talmud and other rabbinical writings. It differs from a yeshiva because most students at a kollel are married; they also get an allowance.

Caixa Geral de Depósitos

The Caixa Geral Depositos is the largest public-sector bank in Portugal. It is owned by the Portuguese state. It was started in 1876.

Bohai Sea

The Bohai Sea () is a gulf on the northeast coast of China and it is west of the Korean Peninsula. It is a redundant place name, which mean that the words making up the place name has the same meaning, since "hăi" (海) as in "Bóhǎi" already means "sea" or "ocean". Some important port cities on the Bohai Sea coast include Tianjin, Qinhuangdao, and Dalian.

Redundant place name

A redundant place name is the name of a place in which the words that make up the name have the same meaning as each other. Since the words come from different languages, the connection between the two words may not be easily recognizable to the reader, especially if the reader only knows one language.





Isla Escudo de Veraguas

Isla Escudo de Veraguas (also: Escudo de Veraguas Island) is a small island about 18 kilometers off of the coast of Panama. There is not much information on the climate or history of the island, but the animals inhabiting the island are known, such as the pygmy three-toed sloth, or Derby's woolly opossum.

The climate of Escudo de Veraguas is undocumented, but the neighboring country of Panama has relatively warm temperatures, being around 70 to 90 degrees year-round.

The inhabitants of the island are different from the mainland species in the idea that they are smaller and more adapted to the island. Some examples:

Landesbank Baden

Landesbank Baden, short for Landesbank Baden-Wurttemberg (LBBW) is a full-service commercial bank and parent company of three commercial banks (SudwestLB, Landesgirokasse, and the commercial banking business of L-Bank) and the Landesbank for the Federal States Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony. As of 2017, it is Germany's biggest state-backed landesbank lender.

Landesbank Bayern

Landesbank Bayern or BayernLB, short for Bayerische Landesbank (Bavarian State Bank), is a publicly regulated bank based in Munich, Germany and one of the eight Landesbanken. It is 94% owned by the free state of Bavaria (indirectly via BayernLB Holding AG) and 6% owned by the "Sparkassenverband Bayern", the umbrella organization of Bavarian Sparkassen. With a balance of €416 billion and 19,200 employees (in the group; 5,170 in the bank itself), it is the eighth-largest financial institution in Germany.

Bradypus pygmaeus

Bradypus pygmaeus is a species of three toed sloth. It lives on the island of Escudo de Veraguas. It is listed as critically endangered on IUCN's Red List, due to its location range being less than 5 square kilometers and because of deforestation of the mangroves in which they live. The pygmy three toed sloth is not prey to any natural predator, as it lives on an isolated island where there aren't many other animals.

Pygmy three toed sloths eat the leaves from various trees.

The fur of the pygmy three toed sloth is covered with algae. The algae is camouflage. They have long arms and curved claws that help them hold onto the trees. They have a slow metabolic rate that allows them to digest one leaf in up to a month.

Hettlingen

Hettlingen is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Kenny Cordray

Kenneth Cordray (July 21, 1954 – May 21, 2017) was an American instrumental guitarist and songwriter. He shared the stage with notable musicians and performers such as John Mayall, John Lee Hooker, and Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top. Cordray became the lead guitarist for "THE CHILDREN" under the ATCO label and later on ODE records produced by Lou Adler. He co-wrote the song ""Francine"," which peaked at 69 on the Billboard Hot 100, with Steve Perron for ZZ Top's album ""Rio Grande Mud"."

Cordray was shot and killed by his son on May 21, 2017 in Nassau Bay, Texas at the age of 62.

Mickey Roker

Granville William "Mickey" Roker (September 3, 1932 – May 22, 2017) was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Miami, Florida. In 1992, he replaced Connie Kay in the Modern Jazz Quartet. He played with Jimmy Oliver, Jimmy Heath, Jimmy Divine, King James and Sam Reed before moving to New York in 1959.

Roker died on May 22, 2017 from lung cancer in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the age of 84.


William Carney

William Carney (July 1, 1942 – May 23, 2017) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 1st congressional district from 1979 through 1987. Carney was a member of the Conservative Party of New York and later the Republican Party. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Carney died on May 23, 2017 in Washington, D.C. from prostate cancer at the age of 74.

Jerry Perenchio

Arnold Jerrold "Jerry" Perenchio (December 20, 1930 – May 23, 2017) was an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. He was at one time the chairman and chief executive officer of Univision from 1992 through 2007. He was born in Fresno, California.

Perenchio died of lung cancer at his Los Angeles, California home on May 23, 2017 at the age of 86.


Kaoru Yosano

Yosano was a member of Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), the Sunrise Party of Japan and former member of the House of Representatives, serving his ninth term in the Lower House representing Tokyo's first electoral district until his defeat in the Japanese general election, 2009. Yosano was Chief Cabinet Secretary to Prime Minister Shinzō Abe from August 2007 to September 2007 and was State Minister in charge of Economic and Fiscal Policy in Tarō Asō's administration from February to September 2009.

Yosano died of pneumonia on May 23, 2017 in Tokyo at the age of 77.

Noel Kinsey

Noel Kinsey (24 December 1925 – 24 May 2017) was a Welsh international footballer. He played as an inside right. He won seven international caps and scored 111 goals in 444 league games in a 14-year career in the Football League.

Individual

Birmingham City

Port Vale

Pierre Seron

Pierre Seron (9 February 1942 – 24 May 2017) was a Belgian comic book artist. He was born in Chênée, Belgium. He was known for his works in the series "Les Petits Hommes" ("The Little Men"), initially in collaboration with journalist Albert Despréchins, began serial publication in "Spirou" magazine on 7 September 1967, a run continuing into 2004.

Seron died on 24 May 2017 in Nîmes, France at the age of 75.


William S. Sessions

William Steele Sessions (May 27, 1930 – June 12, 2020) an American politician and lawyer. He served as a federal judge and Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1987 through 1993 after being nominated by President Ronald Reagan. He served as FBI director until he was fired by President Bill Clinton.

Sessions was appointed by President Reagan as a Commissioner of the Martin Luther King, Jr., Federal Holiday Commission, and was a Delegate for the Americas to the Executive Committee of ICPO-Interpol. 

He was also a member of the Constitution Project's bipartisan Liberty and Security Committee.

Sessions died on June 12, 2020, in San Antonio, Texas from heart failure-related problems at the age of 90.


Hinwil

Hinwil is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Zurich. It is the capital of the district of Hinwil.

Altenach

Altenach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Altkirch

Altkirch is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region. Its name comes from the German "Alte Kirche" ("old church").

Altkirch is in the south of the Haut-Rhin department. The Ill river, a left tributary of the Rhine river, flows through the "commune".

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Altkirch to other cities are:

The "commune" of Altkirch is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Altkirch, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Altkirch are known, in French, as "Altkirchois" (women: "Altkirchoises").

With a population of 5,738, Altkirch has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Altkirch

Altkirch is a subprefecture in the Haut-Rhin department since 1800. It is the capital of the Altkirch "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Altkirch formed by 64 "communes", with 47,552 inhabitants (2014).

Altkirch is twinned with:



Ammerschwihr

Ammerschwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France. In 2014, 1,784 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Ammerschwihriens".

Ammerzwiller

Ammertzwiller or Ammerzwiller is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune Bernwiller.

Andolsheim

Andolsheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Appenwihr

Appenwihr is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Solanum quitoense

Solanum quitoense, also known as naranjilla 

It appears to be similar to an orange at first glance, however the inner fruit is quite different, with a ring of blue seeds surrounding a cluster of orange seeds.

Landesbank Helaba

Landesbank Helaba, short for Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen, is a commercial bank with core regions in Hesse and Thuringia, Germany offering financial services to companies, banks, institutional investors and the public sector, both within Germany and internationally. At the same time, it is the central clearing institution and service provider for 40 percent of German savings banks. Helaba is an institution incorporated under public law. With approximately 6,300 employees and two headquarters in Frankfurt and Erfurt, the bank maintains branches in Düsseldorf and Kassel as well as offices in Berlin, Stuttgart, Munich and Muenster. On an international level, Helaba acts through branches and representative offices in Paris, London, New York, Madrid, Moscow, Shanghai, and Singapore. Frankfurter Sparkasse, the leading retail bank in the Rhine-Main region, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Helaba. The Helaba Group also comprises the online bank 1822direkt, LBS Hessen-Thüringen and WIBank. The latter implements development programmes of the State of Hesse. Further Helaba subsidiaries are Helaba Invest Kapitalanlagegesellschaft, Frankfurter Bankgesellschaft and the OFB Group (Real estate development).

Richard Montgomery

Richard Montgomery (December 2, 1738 - December 31, 1775) was a general in the American war for independence.

Rosa Fontana

Rosa Fontana – born as Rosa Engracia Sevilla Plo on January 21, 1938 – is a Spanish actress, who had roles in movies and TV series, and also worked in theatre.
Rosa is a daughter of poet Avelino Sevilla Hernández and his wife. Rosa was married to Rafael Rivelles and Carlos Manuel Lemos. Carlos and Rosa's daughter is actress Esperanza Lemos.

Hirzel

Hirzel was a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Hirzel merged into the municipality of Horgen.

Hittnau

Hittnau is a municipality of the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Ali Tanrıyar

Ali Tanrıyar (14 March 1914 – 25 May 2017) was a Turkish politician. He served as Minister of Interior of Turkey from December 13, 1983 through October 26, 1984. He also served as President of the Galatasaray S.K. from March 15, 1986 through March 17, 1990. He was a member of the Motherland Party.

Tanrıyar was born in Eleftheroupoli, Greece to Turkish parents. He studied at Istanbul University. He was the brother-in-law of former President and Prime Minister Turgut Özal. Tanrıyar died on 25 May 2017 in Istanbul at the age of 103.


Charles Walker (Fijian politician)

Charles Walker (born 12 June 1928) is a retired Fijian civil servant and Alliance Party politician and former diplomat. He was born in the village of Sawana in the Lomaloma district on Vanua Balavu island in the Lau Archipelago.

Walker was a Member of Parliament and Cabinet Minister from 1977 through 1987. served as Ambassador to the Empire of Japan, Republic of South Korea & The People's Republic of China from 1988 through 1993.

Eva Estrada Kalaw

Eva Estrada Kalaw (June 16, 1920 – May 25, 2017) was a Filipino politician and professor. She served as a Senator in the Senate of the Philippines from 1965 through 1972. She was elected senator in 1965 under the Nacionalista Party. She was serving in Senate during the presidency of Ferdinand Marcos, she was part of a major transformation in Philippine domestic and foreign policies. 

Kalaw was a candidate for President of the Philippines in 1986 and again in 1992.

Kalaw was born in Murcia, Tarlac, Philippine Islands. She studied at the University of the Philippines. Kalaw died on May 25, 2017 at a hospital in Manila at the age of 96.


Chełmno extermination camp

Chełmno extermination camp () was the first extermination camp (death camp) opened by Nazi Germany. It was 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of the city of Łódź, Poland. In 1939, Nazi Germany had invaded Poland, and had annexed (took control of) parts of Poland.

The Nazis built Chełmno with the specific goal of carrying out ethnic cleansing through mass murder. The Nazis kept Chełmno open from , as part of Operation Reinhard during the most deadly phase of the Holocaust, and again from to during the Soviet counter-offensive.

The Nazis murdered over 150,000 people at Chełmno, including many Polish Jews from the Łódź Ghetto and the local people who lived in "Reichsgau Wartheland" ("Warthegau").

The Nazis killed at least 152,000 people at Chełmno. Nazi officials were eventually charged with killing at least 180,000 victims.

The Kulmhof Museum of Martyrdom says that around 200,000 people were killed at Chełmno.

Most of the people killed at Chełmno were:

The Nazis killed these victims using gas vans. They forced the victims into large vans, and then pumped carbon monoxide into the vans to suffocate and kill the victims.

Early on, the Nazis experimented at Chełmno. They developed methods which they used later during The Holocaust in Nazi-controlled Poland.

Russian soldiers captured the town of Chełmno on . By then, the Nazis had already destroyed evidence that the Chełmno camp ever existed. They left no prisoners behind. One of the camp's survivors, who was fifteen years old at the time, said that only three Jewish males had escaped successfully from Chełmno.

In 1961, the three best-known survivors testified about Chełmno at Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem. In 1962-1965, two survivors also testified at trials held in West Germany against people who worked at the camp.

Euclidean distance

In Euclidean geometry, the Euclidean distance is the usual distance between two points "p" and "q". This distance is measured as a line segment. The Pythagorean theorem can be used to calculate this distance. 

In the Euclidean plane, if p = ("p", "p") and q = ("q", "q") then the distance is given by

This is equivalent to the Pythagorean theorem, where legs are differences between respective coordinates of the points, and hypotenuse is the distance.

Alternatively, if the polar coordinates of the point p are ("r", θ) and those of q are ("r", θ), then the distance between the points is


Zehava Gal-On

Zehava Gal-On, Hebrew: זהבה גלאון , born as "Zehava Schnipitzky", (born January 4, 1956 in Vilnius) is an Israeli activist and politician. She is political leader of Meretz ("Vigour"). She has been leading Meretz since 2012.

She was born in the capital of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic. As a young child she moved with her parents to Israel, where she grew up for the greater part in Petah Tikva. She studied philology and special education, and mastered at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Gal-On is engaged in all sorts of rights activism, like civil and human rights but also women's rights and social justice. She held leading positions in newspaper Politika, in B'Tselem (a human rights organization concerning Israel's behaviour in the Palestinian territories) and Ratz (a forerunner of Meretz).

In 1999 she was chosen into the Knesset. She lost her seat in 2009 but returned in 2011. She left the Knesset in October 2017.

As a Member of Knesset she was chairing the parliamentarian committee with regard to women trafficking, and criticized the Law of Return for being discriminatory.


Nawele

Nawele was High Chief of Oahu (a Hawaiian island). His name is pronounced in Hawaiian language as "Nah-weh-leh".
Nawele was born on the island of Oʻahu as a son of Chief Kahokupohakano and his wife, Kaumana II. This means that Nawele's grandfather was High Chief Elepuukahonua. After the death of Elepuʻukahonua, an unknown person ruled over Oʻahu. After the death of that man, Nawele became a High Chief.

The wife of Nawele was called Kalanimoeikawaikai. Their son was High Chief Lakona of Oahu. Nawele died on Oʻahu.

Procter &amp; Gamble

Procter & Gamble (P&G) is an American corporation. The company is in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio. It was founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble. It mostly has a wide range of cleaning products and hygienic products.

Before selling Pringles to Kellogg's, P&G's products also included food and drink.

Products produced by P&G include Crest, Ivory soaps, Tide laundry detergent and Prell shampoo. In the 1880s, they created Ivory soap, a product that floats in water.

In April 1985, the moon & stars symbol was removed from its packaging, because its stars resembled "666", the Satan symbol.

In January 2005, P&G announced they were buying Gillette, a company known for making razors and razor blades for shaving. P&G used to make Duracell batteries. The company makes Braun products and Oral-B toothbrushes.

P&G got out of the food business in 2012 when they sold Pringles to the Kellogg's food company. P&G had also sold Jif peanut butter, Crisco shortening and Folgers' coffee.

Procter and Gamble produced and sponsored the first serial dramas during the 1930s. Because of P&G being known for detergents, these serial dramas started being called soap operas. With television in the 1950s and 1960s, soap operas, such as "Guiding Light", went from the radio to CBS television. The last P&G produced show, "As the World Turns", left television in 2010. The only soap opera partially produced by P&G remaining on air is "The Young and the Restless" on CBS. From May 1964 to June 1999, P&G produced and sponsored "Another World" on the NBC network.

Jared Martin

Jared Christopher Martin (December 21, 1941 – May 24, 2017) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known for his role as Steven "Dusty" Farlow in the 1978 series "Dallas" and for roles on two science fiction TV shows, "The Fantastic Journey" and "War of the Worlds". He was born in Manhattan, New York.

Martin died on May 24, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from pancreatic cancer at the age of 75.


Ezekiel Anisi

Ezekiel Anisi (1 September 1988 – 24 May 2017) was a Papua New Guinean politician. He was a member of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea from August until October 2012, when he was unseated by the National Court, and from a December 2013 by-election until his death, representing the electorate of Ambunti-Dreikikir Open in East Sepik Province. He was the youngest MP in Papua New Guinea.

Anisi died on 24 May 2017 from possible cardiac arrest at a guesthouse in Port Moresby only weeks before the 2017 general election, aged 28.

Juliana Koo

Juliana Koo (formerly Young; née Yen; September 26, 1905 – May 24, 2017) was a Chinese-American diplomat. She served as first head of the United Nations Protocol Department. She was a supercentenarian and after emigrating to the United States, she became the third wife of diplomat and politician Wellington Koo.

Koo died on May 24, 2017 in New York City, aged 111.

Denis Johnson

Denis Hale Johnson (July 1, 1949 – May 24, 2017) was an American writer. He was born in Munich, Germany. Johnson best known for his short story collection "Jesus' Son" (1992) and his novel "Tree of Smoke" (2007), which won the National Book Award for Fiction. He also wrote plays, poetry and non-fiction.

Johnson died at his home on May 24, 2017 in Gualala, California from liver cancer at the age of 67.



Laura Biagiotti

Laura Biagiotti (; August 4, 1943 – May 26, 2017) was an Italian fashion designer. She was born in Rome, Italy. She had her first fashion show in 1972. The House of Biagiotti (based on Via dei Condotti in Rome) is now listed among the largest fashion houses in Italy with an expansion of products including accessories and watches. She moved to Beijing for some time and was the first Italian designer to present a collection in China, in April 1988.

Biagiotti died on May 26, 2017 in Rome from complications of a heart attack at the age of 73.

Marga Minco

Marga Minco (pseudonym of Sara Menco, 31 March 1920 – July 10, 2023) was a Dutch journalist and writer. Her real surname was Menco, but an official accidentally switched the first vowel. She was born in Ginneken to an Orthodox Jewish family. In 1957 Minco published her first book, "" ("The bitter herb"). The title of a later book was "Een leeg huis" ("A empty house").


Rose quartz

Rose quartz is a translucent pink to rose-red variety of quartz. It is rarely found as a crystal and is far more common in massive form. 

Among gemstones, rose quartz is considered a semiprecious stone that may be used in jewelry. Rose quartz stones that are nearly transparent are sometimes cut to make flat surfaces called facets, to better reflect light. Rose quartz is also popular in the new age community for perceived metaphysical properties.

Anaphrodisiac

An anaphrodisiac is something that makes the one who uses it less aroused. This can be a medicine, a food or a procedure. It is sometimes used to treat hypersexuals. It is also used for an animal that is in heat. Pills that lower the libido are sometimes called "antaphrodisiacs".

Lakona of Oahu

Lakona was High Chief of Oahu, a Hawaiian island.
Lakona was born on Oʻahu around 1340. He was the son of High Chief Nawele and his wife, Kalanimoeikawaikai. Because of his father, Lakona is also known as Lakona-a-Nawele, which means "Lakona, son of Nawele". After the death of his father, Lakona became the ruler of his island. He ruled together with his female cousin, Maelo.

The wife of Lakona was called Alaʻikauakoko, who is also known as Kanakoko. They had a son, Kapaealakona, who succeeded Lakona after Lakona's death.

Ayman Odeh

Ayman Odeh (, , born January 1, 1975 in Haifa) is an Israeli lawyer and politician. He is political leader both of Hadash ("New") and HaReshima HaMeshutefet / al-Qa'imah al-Mushtarakah ("The Joint List").

Ayman Odeh was born in the year 1975. He was raised in the city of Haifa which is located within the neighbourhood of Kababir. His father was a construction worker. Even though their family was Muslim but his father sent him to a Christian school.

Ayman Odeh studied law at the University of Craiova located in Romania from 1993 to 1997. When he was studying in Romania then he took part in pro-Palestinian rallies. He also learned Romanian language and read the memoirs of various political thinkers and revolutionaries.

Odeh is an Arab Israeli and a former Muslim. He believes in socialism. He is in favour of Arab and Jewish Israelis collaborating, and is supporting Mizrahi Israelis, who in his opinion are neglected for Israeli Jews coming from the Western world. He also advocates weaponless Palestinian actions to reach its goals.

He started his political career in 1998 by becoming a councillor of Haifa on behalf of Hadash. This lasted till 2005. Next year he became secretary-general.

After several failing attempts to become a Member of Knesset in 2009 and 2013, Odeh has eventually succeeded in 2015. The very same year he had become political leader of Hadash and of The Joint List (last one is a cooperation of the four mainly Arab parties in parliament).


Kapaealakona

Kapae-a-Lakona — also spelled Kapea-a-Lakona — was High Chief of Oahu in ancient Hawaii.
He was a son of High Chief Lakona of Oʻahu and his wife, Chiefess Alaʻikauakoko — daughter of a man named Pokai and his wife Hineuki. After his father's death, Kapae became the Chief of Oʻahu. Kapae married a woman named Wehina, whose parents are not known today. Wehina and Kapae's only known child was Chief Haka of Oahu.

Samsu-iluna

Samsu-iluna ruled Babylon from 1750 BC to 1712 BC. He was the son of Hammurabi, the conqueror of Mesopotamia. He became King after the death of his father in 1750 BC.

Sexbot

A sexbot is a robot that could be used for sexual intercourse. Sexbots do not exist yet, but they may exist in the future. It could be useful for people who are disabled or extremely shy. It has been predicted by some sociologists that sexbots will be used by TFLers (True Forced Loners) and people suffering from inceldom. Some analysts say that sexbots exist because young men outnumber young women in the dating scene.

Hochfelden, Switzerland

Hochfelden is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Flag of Louisiana

The flag of the US state of Louisiana features the image of a white pelican and her young in a nest on an azure field.<br>

Below the nest on a white banner is the Louisiana state motto in capital letters: "UNION CONFIDENCE JUSTICE"

Alistair Horne

Sir Alistair Allan Horne CBE FRSL (9 November 1925 – 25 May 2017) was a British journalist, biographer and historian of Europe, especially of 19th and 20th century France. He wrote more than 20 books on travel, history, and biography.

Horne worked as a foreign correspondent for "The Daily Telegraph" from 1952 to 1955. He was the official biographer of British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan

Horne died on 25 May 2017 at his Oxfordshire, England home at the age of 91.


Tom Daschle

Thomas Andrew Daschle (born December 9, 1947) is a policy advisor, lobbyist, former U.S. Senator from South Dakota, and former U.S. Senate Majority Leader. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Daschle was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1978 and served four terms. In 1986, he was elected to the Senate, becoming minority leader in 1994. Defeated for re-election in 2004, he took a position as a policy advisor with a lobbying firm, and also became a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress. He co-authored a book supporting universal health care.

Daschle was an early supporter to Barack Obama's presidential candidacy, and was nominated by then President-elect Obama for the position of Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services after the 2008 election. However, Daschle withdrew his name on February 3, 2009, amid a growing controversy over his failure to report and pay income taxes accurately. 

Daschle is currently working for The Daschle Group, a Public Policy Advisory of Baker Donelson, a large law firm and lobbying group.

Leo Varadkar

Leo Eric Varadkar ( ; born 18 January 1979) is an Irish politician and physician. He has been the Taoiseach since 2022, previously serving in the role from 2017 to 2020. He was the Minister for Defence from 2017 to 2020. From 2020 to 2022, he was the Tánaiste.

He is the Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017 replacing Enda Kenny. He has served as Minister for Social Protection since May 2016. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 2007 for the Dublin West constituency.

In 2004 he was co-opted onto Fingal County Council and served as deputy mayor before his election to Dáil Éireann. He was promoted to the Front Bench by Enda Kenny as Spokesperson on Enterprise, Trade and Employment, remaining in this position until a 2010 reshuffle when he became Spokesperson on Communications, Energy and Natural Resources.

After the formation of the Coalition Government in March 2011, he was appointed Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport. A cabinet reshuffle in July 2014 saw Varadkar appointed to the position of Minister for Health. During his tenure he became the first openly gay Irish government minister. 

Following the formation of a Fine Gael minority government in May 2016, he was appointed Minister for Social Protection.

After the resignation of Enda Kenny as Leader of Fine Gael in May 2017, Varadkar announced his candidacy for party leader. He faced Minister for Housing Simon Coveney in the Fine Gael leadership election. He won the election on 2 June 2017.

On 14 June, he was nominated as Taoiseach by Dáil Éireann and this nomination was approved by the President of Ireland. Varadkar became Ireland's first openly gay Taoiseach, as well as the youngest and the first of half-Indian descent.

On 26 June 2020, it was announced that Fine Gael, Fianna Fáil and the Green Party had agreed to form a coalition government, marking the first time the two main Irish parties had formed a government together. As part of the agreement, Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin held the office of Taoiseach until December 2022, while Varadkar took the position of Tánaiste. The pair then swapped roles after roughly two and a half years, with Varadkar retaking the position of Taoiseach for the remainder of the coalition's term. Martin was elected Taoiseach by the Dáil on 27 June.

On 17 December 2022, Varadkar was appointed as Taoiseach for a second time, following Micheál Martin's resignation to President Michael D. Higgins.

On 13 April 2023, Varadkar met with U.S. President Joe Biden at Farmleigh House during his four-day visit to the island of Ireland.

On 6 May 2023, Varadkar, along with President Michael D. Higgins, attended the Coronation of Charles III and Queen Camilla, marking the first time a serving taoiseach attended the coronation of a British monarch.

Varadkar is openly gay. He is first openly gay cabinet member in Ireland.

His partner is Matthew Barrett.


Toni Bertorelli

Toni Bertorelli (18 March 1948 – 26 May 2017) was an Italian movie and television actor. He performed in over sixty movies from 1971 through 2016. He was born in Barge, Piedmont. His roles in "Death of a Neapolitan Mathematician" and Marco Tullio Giordana's "Who Killed Pasolini?" made his popular in Italy. He was known for his role as Annas ben Seth in Mel Gibson's 2004 movie "The Passion of the Christ". 

From 2016 until his death, Bertorelli played the role as Cardinal Caltanissetta in the 2016 television series "The Young Pope" alongside Jude Law and James Cromwell.

Bertorelli died at a hospital in Rome, Italy from complications of pancreatic cancer at the age of 69.

Sulaymaniyah

Sulaymaniyah ( Silêmanî; , "as-Sulaymāniyyah"), also called Slemani, is a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. Sulaymaniyah is surrounded by the Azmer Range, Goyija Range and the Qaiwan Range in the northeast, Baranan Mountain in the south and the Tasluja Hills in the west. The city has a semi-arid climate with very hot, dry summers and cool, wet winters. Sulaymaniyah served as the capital of the historic Kurdish principality of Baban from 1784 to 1850.

The modern city of Sulaymaniyah was founded on 14 November 1784 by the Kurdish prince Ibrahim Pasha Baban who named it after his father Sulaiman Pasha.

From its foundation Sulaymaniyah has been a center of great poets, writers, historians, politicians, scholars and singers, such as Nalî, Mahwi, and Piramerd.

Uri Avnery

Uri Avnery (, also transliterated Uri Avneri, 10 September 1923 – 20 August 2018) was an Israeli writer and founder of the Gush Shalom peace movement.

Avnery was born as "Helmut Ostermann" in Beckum, Germany.

Avnery was a member of the Irgun as a teenager, he sat in the Knesset from 1965 to 1974 and from 1979 to 1981. He was also the owner of "HaOlam HaZeh", an Israeli news magazine, from 1950 until it closed in 1993.

He was famous for crossing the lines during the Siege of Beirut to meet Yassir Arafat on 3 July 1982, the first time the Palestinian leader ever met with an Israeli. Avnery is the author of several books about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including "1948: A Soldier’s Tale, the Bloody Road to Jerusalem" (2008); "Israel’s Vicious Circle" (2008); and "My Friend, the Enemy" (1986).

On 4 August 2018, Avnery suffered a stroke and was hospitalized in Tel Aviv in a critical condition. He died on 20 August 2018 at the age of 94.


Rance Howard

Rance Howard (Harold Rance Beckenholdt; November 17, 1928 – November 25, 2017) was an American actor. He acted in movies and on television. He was the father of actor and filmmaker Ron Howard and actor Clint Howard. He was the grandfather of the actress Bryce Dallas Howard.

Howard was born in Duncan, Oklahoma. He studied at the University of Oklahoma. He changed his name to "Rance Howard" when he became an actor. 

Howard's career began in 1956. He appeared in many movies such as "Cool Hand Luke" (1967), "Chinatown" (1974), "Ed Wood" (1994), "Independence Day" (1996), "A Beautiful Mind" (2001), "Cinderella Man" (2005), "Frost/Nixon" (2008), and in "The Lone Ranger" (2013).

Howard was married to Jean Speegle from 1949 until her death in 2000. In 2001, he married Judy Howard. She died in January 2017.

Howard died on November 25, 2017 in Los Angeles, California of heart failure complicated by the West Nile virus at the age of 89.


Henry Tilney

Henry Tilney is the most important man in the story by Jane Austen called Northanger Abbey.

Henry is said to be the nicest of all Jane Austen's church men (pastors). He is a good dancer and a good driver. He also talks in an amusing way.

Henry meets Catherine Morland at a dance, and they get on well. He laughs at her in a kind way. He is a guide for Catherine, and comes to love her for her honesty.

Henry's father thinks Catherine is rich. So he invites her to the family home at Northanger Abbey. Henry goes on looking after Catherine there, and they grow close. Then his father orders Catherine out of his house, as he now thinks she is poor.

Henry stands up to his father. He goes to Catherine's home, and asks her to marry him. They have to wait, but at last the father lets them marry.


Chyler Leigh

Chyler Leigh West (pronounced ; "née" Potts; born April 10, 1982), known professionally as Chyler Leigh, is an American actress, singer and model, best known for her portrayals of Janey Briggs in "Not Another Teen Movie" and Dr. Lexie Grey in the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy". In October, 2015, she began starring in the CBS/CW show "Supergirl" as Alexandra "Alex" Danvers.

In eighth grade, Leigh started modeling. She soon began acting by appearing in local television commercials and a syndicated teen news show called "Hall Pass". In 1999, Leigh and her mother relocated to Los Angeles in order for Leigh to develop a career in acting.

Leigh started acting at an early age and debuted in the film world at age 15 in 1997's "Kickboxing Academy". She started hosting in local TV shows and modeling; in 2001, Leigh nabbed the lead role in the box-office success "Not Another Teen Movie" as Janey Briggs. She also appeared in Marilyn Manson's music video "Tainted Love", a song which appeared in the film. She was ranked #65 on the Maxim Hot 100 Women of 2002. In 2002, Leigh was cast in two short-lived TV series: "Girls Club", in which she played lawyer Sarah Mickle, and "That '80s Show", in which she played punk rocker June Tuesday. She then became a series regular on the ABC legal drama "The Practice". Following that, she joined the cast of "Reunion" in September, 2005.

In ABC's "Grey's Anatomy", Leigh first appeared as a woman in Joe's bar who was noticed by Derek Shepherd while in the third-season finale, it was revealed that she was Lexie Grey. She was made an official series regular for season four, and remained so until the eighth-season finale.

Chyler Leigh also makes music with her husband Nathan West (East of Eli), under the name "WestLeigh". They have performed covers and originals songs. In 2015, for their thirteenth anniversary they wrote "Love Lit The Sky". On Saint Valentine's Day 2017 they released a single "Nowhere" and then she take part in tours.

In October, 2015, she began starring in the CBS/CW show "Supergirl" as Alexandra "Alex" Danvers.

On July 20, 2002, Leigh married fellow actor Nathan West. The couple worked together in 2000 on the television series "7th Heaven", playing Mary Camden's (Jessica Biel) troubled friends Frankie and Johnnie. Leigh and West have three children – a son and two daughters: Noah Wilde (born December 2003), Taelyn Leigh (born September 2006), and Anniston Kae (born May 7, 2009).

Leigh has said that she and her husband have a pact in which the person who guesses the baby's sex correctly gets to choose the name. When pregnant with Noah, she guessed she was having a boy so she chose the first name and Nathan gave him his middle name. For Taelyn, Nathan correctly guessed it was a girl, so he named her. Their third child, also a girl, was guessed correctly by West; he chose the name Anniston Kae.

Leigh is a Christian and credits her faith and a "really awesome church" with giving her and her husband "a reason to live." She also supports The Thirst Project, a non-profit organization in America which aims to bring safe drinking water to communities around the world.

Leigh is best friends with actress and co-star Melissa Benoist and Chyler Leigh's kids call Melissa Benoist "aunt Melissa".


Haka of Oahu

Haka (Hawaiian pronunciation: "Hah-kah") was High Chief of the island of Oahu, in ancient Hawaii.
Chief Haka was born on Oʻahu to High Chief Kapae-a-Lakona and his wife Wehina. He was a member of the House of Maweke of Tahiti. Haka was married to Kapunawahine. Their son was Kapiko-a-Haka. Kapiko-a-Haka married Ulakiokalani, and they had three daughters: Ka’auiokalani, Kaʻulala and Kamili.

Haka was killed and was succeeded by his relative Maʻilikākahi.

Neonatal progeroid syndrome

Neonatal progeroid syndrome, also known as Wiedemann-Rautenstrauch syndrome is an autosomal recessive progeroid syndrome. Is characterized by low birth weight and old-born baby appearance, with rare hair, elongated nose, unexplained cranial stitches, a characteristic facial dysmorphia associated with fat loss, and mild mental retardation. The disease results from damage to the FBN1 gene.

There have been over 51 cases of NPS. Rarely do they reach adulthood. The average life expectancy is 7 months. The syndrome was first described in 1979 by Hans-Rudolf Wiedemann, who previously described two cases of the disease: one in 1966 and another in 1977. Thomas Rautenstrauch in 1977 recognized the syndrome of two siblings as Progeria.

It is associated with abnormalities in bone maturation, lipid and metabolism. It iss very rare - less than 1 in million births.


Christian eschatology

Eschatology is a branch of Christian theology. At large Eschathology consists on a series of studies on the Ultimate Destiny of Humanity and the Human Soul as it is written in the Holy Bible.

Eschatology is concerned with the final events in history and it's most relevant studies are about Death, Life after Death, Resurrection of the Dead and the Final Judgement.

Etymology: The word Eschatology arises from two Greek notions (eschatos) meaning "last" and (logy) meaning "the a study of", and was first used in English around 1844.

Hofstetten bei Elgg

Hofstetten bei Elgg or Hofstetten was a municipality of the district Winterthur in the canton of Zurich, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Hofstetten bei Elgg merged into the municipality of Elgg.


Hombrechtikon

Hombrechtikon is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Horgen

Horgen is a city in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is capital of the district of Horgen.

It is one of the larger towns along the south bank of the Lake Zurich.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Hirzel merged into the municipality of Horgen.

Dorf, Arn, Horgenberg, Käpfnach, Oberdorf, Sihlbrugg Station, Sihlwald, Tannenbach, Waldegg and Horgen

It is also the type-site of Switzerland's middle Neolithic archaeological culture. The settlement there, the so-called "Horgner Kultur" (Horgen culture), produced examples of a type of crude pottery with parallels to the Seine-Oise-Marne culture of northern France.


August Ferdinand Möbius

August Ferdinand Möbius (17 November 1790 - 26 September 1868) was a German astronomer and mathematician, who taught at the University of Leipzig. He wrote several articles on geometry and astronomy. He introduced concepts such as homogeneous coordinates, or that of Duality in Projective Geometry. He is also seen as one of the fathers of topology, in which his most famous creation is the Möbius strip.

Saint-Jean-d'Angély

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.

The commune has its historical origins in the Abbey of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is in the northeast of the Charente-Maritime department, in the old province of Saintonge, along the Boutonne river, a tributary of the Charente river.

The "commune" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Angériens" (women: "Angériennes").

With a population of 7,123, Saint-Jean-d'Angély has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Jean-d'Angély

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is a subprefecture of the Charente-Maritime department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély and the administrative centre () of the canton of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.

It is part of the intercommunality "Vals de Saintonge" ().

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is twinned with:



Sai Dhansika

Dhanshika is an Indian actress in Tamil movies. Her notable movies include "Peranmai" (2009), "Aravaan" (2012), "Paradesi" (2013), and "Kabali" (2016).

Jamal Zahalka

Jamal Zahalka, Arab: جمال زحالقة , Hebrew: ג'מאל זחאלקה , (born January 11, 1955 in Kafr Qara) is an Israeli pharmacist and politician. He was political leader of Balad.

Zahalka is an Arab Israeli. He obtained several degrees in pharmacy at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, including a PhD.

He was a Member of Knesset from 2003 to 2019. He was also leading the Balad party from 2007 till 2019, due to the flight of Azmi Bishara abroad. From 2015 to 2019 he was a Joint List politician.

Zahalka compares Israeli's policy towards the Palestinian territories with the former apartheid system of South Africa.


Höri

Höri is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Humlikon

Humlikon is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Hüntwangen

Hüntwangen is a municipality of the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Hütten, Switzerland

Hütten was a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Hütten and Schönenberg merged into the municipality of Wädenswil.


Hüttikon

Hüttikon is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Illnau-Effretikon

Illnau-Effretikon is a municipality in Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. About 16,000 people live there.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Kyburg merged into the municipality of Illnau-Effretikon.

Illnau, Effretikon, Kyburg, Ottikon bei Kemptthal, Bisikon, Agasul, Bietenholz, Bilikon, First, Horben, Kemleten, Luckhausen, Mesikon and Oberkempttal.



Kappel am Albis

Kappel am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Boutonne

The Boutonne is a river of western France that flows through the Deux-Sèvres and Charente-Maritime departments, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is a right tributary of the Charente river.

The Boutonne has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Saint-Séverin-sur-Boutonne in the Charente-Maritime department, at an altitude of .

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Saint-Séverin-sur-Boutonne (1969-2017)
The Boutonne starts in the southeast of the Deux-Sèvres department, in the "commune" of Chef-Boutonne (that is, "Head of the Boutonne"), at an elevation of about .

It flows to the west and, later, to the southwest through the Deux-Sèvres and Charente-Maritime departments before flowing, at almost right angle, into the Charente river in Cabariot at about of altitude.
The Boutonne flows through 1 region (Nouvelle-Aquitaine), 2 departments and 41 "communes"; they are, from source to mouth:


Seven "communes" have the name of the river in their names: Chef-Boutonne, Saint-Séverin-sur-Boutonne, Dampierre-sur-Boutonne, Tonnay-Boutonne, Blanzay-sur-Boutonne, Nuaillé-sur-Boutonne, Vernoux-sur-Boutonne.

The main tributaries of the Boutonne river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



Sound barrier

When an object comes closer to the speed of sound (Mach 1), air pressure changes drastically, and there will be pressure waves around the object. This pressure will rise until the speed of Mach 1 is reached. At this point, it will suddenly decrease, and a sound burst will result. The speed of Mach 1, where this burst happens, is often called sound barrier. Aircraft wings had to be redesigned, so that certain aircraft can fly at speeds faster than Mach 1. Flying faster than sound produces a sonic boom.

Hypersomnia

Hypersomnia is a medical condition which is characterized by unusual sleepiness. People with hypersomnia easily feel sleepy during the day, and fall asleep. The condition where people wake up often during the night, and have trouble sleeping through the night is called insomnia and is different. Hypersomnia is a sleep disorder. 

Hypersomnia affects about five percent of the population, or about one of twenty people. Very often, people with Sleep apnea suffer from hypersomnia. Hypersomia can also occur with other conditions, such as mood disorders. 

If the hypersomnia is caused by a problem with the brain or nervous system, it is called primary hypersomnia. Narcolepsy is an example of a primary hypersomnia. If the hypersomnia is the effect of another condition, it is usually called secondary hypersomnia. Examples of secondary hypersomnias include someone losing consciousness because of epilepsy. Sleep apnea, cited above, is one of the most common forms of secondary hypersomnia. Certain drugs can also cause (secondary) hypersomnias.

Primary hypersomnias are very rare. Secondary hypersomnias are quite common. 

Holy orders in the Catholic Church

The Sacrament of Holy Orders in the Catholic Church includes three orders: bishop, priest, and deacon.

In the phrase “Holy Orders”, the word “holy” means “set apart for some purpose.” The word “order” means a hierarchy or way of organizing people.

Warren Court

Warren Court focused on civil rights and personal rights. This was when Earl Warren served as chief justice for the supreme court from 1953 to 1969. He was appointed by President Eisenhower.

Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority

The Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority (usually called the MBTA or "the T") is Massachusetts' public transportation system. 

The MBTA opened on September 2, 1897. Its first line, the Green Line, was the first subway in the Western Hemisphere. At first, it connected only the Boston Public Garden to Park Street Station - about a half-mile walk.

Today, all together, the parts of the MBTA travel 1392 miles each way, every day.

The MBTA uses many different forms of public transportation to connect most of the parts of Massachusetts. As of the MBTA's last official report in 2014, there are 295 different MBTA stations in Massachusetts.

The Commuter Rail covers more of Massachusetts than any other part of the MBTA. The Commuter Rail is a fast train, similar to an Amtrak commuter train. Of all the MBTA's services, the Commuter Rail runs the farthest from Boston. Because of this, it is also the most expensive.

In the MBTA's color-coding system, Commuter Rail Trains are purple.

As of 2014, there were a total of 138 Commuter Rail stations in Massachusetts.

All Commuter Rail trains start or finish their journeys at one of two stations in Boston: South Station or North Station.

Commuter Rail trains run to South Station from towns like:

When the New England Patriots are playing at home, the MBTA runs special Commuter Rail trains to Gillette Stadium from both South Station and T.F. Green Airport.

Closer to Boston, Commuter Rail trains stop at a few different Boston neighborhoods on their way to South Station, like Back Bay, Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, and Dorchester. 

Travelers can change to the MBTA's Red Line subway at South Station.

Commuter Rail trains run to North Station from towns like:

Closer to Boston, Commuter Rail trains run through towns near Boston, like Cambridge, Chelsea, Medford, Melrose, and Belmont.

Travelers can change to the MBTA's Green or Orange Lines at North Station.

The subway runs mostly in Boston and in the towns next to it. There are five different subway lines, which are color-coded. Each line runs to a different part of the city. There are a total of 66 different subway routes in the Boston area. The lines cross each other at different points throughout the city so people can switch lines when they need to. A person does not have to pay to switch from one underground subway to another.

Each train runs in one of two directions: Inbound or Outbound. If a train is traveling toward Downtown Crossing, it is an Inbound train. If a train is traveling away from Downtown Crossing, it is an Outbound train.

The Orange Line began running in 1901. At that time, it was the first public transit in Boston that was elevated (on train tracks above the streets, instead of on the streets or underground).

The Orange Line runs from Malden to Jamaica Plain. It has 19 stops, including stops at Bunker Hill Community College, Tufts Medical Center, Boston's Chinatown, and Haymarket (a famous outdoor food market).

The Orange Line intersects with every other line on the MBTA. Travelers can change to any color subway or trolley car from the Orange Line.

The Red Line was the last of the four subway lines to be built.

Today, the Red Line runs from Cambridge to inner-city Boston. Important stops include Harvard Square Station; Kendall/MIT Station; Charles/Massachusetts General Hospital; and JFK/UMASS (the stop for the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum and the University of Massachusetts Boston. The Red Line intersects with the Commuter Rail, and with every other subway except the Blue Line.

The Red Line is the most used subway line on the MBTA. On average, about 74,450,000 people make trips on the Red Line every year.

The Blue Line was built in 1904 as the world's widest underwater streetcar tunnel. (The Blue Line travels under the Charles River). By 1924, the Blue Line had been made into a subway.

Today, the Blue Line runs from Revere and East Boston to a small part of downtown Boston. It stops at Wonderland, which used to be a greyhound racing track; Suffolk Downs, which still is a horse racing track; Revere Beach; Logan Airport; Government Center, where Boston City Hall is located; and the New England Aquarium. Free shuttle buses take travelers from the Airport MBTA Station to the terminals in the airport.

The Blue Line is used less than any other MBTA subway line. About 17,880,000 people make trips on the Blue Line every year - about 76% less than the number of people who use the Red Line each year.

Part of the green line is a street trolley. It runs along train tracks in the middle of Boston's streets. However, some of the Green Line is a subway (underground). This part of the Green Line goes from Cambridge to downtown Boston. The Green Line then splits into five different street trolleys that travel to different neighborhoods around Boston.

Longwood Station on the D line, and the Longwood Medical Area Station on the E line, are within walking distance of multiple world-class hospitals, including Brigham and Women's Hospital, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, the Joslin Clinic for Diabetes, and Boston Children's Hospital.

The Green Line is the second most popular subway line on the MBTA. The Red Line is used a little more often.

There are four different street trolleys. These Green Line trolleys are called the "B," "C," "D," and "E" trains. There are many trolley stops on the MBTA - 61 in total.

Each train but the "E" train splits off from the underground subway at Kenmore Station. This is the station closest to Fenway Park, where the Boston Red Sox play.


The E train splits off from the underground subway at Copley Station. Its stops include the Prudential Tower, the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Northeastern University, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. Its last stop is at the VA Medical Center in Jamaica Plain. It is the only part of the MBTA that runs on tracks in the middle of the street.

The MBTA has 4 rapid transit bus lines with a total of 30 stops. These are color-coded silver:


The MBTA also includes commuter boat lines:


The MBTA operates 174 different buses. Together, these buses travel a total of 745 miles, one way, each day.

The two most commonly used buses on the MBTA both average about 14,000 riders every day:

This table gives a summary of the different parts of the MBTA:

Some travelers have brought up concerns about safety on the MBTA. In a 2011 article, "Boston Magazine's" Jason Schwartz described serious concerns about safety issues on the MBTA - like train fires, and crucial safety issues which he said the MBTA had not addressed. He wrote: "The system is broke, broken, and about to get a whole lot worse. No one on Beacon Hill [in the Massachusetts government] wants to address any of this ... History shows that it takes a tragedy - deaths - to fix something as basic as infrastructure. Hopefully Massachusetts won't wait for that."

In 2014, Robert Murch, a "world-renowned Ouija board" expert, joked that he is more afraid of taking the Red Line than he is of ghosts.

The MBTA has put many programs into place to help prevent crime and terrorism on the MBTA. The latest report published by the MBTA Transit Police compared crime rates in 2014 and 2015. Between 2014 and 2015, there was about a 7% increase in crimes on the MBTA. In 2014, there were 946 reported crimes on the MBTA. In 2015, there were 1009. Since over 380,900,000 people ride the MBTA each year, this means that about 0.0003% of travelers were victims of a crime while riding the MBTA in 2015. Most of these crimes were larceny, robbery, or assault.

Some Boston residents have criticized the slowness of the trains, especially the Green Line trolleys. Kyle Scott Clauss, the author of "The Curmudgeon's Guide to the MBTA," writes: "The C branch [of the Green Line] essentially functions as a sort of moving sidewalk leading to and from the Trader Joe's in Coolidge Corner. It was where Kenyan runner Rita Jeptoo memorably cruised past a Green Line trolley on her way to a first-place finish in the 2014 Boston Marathon."

The MBTA experienced a major crisis in winter of 2015. This was the snowiest winter in Boston's history, with six weeks of blizzards and heavy snowstorms. In February alone, 64.8 inches of snow fell in Boston. The MBTA's train tracks were so frozen and covered with snow that the trains could not drive. Kyle Scott Clauss of "The Curmudgeon's Guide to the MBTA" joked that "During the Snowpocalpyse of 2015 ... the T's newly installed countdown clocks all read "NOW I AM BECOME DEATH" and workers had to literally "set the rails ablaze" to keep them from freezing..."

The General Manager of the MBTA, Beverly Scott, shut down all rail service (all trains and trolleys) for over 36 hours. The MBTA had to hire hundreds of workers to shovel snow and chip ice off the tracks. On February 11, Scott announced that she would resign from her job, as of April 11, 2015.

Don Robinson (rugby league)

Donald "Don" Robinson (4 June 1932 – 27 May 2017) was an English professional Rugby League World Cup winning footballer. He played in the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, England, Yorkshire, and Rugby League XIII, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (captain) (Heritage № 584), and Leeds.


Saucy Sylvia

Saucy Sylvia (Sylvia Cadeski; July 27, 1920 – May 25, 2017) was a Canadian-born American comedian, classically trained pianist, singer, and radio personality. She was born in Owen Sound, Ontario. In the 1940s and the 1950s, she hosted "The Sylvia Show" on radio. 

Sylvia died at her home in Newport, Rhode Island from complications of pneumonia on May 25, 2017 at the age of 96.


Frank Deford

Benjamin Franklin "Frank" Deford III (December 16, 1938 – May 28, 2017) was an American sportswriter, novelist and health activist. Over his 40 year career, he was a regular sports commentator on NPR's "Morning Edition" radio program (from 1980 to 2017).

Deford was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Princeton University. He was married to Carol Penner until his death in 2017. They had three children.

Deford wrote for "Sports Illustrated" magazine from 1962 until his death in 2017, and was a correspondent for the "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" television program on HBO. He wrote 18 books, nine of them novels such as "Everybody's All-American" (1981).

Deford died on May 28, 2017, at the age of 78, at his home in Key West, Florida.


Chicago Transit Authority

Chicago Transit Authority, also known as CTA, is the operator of mass transit in Chicago, Illinois and some of its surrounding suburbs, including the trains of the Chicago "L" and CTA bus service.

The CTA is an Illinois independent governmental agency that started operations on October 1, 1947 upon the purchase and combination of the transportation assets of the Chicago Rapid Transit Company and the Chicago Surface Lines streetcar system. In 1952, CTA purchased the assets of the Chicago Motor Coach Company, which was under the control of Yellow Cab Company founder John D. Hertz, resulting in a fully unified system. 

Today, the CTA is one of the three service boards financially supported by the Regional Transportation Authority.

Red Line (CTA)

The Red Line, sometimes known as the Howard-Dan Ryan Line or the North-South Line, is a rapid transit line in Chicago, run by the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) as part of the Chicago "L" system. It is the busiest line on the "L" system, with an average of 251,813 passengers boarding each weekday in 2012. The route is long with a total of 33 stations, from Howard station in Rogers Park on the north side, through the State Street subway and to 95th/Dan Ryan in Roseland on the south side. 

Like the Blue Line, the Red Line runs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year; it is one of only five mass-transit rail systems in the United States to do so (the others being the PATCO Speedline, Staten Island Railway, the PATH lines, and the New York City Subway). 

Roman citizenship

People in Ancient Rome had certain rights depending on who they were. Some were citizens, and had rights that non-citizens did not have. The rights available to individual citizens of Rome varied over time, according to their place of origin and their service to the state. They also varied under Roman law according to the classification of the individual within the state. Various legal classes were defined by the various combinations of legal rights that each class enjoyed. 

Client state citizens and allies (socii) of Rome could receive a limited form of Roman citizenship such as the Latin Right. Such citizens could not vote or be elected in Roman elections. Slaves were considered property, not legal persons and unable to be citizens. Over time, they acquired a few protections under Roman law. 

Rights available to citizens under Roman law addressed included:

Ius suffragiorum: The right to vote in the Roman assemblies.

Ius gentium: The legal recognition, developed in the 3rd century BC, of the growing international scope of Roman affairs, and the need for Roman law to deal with situations between Roman citizens and foreign persons. The ius gentium was therefore a Roman legal codification of the widely accepted international law of the time, and was based on the highly developed commercial law of the Greek city-states and of other maritime powers. The rights afforded by the ius gentium were considered to be held by all persons; it is thus a concept of human rights rather than rights attached to citizenship.

Ius conubii: The right to have a lawful marriage with a Roman citizen according to Roman principles, to have the legal rights of the paterfamilias over the family, and for the children of any such marriage to be counted as Roman citizens.

Ius migrationis: The right to preserve one's level of citizenship upon relocation to a polis of comparable status. For example, members of the cives Romani (see below) maintained their full civitas when they migrated to a Roman colony with full rights under the law: a colonia civium Romanorum. Latins also had this right, and maintained their ius Latii if they relocated to a different Latin state or Latin colony (Latina colonia). This right did not preserve one's level of citizenship should one relocate to a colony of lesser legal status; full Roman citizens relocating to a Latina colonia were reduced to the level of the ius Latii, and such a migration and reduction in status had to be a voluntary act.

The right of immunity from some taxes and other legal obligations, especially local rules and regulations. 

The right to sue in the courts and the right to be sued. 

The right to have a legal trial (to appear before a proper court and to defend oneself). 

The toga was the characteristic garment of the rich Roman male citizen, and statues of emperors (here Antoninus Pius) frequently depict them togate (togatus).

Orange Line (CTA)

The Orange Line, is a rapid transit line in Chicago, Illinois run by the Chicago Transit Authority as part of the "L" system. It is about long and runs at grade and elevated on existing railroad embankments and new concrete and steel structures from Midway International Airport, the Southwest Side and downtown Chicago. In September 2012, the average weekday boardings on the Orange Line were 63,037. The Orange Line operates between Midway Airport and the Loop, weekdays from 4:00 a.m. to 1:25 a.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 4:30 a.m. to 1:25 a.m.


Yellow Line (CTA)

The Yellow Line, formerly known as the Skokie Swift, is part of the Chicago Transit Authority's "L" system in Chicago, Illinois. The route runs from the Howard Terminal on the north side of Chicago, through the southern part of Evanston and to the Dempster Terminal in Skokie, Illinois, making one intermediate stop at Oakton Street in Skokie.

At Howard, Yellow Line passengers can transfer to the Purple or Red Lines of the CTA. The Yellow Line is the only CTA line that does not go to Chicago Loop.


Green Line (CTA)

The Green Line is a rapid transit line on the Chicago Transit Authority's "L" system. It is the only completely elevated route in the entire system. It utilizes the system's oldest segments (dating back to 1892), extending with 30 stops between Forest Park and Oak Park (Harlem/Lake), through Chicago's West Side to the Loop, and then to the South Side and Englewood (Ashland/63rd) and Woodlawn (Cottage Grove/63rd). 

As of September 2012, the average number weekday boardings on the Green Line is 70,554. The Green Line operates between Harlem/Lake and Cottage Grove, weekdays from 4:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 5:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m., and between Harlem/Lake and Ashland/63rd, weekdays from 3:50 a.m. to 1:05 a.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 4:50 a.m. to 1:05 a.m.


Blue Line (CTA)

The Blue Line, also known as the O'Hare-Congress Line and the West-Northwest Line, is a long Chicago "L" line which goes through the Loop from O'Hare International Airport at the far northwest end of the city, through downtown via the Milwaukee-Dearborn Subway and across the West Side to its southwest end at Forest Park, with a total of 33 stations. It is the CTA's second busiest rail line, with an average of 186,796 passengers boarding each weekday in September 2012.

The Blue Line and Red Line are the only two routes of the Chicago "L" system to currently run 24 hours a day and is one of only six rapid transit rail systems in the United States to do so (the others being the PATCO Speedline, Staten Island Railway, the PATH lines, Philadelphia's SEPTA and the New York City Subway). 

The Blue Line is also one of only two lines with more than one station with the same name, with the Green Line being the other (It has two stations at Harlem Avenue: one in the Kennedy Expressway on the Northwest side and one on the south side of the Eisenhower Expressway in Forest Park, Illinois. It also has two stations on Western Avenue: one on the O'Hare branch and one on the Congress branch). The Blue Line also has only three in-system transfers (all in the Loop), contains a combination of both the oldest and newest portions of 'L' tracks, and does not share tracks with any other 'L' line.

Before the adoption of color-coded names, the Blue Line was referred to as the West-Northwest Route (which it is still sometimes referred to as today) or more commonly, the O'Hare-Congress-Douglas route for its three branches. The Congress and Douglas branches were renamed for their terminals, Forest Park and 54th/Cermak, when the current color naming system was adopted in 1993. Blue Line service on the Douglas Branch was discontinued in April 2008 and replaced by the Pink Line.

The Blue Line is one of five 'L' lines that run into Chicago suburbs, with the others being the Green, Purple, Pink, and Yellow lines. 

The Blue, Green, and Purple Lines are the only three rail lines that run through more than one suburb, with the Green and Purple Lines running through two, but the Blue Line actually runs through three, making it the rail line that runs through the most suburbs on the Chicago 'L' system.

In March 2014, a Blue Line train was derailed and crashed at the O'Hare train station, injuring 32 people.


Purple Line (CTA)

The Purple Line (or the Evanston Line) of the Chicago Transit Authority is a route on the northernmost section of the Chicago "L" rapid transit system. Normally, it extends south from Linden Avenue in Wilmette, passing through Evanston to Howard Street, on Chicago's north side. In 2016, the average weekday boardings on the Purple Line was 10,187.


Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a 2017 American swashbuckler comedy action film. It is the fifth installment in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series and the sequel to "" (2011). The movie is directed by Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg from a script by Jeff Nathanson, with Jerry Bruckheimer serving again as producer. Johnny Depp, Geoffrey Rush and Kevin McNally reprise their roles as Jack Sparrow, Hector Barbossa and Joshamee Gibbs. It has Javier Bardem playing the main villain, Spanish ghost pirate Captain Salazar, Brenton Thwaites playing Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann's son Henry Turner, Kaya Scodelario playing Barbossa's secret daughter Carina Smyth with Paul McCartney make a guest apparicion playing Jack Sparrow's Uncle Jack. Orlando Bloom reprise his role of Will Turner who appear at the start and the ending of the film, additionally Keira Knightley make a silent cameo (despite is an important cameo) at the end of the film reprising her role of Elizabeth Swann.

It was released in conventional, Disney Digital 3-D, RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats on May 26, 2017.

Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the film was positively welcomed from audience who praised its story, directing, humor, heart, emotional weight, character development, cast performances (especially those of Depp and Bardem), musical score, action scenes, special effects and the ending, it was also a box office success grossing over $285 million worldwide. A sequel is currently in development.


A sixth film is currently in development with Ronning back to direct while Ted Elliott, first four film's co-writer, and Craig Mazin will write the screenplay.

On 2020, Jerry Bruckheimer announced that the first draft of the screenplay is almost ready and that, even though he plans to have Johnny Depp in the movie, he doesn't know yet what role the character will have.

Later, Johnny Depp was confirmed to reprise his role and that the movie is expected to be released around 2024.

Brown Line (CTA)

The Brown Line (or the Ravenswood Line) of the Chicago "L" system, is an route with 27 stations between Chicago's Albany Park neighborhood and downtown Chicago. It runs completely above ground and is almost entirely grade-separated. It is the third busiest 'L' route, with an average of 101,881 passengers boarding each weekday in 2011.

The Brown Line operates to the Loop weekdays and Saturdays from 4:00 am to 1:30 am and on Sundays from 5:00 am to 1:30 am. The Brown Line Shuttle service, running only between Kimball and Belmont, runs from 4:00 am to 2:20 am on weekdays and Saturdays, and 5:00 am to 2:00 am on Sundays. At Belmont, southbound riders can transfer to the 24-hour Red Line.


Pink Line (CTA)

The Pink Line is an rapid transit line in Chicago, run by the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) as part of the Chicago "L" system. 

It is CTA's newest rail line and began operation for a 180-day trial period on June 25, 2006, running between 54th/Cermak Station in Cicero, Illinois and the Loop in downtown Chicago. The route to the Loop follows tracks shared with Green Line trains on Lake Street, connected by the previously non-revenue Paulina Connector. In September 2012, the average weekday boardings on the Pink Line was 33,737. The Pink Line does not make any 'L' train transfers on the Douglas Branch. 

The Pink Line operates between 54th/Cermak and the Loop, weekdays from 4:05 a.m. to 1:25 a.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 5:05 a.m. to 1:25 a.m.


Allahabad Address

The Allahabad Address () is a speech by Pakistani scholar Sir Muhammad Iqbal.

The speech was given on 29 December 1930, at Allahabad, British India. This was during the 25th annual session of the All-India Muslim League. Iqbal wanted an independent state for Muslim-majority provinces in northwestern India. Iqbal said there could be no peace until the Muslim provinces were given the same privileges as the Hindu provinces.

Biocentrism

Biocentrism is a theory given by the American biologist Robert Lanza which states that nothing is absolute in the universe. It says that the universe exists relative to us and can't exist without living beings. It says that space and time are just our perceptions. There is no real existence of anything outside us. This theory can be considered a theory of everything. Young's double-slit experiment supports this theory.

Kotagiri

Kotagiri is a panchayat town in The Nilgiris district of Tamil Nadu, India. As of 2011 Census, the population of the town is 28,207 of which 13,607 are males while 14,600 are females.

Nilgiris district

Nilgiris district is a district in Tamil Nadu, India. The district mainly lies in the Nilgiri Hills which gives the district its name. The capital of the district is the town of Ootacamund(Ooty). The highest point of Tamil Nadu, the Doddabetta peak is located in this district.

According to the 2011 census of India, the Nilgiris district had a population of 735,394 with a sex-ratio of 1,042 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929 females.
Nilgiris is a home to several hill stations that attracts tourists towards it. These include Ooty, Coonoor, Gudalur and Kotagiri. The Nilgiri Mountain Train, popularly known as the Toy Train, attracts tourists as the journey offers spectacular views of the hills and forests.

Doddabetta

Doddabetta is the highest peak in the Nilgiri Hills and the state of Tamil Nadu. It is also one of the highest peak in South India. This peak is located in the Nilgiris district of Tamil Nadu. This summit is 9km away from Ooty, the district headquarters. The height of the summit is 2,637m.

Nilgiri Hills

Nilgiri Hills is a mountain range in Western Ghats of India. This range is in the states of western Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka. The highest peak in the range is the Doddabetta.

Kanchipuram district

Kanchipuram district is a district in the northeast of the state of Tamil Nadu in India. The district has a total geographical area of and coastline of . The town of Kanchipuram is the district headquarters. Kanchipuram District had been administered by the Pallavas, Cholas, Vijayanagar rulers and the British before Independence.
Kanchipuram district is known for its 'Silk', since it is one of the main professions of the people living in and around is weaving silk sarees. The silk weavers of Kanchipuram settled more than 400 years ago and made it as the producer of best silk sarees in the country.

According to the 2011 census of India, Kanchipuram district had a population of 3,998,252. The sex-ratio was 986 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. 

Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple

Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple is the oldest structure in Kanchipuram. Located in Kanchipuram district, Tamil Nadu, India, it is a Hindu temple in the Dravidian architectural style. It is dedicated to the Lord Shiva, and is known for its historical importance. The temple was built from 685-705AD by a ruler of the Pallava Dynasty. The low-slung sandstone compound contains a large number of carvings, including many half-animal deities which were popular during the early Dravidian architectural period.

Tiruvannamalai district

Tiruvannamalai district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu, India. The town of Tiruvannamalai is the headquarters of the district. As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,464,875 with 994 females for every 1,000 males.

Tiruvannamalai district is one of the sacred area in Tamil Nadu. The name of the district comes from its headquarters. The word "annamalai" in Tiruvannamalai means "the inaccessible mountain" and "Tiru" is a respectful title given. The temple town of Tiruvannamalai is one of the most ancient heritage sites of India and is a centre of the Saiva religion. The Deepam festival celebrated here attracts devotees from far and wide throughout South India. After independence Tiruvannamalai was under North Arcot District. The civil district of North Arcot was divided into Vellore District and Tiruvannamalai District in October 1989.


Action

Action may refer to:













Annamalaiyar Temple

Annamalaiyar Temple is a Tamil Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located at the base of Annamalai Hill in the town of Tiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu, India.It is significant to the Hindu section of Saivism as one of the temples associated with the five elements, and specifically to the element of fire, or Agni. The main deity of the temple is Arunachaleshwarar (Shiva) and his consort, Unnamalai Amman(Parvati).

The temple complex covers 10 hectares, and is one of the largest in India. It has four gateway towers known as "gopurams". The tallest is the eastern tower, with 11 stories and a height of , making it one of the tallest temple towers in India.

The "Karthigai Deepam" festival is celebrated during the day of the full moon between November and December, and a huge beacon is lit at the top of the hill.The event is witnessed by millions of pilgrims from different parts of Tamil Nadu.

Jewish-American organized crime

Jewish-American organized crime emerged within the American Jewish community during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It has been referred to variously in media and popular culture as the Jewish Mob, Jewish Mafia, Kosher Mafia, Kosher Nostra, or Undzer Shtik ().

Wallace Fard Muhammad

Wallace D. Fard aka Wallace Fard Muhammad (born February 26, 1877) was a co-founder of the Nation of Islam. He appeared in Detroit in 1930 and had an obscure background and used several aliases. He taught a unique form of religion which was based on Islam to members of the city's African-American population. He was also a seller of silk, incense, and perfume and was remembered as being a light skinned black man, a light skinned Arab, and a white man. Fard was last seen in 1933 by Elijah Muhammad, when Fard took off in an airplane from the Detroit airport.

Moorish Science Temple of America

The Moorish Science Temple of America is an American national and religious organization founded by Noble Drew Ali, born Timothy Drew.

Master boot record

The master boot record is the first 512 kilobytes of a partitioned mass-storage device such as a hard drive. The master boot record gives the BIOS information on things like partitioning, file systems, location of the operating system, etc.

Because the master boot record is crucial for running the operating system, any changes to it may make the contents of a hard drive unreadable until they have been fixed. In the past, there have been instances of malware making changes to the master boot record. One noticeable example of this is CIH.

Masud Ghnaim

Masud Ghnaim, Arab: مسعود غنايم , Hebrew: מסעוד גנאים , (born February 14, 1965) is an Israeli politician. He was political leader of Ra'am ("The United Arab List").

Ghnaim is an Arab Israeli and a Muslim.

He obtained a BA in the history of the Middle East at Haifa University and then worked in the fields of education and culture. 
He joined the Islamic Movement in Israel and chose the moderate division of this Islamist movement, called the Southern Branch and one of the forerunners of Ra'am.

In 2003 he entered local politics by sitting on the city council of his hometown, Sakhnin, until 2005. He then entered national politics by becoming a member of Knesset in 2009. Since 2015 he had both been leader of the Ra'am party and a politician in The Joint List of four parties.
He left the Knesset after the elections of April 2019.

Ghnaim wants Israel to be changed into an Islamic caliphate and supports the Iran-Syria-Hezbollah coalition.


Dharmapuri district

Dharmapuri district is one of the 38 district in Tamil Nadu state in India. The district came into existence from October 10, 1965. It is the first district created in Tamil Nadu after independence. Dharmapuri is the district headquarters. Dharmapuri town is historically called "Thakadoor". As of 2011 census, the district had a population of 1,506,843 with a sex-ratio of 946 females for every 1,000 males. The current average literacy of the district was 91.2% compared to the national average of 72.99%.

The Kaveri river flows into the state through the district, and Hogenakkal, a town situated 46 km from Dharmapuri is the site where the river drops into as a scenic waterfall known as Hogenakkal Falls.Another important tourist destination in the state is the hill-temple at Theerthamalai in Harur taluk which is a sacred religious place for the Hindus, and which is existing from the times of the Chola and the Vijayanagara empires.

Dharmapuri, Tamil Nadu

Dharmapuri is a city and the administrative headquarters of Dharmapuri district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of top leading Mango producer of state.
According to 2011 census of India, Dharmapuri had a population of 68,619 with a sex-ratio of 1,013 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.As per the religious census of 2011, Dharmapuri (M) had 88.99% Hindus, 9.65% Muslims, 0.99% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists, 0.01% Jains and 0.33% following other religioner.

Hogenakkal Falls

Hogenakkal Falls is a waterfall in South India on the Kaveri river in the Dharmapuri district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.Sometimes referred to as the "Niagara Falls of India," it is known for medicinal baths and hide boat rides, projecting itself as a major tourist attraction.

Carbonatite rocks in this site are considered to be the oldest of its kind in South Asia and one of the oldest in the world. The Government of Tamil Nadu made a proposal to convert the falls into providing drinking water for the state.

Vellore district

Vellore district is one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India. It is one of the biggest district in Tamil Nadu. Vellore City is the headquarters of this district. As of 2011, the district had a population of 3,936,331 with a sex ratio of 1,007 females for every 1,000 males.The Government of India recently included Vellore city into prestigious smart City project along with 26 more cities.

The Vellore Fort is the primary tourist attraction in the district headquarters Vellore.During British rule, Tipu Sultan's family and the last king of Sri Lanka, Vikrama Rajasinha, were held as royal prisoners in the fort. It houses a church, a mosque and a Hindu temple, the latter known for its carvings. The first rebellion against British rule erupted at this fort in 1806, and it witnessed the massacre of the Vijayanagara royal family of Emperor Sriranga Raya.The golden temple of "Sripuram" is another attraction in the district.Jalagandeeswarar Temple inside the Vellore fort dedicated to Jalagandeeswar, is noted for its sculptures.

Vellore Fort

Vellore Fort is a large 16th-century fort in the center of Vellore city, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It was built by Vijayanagara kings. The fort was at one time the headquarters of the Aravidu Dynasty of the Vijayanagara Empire. The fort has grand ramparts and wide moat.

The fort's ownership passed from Vijayanagara kings, to the Bijapur sultans, to the Marathas, to the Carnatic Nawabs and finally to the British, who held the fort until India gained independence. The Indian government maintains the fort with the Archaeological Department. During British rule, the Tipu Sultan's family and the last king of Sri Lanka, Sri Vikrama Rajasinha were held as prisoners in the fort. The fort houses the Jalakanteswarar Hindu temple, the Christian St. John's Church and a Muslim mosque, of which the Jalakanteswarar Temple is famous for its magnificent carvings. The first significant military rebellion against British rule erupted at this fort in 1806, and it is also a witness to the massacre of the Vijayanagara royal family of Sriranga Raya.

Krishnagiri district

Krishnagiri district is a district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. This is a new district which was carved out from Dharmapuri district by 2004. The municipal town of Krishnagiri is the district headquarters. In Tamil Nadu, "e-Governance" was first introduced at Krishnagiri district under the National e-Governance Project (NEGP) in revenue and social welfare departments on a pilot basis. The district is one of the largest producers of mangoes in India. As of 2011, the district had a population of 1,879,809 with a sex-ratio of 958 females for every 1,000 males.

In Krishnagiri district, quarry leases are being granted for granite in Patta lands. Rough stone and earth quarry leases are being granted in government and patta lands under Tamil Nadu Minor Mineral Concession Rules 1959. The Public Works Department (WRO wing) is operating sand quarry in riverbeds. A state owned corporation called Tamil Nadu Metals and Mineral Ltd is also earning quarry and mining grants in government lands. The total mineral revenue realized during 2006-07 was Rs. 7.45 crores. Nearly 7,000 workers are being engaged in quarry activities. 

As Krishnagiri District has 2,02,409 hectares of forest land which constitutes 39% of the total geographical area, there are abundant produce from the forest areas. Bamboo products, honey collection and tamarind production are the forestry land activities found in Anchetty, Denkanikotta, Thally and Berigai areas. This has generated employment opportunities for thousands of rural people in these areas.

Krishnagiri

Krishnagiri is a municipality town and administrative headquarters of Krishnagiri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Mango is cultivated as the main crop and the land here is extremely fertile with rich access to fresh water making it amenable to growing crops. Krishnagiri is a rapidly growing town and is the site of significant business and residential development. The Krishnagiri Dam is currently undergoing expansion and a variety of small-scale industry zones are being set up. According to 2011 census, Krishnagiri had a population of 71,323 with a sex-ratio of 1,015 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. 

The Krishnagiri district has a prehistoric importance. Archeological sources confirm the presence of habitats of man kind during Paleolithic, Neolithic and Mesolithic Ages. Various rock paintings and rock carvings of Indus Valley civilization and Iron Age seen in this district support the historical significance of this district.Krishnagiri district was carved out of Dharmapuri district on 9 February 2004 with five taluks and ten blocks.

Krishnagiri Dam

Krishnagiri Dam is a dam that spans the Thenpennai River by the village of Dhuduganahalli, located in Krishnagiri district, Tamil Nadu, India. The Krishnagiri Dam is also known as Krishnagiri Reservoir Project (KRP) Dam. The KRP Dam is located from Krishnagiri, between Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri which irrigates thousands of acres of land around Krishnagiri. The Dam is operational from 1958, inaugurated by the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu K. Kamaraj.

Karur district

Karur district is a district located very centrally along the Kaveri and Amaravathi rivers in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The main town in Karur District is the city of Karur, which is also the district headquarters. The district had a population of 1,064,493 with a sex-ratio of 1,015 females for every 1,000 males. A total of 102,731 were under the age of six, constituting 52,969 males and 49,762 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 20.8% and .05% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 68.3%, compared to the national average of 72.99%.

Karur is famous for its home textiles. Karur has a place in five major product groups: bed linens, kitchen linens, toilet linens, table linens, wall hangings. Overall Karur generates around Rs.6000 crores in foreign exchange through direct and indirect exports. Allied industries like ginning and spinning mills, dyeing factories, weaving etc., employs around 450,000 people in and around Karur.

Kulithalai

Kulithalai is a town in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The recorded history of Kulithalai is known from medieval Chola period of the 9th century and has been ruled, at different times, by the Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire and the British Raj. M. Karunanidhi, five time Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and leader of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam won his first legislative elections from Kulithatlai constituency in 1962. 

The town is administered by the Kulithalai municipality, which covers an area of . As of 2011, the town had a population of 27,910. The town is a part of the fertile Cauvery delta region and agriculture is the major occupation. Roadways are the major mode of transportation to Kulithalai and the town also has rail connectivity.

Karur

Karur is the administrative headquarters of Karur District in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Karur is the district formed after independence and Located on the banks of River Amaravathi and River Kaveri, it has been ruled, at different times, by the Chera, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Hyder Ali, Carnatic kingdom, and the British. It is located at a distance of southwest of the state capital Chennai. Karur is the district located at the "heart" or center of Tamil Nadu. 

Karur had a population of 262580 with a sex-ratio of 1,032 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 6,147 were under the age of six, constituting 3,162 males and 2,985 females. 

Major industries in Karur include:
The two leading private rating banks have their headquarters in Karur: the Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) and the Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB).

Arab Israelis

Arab Israelis are Arabs who live in the State of Israel. They call themselves "Palestinian Israelis". About 21% of the Israeli people are Arab Israelis. 

As of 2015, there were about 2.1 million Arab Israelis, about 300 thousands of them were living in East Jerusalem and a small number on the Golan Heights.

Most Arab Israelis are Muslims (84%), a small minority is Christian or Druze (both about 8%).

Kilchberg, Zürich

Kilchberg is a municipality of the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

It is home to the corporate headquarters of the confectionery Lindt & Sprüngli.


Virudhunagar district

Virudhunagar district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu in southern India. Virudhunagar is the district headquarters. Virudhunagar district was formed by the separation of Ramanathapuram District on 1987 into Ramanathapuram District, Sivagangai District and the west part as Virudhunagar District. Virudhunagar district was formerly called Karmavirar Kamarajar District. As of 2011, Virudhunagar district had a population of 1,942,288 with a sex-ratio of 1,007 females for every 1,000 males. up from 1,751,301 in 2001,

Virudhunagar district is one of the leading producer of match sticks, fireworks and printing in the country, mostly concentrated in and around Sivakasi. Sivakasi is called as Small Japan for being one of the largest fireworks producer in the world. Virudhunagar is also the main market for Sesame oil, chicory, coffee seeds, dry chillies and pulses.

Virudhunagar

Virudhunagar (that was Virudhupatti some time ago), is a town and the headquarters of the Virudhunagar district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Virudhunagar became an important trade centre during the British rule. The town is the birthplace of freedom fighter K. Kamaraj, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu, and Bharat Ratna recipient. Located to the east of Kowsika River.
Virudhunagar was a part of Madurai and has been ruled at various times by Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Chanda Sahib, Carnatic kingdom and the British.The town's name was changed to Virudhupatti in 1875 and on 6 April 1923, the town council renamed it Virudhunagar.
According to the 2011 census of India, Virudhunagar had a population of 72,296 with a sex-ratio of 1,014 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.

Sivakasi

Sivakasi is a city and municipality in Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town is known for its fire cracker, match box and printing industries. The industries in Sivakasi employ over 25,000 people with an estimated turn over of .

Sivakasi was established in the 15th century during the reign of the Pandya king Harikesari Parakkirama Pandian. The town was a part of Madurai empire and has been ruled at various times by the Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Chanda Sahib, Carnatic kingdom and the British Raj. The Sivakasi riots of 1899 took place during the British Raj here. Sivakasi has a dry weather, making it suitable for dry crops like cotton, chillies and millets. Badhrkali Amman temple is one of the most prominent landmarks of the town.
According to the 2011 census of India, Sivakasi had a population of 71,040 with a sex-ratio of 1,009 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.

Tiruppur district

Tiruppur District is a district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, formed in February 2009. The district is well-developed and industrialized.The city of Tiruppur is the administrative headquarters for the district. As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,479,052 with a sex-ratio of 989 females for every 1,000 males.
The city of Tiruppur, at the heart of the district, is a textile center. The Tiruppur banian industry, the cotton market, and the Kangeyam bull provide a vibrant economy. 

Tiruppur

Tiruppur is a city in the Kongu Nadu region of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Tiruppur is the administrative headquarters of Tiruppur district and the fifth largest urban settlement in Tamil Nadu.Located on the banks of Noyyal River. Tiruppur is administered by municipal corporation which was established in 2008 and the total area of the corporation is 159.6 km divided into 60 wards. The total population of the city as per the 2011 census is 444,352.
Tiruppur is a major textile and knit wear hub contributing to 90% of total cotton knit wear exports from India. The textile industry provides employment to over six lakh people and contributed to exports worth in 2014-15.

Kangeyam

Kangeyam is a second-grade municipality in Kangeyam taluk of Tiruppur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of 2011, the town had a population of 32,147.

Kangeyam is a commercial center. Its main economic activity involves processing agricultural products: rice hulling, coconut oil extraction, and ghee production. Also groundnuts (peanuts) are raised. 

The Kangayam bull is indigenous (native) to the area around Kangeyam. This bull variety is known for its superior strength as a draft animal and its ability to adjust to poor nutritional conditions. It is named after the town. 

Dindigul district

Dindigul district is an administrative region in the south of Tamil Nadu, India. The district was carved out of Madurai district in 1985. The Dindigul city is the headquarters of the district. It has an area of 6266.64 km and comprises three Revenue Divisions, nine Taluks, and 14 Panchayat Unions.According to 2011 census of India, Dindigul district had a population of 2,159,775 with a sex-ratio of 998 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.

In 2006, the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Dindigul one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of 640). It is one of the six districts in Tamil Nadu currently receiving funds from Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).

Dindigul

Dindigul is a city in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the administrative headquarters of the Dindigul district.Dindigul has a number of historical monuments, the Rock Fort being the most prominent.Industries in Dindigul include lock making, leather, textile spinning, administrative services, agricultural trading, banking, agricultural machinery and educational services. Dindigul is upgraded to a municipal corporation.

The city covers an area of and had a population of 207,327 in 2011. Dindigul is well-connected by road and rail with the rest of Tamil Nadu. It is the 12th-largest urban settlement in the state and has a population of 292,512 according to Tamil Nadu's 2011 census. Dindigul has 200,000 hectares of cultivable land, and agriculture continues to be the main occupation of its inhabitants. Located between the Palani and Sirumalai Hills, Dindigul has a reserved forest area of 85 hectares..

Kodaikanal

Kodaikanal is a "hill station" city in the hills of the Dindigul district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. Its name in the Tamil language means "The Gift of the Forest". Kodaikanal is referred to as the "Princess of Hill stations" and has a long history as a popular tourist destination.

Kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a resort town where people would come to find refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains. Much of the local economy is based on the hospitality industry serving tourism. As of 2011, the city had a population of 36,501.

The economy of Kodaikanal mainly depends on tourism. The number of tourists increased from two million in 1999 to 3.2 million in 2009.
The town's infrastructure changes every year in preparation for the peak tourist season. Due to the rapid development of nearby cities such as Madurai and Coimbatore, the town is learning to deal with year-round tourism. Popular tourist souvenirs include handcrafts, home-made chocolates, postcards and eucalyptus oil.

Terrace farms in surrounding villages grow plums, pears, chile peppers, carrots, cauliflower, cabbage, garlic and onions. Most of the produce is transported by truck to other parts of India, while some are sold in the local market.other exotic fruits like dragon fruit,pears,apples, are also grown here

Pudukkottai district

Pudukkottai district is a district in Tamil Nadu state in southern India. The city of Pudukkottai is its district headquarters. Pudukkottai district is a least urbanised district in Tamil Nadu.

As of 2011, the district had a population of 1,618,345 with a sex-ratio of 1,015 females for every 1,000 males. A total of 179,688 were under the age of six, constituting 91,696 males and 87,992 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 17.6% and .08% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 68.62%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The district had a total of 387,679 households. There were a total of 761,693 workers, comprising 192,462 cultivators, 234,344 main agricultural labourers, 10,170 in house hold industries, 203,272 other workers, 121,445 marginal workers, 16,808 marginal cultivators, 70,805 marginal agricultural labourers, 3,771 marginal workers in household industries and 30,061 other marginal workers.

Pudukkottai

Pudukkottai is the administrative headquarters of Pudukkottai district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The people in the city are employed majorly in teritiary sector activities.

The Thondaiman king, Vijaya Raghunatha rebuilt the town based on the principles of town planning so that the main streets were laid intersecting at right angles with the palace at the centre. 

According to 2011 census of India, Pudukkottai had a population of 143,746 with a sex-ratio of 1,003 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 11,762 were under the age of six, constituting 6,028 males and 5,734 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 11.87% and .06% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 92.19%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 28838 households. There were a total of 41,408 workers, comprising 268 cultivators, 275 main agricultural labourers, 994 in house hold industries, 35,578 other workers, 4,293 marginal workers, 128 marginal cultivators, 47 marginal agricultural labourers, 144 marginal workers in household industries and 3,974 other marginal workers. As of 2001, 20 slums were identified in the town and approximately 37,740 people resided in the slums.

Asiad Santhi Soundarajan, Tamil Nadu's first woman medalist in the Asian Games, is from Pudukkottai.

Sittanavasal Cave

Sittanavasal Cave is a 2nd-century Jain complex of caves in Sittanavasal village in Pudukottai district of Tamil Nadu, India. Its name is a Tamil word which means "the abode of great saints". The monument is a rock-cut monastery or temple. Created by Jains, it is also called the Arivar Koil, and is a rock cut cave temple of the Arihants. It contains remnants of notable frescoes from the 7th century. The murals have been painted with vegetable and mineral dyes in black, green, yellow, orange, blue, and white. Paintings have been created by applying colours over a thin wet surface of lime plaster.

While the Sittanavasal village is dated from 1st century BC to 10th century AD when Jainism flourished here, the Temple-cave was initially dated to Pallava King Mahendravarman I (580–630 AD) prior to his conversion from Jainism to Hinduism as a Shaivite.

Theni district

Theni district is a district of the Tamil Nadu state in South India. The city of Theni is the district headquarters. The district is divided into two natural divisions: The hilly areas are constituted by parts of three taluks: Periyakulam, Uthamapalayam, and Andipatti with thick vegetation and perennial streams from the hills on the western side and Cumbum valley which lies in the Uthamapalayam taluk. As of 2011, Theni district had a population of 1,245,899 with a sex-ratio of 991 females for every 1,000 males.
Land area for farming in Theni district is 40.33%. The principal crop production (in tonnes) in 2005-2006 was: sugarcane 1,201,221, cotton 95,360 (561 bales of 170. kg lint each), rice (paddy) 66,093, millets and other cereals 57,081, pulses (legumes) 6,677, peanut (groundnut) 4,021 and sesame (gingelly) 325.
silk, banana, coconut, tea, coffee, cardamom, grapes and mango are other main produce of the district.
Cumbum Valley is a major centre for grape production with 4,000 small farmers producing over 90,000 tonnes of muscat grapes.
Cotton-spinning mills and sugar mills are the major industries in this district. In Andipatti Taluk, handloom weaving and power looms are flourishing. In Uthamapalayam Taluk, the Highwavis Estate produces an important amount of tea. Bodinayakanur is a major marketplace for cardamom, coffee, tea and black pepper. This city is also called "Cardamom City" because of the large quantity of cardamom trade in this area. It has an auction centre for cardamom.

Theni

Theni is a town in western region of Tamil Nadu, a state in Southern India, near the border to Kerala. It is the headquarters of Theni District.Theni district is the 2nd ranked in ASIA on the Banana trading. It is known for the large-scale trading of garlic, cotton, cardamom, grapes and chilli. It hosts the second largest weekly market in Tamil Nadu and the fourth largest in South India. It is well-connected by rail and road to Madurai and by road to all the important cities in Tamil Nadu. The nearest airport is at Madurai.



Kleinandelfingen

Kleinandelfingen is a municipality in Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Kloten

Kloten (Swiss German: "Chloote") is a city in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is the nearest town to Zurich Airport. It is known for its ice hockey club EHC Kloten.


Ahmad Tibi

Ahmad Tibi, Arab: أحمد الطيبي , Hebrew: אחמד טיבי , (born December 19, 1958 in Tayibe) is an Israeli politician. He is political leader and founder of Ta'al ("Arab Movement for Renewal").

Tibi is an Arab Israeli and a Muslim.

After being educated as a physician specializing in gynecology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem he worked at the Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem. 

From 1993 to 1999 he advised Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. In this capacity he negotiated with the Israelis on the issue of the Wye River Memorandum in the United States in 1998.

In 1999 he became a Member of Knesset. He has been deputy speaker of the Knesset since 2006. He has also been a The Joint List politician since 2015.

Tibi wants Israel being brought back to its borders of before the Six-Day War of 1967. He advocates both the two-state solution, the return of Palestinian refugees and the lifting of the Jewish nature of the State of Israel.

He is considered a controversial politician because of his ties with all sorts of Palestinians (not only in Israel but also in the Palestinian territories) and of things he said in parliament.


Togoshi-Ginza Station

Togoshi-Ginza Station (戸越銀座駅,とごしぎんざえき) is a Railway station of Tokyu Corporation in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan.



Turn Left, Turn Right

Turn Left, Turn Right is a Taiwanese picture book by writer Jimmy Liao.

The lead female character is living in an old apartment building on the edge of the city. Every time she goes out, no matter where she goes, she always goes left first. The lead male character is living in an old apartment building on outskirts of the city. Every time he goes out, no matter where he goes, he always goes right first. He never meets her. But the city is like a maze, it lets people see the same scene, go the same route.

She was used to turning left and he was used to turning right, but they never had a meeting with each other in the pictured fiction story, “Turn Left, Turn Right.” It was the first long fiction story written by Jimmy Liao, talking about the feelings between a man and a woman. The fiction story gives a detailed account of a very interesting relation in living between the leading man and the leading woman in chapter one. There are many bright ideas in this pictured fiction story including the lines and color, with much attention to detail, and good order changes. This book is not only one of his best fiction stories but also one of the greatest works of art. Jimmy Liao said that this fiction story’s idea began when one day he was too troubled to draw by the loud noises of workers from next door. He could not help but think specially pleasing thoughts on that day. All of a sudden, he got money from someone he never knew who was living nearby. He started imagining what would come about to this leading man and woman character if they never knew they were neighbors, but slept right next to each other only separated by only one thin wall.


This book became a movie in 2003. Warner Brothers Studios produced it. Gigi Leung and Takeshi Kaneshiro starred in it. The scenes are mainly in Taipei. For example: Beitou Hot Springs, Ximen-cho hiking area, Taipei MRT Station Warner Village、Taiwan Railway Sungai Station, Minsheng shequ fu jin street, and Taipei City Yangming Hospital.


Gou Bu Li baozi

Gou Bu Li Baozi is a group of restaurants in Tianjin, China, that sells steamed buns, one of the most popular foods in the area. Gou Bu Li Baozi was established in 1858. Gou Bu Li’s shop is one of the oldest and most famous shops in that city. In 1960, the Gou Bu Li baozi went out of China to foreign countries. Now there are so many shops in China. 

Gou Bu Li Baozi was founded in the Qing Dynasty in 1858. It was started by Gao You Gui when he was young, His family named him "young dog". He lived in Tianjin when he was very young. He was a worker in Liu's store. It took him three years to learn how to make Baozi very pleasing and beautiful. Firstly, he started a store called "cheap and friendly store". 

Because his Baozi is very very pleasing, many people went to his store. So that he is too having much to do to talk with the persons getting goods from store. So his person getting goods from store called him dog ignored. That's why "Gou Bu Li "is so greatly respected and so many people called it that until now. 

When Yuan shikai was a person doing teaching in army in Tian Jin. He gave this to queen Dowager Cixi, she is very happy and say:"Gou Bu Li baozi is so very pleasing that it is better that the animal’s meat in the mountain or the seafood in the sea, after I take it, I think I go back to a young person." After this Gou Bu Li baozi is more greatly respected than it used to.

In the 1920s, with the Tianjin advertisement inside middle moving south and moving closer to the land rights, Gao yougui not taken into account the buns store and moved to the Tianxiang market of tianjin But after this the business is not good for a long time and on the edge to shut down. After the groups of persons Republic of China be started. any private companies change quality of to Public - private the way of loving persons. On March 15, 1956, the Tianjin food company in the peaceful part of the shandong Road military building made strong against attack Park Ruizhuang place opened in tianjin Gou Bu Li baozi store, then, the Chinese leaders put on air of being more important than other person many times.

Gao You Gui is a ratio of 3 to 7 fat and fresh pork and even with the right amount of water, ribs soup and belly soup, and accompanied by sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger, diced green onions made into stuffing. The steamed buns will be half of the rubbing, after the release agent, roll into a diameter of 8.5 cm and thick uniform round skin. Pack with your fingers with a pinch and twist open, so there will be 18 pleats, looking like a flower, and finally steam the buns.

Do not use jam. Use mushroom and chicken or special flour to make sure the baozi is small and delicious. And so many people had learn the method of how to make baozi but his baozi never be surpassed.

In 1980, Gou Bu Li has the logo. In 1992 Gou Bu Li became the first one that have a logo. At present, the Gou Bu Li has been registered in the 11 international classification, service trademark in 1999 by the State Administration for Industry and Commerce Trademark Office identified as "China Famous Brand", which is the commercial value of its brand affirmed. 

In the 1980s, Gou Bu Li baozi began franchise chain operations. In 1980, Beijing Hua Tian Diet Group Company introduced the Gou Bu Li to Beijing. In 2004, the Gou Bu Li open a branch in Taiwan. There are now many branches in China. 

TV show: Legend of Gou Bu Li baozi

Knonau

Knonau is a municipality in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Artzenheim

Artzenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is 17 km of Colmar.

Tom Gilbey (designer)

Tom Gilbey (19 May 1938 – 24 May 2017) was a British fashion designer associated with Savile Row tailoring of the 1960s. He was born in London, England. His designs have featured in the Fashion Museum, Bath, and are in the collections of the Victoria & Albert Museum and the Museum of London.

Gilbey died of cancer on 24 May in London at the age of 79.

Mordechai Tzipori

Mordechai Tzipori, Hebrew: מרדכי צפורי‎‎ , born as "Mordechai Hankovich-Hendin", (September 15, 1924 – May 29, 2017) was an Israeli general and a politician of HaLikud.

Tzipori became a member of Irgun in 1939. From 1945 to 1948 the British detained him in Africa.

In 1948 he joined the Israel Defense Forces. He was educated as an officer and studied at Tel Aviv University.

In the 1960s Tzipori was commanding an armoured battalion, and later on the armor school. In 1971 he became deputy commander of the Armor Corps, in 1973 commander of Command and Staff, and in 1974 deputy head of operations in the general staff. In 1976 he left the army as a lieutenant general.

He entered the Knesset in 1977. From 1977 to 1981 he served also as deputy defense minister in the first and second Begin government, and from 1981 to 1984 also as Minister of Communications in the second Begin Government and the first Shamir Government. In 1984 he left politics.

Afterwards he led the National Insurance Institution.

Tzipori was born in Petah Tikva, Mandatory Palestine. He died at a medical center in Ramat Gan, Israel, at the age of 92.


Deaths in June 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Ramat Gan

Ramat Gan (; ) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Israel, located east of Tel Aviv. It is home to one of the world's major diamond exchanges, and many high-tech industries. The current mayor of the city is Carmel Shama. 

Ramat Gan was established in 1921 as a moshava, a communal farming settlement, and in 2015 it had a population of 152,596.


Molly Peters

Molly Peters (15 March 1942 – 30 May 2017) was an English actress and model. She was born in Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk, England. She was best known for her role in the James Bond movie "Thunderball" as Patricia Fearing. Her career lasted from 1964 through 1967.

Peters appeared in "Playboy", in the November 1965 issue. Her appearance was as part of a photo essay entitled "James Bond's Girls", by Richard Maibaum.

On 30 May 2017, Peters died at the age of 75 from complications of a stroke in London, England.

Dasari Narayana Rao

Dasari Narayana Rao (4 May 1942– 30 May 2017) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter, actor, politician, and lyricist. He was known for his works in Telugu cinema, and few Bollywood movies. He has directed more than one hundred and fifty feature movies of many genres. 

His works are known to be part of social injustice, corruption and gender discrimination. Rao has received two National Film Awards, nine state Nandi Awards including the Raghupathi Venkaiah Award, and four Filmfare Awards South including the life time Achievement. During his career he has also acted in Telugu, Tamil, and Kannada languages.


Lubomyr Husar

Lubomyr Husar MSU (Liubomyr Huzar; 26 February 1933 – 31 May 2017) was the major archbishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church, a minority church in Ukraine but the largest "sui juris" Eastern church in full communion with the Holy See. 

Husar was also a Cardinal of the Catholic Church. After the transfer of the see of Lviv to Kyiv in 2005, he was the Ukrainian Catholic Major Archbishop of Kyiv-Galicia. In February 2011 he became Major Archeparch Emeritus after he resigned due to ill health.

Husar died on 31 May 2017 following a long-illness in Kniazhychi, Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine at the age of 84.


Frédérick Leboyer

Frédérick Leboyer (November 1, 1918 – May 25, 2017) was a French obstetrician and author. He was best known for his 1974 book, "Birth Without Violence", which popularized gentle birthing techniques, in particular, the practice of immersing newborn infants in a small tub of warm water. This method is known as a "Leboyer bath".

Leboyer also advocated low lighting and noise in a warm room to limit the supposed shock of birth, and that a newborn be laid on its mother's stomach and allowed to bond, instead of being taken away for tests. 
Leboyer died on May 25, 2017 in Paris, at the age of 98.

Graham Webb

Graham Paul Webb (13 January 1944 – 28 May 2017) was an English racing cyclist. He became the world amateur road race champion in 1967. In response to a journalist's shouted comment that the last British amateur world road champion had been Dave Marsh 45 years earlier, Webb retorted: "And they'll have to wait another 45 years before another British rider wins." 

Webb died on 28 May 2017 in London at the age of 73.

Hans Gerschwiler

Hans Gerschwiler (born 21 June 1921) is a Swiss former figure skater. He is the 1948 Olympic silver medalist. He was born in Zürich, Switzerland. He made his international debut at the 1939 European Championships, where he placed 5th.

Gerschwiler won the 1947 World Figure Skating Championships and European Figure Skating Championships. He also won the silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz and came in second at the 1948 European Championships, both time finishing behind Dick Button.


Küsnacht

Küsnacht is a city in the canton of Zurich. It is in the district of Meilen.
Goldbach, Heslibach, Itschnach, Küsnachter Berg, Schmalzgrueb, Limberg, Wiserholz, Hohrüti, Wangen, Chalenstein (Kaltenstein) and Forch


Treblinka extermination camp

Treblinka was a Nazi death camp during World War II. It was in Poland, which was controlled by Germany at that time. The camp was in a forest northeast of Warsaw.

The goal of death camps like Treblinka was to kill millions of people as quickly as possible. Treblinka was open from July 23, 1942, to October 19, 1943, during Operation Reinhard, the deadliest part of The Holocaust. At Treblinka, the Nazis killed at least 700,000 and 900,000 Jewish people, and at least 2,000 Roma people. The Nazis killed more Jews at Treblinka than at any death camp other than Auschwitz.

Nazi officials opened Treblinka in November 1941 as a forced labor camp. The Nazis sent two groups of people to Treblinka to work as slaves:

However, they kept the Jews and Poles in separate parts of the camp.

Most of the prisoners at Treblinka worked in a gravel pit; in an irrigation area; or in the forest, where they cut wood to fuel the camp's cremation ovens. 

Between 1941 and 1944, more than 20,000 people were prisoners at Treblinka I. More than half of them died from hunger, disease, mistreatment, and summary executions (executions without a trial).

In July 1942, the Nazis finished building Treblinka II, a death camp, about a mile from the labor camp (Treblinka I). At this time in history, the Nazis were already killing people at two other death camps: Belzec and Sobibor.

The Nazis committed genocide at Treblinka until November 1943. They murdered up to 925,000 Jewish people at the camp. They killed many of them with carbon monoxide in gas chambers.

Most Jewish men who were sent to Treblinka were killed right away. However, a few were chosen to be its slave-labor units, called "Sonderkommando." When the Nazis murdered people in the gas chambers, they forced the "Sonderkommando" to bury the victims' bodies in mass graves. These bodies were exhumed in 1943 and cremated on large open-air pyres, along with the bodies of new victims. 

In early August 1943, the "Sonderkommando" revolted. Several Nazi guards were killed and about 200 prisoners escaped from the camp; almost a hundred survived the subsequent chase. Because of this, in October 1943, the Nazis stopped killing prisoners in Treblinka's gas chambers.

In late July 1944, Soviet troops were getting close to Treblinka. There were between 300 and 700 Jewish prisoners left at the camp. The Nazi guards shot them all. The Nazis then quickly destroyed the camp. Before running away, they built a farmhouse for a watchman and sloughed over the ground to try to hide the evidence of their genocide. Then they ran away from the camp.

During the last week of July 1944, Soviet troops arrived at Treblinka.


Nuwan Kulasekara

Nuwan Kulasekara is a Sri Lankan cricketer.He was born in Nittambuwa,Sri Lanka on July 22,1982.Kulasekara was once rated as the World's no 1 ODI bowler by the ICC in 2009He also has the ability to swing the balls in first few overs.


William Duborgh Jensen

William Duborgh Jensen (10 May 1935 – 24 May 2017) was a Norwegian fashion and costume designer. He was Norway's first "haute couturier" with his own collection in 1958. He later worked in television and movie as a costume designer.

He was appointed as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2006 for his efforts in fashion design.

William died on 24 May 2017 in Oslo at the age of 82.

Elena Verdugo

Elena Angela Verdugo (April 20, 1925 – May 30, 2017) was an American actress. She began in movies at the age of five in "Cavalier of the West" (1931). She had a starring role as a singer in 1957 musical comedy "Panama Sal". Her career in radio, television, and movie lasted from 1931 through 1985.

Verdugo was known for her role as Nurse Consuelo Lopez in the ABC series "Marcus Welby, M.D.", which ran from 1969 to 1976. In 1971-72, Verdugo was nominated for Emmy Awards in the Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in Drama category. Both nominations were for her performances on "Marcus Welby, M.D."

Verdugo has a star at 1709 Vine Street in the Television section of the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It was dedicated on February 8, 1960.

Verdugo was born in Paso Robles, California. She married Charles R. Marion from 1946 until they divorced in 1955. Then, she married Charles R. Rosewall from 1972 until his death in 2012. She had one child with Marion.

Verdugo died on May 30, 2017 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes at the age of 92.


Robert Young (actor)

Robert George Young (February 22, 1907 – July 21, 1998) was an American actor. He was best known for his leading roles as Jim Anderson, the father character in "Father Knows Best" (NBC and then CBS), and the physician Marcus Welby in "Marcus Welby, M.D." (ABC). 

Young has won three Emmy Awards (1957, 1958, 1970), a Golden Globe Award (1972) and a BAFTA Award (1979).

Young died of respiratory failure at his Westlake Village, California home on July 21, 1998 at the age of 91.


Robert M. Young

Robert Milton Young, usually known as Robert M. Young (born November 22, 1924) is an American screenwriter, director, cinematographer and producer. In 1985, he was a member of the jury at the 14th Moscow International Film Festival. 

Young has frequently cast Edward James Olmos in his movies, directing him in "Alambrista!" (1977), "Saving Grace" (1986), "Triumph of the Spirit" (1989), "Talent for the Game" (1991), "Roosters" (1993), "Slave of Dreams" (1995) and "Caught" (1996). He produced Olmos's directorial debut, "American Me" (1992).


Erode district

Erode district(formerly Periyar district) is a district in the Kongu Nadu region (western part) of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was the largest district by area in the state before the formation of Tiruppur district and the headquarters of the district is Erode. Periyar district was a part of Coimbatore District before its division into two on September 17, 1979 and was renamed as Erode District in 1996. As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,251,744 with a sex-ratio of 993 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.
Bhavani River rises in the Western Ghats of [Silent Valley National Park in Palakkad district of Kerala. It receives the Siruvani River which has the second tastiest water in the world, a perennial stream of Coimbatore District, and gets reinforced by the Kundah river before entering Erode District in Sathyamangalam.
Agriculture is the most important income source of the district. Paddy, plantain, silk, cotton, turmeric, coconut and sugarcane are some of the major products from agriculture and allied industries. With 43% share, the district is the top turmeric producer in Tamil Nadu. Erode is also known as "Turmeric city" as it is an important market center for turmeric. Erode district is also the leading producer of plantain, coconuts and white silk in Tamil Nadu.
The country's first automated silk reeling unit is located near Gobichettipalayam.In 2005, Bhavani Jamakkalam (Bhavani Bedsheets) was registered as a Geographical Indication by the Government of India.

Periyakulam

Periyakulam is a town and a municipality in the Theni district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of 2011, the population was 42,976. Periyakulam is one of the oldest town in Tamil Nadu carrying rich cultural heritage.


Gobichettipalayam

Gobichettipalayam is a town and municipality in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the second largest city and urban concentration in Erode district and is the administrative headquarters of Gobichettipalayam taluk. The town is administered by a municipality established in 1949. It is known as "Mini Kollywood" because of the movies produced there. This town has a population of 60,279 as of 2011. The population is mostly by the Kongu Vellalar community. There are a significant number of North Indians, Gurkhas, Malayalis, Uralis, Mudaliar, Vanniyar, Dalits, Nadar and Vettuva Gounders. As per the religious census of 2011, Gobichettipalayam had 90.3% Hindus, 7.1% Muslims, 2.5% Christians and 0.1% others.


Uncle Tom's Cabaña

Uncle Tom's Cabaña is a movie made by Tex Avery. It is a short cartoon. It was made in 1947.

Swish Swish

"Swish Swish" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It features a rap from American rapper Nicki Minaj. The song is from Perry's fifth studio album, "Witness". It talks about overcoming bullying and has sounds of house music throughout it. It was released in May 2017 as a promotional single with the pre-order of "Witness", but it was released later as an official single on May 19.

The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 46.

Perry and Minaj first performed the song on TV at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, which Perry hosted.

Critics have said that the song is about singer Taylor Swift. She and Perry have had a rivalry since 2013, when Swift accused Perry of "stealing" backup dancers on tour. Swift released the song "Bad Blood" in 2014, which was rumored to be about her feud with Perry. Perry has revealed that she is ready to move on from the feud.

The music video stars several celebrities, such as actor Terry Crews and Internet personality Christine Sydelko. The setting is a basketball game against the Tigers (Perry's team) and the Sheep. A contest was held to determine what fans would appear in the video. The video is over six minutes long.

Irina Popova

Popova Irina Fedorovna (; born September 28, 1961) is a Russian sinologist and historian, Doctor of Sciences (2000), Director of the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Saint-Petersburg (since April 2003), Head of the Department of Manuscripts and Documents of the IOM RAS, Full Professor in St Petersburg State University

Popova was a visiting scholar with the Center for Chinese Studies in Taipei (Taiwan), the Pennsylvania University (USA), School Nordic Institute of Asian Studies (Copenhagen, Denmark), Peking University (China).

Popova graduated in 1983 from the St Petersburg State University, Faculty of Asian and African Studies, Department of the History of Far East; completed her Ph.D. in 1989 at Russian Academy of Sciences, holds Doctor of Sciences degree in history (2000) from the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Subject of her Ph.D. thesis: “Rules for Emperors” (“Ti-fan”) by T'ang T'ai-tsung as a source on the Chinese Political Thought of the 7th century” (in Russian); subject of Doctoral thesis: “The Theory of the State Rulership in the Early T'ang China” (in Russian).

Chinese history and historiography; Dunhuang and Central Asian studies;
political thought, government and administrative system of pre-modern China; 
Tang studies; history of Oriental studies; textual research; bibliography.

Basing primarily on the documents of the Tang dynasty, Popova has contributed into the study of the imperial rulership in medieval China and into the study of the interinfluence of the political practice and imperial ideology in pre-modern China; she has introduced into the academic use the original documents from Dunhuang and Turfan, Chinese epigraphic texts, visual sources on the history of Qing dynasty, archival material on the history of Russian expeditions in Central Asia and history of the Oriental studies

200 articles, 5 monographs (3 in cooperation with other researchers) and 10 edited collections of articles

Head of the Editorial Board of the periodicals: “Pis’mennye pamiatniki Vostoka”, “Written Monuments of the Orient”, “Strany i narody Vostoka” (“Countries and Peoples of Orient”), “Tulufan janjiu”, “Minzu guji yanjiu”, “Zhongguo lishi gudai wenxian” (China), “Studia Orientalia Slovaca” (University of Bratislava, Slovakia), “Shygys-Orient” (Kazakhstan); Deputy Head of the Editorial Board of the academic series “Pamiatniki pismennosti Vostoka’ (Written Monuments in the Oriental Scripts)

2013 – St Petersburg City Government Prize in science and engineering (Prize 
in philology named after S.F. Oldenburg);
2016 – Honorary rank “Yangzi Scholar” 长江学者by Ministry 
of Education of China.
Honorary Professor of Lanzhou University (China), Ningxia University (China), Shandong
University (China), Minzu University of China (Beijing, China), Shaanxi Normal
University (Xi'an, China); honorary doctor of the Institute of History of the Academy of Social Sciences of China

Roy Barraclough

Roy Barraclough, MBE (12 July 1935 – 1 June 2017) was an English comic actor. He was best known for his role as Alec Gilroy in the long-running British TV soap "Coronation Street", and for the double-act Cissie and Ada with comedian Les Dawson.

In the 2006 New Year Honours, Barraclough was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for services to drama and to charity in the North West. He was the recipient of three "Manchester Evening News" Theatre Awards including the Reader's Award, a "Liverpool Echo" Theatre Award and a Royal Television Society Award.

Barraclough died aged 81, at the Willow Wood Hospice in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, on 1 June 2017, after a short illness.


Alois Mock

Alois Mock (10 June 1934 – 1 June 2017) was a politician. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). He was Vice Chancellor of Austria from 1987 to 1989. As foreign minister, from 1987 through 1995, he helped take Austria into the European Union.

Mock died on 1 June 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 82.


Nara

Nara, Na-ra or NARA may refer to:




Studio B Productions

Studio B Productions was a Canadian animation studio united by DHX Media and founded as DHX Media in 1988. In 1993, it was joined forces with Magnet Productions due to the fact Gullah Gullah Island had that logo the next year. Three years before, it was joined with Tooniverse, which turned into Tooniverse Songs then. When it joined forces with Moonscoop, it turned into WildBrain. For Kid vs. Kat

Dub of Scotland

Dub mac Maíl Choluim (Modern Gaelic: "Dub mac Mhaoil Chaluim"; 20 May 928 — 10 July 967) nicknamed the Vehement (Scottish Gaelic: "a' Chaisteil") or the Black (Scottish Gaelic: "an Dubh") was the King of Scotland from 962 to 967. He was the son of Malcolm I of Scotland and Bethoc. He succeded his first cousin twice removed Indulf, the Scottish king who succeeded his father.

On 1 July 962, King Indulf was killed at the Battle of Bauds while trying to kick off Viking invaders from Scotland. As the son and heir of Indulf's predecessor, Malcolm I, Dub ascended to the throne instead of Indulf's son and heir, Culen. When Dub first realized that he is now king, he was overjoyed as he had been waiting eight years for this.

Since Indulf had many success at the Battle of Bauds, Dub's first act as king was to continue the battle. He actively fought in the battle and won against the Vikings. Next Dub wanted to expand stabilize, and make the kingdom more powerful. In 963, he built many towns for the poor people and would bring peace, stability, and prosperity to the Scottish people. All of this made him very popular and effective.

Dub then planned to reform the country and improve relations with England in 967. However, Dub was assassinated by a Scottish nobleman in Forres, Moray in July of the same year. It is exactly unclear who murdered Dub and why but it was said that the person who murdered Dub was a supporter of Culen, the son of the deceased Indulf. Culen then succeded to the throne.

Dub's body was not found until six days later on 10 July 967 where someone found his dead body under the bridge of Kinloss, around 4km from Forres, where Dub was killed. His body was taken on a bier to Iona where he was buried in Iona Abbey. Dub left behind one son, Cináeda, who would become the King of Scotland in 997 as Kenenth III after he killed King Constantine III, who was the son of Culen, Dub's successor.

He died in 967, leaving behind 2 children. His burial place has been lost and no one knows the exact place of his burial although it was most likely in 967 just after his death and in Iona, Scotland.

Roberto De Vicenzo

Roberto De Vicenzo (14 April 1923 – 1 June 2017) was an Argentine professional golfer. He won more than 230 tournaments worldwide in his career including eight on the PGA Tour and most famously the 1967 Open Championship. He was born in Villa Ballester, Argentina.

De Vicenzo died on 1 June 2017 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 94.


Peter Thomson (golfer)

Peter William Thomson AO, CBE (23 August 1929 – 20 June 2018) was an Australian golfer. He was best remembered for his five wins in The Open Championship.

Thomson was born in Brunswick, a northern suburb of Melbourne, Australia. His Open Championship wins came in 1954, 1955, 1956, 1958, and 1965. He was the only man to win the tournament for three consecutive years in the 20th century. Thomson died in Melbourne on 20 June 2018 from Parkinson's disease, aged 88.


Doug Ford (golfer)

Douglas Michael Ford, Sr. born Fortunato (August 6, 1922 – May 14, 2018) was an American professional golfer and two-time major golf champion.

Ford's first major was the 1955 PGA Championship. Ford was that season's PGA Player of the Year. 

Ford played on four Ryder Cup teams: 1955, 1957, 1959, and 1961. He was inducted into the Connecticut Golf Hall of Fame in 1972. He was inducted into the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in 1992. Ford was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2010 and was inducted in May 2011.

Ford died May 14, 2018 at the age of 95.

1977 Chicago Loop derailment

The 1977 Chicago Loop derailment occurred on Friday February 4, 1977, when a Chicago Transit Authority elevated train rear-ended another on the northeast corner of the Chicago Loop at Wabash Avenue and Lake Street during the evening rush hour.

The collision forced the first four cars of the rear train off the elevated tracks, killing 11 people and injuring over 180 as the cars fell onto the street below.

Michael A'Hearn

Michael Francis A'Hearn (November 17, 1940 – May 29, 2017) was an American astronomer and astronomy professor at the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences. He was also the principal investigator for NASA's EPOXI mission.


Ervin E. Dupper

Ervin Emil Dupper (January 8, 1923 – May 28, 2017) was an American politician. He was a member of the South Dakota State Senate from 1965 to 1968. He represented the 21st and 23rd districts. He served a brief stint as State Attorney of Walworth County in 1955 to 1956 prior to his election to the state senate. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Dupper was born in Herreid, South Dakota. He studied at the University of Oregon where he earned a bachelor's degree in political science, and then attended the University of South Dakota for a law degree. 

Dupper died at a hospital in Rapid City, South Dakota from a short-illness, aged 94.

O'Hare station train crash

On March 24, 2014, a Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) Blue Line passenger train overran the bumper at the station at the O'Hare International Airport, injuring 34 people. The accident caused $11,196,796 in damage.

A spokesman stated that it was likely that the train entered the station at too high a speed. It was later estimated that the train entered the station at , which was not an excessive speed. At least 50 firefighters and paramedics attended the accident.

The derailed train was removed from the station on March 27, 2014, three days after the accident. The station reopened on March 30, 2014. The escalator damaged in the crash was replaced by stairs.

The cause of the accident was that the train operator, 25-year-old Brittney Tysheka Haywood, fell asleep at the controls. She lost her job as a result of the crash. 

As a direct consequence of the accident, the CTA reduced the speed limit into the O'Hare station from to . The area of the speed limit was also extended away from the station.

Andersonville National Historic Site

The Andersonville National Historic Site is the site of the American Civil War prisoner of war camp Camp Sumter (also known as Andersonville Prison). Andersonville was a Confederate prisoner-of-war-camp during the last 12 months of the Civil War.

The site is near Andersonville, Georgia. Most of the site lies in southwestern Macon County. Along with the former prisoner, the Andersonville National Cemetery and the National Prisoner of War Museum are also at the Andersonville National Historic Site.

12,920 Union Army prisoners died. This was over one out of every four prisoners at Andersonville. 

The camp was overcrowded with four times as many prisoners as it was designed to hold. There was not enough water, food, or sanitation. About 45,000 Union prisoners were held at Camp Sumter during the war; nearly 13,000 (nearly 3 in every 10) died. The most common causes of death were scurvy, diarrhea, and dysentery.

During the Civil War, Confederate Captain Henry Wirz ran Andersonville. After the war, he was tried and found guilty of war crimes and executed. 

Metra

Metra is a commuter railroad in the Chicago city area. The railroad operates 241 stations on 11 different rail lines. It is the fourth busiest commuter rail system in the United States by ridership and the largest and busiest commuter rail system outside the New York City area. There were 83.4 million passenger rides in 2014, up 1.3% from the previous year.

The estimated busiest day for Metra ridership occurred on Nov. 4, 2016—the day of the Chicago Cubs 2016 World Series victory rally.

Jabuticaba

Jabuticaba ("Plinia cauliflora"), also known as Brazilian grapetree or jaboticaba, is a tree in the family Myrtaceae, native to Brazil. It is unusual in that it appears to blossom right out of the bark and trunk of its tree. The tree may even look covered in purple warts or pimples when it is fully in season. It is often used in its native lands in South America much like grapes are used elsewhere.

Jabuticaba fruit looks like thick-skinned deep-purple grapes. Inside the pink or white sweet fleshy fruit. Embedded in the pulpy flesh are several large seeds. The fruit is typically eaten fresh or made into tarts, jams or wines and liqueurs.

Jack McCloskey

John William "Jack" McCloskey (October 19, 1925 – June 1, 2017) was an American basketball player, coach and executive. He played for the Philadelphia Warriors for one season in 1953. McCloskey coached the Portland Trail Blazers from 1972 through 1974. After coaching, he became general manager for the Minnesota Timberwolves and for the Detroit Pistons. He was born in Mahoney City, Pennsylvania.

McCloskey died from complications of Alzheimer's disease on June 1, 2017 at his home in Savannah, Georgia, aged 91.


Great Falls, Montana

Great Falls is a city in west-central Montana. It is the county seat of Cascade County. The 2020 census put the population at 60,442 people.

Great Falls takes its name from the series of five waterfalls close together along the upper Missouri River. It is home to the C. M. Russell Museum Complex, the University of Providence, and Great Falls College.Near the town is Malmstrom Air Force Base.


R. James Harvey

R. James Harvey (born Roland James Harvey; July 4, 1922 – July 20, 2019), also known as James Harvey; was an American politician and judge. He was a member of the Republican Party. 

Harvey was born in Iron Mountain, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan Law School. 

Harvey first served as Mayor of Saginaw, Michigan from 1957 through 1959. From 1961 through 1974, Harvey served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan's 8th congressional district. 

In 1974, he was nominated to serve as Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan by Richard Nixon. He would retire from this court in 1984 to serve as Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan after being promoted by President Ronald Reagan. Harvey officially retired from politics and law in 2002. 

Harvey died at his home in Naples, Florida on July 20, 2019 at the age of 97.


J. B. Dauda

Joseph Bandabla Dauda (24 December 1942 – 1 June 2017) widely known as J. B Dauda, was a Sierra Leonean politician and economist. He was born in Kenema District, Sierra Leone. He was a member of the All People's Congress.

Dauda served as a member of the Parliament of Sierra Leone for Kenema from 1986 through 1992. Dauda served as Second Vice-President from 1991 until he was overthrown in 1992. He returned to politics by serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2010 through 2012.

Dauda died at a hospital in Accra, Ghana from a long-illness on the morning of 1 June 2017 at the age of 74.



Lindau

Lindau (formerly "Lindau im Bodensee"; ; or "Lindou"/"Linda") is a major town and island on the eastern side of Lake Constance ("Bodensee") in Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of the rural district ("Landkreis") of Lindau and is near the borders of the Austrian state of Vorarlberg and the Swiss cantons of St. Gallen and Thurgau. As of 31 December 2018, 25,490 people lived there.

Singen (Hohentwiel)

Singen (Hohentwiel) is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the border to Switzerland.


Taiwan Pride

Taiwan Pride is the yearly gay pride parade in Taiwan (officially the "Republic of China"). The parade was first held in 2003. It is in the capital city of Taipei. It is the largest gay pride parade in Asia.

Aspach, Haut-Rhin

Aspach is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Education in India

Elementary education is provided by the government for children ages 6-14. After 14, families are required to pay for their children’s private school. Because of India’s massive population, high-paying jobs are very competitive and leave many unemployed.

Aspach-le-Haut

Aspach-le-Haut is a former commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aspach-Michelbach.

Aspach-le-Bas

Aspach-le-Bas is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Attenschwiller

Attenschwiller is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Aubure

Aubure is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Baldersheim

Baldersheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Balgau

Balgau is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Kyburg, Switzerland

Kyburg was a municipality of the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Kyburg merged into the municipality of Illnau-Effretikon.

Billikon, Brünggen, Ettenhusen, Mülau, Neu-Brünggen and Seemerrüti.


Sharifuddin Pirzada

Syed Sharifuddin Pirzada () NI (12 June 1923 – 2 June 2017) was a noted Pakistani lawyer, served as a senior advocate at the Supreme Court of Pakistan. 

Pirzada was a well known lawyer in Pakistan and internationally. He served as Attorney General of Pakistan from 1965 to 1966 and again from 1968 to 1971. He was the youngest person ever to be appointed to that post and the longest serving. From 1966 to 1968, he served as Foreign Minister of Pakistan. 

Pirzada was a member of the United Nations Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities (1972–1979) and served as Chairman from 1977 to 1978. 

Pirzada died on 2 June 2017 at a medical center in Karachi, aged 93.


Jeffrey Tate

Sir Jeffrey Philip Tate CBE (28 April 1943 – 2 June 2017) was an English conductor. 

Tate was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire. He suffered from spina bifida since birth. He was raised in Farnham, Surrey. He studied at Cambridge University and at Christ's College, Cambridge.

Tate's international conducting début was with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in 1979. In 1985, he was appointed the first principal conductor of the English Chamber Orchestra. He was named to the position of principal conductor of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden effective in September 1986, the first person in the House's history to have that title. He was principal conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra from 1991 to 1995. In 2005, he was appointed music director of the San Carlo Theatre of Naples, and served in the post through 2010.

Tate was openly gay. He was partners with German doctor Klaus Kuhlemann until his death in 2017. Tate was created a Knight Bachelor in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to British music overseas.

Tate died of a heart attack while performing at a concert in Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy on 2 June 2017 at the age of 74.


Langnau am Albis

Langnau am Albis is a municipality in the district Horgen in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Laufen-Uhwiesen

Laufen-Uhwiesen is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Tuttlingen

Tuttlingen is a town in southern Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Tuttlingen. "Nendingen", "Möhringen" and "Eßlingen" are three former municipalities that belong to Tuttlingen. The district ("Kreis") includes many surrounding towns including Trossingen, Spaichingen, and Mühlheim an der Donau. It is in Swabia east of the Black Forest region in the Swabian Alps.


Bío Bío Province

The Bío Bío Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). The provincial capital is the city of Los Ángeles.

The Bío Bío province is in the southeast of the Bío Bío region with an area of . It is the only province of the region that is not along the coast. The capital, Los Ángeles, is to the southeast of Concepción, the capital of the region.

Bío Bío is bordered to the north by the Ñuble province, to the west by the Concepción province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Araucanía region and to the southwest by the Arauco province

The main river that flows through the province is the Bío Bío.

The climate of Los Ángeles is a Mediterranean climate, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Los Ángeles is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Los Ángeles is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

 (last national census), there were 353,315 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 245,775 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province, in 2002, is its capital, Los Ángeles, with 117,972 inhabitants. Other cities are Mulchén (21,819 inhabitants) and Nacimiento (20,884 inhabitants).

As a province, Bío Bío is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 14 communes ("comunas"). The city of Los Ángeles serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Pradal serey

Pradal Serey or Khmer kickboxing is a martial arts of the Khmer people in Cambodia. It is used by people as self-defense and as a sport. In pradal serey, people use punches, kicks, elbow attacks and knee attacks. Clinching is also used when people battle for dominant position so they can have the perfect opportunity to land an attack. Pushing and grabbing the opponent's upper body is common in clinching. There is a lot of strategy in clinching. It is also common to grab an opponent's leg to defend against a kick.

Pradal serey has matches in a boxing ring. There are 5 rounds of 3 minutes each. There is a 2 minute break between each round. A competitor can win in three ways. The referee can stop the match with a TKO when the opponent can not fight anymore. A competitor can knock out their opponent unconscious and win the match. A competitor can also win by points scored. A draw is called if both people have the same amount of points. Few matches last all five rounds. A competitor is not allowed to attack an opponent when they are on the ground or when their back is facing the competitor. Traditional music is played before and during the match. Before the match, both competitors perform a ritual dance and prayer to warm up. Each competitor wears boxing gloves and shorts. No shoes are allowed.

Matches are hosted by TV stations. Each TV station have their own arena and event. Some of the TV station that host matches are CTN, TV5 and Bayon. TV stations are responsible for any injuries during matches.

Training for pradal serey is very tough. People who train have to be strong and athletic. It is also important to become flexible to use high kicks. Most people who compete professionally are young.


Woody Town Chūō Station

Woody Town Chūō Station (ウッディタウン中央駅, ウッディタウンちゅうおうえき) is a railway station of Kobe Electric Railway in Sanda, Hyōgo, Japan. Chūō means Central in Japanese.


Jack O'Neill (businessman)

Jack O'Neill (March 27, 1923 – June 2, 2017) was an American businessman and surfer. In 1952 he founded the O'Neill brand while opening one of California's first surf shops in a garage on the Great Highway in San Francisco. He was known for creating the wetsuit, an average swimwear used by surfers. He was born in Denver, Colorado.

O'Neill died at the age of 94 on June 2, 2017 at his home in Santa Cruz, California from congestive heart failure.


Sonja Sutter

Sonja Sutter (17 January 1931 – 1 June 2017) was a German movie and television actress. She was one of the few actors that was allowed to appear in productions in both East and West Germany. She was born in Freiburg, Germany.

Sutter was remembered for her role as Fraulein Rottenmeier in the German TV series "Heidi" and for her several roles in the TV series "Derrick" from 1983 to 1998.

Sutter died on 1 June 2017 in Baden bei Wien, Austria at the age of 86.

Nithya Menen

Nithya Menen is an Indian film actress and playback singer. She has acted in Kannada, Malayalam, Telugu and Tamil films. She won 2 Filmfare Awards for the Telugu films "Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde" and "Malli Malli Idi Rani Roju".

Iakovos Garmatis

Metropolitan Iakovos of Chicago (Michael Garmatis; April 4, 1928 – June 2, 2017) was a Greek Eastern Orthodox Christianity religious official and theologian. He was born in Athens, Greece. He served as Metropolitan of Chicago under Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople from 1997 until his death in 2017.

Garmatis died on June 2, 2017 at a hospital in Chicago, Illinois following surgical complications at the age of 89.


Harry Reasoner

Harry Truman Reasoner (April 17, 1923 – August 6, 1991) was an American journalist for ABC and CBS News. He was known for his use of language as a television commentator, and as a founder of the "60 Minutes" program.

Over the course of his career, Reasoner won three Emmy Awards and a George Foster Peabody Award in 1967. 

Reasoner was born in Dakota City, Iowa. He was raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He studied at Stanford University and the University of Minnesota. He served in World War II. 

In 1946, Reasoner married Kathleen Carroll. They divorced in 1981. In 1988, he married Lois Harriett Weber. Their marriage would last until Reasoner's death in 1991. Reasoner had seven children.

Reasoner died on August 6, 1991 from a blood clot in the brain after falling at his home in Westport, Connecticut, aged 68.


George Foster Peabody

George Foster Peabody (July 27, 1852 – March 4, 1938) was an American banker and philanthropist.

Peabody retired from business in 1906 to pursue a life of public service. Long interested in social causes, he supported such progressive ideas as the single tax as advocated by Henry George in his book "Progress and Poverty", free trade, women's suffrage and government ownership of railroads. He was also active in the anti-war movement.

Perhaps Peabody's best-known legacy is the George Foster Peabody Awards, presented annually since 1941 by the University of Georgia's Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication for excellence in radio, and, since 1948

Peabody died on March 4, 1938 at his home in Warm Springs, Georgia at the age of 85.


James E. Gunn

James Edwin Gunn (July 12, 1923 – December 23, 2020) was an American science fiction writer, editor, scholar, and anthologist. His work as an editor of anthologies includes the six-volume "Road to Science Fiction" series.

Gunn won the Hugo Award for "Best Related Work" in 1983 and he has won or been nominated for several other awards for his non-fiction works in the field of science fiction studies. The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America made him its 24th Grand Master in 2007 and he was inducted by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame in 2015.

Gunn was a professor emeritus of English, and the founding director of the Center for the Study of Science Fiction, both at the University of Kansas.

Gunn died in Lawrence, Kansas on the morning of December 23, 2020, at age 97.


Richard Pipes

Richard Edgar Pipes (July 11, 1923 – May 17, 2018) was a Polish-American academic. His works were about Russian history, especially relating to the Soviet Union. He held strong anti-communist points of view throughout his career.

In 1976 he headed Team B, a team of analysts organized by the Central Intelligence Agency who analyzed the strategic capacities and goals of the Soviet military and political leadership. Pipes is the father of American historian and expert on American foreign policy and the Middle East, Daniel Pipes.

Pipes was born to a Jewish family in Cieszyn, Poland, which fled the country as refugees after it was invaded by Nazi Germany. Settling in the United States in 1940, he became a naturalized citizen in 1943 while serving in the United States Army Air Corps.
From 1958 to 1996, Pipes worked at Harvard University.

He was a member of the advisory council of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation.

Pipes died in Belmont, Massachusetts on May 17, 2018 at the age of 94.



Walter Brenner

Walter Brenner (July 21, 1923 – December 6, 2017) was an Austrian-born American professor of chemical engineering, inventor, and author of patents, technical papers, magazine articles, and books. 

Brenner is thought as having pioneered the development of high energy ionizing radiation for polymers to be used for industrial, aerospace, medical, and consumer applications.

1931 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1931 Stanley Cup finals was between the Chicago Blackhawks and the Montreal Canadiens. In the first game the Canadiens beat the Black hawks 2-1. In game two it was a 1-1 tie when in a second over time but then Johnny Gottselig scored for the Black hawks and won it 2-1. In game three in Montreal it was 2-2 until the 3rd overtime when Wentworth scored and the Blackhawks had a 2-1 series lead. In game four the Canadiens beat Chicago 4-2 and tied the series 2-2. Then the Canadieans beat the Black hawks 2-0 and won the series would take the Stanley Cup.

List of kings of Dál Riata

This is a list of monarchs who ruled Dalriada or Dál Riata, most reigns we are unsure of, so some reigns will be represented by their death and next to that a possible reign. All reigns from 726 are most likely true except Alpín I, Eógan and Indrechtach which we do not know the reign of.



Dalriada was ruled by possibly Pictish kings from 736-750, no kings are known during this period (after 741). There is also a possibility that it was a puppet state of Pictland ruled by some Pictish lords.


No-one knows the kings who rules Dalriada from the year 792-805 although Causatantín could have ruled during this time when he was king of the Picts.



Pre-Loarn kings of Dál Riata

These are kings of Dalriada or Dál Riata prior to the reign of Loarn (5th century). These reigns cannot be 100% confirmed as true but most likely were the reigns of these kings, the list begins with Eochaid Cairbre ("Haughey the Charioteer"), possibly king.


Note: the queens may have never reigned but were just married to the king.

Horb am Neckar

Horb am Neckar is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the Neckar river, between Offenburg to the west and Tübingen to the east . About 25,000 people live there.


Gröde

Gröde or Gröde-Appelland (, North Frisian "Groue", Low German "Grööd") is an island and municipality in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Only 9 people live on the island. This is the smallest population of any municipality in Germany. The people of the island make a living from tourism and limited agriculture. Gröde has the smallest electoral district in the country. The tally is reported almost immediately after polls close.

Gröde belongs to the Amt division of Pellworm. Its seat is on the larger island of Pellworm.

Aldingen

Aldingen is a municipality of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Mahlstetten

Mahlstetten is a municipality of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is about north of Tuttlingen.

Lindau, Switzerland

Lindau is a municipality in the district Pfäffikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Lufingen

Lufingen is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

List of legendary Pictish monarchs

These kings are of the Picts from the year 822 BC until 312 CE, these monarchs are legendary especially seen with Gil Gidi who ruled for 150 years which is impossible. All of these are legendary. For real kings of the Picts see List of Pictish kings which continues this list from 312 AD.



Männedorf

Männedorf (Zurich German: "Mänidorf") is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


List of rulers of Wales

This is a list of Welsh rulers from 825 until 1282 when Wales was incorporated into England and then rulers from 1282 until 1707 of English Wales. These rulers were primarily prince of Wales but ruled the majority of Wales beginning in 825 which is where this list begins and the fact that in 825 England occupied land now in Wales as part of the English kingdoms (see Heptarchy)













Technically Wales didn't become a country and remained part of England until 1998 until the act of Devolution in 1998 making it it's own country although remaining part of the United Kingdom.

Kings of the British Isles





Kirchhain

Kirchhain is a town in Hesse, Germany.

Marthalen

Marthalen is a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Valentines (EP)

Valentines is the second EP by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, released by Columbia Records in the United States on January 1, 2000. It is a limited edition CD and the first Carey record in the U.S. to feature "Theme from "Mahogany" (Do You Know Where You're Going To)", a Diana Ross cover that was released as a bonus track on non-U.S. copies of both Carey's compilation album "#1's" (1998) and seventh studio album "Rainbow" (1999).


Early Winter

"Early Winter" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her second solo studio album, "The Sweet Escape" (2006). Written by Stefani and English pianist Tim Rice-Oxley, the song was released in Europe as the album's fifth and final single on January 18, 2008 by Interscope Records.

The music video for "Early Winter" was directed by Stefani's frequent collaborator Sophie Muller, who had previously directed the music videos of "Cool" and "Wind It Up".

The Way I Are

"The Way I Are" is a song by American record producer Timbaland from his second album, "Shock Value". The song was released on July 3, 2007. It features R&B singer Keri Hilson. The song topped the charts in countries like Australia, Canada, the UK, Norway, and Denmark, while it reached the top three in the U.S. It managed to reach number one on the "Billboard" Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs airplay chart. It has been certified triple-platinum in the U.S. for sales and shipments of over three million copies.

At the end of 2007, the song ranked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100.

UK CD single

Steve Aoki Pimpin Remix

Kaulaulaokalani

Kaulaulaokalani (Ka-ʻulaʻula-o-kalani) was a Hawaiian nobleman, who lived on the island of Oahu. He was the High Chief of Koʻolau. Part of his name — "o ka lani" — means "one of the sky". He was a ruler of Koʻolau, while his relatives Lakona and Maelo ruled over other parts of the island.

He was a son of the Chief Kawalewaleoku and his wife Unaʻula and he succeeded his father, who was considered a deity. Kaulaulaokalani's wife was called Kalua-i-Olowalu, and they had a daughter, Kaimihauoku, who ruled over Koʻolau after her father's death. A grandson of Kaulaulaokalani's was Moku-o-Loe.


Alpin II of Dalriada

Alpin II was a king of Dalriada and the father of Kenneth & Donald MacAlpin, his name was Aílpin mac Echdach in Gaelic, he ruled as king of Dalriada in 834 and some even say he was king of Scots although his son was the first to be king of Scots in 843/848. He was born in 778 and died July 20th 834 fighting the Picts in Galloway, after his death Kenneth MacAlpin became king of Dalriada but many others claimed the throne and he also become king of Pictland with the same happening there. He was buried later in July 834 in Galloway.

Sialkot

Sialkot is a city in Punjab, Pakistan. In 2016 about 920,000 people lived here. This makes Sialkot the 12th largest city in Pakistan.

Sialkot is also called the "City of Iqbal". This is because Allama Iqbal was born here.

The city has a strong economy. They are responsible for 10% of all Pakistani exports. They are the world's largest maker of hand-sewn footballs. The 2014 FIFA World Cup's footballs were made by Forward Sports, a company based in Sialkot.

It is home to the Sialkot International Airport, Pakistan's first privately owned public airport



Brigach

The Brigach is a river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

José Greci

José Greci (10 January 1941 – 1 June 2017) was an Italian movie, television and stage actress. She made her movie debut in 1959, playing the Virgin Mary in William Wyler's "Ben-Hur".

Greci studied at Silvio D'Amico National Academy of Dramatic Art.

Greci died in Rome, Italy on 1 June 2017, aged 76.

Gordon Christian

Gordon Eugene "Gordy" Christian (November 21, 1927 – June 2, 2017) was an American ice hockey player. He played with the University of North Dakota from 1947 to 1950. He was a member of the silver medal-winning 1956 United States Olympic ice hockey team. He was born in Warroad, Minnesota.

His brothers were 1960 hockey gold medalists Bill Christian and Roger Christian and his nephew was 1980 gold medalist Dave Christian.

Christian died on June 2, 2017 in Grand Forks, North Dakota at the age of 89.


June 2017 London Bridge attack

On 3 June 2017, starting at 21:58 British Summer Time (UTC+1), three people carried out a terrorist attack in two locations in central London. The attack began when a white van rammed pedestrians on London Bridge. The van drove on and stopped south of the bridge. Three men left the van and ran to Borough Market, where stabbing attacks took place in restaurants. One witness reported that the attackers shouted "This is for Allah" and stabbed customers with knives.

Ten people (including three attackers) were killed and 48 injured in the attack. Three suspects wearing fake explosive vests were shot dead by police.

The Metropolitan Police declared the London Bridge and Borough Market attacks to be "terrorist incidents".

On 4 June, the Home Secretary Amber Rudd said, "We are confident about the fact that they were radical Islamic terrorists, the way they were inspired, and we need to find out more about where this radicalisation came from." On 5 June, two of the attackers were identified as Khuram Shazad Butt and Rachid Redouane. The third of the three attackers, Youssef Zaghba was identified the following day.


David Choby

David Raymond Choby (January 17, 1947 – June 3, 2017) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 11th Bishop of Nashville, having served as Diocesan Administrator (2004–2006). He was born in Nashville, Tennessee.

Choby died at the age of 70 on June 3, 2017 in Nashville, Tennessee after suffering from an infection caused by a fall.


Niels Helveg Petersen

Niels Lolk Helveg Petersen (; informally Niels Helveg; 17 January 1939 – 3 June 2017) was a Danish politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1993 to 2000, having held the role of Minister for Economic Affairs between 1988 and 1990. He was a Member of Parliament (Folketinget) for the Danish Social Liberal Party from 1966 to 1974, 1977 to 1993, and again from 1994 to 2011.

Petersen died on 3 June 2017 from esophageal cancer in Copenhagen, Denmark at the age of 78.


John K. Watts

John Albert Watts (later known as John K. Watts, 21 January 1937 – 3 June 2017) was an Australian rules football player and radio broadcaster and television personality. He was born in East Perth, Western Australia.

After the 1962 season had finished with East Perth Football Club, John received many good offers from the then Victorian Football League (now Australian Football League) clubs of St Kilda, Essendon, and Geelong. He went on to play for Geelong Football Club from 1963 until 1965 including their 1963 Premiership win over the Hawthorn Football Club. He retired in 1968. Watts later went on to actually own several of Perth's top radio stations and hotels.

In March 2008 he was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame.

Watts was diagnosed with bone cancer in 2011. He died from the disease on 3 June 2017 at the age of 80.


Juan Goytisolo

Juan Goytisolo Gay (5 January 1931 – 4 June 2017) was a Spanish poet, essayist, and novelist. He lived in Marrakech from 1997 until his death in 2017. He was considered Spain's greatest living writer at the beginning of the 21st century, yet he lived abroad since the 1950s.

His younger brother was writer and political prisoner Luis Goytisolo.

Goytisolo was bisexual. He was married to screenwriter Monique Lange until her death in 1996.

On 24 of November of 2014 he was granted the Miguel de Cervantes Prize, the most prestigious literary award in the Spanish-speaking world.

Goytisolo died on 4 June 2017 at his Marrakech, Morocco home at the age of 86.


Maschwanden

Maschwanden is a municipality in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Maur, Switzerland

Maur is a municipality in the district of Uster in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Altstetten (Zürich)

Altstetten is a quarter in district 9 of the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Zürich.

Albisrieden

Albisrieden is a quarter in district 9 of the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1934 it was a municipality of its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

It has 17,226 people and its area is 4.6 km².

Jimmy Piersall

James Anthony "Jimmy" Piersall (November 14, 1929 – June 3, 2017) was an American baseball center fielder who played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for five teams, from 1950 through 1967. He played for Boston Red Sox (1950, 1952–1958), Cleveland Indians (1959–1961), Washington Senators (1962–1963), New York Mets (1963) and for the California Angels (1963–1967).

After baseball, Piersall became the broadcaster for the Chicago White Sox from 1977 through 1981.

Piersall was best known for his well-publicized battle with bipolar disorder that became the subject of the book and movie "Fear Strikes Out".

Piersall was born in Waterbury, Connecticut.

Piersall was selected to the American League All-Star team in 1954 and 1956. By the end of the 1956 season, in which he played all 156 games, he posted a league-leading 40 doubles, scored 91 runs, drove in 87, and had a .293 batting average. The following year, he hit 19 home runs and scored 103 runs.

Piersall moved to Chicago, Illinois in his later years. He died at under hospice carer in Wheaton, Illinois on June 3, 2017 from complications of a stroke at the age of 87.


One Love Manchester

One Love Manchester was a charity concert and British television program on 4 June 2017. The concert was set up by Ariana Grande. The event took place at the Old Trafford Cricket Ground in Old Trafford in Greater Manchester, England. It aired live on BBC One in the United Kingdom.

The concert was attended by over 50,000 people. Guest stars included Justin Bieber, the Black Eyed Peas, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus, Marcus Mumford, Niall Horan, Little Mix, Katy Perry, Take That, Imogen Heap, Pharrell Williams, Robbie Williams and Liam Gallagher.

Money from the event benefits the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund. The Emergency Fund was founded by Manchester City Council and the British Red Cross not long after the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing.


Bart Carlier

Anthonius Hubertus "Bart" Carlier (23 June 1929 – 4 May 2017) was a Dutch football player. He played eight seasons in France, winning league championships with AS Monaco in 1961 and 1963. Carlier appeared for the Dutch national team five times, scoring two goals.

Carlier died on 4 May 2017 in Strasbourg, France, aged 87.


Thomas James Kinsman

Thomas James Kinsman (March 4, 1945 – May 15, 2017) was a United States Army soldier. He was known for being the recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Vietnam War.

Kinsman died on May 15, 2017 in Toledo, Washington at the age of 72.

Leonhard Nagenrauft

Leonhard Nagenrauft (March 9, 1938 in Bischofswiesen – May 22, 2017 in Berchtesgaden) was a West German luger who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He won the silver medal in the men's singles event at the 1971 FIL World Luge Championships in Olang, Italy.

Nagenrauft also won two medals in the men's singles event at the FIL European Luge Championships with a gold in 1967 and a bronze in 1972.

Nagenrauft also competed in two Winter Olympics, earning his best finish of fifth in the men's singles event at Sapporo in 1972.

Nagenrauft died on May 22, 2017 at the age of 79.


Gordon Brunton

Sir Gordon Charles Brunton (27 December 1921 – 30 May 2017) was a British businessman, publisher, racehorse owner and breeder. He was born in London.

Brunton served as Chief Executive of Thomson Newspapers & International Thomson Organisation Ltd (ITOL) Thomson Corporation from 1966-1984 during the Thomson period of global expansion. He retired from Thomson in 1985. Afterwards, he became chairman at Mercury Communications, Cable and Wireless Communications PLC, Racing Post, Bemrose PLC, NXT PLC, Galahad Gold and others.

Brunton died on 30 May 2017 in London at the age of 95.


Bern Nix

Bern Nix (September 21, 1947 – May 31, 2017) was an American jazz guitarist. He recorded and performed with Ornette Coleman from 1975-87, notably with guitarist Charlie Ellerbee in Coleman's Prime Time group on their key recordings, including "Dancing in Your Head" and "In All Languages" in 1987. Nix was voted among the top ten jazz guitarists poll by "Down Beat" magazine.

Nix died suddenly of a suspected heart attack at his New York City home on May 31, 2017, aged 69.

Chance the Rapper

Chancelor Bennett (born April 16, 1993), known professionally as Chance the Rapper, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer and actor.

Chancelor Jonathan Bennett was born to a middle-class family in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Jones College Prep High School.

Following a 10-day suspension in early 2011 during his senior year for possessing marijuana on campus, Bennett recorded his first full-length project, a mixtape titled "10 Day".

In 2013, Bennett began to gain recognition following the release of his second mixtape "Acid Rap". Apart from his solo career, he is also a member of the Chicago collective SaveMoney (along with frequent collaborator Vic Mensa), and has worked as the lead vocalist for the band The Social Experiment. They released the widely lauded album "Surf" in May 2015.

In May 2016, Chance released his third mixtape "Coloring Book". It earned him three Grammy Awards, including for Best Rap Album. "Coloring Book" was the first streaming-only album to ever receive and win multiple Grammy nominations ushering in a new era of streaming.

On March 6, 2017, after a bad meeting with Governor Bruce Rauner only days before, Bennett announced his plans to donate $1,000,000 to Chicago Public Schools in order to help offset the lack of government funding provided.

In July 2015, Bennett announced that he was expecting his first child with his girlfriend Kirsten Corley, who he began to date in 2013. In September 2015, Corley gave birth to their first child, a daughter named Kensli. In May 2016, after they had stopped living together, Corley wanted the courts to declare Bennett as the father of their daughter, requiring him to pay child support. 

In February 2017, Bennett's child support case reopened in an attempt to work out child support terms and a parenting schedule as Bennett and Corley moved to separate residences. On March 21, 2017, the dispute was settled out of court. Corley and Bennett reconciled. On July 4, 2018, they became engaged after 5 years together. The two married on March 9, 2019. Bennett is a Christian 16.9973.


Emeritus professor

Emeritus is the title given to a professor who is retired. The term is also used for other occupations, most notably clergy, and presidents. Professors who are emeriti no longer need to fulfill all of their functions (such as teaching at a university), but they may still do so. Pope Benedict XVI retired on 11 February 2013, and was the first pope to do this in recent history. Today, he is Pope Emeritus. Benedict XVI was a professor at the University of Regensburg.

Taliban insurgency

After the war in Afghanistan began in 2001, the Taliban started an insurgency, which is known as the Taliban insurgency. The Taliban started to attack the forces of ISAF and NATO, in Afghanistan, and committed many terrorist attacks. In the conflict, the Taliban fight against the Afghan government and its allies. Al-Qaeda is linked to the Taliban. With this, the conflict in the region spread to Pakistan. The related conflict in Pakistan is the insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

Because Afghanistan has seen a number of conflicts and wars in recent decades, its economy has changed, and many people depend on growing cash crops, such as poppy seeds which are used to produce illegal drugs such as opium, or heroin. Many people in Afghanistan do not think the problems are caused by the Taliban. Resolving the problem will therefore probably involve more effort than winning against the Taliban. It will also mean that there need to be changes in the economy, and the way in which the country is run.

Currently, Afghanistan is one of the biggest producers of opium. While opium also has its uses as a regular drug, it is mainly used as an illegal drug. In 2001, Afghanistan produced only 11% of the world's opium, today it produces over ninety percent. In 2007, 93% of the "non-pharmaceutical-grade" opiates on the world market originated in Afghanistan. This amounts to an export value of about $4 billion; opium farmers earn about a quarter of this amount, the rest goes to district officials, insurgents, warlords, and drug traffickers. The drug trade accounts for half of Afghanistan's GDP.
Estimates made in 2006 by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) estimate that 52% of the nation's GDP, or $2.7 billion annually, is generated by the drug trade.

Areas where the security situation is worse produce more Opium; areas that are more stable seem to produce less. Many farmers in rural areas depend on selling poppy seeds. Opium is more profitable than wheat and destroying opium fields could possibly lead to discontent or unrest among the affected population. Some 3.3 million Afghans are involved in producing opium. For this reason, some people say that eradicating poppy crops is not a viable option. Some poppy eradication programs have, however, proven effective, especially in the north of Afghanistan. The opium poppy eradication program of Balkh Governor Ustad Atta Mohammad Noor between 2005 and 2007 successfully reduced poppy cultivation in Balkh Province from 7,200 hectares in 2005 to zero by 2007.

The Afghanistan Opium Risk Assessment 2013, issued by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, suggests that the Taliban has since 2008 been supporting farmers growing poppy, as a source of income for the insurgency.

There have been wars and conflicts in Afghanistan for over thirty years. As a result, the country is among the poorest, and least developed countries in the world. It is also one of the most corrupt. Thirty-five percent of the poulation are unemployed, and more than half of the people live below the poverty line.

Western aid group Oxfam published an opinion poll they conducted in Afghanistan, in 2010. According to this poll, 83 percent of the Afghan population does not consider the Taliban to be militants. Poverty, unemployment and government corruption are seen as the main causes of war in their country. When the U.S.-backed Afghan forces ousted the Taliban in late 2001, the level of violence increased. Nearly half of those surveyed said corruption and bad government were the main reasons for the ongoing war. Twelve percent said the Taliban insurgency was to blame.After the Taliban, the reason most people gave for the continued fighting was foreign interference, with twenty-five percent of respondents saying other countries were to blame.

Since the start of 2006 Afghanistan has been facing a wave of attacks by improvised explosives and suicide bombers, particularly after NATO took command of the fight against insurgents in spring 2006.

Afghan President Hamid Karzai publicly condemned the methods used by the western powers. In June 2006 he said:

Insurgents were also criticized for their conduct. According to Human Rights Watch, bombing and other attacks on Afghan civilians by the Taliban (and to a lesser extent Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin), are reported to have "sharply escalated in 2006" with "at least 669 Afghan civilians were killed in at least 350 armed attacks, most of which appear to have been intentionally launched at civilians or civilian objects." 131 of insurgent attacks were suicide attacks which killed 212 civilians (732 wounded), 46 Afghan army and police members (101 wounded), and 12 foreign soldiers (63 wounded).

The United Nations estimated that for the first half of 2011, the civilian deaths rose by 15% and reached 1462, which is the worst death toll since the beginning of the war, despite the increase of foreign troops.

Fruitarianism

Fruitarianism is a diet where people mostly eat fruits, and possibly nuts and seeds, without animal products. Fruitarianism is a strict of dietary veganism.

Fruitarians can become a fruitarian for different reasons, including ethical, religious, environmental, cultural, economic, and health reasons. There are many types of the diet. Some people whose diet consists of 75% or more fruit consider themselves fruitarians.

Some fruitarians will eat only what comes naturally from a plant: foods that can be harvested without killing or harming the plant. These foods consist primarily of culinary fruits, nuts, and seeds.  Some do not eat grains, believing it is unnatural to. Some fruitarians feel that humans shouldn't to eat seeds as they contain future plants,or nuts and seeds, or any foods besides juicy fruits. Others believe they should eat only plants that spread seeds when the plant is eaten. Others eat seeds and some cooked foods. Some fruitarians use beans, peas, or other legumes. Other fruitarians' diets include raw fruits, dried fruits, nuts, honey and olive oil, or fruits, nuts, beans and chocolate.SO different fruitarians do different things.

Some fruitarians who hold Judeo-Christian beliefs hold that fruitarianism was the original diet of humankind in the form of Adam and Eve, based on the Book of Genesis. They believe that a return to an Eden-like paradise will require simple living a health and diet.  Another common motivation is the desire to eliminate perceived toxicity within the body. For others, the appeal of a fruitarian diet comes from the challenge that the restrictive nature of this diet provides.

Pteropoda

Pteropods are free-swimming pelagic sea snails and sea slugs. They are marine opisthobranch gastropods. 

Are they a natural group? The monophyly of Pteropoda is the subject of debate. At present, by molecular studies, the group is monophyletic.

Pteropoda has two clades Thecosomata, the sea butterflies, and Gymnosomata, the sea angels. The Thecosomata have a shell, while the Gymnosomata ("naked body") do not. The two clades may or may not be sister taxa. If not, their similarity may reflect adaptation to their particular lifestyle.

All are pelagic, small, and transparent, and swim using wing-like flaps (parapodia) which protrude from their bodies.


The name "sea slug" is most often applied to nudibranchs, as well as to other marine gastropods without obvious shells.

Micro black hole

Micro black holes are very small black holes. Because they are small, they may shrink and disappear due to Hawking radiation. They may exist in nature as primordial black holes.

If a micro black hole decays, it would create particles that we could see. The Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope is looking for gamma rays that might come from micro black holes in outer space.

If two particles with enough energy collide, they may create a black hole. Some scientists think the LHC can create one.

If the LHC did create a micro black hole, it would disappear immediately, and would not be dangerous. Cosmic rays hitting the Earth's atmosphere may already create these. If dangerous micro black holes are created by cosmic rays, then the Earth would already be damaged. Because the Earth is not damaged by black holes, scientists think they are not dangerous. This thought is like the Anthropic principle.

Plasma lamp

A plasma lamp is a type of gas discharge lamp that is filled with different gases. It uses dielectric barrier discharge, which is also known as plasma discharge. Nikola Tesla invented it to study the properties of plasma, in 1892. He obtained a patent in 1894. Tesla called the lamp Inert Gas Discharge Tube.

Plasma globe lamps were popular in the 1980s.

Hacker koan

A hacker koan is a funny short story about computer science. Hackers like the artificial intelligence (AI) group at MIT made the term. A book called the Jargon File has many koans called "AI Koans". Most koans are not the same as "kōans" in Zen Buddhism, but both kinds of koans are short, mysterious, and have a hidden meaning.

Like Zen koans, this might have a real and correct answer. In the story, the room is not really empty when Minsky shuts his eyes, and the neural network might still have assumed something when it is randomly set up. The assumptions are random instead of from a human, but they still exist.

This story may be from a real story from "" (chapter 6):

A story like this is in "The Tao of Programming".

Tom Knight might have written this. He helped make the Lisp machine at MIT:

This means that a simple idea can be the right idea.

This koan is sometimes called an "ice cream koan". The word "koan" sounds like "cone" in the phrase "ice cream cone", so the name is a pun. There is another "ice cream koan" in "The Dharma Bums". This koan talks about AI lab tools from before the GNU project:

Eric S. Raymond put the first AI Koans in a book called Hacker's Jargon Dictionary. He says that Danny Hillis created them when he was a student at MIT.

"The Codeless Code" is a different book about software engineers at big businesses instead of unix hackers. The stories in it are like traditional Zen koans. Every character is made-up, and most are masters and monks in a place like the Far East. The stories talk about things like making software. The name comes from a book called "The Gateless Gate".


Arin Hanson

Arin Joseph Hanson (born January 6, 1987), also called Egoraptor, is an American Internet celebrity, animator, cartoonist, comedian, voice actor, songwriter, and rapper. He is known for his popular Internet animations, for the popular YouTube Let's Play show "Game Grumps," and for the video game parody band Starbomb.

Hanson has worked on many things other than "Game Grumps":



Hanson often works with Starbomb band members from Ninja Sex Party, Dan Avidan and Brian Wecht. He sings guest vocals for their music and appears in their videos.

Ñuble Province (1974–2018)

The Ñuble Province () was one of the provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). The provincial capital was the city of Chillán.

It was the second province in area in the Bío Bío region, after the Bío Bío province, and the second with more people living in it, after the Concepción province.

The province was created in 1974, as the historical province of Ñuble was supressed by the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet. In 2018 the province was converted in the Ñuble Region.

The Ñuble province is in the northern part of the Bío Bío region with an area of . The capital, Chillán, is at about from Santiago, the national capital.

Ñuble is bordered to the north by the Maule region (Cauquenes and Linares provinces), to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Bío Bío province and to the west by the Concepción province and the Pacific Ocean.

As a province, Ñuble was a second-level administrative division, consisting of 21 communes ("comunas"). The city of Chillán served as the provincial capital. The province was administered by a governor.



La Défense

La Défense () is an area in the Paris Metropolitan Area of Île-de-France, located in the Hauts-de-Seine French department, just west of Paris. It is the largest business district in Europe and is home to 19 skyscrapers and more than 50 other buildings made of glass and steel. The area is 1.6 km (560 hectares) big. About 25,000 people live in La Défense, and another 180,000 people work there. Over 8 million tourists visit La Défense every year.

To get there, one can start at the Louvre or Arc de Triomphe and head west along the "Axe historique" (Historical Axis) along the Champs-Élysées and Avenue de la Grande Armée. La Défense is at the other end of the axis and has a monument called "Grande Arche". It can also be reached by Paris Métro Line 1, RER Line A, tram T2 run by the RATP, and by SNCF trains, which all stop at an underground railway station called "Gare de La Défense".


Saint Matthias

Matthias was the apostle who replaced Judas Iscariot. This was stated in the Acts of the Apostles. Unlike the other apostles, his appointment was not made personally by Jesus.

After the betrayal of Judas, the disciples of Jesus needed to choose a new apostle. To do this they nominated 2 men - Joseph Barsabbas and Matthias.

Oedipina maritima

Oedipina maritima (commonly known as the maritime worm salamander) is a species of worm salamander that lives on the island of Escudo de Veraguas. It has no natural predators, as only a few animals live on the island, but it is endangered due to deforestation.

There are only eight known adult specimens and two clutches of eggs.

The only threat to the salamander is deforestation.

Boys' Life

Boys' Life is a magazine made by the Boy Scouts of America. It was first published in 1911.

There are two versions of "Boys' Life". The first version is made for the youngest members of Cub Scouting. These are the 6-to-10-year-old Cub Scouts and first-year Webelos Scouts (a rank in Cub Scouts). The second version is made for 11-to-18-year-old boys, which includes second-year Webelos through 18-year-old Boy Scouts, Varsity Scouts and Venturers. The publisher picks which version to send by looking at if the subscriber is in Cub Scouts or Boy Scouts.

In June 2007, "Boys' Life" earned four Distinguished Achievement Awards from the Association of Educational Publishers (AEP). One of those awards is　Periodical　of the Year.

The magazine's mascot is Pedro the Mailburro, who answers readers' letters. Boys' Life has a comic strip about Pedro.

Boys' Life (disambiguation)

Boys' Life is a magazine made by the Boy Scouts of America. 

Boys' Life, Boy's Life or Boys Life may also mean:


Babatunde Osotimehin

Babatunde Osotimehin (6 February 1949 – 4 June 2017) was a Nigerian public servant and United Nations official.

Osotimehun was appointed on 19 November 2010 as the new Executive Director of UNFPA, the United Nations Population Fund, for a four-year term. He was reappointed to this position on 21 August 2014. 
He assumed the position on 1 January 2011 and became the organisation's fourth Executive Director. He held the rank of Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations. Before, he was Nigeria's Minister of Health. He left this office in March 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan dissolved his cabinet.

Roger Smith (actor)

Roger LaVerne Smith (December 18, 1932 – June 4, 2017) was an American television and movie actor, singer and screenwriter. He starred in the television detective series "77 Sunset Strip" and in the comedy series "Mister Roberts". Smith, who went on to manage the career of Ann-Margret, his wife of 50 years.

Smith was born in South Gate, California. He studied at the University of Arizona. In an interview with "The New York Post", Ann-Margret said that he had Parkinson's disease. Smith died of complications from Parkinson's disease at the Sherman Oaks Hospital in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles on June 4, 2017 at the age of 84.

Zhang Tianfu

Zhang Tianfu (,  21 September 1910 – 4 June 2017) was a Chinese agronomist and expert in tea processing, known for promoting processing of oolong.

In 1936, he introduced the tea processing machines from Japan, facilitating the automation of the domestic tea industry. From 1942 to 1944, he resumed teaching at Fukien Christian University.

He was targeted at the start of the Anti-Rightist Movement and subsequently was exiled to Chong'an until 1962. The Cultural Revolution followed, and Zhang was exiled to Shouning. Despite his exile, Zhang continued scientific research. He was rehabilitated in 1980.

Fixed-point theorem

In mathematics, a fixed-point theorem is a theorem that a mathematical function has a fixed point. At that fixed point, the function's input and output are equal.

This concept is not one theorem itself; it is a way to describe many other theorems.


Inversion (linguistics)

In linguistics, inversion is when the words in a sentence are in a different order than normal. The most common kind of inversion in English is subject–auxiliary inversion, which happens when an auxiliary verb (like "do") changes places with its subject. It usually happens in questions like "Are you coming?". In this example, the subject "you" is switched with the verb "are". In many other languages, like languages with a freer word order than English, inversion can also happen with more verbs (not just auxiliaries) and other kinds of words.

Helen Dunmore

Helen Dunmore FRSL (12 December 1952 – 5 June 2017) was a British poet, novelist and children's writer. She was born in Yorkshire, Northern England. She was known for her novel "Zennor in Darkness" (1993).

In 2017, Dunmore published her last book, "Birdcage Walk", before writing an article about mortality for the Guardian after she was diagnosed with cancer. She died on 5 June 2017 in Bristol, aged 64.


Northern England

Northern England, also known as the North of England, North Country or simply the North, is the northern part of England. People have different ideas about which parts of England are in Northern England, but it usually includes the counties of Cheshire, Cumbria, County Durham, Lancashire, Northumberland, Westmorland and Yorkshire, as well as parts of Lincolnshire. There are big cities in Northern England, but there are also large mountains and lakes. The biggest Northern cities are Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Sheffield.

Northern England has a long history: it was where many battles between England and Scotland were fought, and it was the place where the Industrial Revolution began. Nowadays, most of the industry is gone and Northern England is poorer than Southern England. However, Northern England still has its own culture and way of speaking, and many Northerners are proud of the region.

The area roughly spans from the River Trent to the Scottish border in the north. However, people disagree about where the southern border is. Some people say Northern England starts near Birmingham, while some people say it only starts at the River Tees. The government says that Northern England is made up of three statistical regions: the North East, North West and Yorkshire and the Humber. These have a combined population of around 14.9 million as of the 2011 Census and an area of 37,331 km (14,414 sq mi). 

Northern England contains much of England's national parkland but also has large areas of urbanization, including the conurbations of Greater Manchester, Merseyside, Teesside, Tyneside, Wearside, South and West Yorkshire.


Jakucho Setouchi

, formerly , was a Japanese Buddhist nun, writer and activist. Setouchi was known for her biographical novels written as first-person narratives. She is known for her 1998 translation of "The Tale of Genji".

She was awarded the Women's Literary Prize in 1963 for "Natsu no Owari".

Setouchi died of heart failure in Kyoto, Japan, on 9 November 2021, at the age of 99.




Cheick Tioté

Cheick Ismaël Tioté (; 21 June 1986 – 5 June 2017) was an Ivorian footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He played in Europe for Dutch team FC Twente and English club Newcastle United before moving to China to represent Beijing Enterprises. He won the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations with the Ivory Coast national team. 

On 5 June 2017, Tioté died in Beijing, China after suffering from cardiac arrest in training, aged 30.

Anderlecht

Twente

Ivory Coast


Anna Jókai

Anna Jókai (Hungarian: "Jókai Anna") (24 November 1932 – 5 June 2017) was a Hungarian author, poet and teacher. She began her writing career in 1974 and, during the 1980s, she participated in the Hungarian liberation movement. Between 1990 and 1992, she was the chairperson of the Hungarian Writers' Union.

In 1994 and 2014, she received the Hungarian Kossuth Award.


Nnedi Okorafor

Nnedi Okorafor (full name: Nnedimma Nkemdili Okorafor; also known as Nnedi Okorafor-Mbachu; born April 8, 1974) is a Nigerian-American writer. She writes fantasy and science fiction.

Okrafor was born in the United States. Her parents are members of the Igbo group from Nigeria. She has visited Nigeria many times since she was very young. While she studied Homewood-Flossmoor High School in Flossmoor, Ill., Okorafor was a good tennis player and did very well studying science. Later, she found out she had scoliosis. This condition and surgery to fix it ended Okorafor's student athletic career. It made it difficult for her to walk. She started writing as a hobby while she recovered from surgery. Her novels and stories show both her West African life and her American life. In 2001 Okorafor graduated of the Clarion Writers Workshop in Lansing, Michigan. She earned a PhD in English from the University of Illinois, Chicago. She is an associate professor of creative writing and literature at the University at Buffalo (SUNY). She lives in both Buffalo and Olympia Fields, Illinois with her family.

Okorafor received a 2001 Hurston-Wright literary award for her story "Amphibious Green." She then published two books for young adults, "The Shadow Speaker" (Hyperion/Disney Book Group) and "Zahrah the Windseeker" (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt). "Zahrah" won the Wole Soyinka Prize for Literature in Africa. "The Shadow Speaker" was a winner of the Carl Brandon Parallax Award, a Booksense Pick for Winter 2007/2008, a Tiptree Honor Book, Okorafor's children's book "Long Juju Man" was the 2007–08 winner of the Macmillan Writer's Prize for Africa.

Okorafor's first novel for adults, "Who Fears Death" (DAW/Penguin Books), won the 2011 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel, was a 2011 Tiptree Honor Book and was nominated for the 2010 Nebula Award.

Okorafor's short stories have been published in books and magazines, including "Dark Matter: Reading The Bones", "Strange Horizons", "Moondance" magazine, and "Writers of the Future" Volume XVIII. A collection of her stories, called "Kabu Kabu", was published by Prime Books in 2013. It includes the story "Kabu Kabu" that she wrote with Alan Dean Foster. Whoopi Goldberg wrote the foreword to the book.

Young Adult—writing as Nnedi Okorafor-Mbachu 

Children— writing as Nnedi Okorafor

Young Adult—writing as Nnedi Okorafor

Adult—writing as Nnedi Okorafor



Charles-Augustin de Coulomb

Writing letters

Writing letters is a way of communication with others. In the ancient period, kings and the main officials used letters to inform or welcome the other regions king. It even helped the people to communicate easily. They are sometimes tied to the legs of a well trained pigeon or an eagle or any kind of a bird. The are even used in some movies like The Mummy, Bahubali and much more. But now not many people use because of the improved technology.

Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station

Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station (ドーム前千代崎駅, どーむまえちよざきえき) is a railway station of Osaka Municipal Subway in Nishi-ku, Osaka, Japan. There is Dome-mae Station(ドーム前駅, どーむまええき) which Hanshin Electric Railway possess near Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station.

This is the nearest station to Kyocera Dome Osaka.



Meilen

Meilen is a city in the Swiss canton of Zurich. It is the capital in the district of Meilen.


Mettmenstetten

Mettmenstetten (Swiss German: "Mättmischtette" or "Mättmi") is a municipality of the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Reuss (river)

The Reuss is a river in Switzerland. The length is . The drainage basin is . It is the fourth largest river in Switzerland (after the Rhine, Aare and Rhône).

The upper Reuss forms the main valley of the canton of Uri. The course of the lower Reuss runs from Lake Lucerne to where it connects with the Aare at Brugg.

Lake Thun

Lake Thun () is a Alpine lake in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland named by the city of Thun. It is on the northern shore.

The 2,500 km² catchment area often causes local flooding after heavy rainfalls. This occurs because the river Aare, which drains Lake Thun, can only hold some of the extra runoff. The lake is fed by water from Lake Brienz to the southeast, which is 6 metres higher than Lake Thun. It is also fed by various streams in the Oberland, including the Kander.


Gerzensee (lake)

Gerzensee is a lake in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland. The surface area is .

It gives the name to the village of Gerzensee.

Schleuse (river)

The Schleuse is a river of Thuringia, Germany.

Mönchaltorf

Mönchaltorf is a municipality of the district Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

It also holds the record for the longest Apfel Strudel.


Bigge (river)

Bigge is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Lenne in Finnentrop.

Weil am Rhein

Weil am Rhein () is an German town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg. It is on the east bank of the river Rhine. It is close to where the Swiss, French and German borders meet.

Ballersdorf

Ballersdorf is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Auxiliary verb

In English, an Auxiliary verb is a verb that changes or helps another verb. Auxiliary means "extra" or "different". Auxiliary verbs like do can be used to make a question. These verbs are usually used with other verbs.

Below are some sentences that use auxiliary verbs from English, Spanish, German, and French, with the auxiliary verb in bold:

These auxiliaries help make a question, show tense, or make passive voice. Auxiliaries like these usually appear with a normal verb that carries the main meaning of that part of the sentence.

Alkmaar

Alkmaar is a municipality in North Holland in the Netherlands. In 2019, 108,582 people lived there.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Graft-De Rijp and Schermer were merged into the municipality of Alkmaar.

Neerach

Neerach is a municipality in the district Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Gelderner Fleuth

Gelderner Fleuth is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Niers near Geldern.

Giuliano Sarti

Giuliano Sarti (2 October 1933 – 5 June 2017) was an Italian professional football player.

Sarti played in the position of goalkeeper. Throughout his successful career, he played for several Italian clubs, although he is mostly remembered for his success with Fiorentina, and as the goalkeeper of the "Grande Inter" side of the 1960s that conquered both Italy and Europe.

Sarti died in Florence, Italy on 5 June 2017 at the age of 83.

Adnan Khashoggi

Adnan Khashoggi (, ; 25 July 1935 – 6 June 2017) was a Saudi Arabian international businessman and uncle of Princess Diana's lover Dodi Al-Fayed. He was best known for arms dealing. He is estimated to have had a peak net worth of around US$4 billion in the early 1980s.

Khashoggi died on 6 June 2017 at St. Thomas' Hospital in London. He was 81.

Sandra Reemer

Barbara Alexandra "Sandra" Reemer (17 October 1950 – 6 June 2017) was a Dutch Indo singer and TV presenter of Dutch, Chinese and Javanese origian. She was born in Bandung, Java, Indonesia. She has represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest on three separate occasions, tying with Corry Brokken for most appearances representing the country.

In 1972, she sang the song "Als het om de liefde gaat" in a duet with Dries Holten, which reached fourth place in the contest.

Sandra Reemer died on 6 June 2017 from breast cancer in Amsterdam, Netherlands at the age of 66.

Vin Garbutt

Vincent Paul Garbutt (20 November 1947 – 6 June 2017) was an English folk singer and songwriter. A significant part of his repertoire consisted of protest songs covering topics such as "the Troubles" in Northern Ireland ("Troubles of Erin"), unemployment, and social issues.

Garbutt died at a hospital from complications caused by heart surgery on 6 June 2017 at the age of 69.



Márta Antal-Rudas

Márta Antal-Rudas (14 February 1937 – 6 June 2017) was a Hungarian javelin thrower. She competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics and finished in ninth, second and fourth place. She was born in Debrecen, Hungary.

Antal-Rudas died on 6 June 2017 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 80.

Anupam Sen

Anupam Sen (born August 5, 1940) is a Bangladeshi academic and social scientist. Currently, he is serving as Vice-chancellor of Premier University, Chittagong.

He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 2014 by the Government of Bangladesh.


Domodossola

Domodossola is an Italian city in Piedmont. In 2014, 18,247 people lived there.

Neftenbach

Neftenbach is a municipality in Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Football player Manuel Akanji was born here.


Guimarães

Guimarães is a city in Portugal, in the district of Braga. It has 158,124 people.

<br>

Kannonkoski

Kannonkoski is a municipality in Central Finland. It had about 1,452 people living there in 2016. The municipalities next to it are Karstula, Kivijärvi, Saarijärvi, Viitasaari and Äänekoski.


Niederglatt

Niederglatt is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Niederhasli

Niederhasli is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Niederweningen

Niederweningen is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Dornbirn

Dornbirn is the largest city in Vorarlberg, Austria. About 48,000 people are living there (2006).

Dornbirn has six districts named Markt, Hatlerdorf, Oberdorf, Haselstauden, Rohrbach and Schoren.

Nürensdorf

Nürensdorf is a municipality in Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Balschwiller

Balschwiller is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Baltzenheim

Baltzenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

2017 Tehran attacks

On 7 June 2017, two attacks were simultaneously carried out against the Iranian parliament and the Mausoleum of Ruhollah Khomeini, leaving 12 people dead and 42 wounded. ISIL claimed responsibility for both attacks. The attacks were the first terrorist attacks in Tehran in more than a decade, and the first major attack in the country since the 2010 Zahedan bombings.

Christopher A. Wray

Christopher Asher Wray (born December 17, 1966) is an American lawyer. He is the 8th and current Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation since August 2, 2017. From 2003 to 2005, he served as Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Criminal Division under the George W. Bush administration. He was previously a litigation partner with the law firm King & Spalding.

Wray was born in New York City. He was raised in Andover, Massachusetts. He studied at Yale University.

In 2003, President George W. Bush nominated Wray as Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Criminal Division of the Justice Department. Wray was unanimously confirmed by the Senate. Wray was Assistant Attorney General from 2003 to 2005, working under Deputy Attorney General James Comey. While heading the Criminal Division, Wray oversaw prominent fraud investigations, including Enron.

On June 7, 2017, President Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate Wray to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. On July 20, 2017, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted unanimously to confirm Wray to be the next director of the FBI. Wray was officially confirmed by the Senate with bipartisan support on August 1, 2017; the vote was 92–5. He was sworn in by Attorney General Jeff Sessions in a private ceremony on August 2.

In the aftermath of the Douglas High School shooting in Parkland on February 14, 2018, it was found out that the FBI ignored a tip that shooter Nikolas Cruz had a desire to "kill people". Florida Governor Rick Scott called for Wray to resign, with the earliest tip received by the FBI dating back to September 2017 in which a YouTube user with the same name commented, "I'm going to be a professional school shooter." 

In December 2020, it was announced that President-elect Joe Biden would keep Wray as FBI director under his administration.

Wray married Helen Garrison Howell in 1989. They have two children. He is registered as a Republican.


Vincent Tshabalala

Vincent Vesele Tshabalala (16 March 1942 – 3 June 2017) was a South African professional golfer. 

Vincent was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was banned from the South African Tour for many years as a result of apartheid rules. Tshabalala played in the European Tour, and won the 1976 French Open. Tshabalala also did good in the European Seniors Tour and won two events in the South African Tour after the country lifted its racial restrictions.
Tshabalala died 3 June 2017 at the age of 75.

Andy Cunningham (actor)

Andrew "Andy" Cunningham (13 May 1950 – 5 June 2017), was an English actor, puppeteer and writer. He was born in Barnet, London.

He was best known as the creator and main writer of the children's BBC television series, "Bodger & Badger", in which he acted as Simon Bodger and his pet, Badger. He was also the uncredited puppeteer of Ephant Mon, Jabba the Hutt's Head of Security in "Return of the Jedi" (1983).

He was in a long-term relationship with co-star Jane Bassett who played Mousey in "Bodger & Badger". They later separated but remained good friends.

Cunningham died from colon cancer on 5 June 2017 in Brighton, East Sussex, aged 67. 

Marilyn Hall

Marilyn Hall (née Plottel; born May 17, 1927 – June 5, 2017) was a Canadian-born American television and theatre producer, as well as a television writer. She also wrote songs, a cookbook and book reviews. She supported many charities, including Jewish causes in the United States and Israel. She was an associate producer of "Jelly's Last Jam" and "". On television, she produced the "PBS" version of "The Ginger Tree" as well as the 1984 movie "Nadia".

Hall died on June 5, 2017 at her California home at the age of 90.

Mary Edwards Walker

Mary Edwards Walker (November 26, 1832 – February 21, 1919) was an American abolitionist, prohibitionist, prisoner of war and surgeon. As of 2017, she is the only woman ever to receive the Medal of Honor.

She was born on November 26, 1832. Growing up, she lived in Oswego, New York with her parents, Alvah Walker and Vesta Whitcomb Walker. Her parents taught her to always be driven and stand up for what she believed in. Her parents supported abolitionist groups and women’s rights movements. They believed everyone deserved to be treated equally and with respect no matter their race or gender. She used what she learned from her parents to help her accomplish her goals in life.

Her education was very important to her and her parents.  She studied to become a surgeon at Syracuse Medical College and graduated in 1855 with a medical degree. After college she met Albert Miller, also a physician. They got married in 1856 but she kept her last name as Walker.  After marriage, together they started a medical practice, but not many people wanted to go to a woman doctor as they did not trust she could do as good of a job as a man physician. The practice struggled and so did the young couples marriage. Thirteen years later Mary Walker and Albert Miller divorced and their practice failed. Although her marriage failed, she came back more confident than ever as the Civil War began.

At the break of the Civil War and with high confidence, Walker tried to enlist in the Union Army. She was denied because of her gender but did not take no for an answer. Trying again, she enlisted as a surgeon in the war and was transferred to the 52nd Ohio Infantry. Later she was appointed assistant surgeon. This was a very big accomplishment for a woman at this time.  During one of her trips to the Confederacy to tend to the sick and wounded, she was captured. During 1864 Walker was imprisoned for four months in Richmond, Virginia. After four months Walker, along with other surgeons in the Union, were released in a trade for 17 Confederate doctors. Even after her capture, Walker still continued to cross the line between the Confederates and Union to tend to the sick and wounded even after her experience of being imprisoned with the Confederates. Until the war ended, Walker remained with the 52nd Ohio Infantry, tending to the sick and wounded. Mary Edward Walker’s persistence and determination paid off as she served the sick and wounded on the battlefield, refusing to be pulled down because of her gender. 

Once the war had ended, Walker went back home to Oswego, New York. She was honored for her work. On November 11, 1865, she received the Congressional Medal of Honor. She was the first and only woman to ever receive this honor.  Soon after she got her medal, it was revoked by Congress because she was not involved in combat.  Walker did not let this get her down. Every single day, until she died, she wore her medal and refused to give it back. Since she almost never wore women’s clothing, she was arrested several times for wearing men’s clothing but never was put in jail. Walker believed that the Constitution gave women a right to vote and wear what they wanted. She died on February 21, 1919, three months before the 19th amendment was passed giving women the right to vote. After her death, she was remembered for her intelligence, bravery, and determination.

In 1977, President Jimmy Carter restored Mary Edwards Walker's medal. Walker was smart, kind, and helped change the face of women's rights to get it to the place it is today. At the time she was doing something that people believed was impossible: a woman becoming a doctor who served on a battlefield. She was different, and proved that it’s ok to take risks and to be bold in your beliefs. In 2012, a large statue of her was made in her hometown. A cargo ship, the SS Mary Walker was named after her in World War II. Multiple medical campuses were named after her and the post office put her on a stamp to honor her.

Horace Burrell

Horace G. Burrell JP OM (8 February 1950 – 6 June 2017), also known as Captain Burrell, was the president of the Jamaica Football Federation, and a Vice-President of CONCACAF. He was also the founder of the Jamaican restaurant chain The Captain's Bakery and Grill and Captain's Aviation Services which he founded in 1995 and 2008 respectively. He died on 6 June 2017 after ailing for some time.

Burrell died of lung cancer on 6 June 2017 in Kingston at the age of 67.

Latifur Rahman

Latifur Rahman (1 March 1936 – 6 June 2017) was a Bangladeshi politician and lawyer. He served as the 10th Chief Justice of Bangladesh from January 2000 through February 2001. In 2001, he was appointed to briefly serve as Prime Minister, a position he would hold from 15 July 2001 until 10 October 2001.

Rahman died in Dhaka, Bangladesh on 6 June 2017 at the age of 81.

Rokas Žilinskas

Rokas Žilinskas (20 July 1972 – 6 June 2017) was a Lithuanian journalist and politician. He was elected to the Seimas in 2008 and was a member of the Lithuanian Parliament until his death. He was the first openly gay member of the parliament.

Žilinskas died of respiratory arrest caused by pneumonia in Vilnius, Lithuania on 6 June 2017 at the age of 44.

Arthur Bunting

Arthur Bunting (July/September 1936 – 7 June 2017) was an English professional rugby league footballer. He played in the 1950s, and 1960s, and coached in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, as a Scrum-half/Halfback, i.e. number 7, and coaching at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, and Hull F.C.. He was born in Hemsworth, West Yorkshire.

Bunting died on 7 June 2017 in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire at the age of 80.


Trento Longaretti

Trento Longaretti (27 September 1916 – 7 June 2017) was an Italian painter. He studied at the Brera Academy in the 1930s, where he was taught by renowned artists including painters Aldo Carpi and Pompeo Borra, and sculptors Francesco Messina and Marino Marini. 

Longaretti stated that painting is an "elixir for long life", and continued to paint and exhibit as a centenarian.

His oil paintings have been described as dense and oily like those of Paul Cézanne, and his style having similarities to the fantasy settings of Marc Chagall and "pictorial culture" of Egon Schiele. His still life paintings have been described as "delicate and almost religious".

He became involved in the Italian figurative art movement of the 1950s.

He turned 100 in March 2017 and died on 7 June 2017.




Montbard

Montbard is a commune and subprefecture of the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montbard and of the canton of Montbard.

The "commune" of Montbard has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Montbard is surrounded by the "communes":

The city of Montbard is to the northwest of the city of Dijon, capital of the department, and in the valley of the Brenne river.

The climate of Montbard is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Montbard are known, in French, as " Montbardois" (women: "Montbardoises").

With a population of 5,350, Montbard has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montbard

Montbard is a subprefecture of the Côte-d'Or department since 1926. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montbard and the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Montbard formed by 57 "communes", with 18,764 inhabitants (2014).

Montbard is twinned with:



Shahmukhi

Shahmukhi is a set of letters used to write the Punjabi language by Panjabi speakers in Pakistan. It is written from right to left. 

The Shahmukhi script is based on the Perso-Arabic script which is used to write Urdu. Shahmukhi can be called an alphabet; it is really an "abjad". An abjad is a script that has letters to represent consonants with vowels. Of course, Shahmukhi, and other scripts relating to it, are impure abjads. This means that there are ways to represent vowels in the writing but they are used in a very bare method. 

There are 38 letters in the Shahmukhi abjad.

The Land of Stories

The Land of Stories is a series of children's books written by American author, actor and singer Chris Colfer. The first book, "The Wishing Spell", was released on July 17, 2012. The sixth and final book was published in July 2017. Colfer said the books are a "modern day fairy tale". It is about the adventures of twins, Alex and Conner Bailey. They fall from the real world into a world full of fairy tales they have only ever read about before and discover there is more to this world than meets the eye.


Final Fight Championship

Final Fight Championship (FFC) is a European based martial arts promotion company operating under and with the production support of the Fight Channel Group.

FFC started in 2003 as a promotion organization dedicated solely to kickboxing, the FFC in 2013 introduced MMA fights in its events.

Eastern quoll

The eastern quoll (Dasyurus viverrinus, formerly known as the eastern native cat) is a species of quoll, a carnivorous (meat-eating) marsupial (pouched mammal) living in Tasmania. It is thought they should be re-introduced to mainland Australia, where they became extinct.


Crested quetzal

The Crested Quetzal is a species of Quetzal.
They are found in South America.

Ammon

Ammon is an ancient country in the Middle East. It was in northwestern Jordan and east of the Kingdom of Israel.

In the Bible it is often called the "Kingdom of Ammon".

Rabbath Ammon - present-day Amman - was its capital.

According to the Biblical Book of Genesis Ammon, also known as Ben-Ammi, is a grandson and son of Lot, the nephew of Abraham (the other grandson and son is Moab; the Kingdom of Moab was south of Ammon).

The Ammonites often fought with the Israelites.

C. J. McCollum

Christian James “C/J.” McCollum (born September 19, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers. He was drafted 10th in the 2013 NBA draft. In his third year, he won the NBA Most Improved Player award. He played college basketball for the Lehigh Mountain Hawks. In 2017, he scored 27 points in the first half against the #1 seeded Golden State Warriors. That year he also had the highest free-throw percentage in the league.

Neil Olshey

Neil Oshley is the General Manager for the Portland Trail Blazers in the National Basketball Association.

Allen Crabbe

Allen Lester Crabbe III (born April 9, 1992) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the California Golden Bears.

Generative adversarial networks

Generative adversarial networks are artificial neural networks that work together to give better answers. One neural network is the tricky network, and the other one is the useful network. The tricky network will try to give an input to the useful network that will cause the useful network to give a bad answer. The useful network will then learn not to give a bad answer, and the tricky network will try to trick the useful network again. As this continues, the useful network will get better and not become tricked as often, and the useful network will be able to be used to make good predictions.

Bromley

Bromley is a large suburban borough in southeast London, England

Bromley is located south-east of Charing Cross. It is the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Bromley, and is considered to be a major metropolitan centre in the London Plan.

Oberembrach

Oberembrach is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Oberengstringen

Oberengstringen is a municipality in the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Paignton Zoo

Paignton Zoo is a zoo located in Devon, England. It was opened in 1923.
The West Part of Paignton Zoo includes flamingos, ducks, cranes, blind cave fish, pittas, geckos, budgerigars, guinea pigs, spider monkeys, echidnas and lesser adjaunt storks.

The North of the Zoo consists mainly of a crocodile house, birds, kangaroos, tortoises, camels and zebras.

The East of Paignton Zoo holds elephants, giraffes, maned wolves, mandrill, cheetahs, rhinoceroses and coatis.

The South consists of lions, tigers, an off-show kiwi, parrots, and other aviaries.

Culen of Scotland

Cuilén mac Illuilb (Modern Gaelic: "Chailein mac Ilduilb"; 6 April 934 — 2 June 971) often known as Culen and nicknamed the Smart (Scottish Gaelic: "an Smart"), the Brave (Scottish Gaelic: "an Treun") or the Strong (Scottish Gaelic: "an Làidir") was the King of Scotland from 967 until his death in 971. He was the son of King Indulf (Illuilb mac Causantín). His mother was unknown but it was said that she was from France.

It was said that he would spend his reign focusing on kicking the vikings out of Scotland and to expand Scotland. When Culen died in 971, the throne was disputed between his younger brother who was his heir, Amlaíb, and his cousin, Kenneth II (Cináeda mac Maíl Coluim). Because Kenneth was more experienced than Amlaíb, he seized the throne for himself. Culen's son, Causantín, would succeded Kenneth II as king as Constantine III after Kenneth's death in 995.

Jan Høiland

Jan Høiland (6 February 1939 – 7 June 2017) was a Norwegian singer. He was born in Stavanger, Norway. He was known for his version of the song "Tio tusen röda rosor" by Thore Skogman. It was the biggest hit for Høiland. Accompanied by Finn Våland on piano, he made his debut at Cafe Inger in Stavanger in 1957, followed by his record debut "Det vil komme av seg selv"/"Dormi-dormi-dormi" (1958), on Columbia. These were Norwegian 78 records.

Høiland died on 7 June 2017 in Harstad, Norway at the age of 78.


Dorian invasion

The Dorian invasion is a theoretical migration of Dorian Greeks into Ancient Greece, which is believed to have contributed to the Bronze Age Collapse

Ragnhild Queseth Haarstad

Ragnhild Queseth Haarstad (4 April 1939 – 6 June 2017) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party. She was born in Grue, Norway. She was Minister of Local Government and Regional Development (Norway) from 1997 through 1999.

Haarstad died on 6 June 2017 in Oslo, Norway at the age of 78.

Brenne (river)

The Brenne is a river in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Armançon river and flows through the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

The Brenne has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Montbard in the Côte-d'Or department.

The Brenne starts in the "commune" of Sombernon, at an elevation of about , at about to the west of Dijon.

It flows to the northwest and joins the Armançon river between the "communes" Buffon and Montbard at an elevation of about above sea level.
The Brenne flows through 1 region (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) and 1 department (Côte-d'Or). The river flows through the "communes":

There are only 2 important tributaries, and both join the Brenne on the right side: the "Oze" and the "Ozerain" rivers.



Jill Singer

Jill Singer (1957 – 8 June 2017) was an Australian journalist, columnist and television presenter. She was born in Korumburra, Victoria. 

Singer began her career in journalism as an ABC radio trainee in 1984. She eventually became a senior reporter for "The 7.30 Report" on ABC and later presented the Victorian edition of "Today Tonight" on the Seven Network. She also presented for "The 7.30 Report", "The Arts Show", "2-shot" and "People Dimensions" (ABC TV). 

Singer was the executive producer of ABC TV's national morning news and current affairs program" First Edition". She wrote a weekly column for Melbourne's "Herald Sun" newspaper between 1997 and 2012, and lectured in television journalism at RMIT University in Melbourne. She made regular appearances on "The Conversation Hour" (ABC 774) and on Sky News Australia's "Melbourne Report".

Singer died of amyloidosis on 8 June 2017 in Melbourne at the age of 60.


Marcelo Guinle

Marcelo Alejandro Horacio Guinle (September 28, 1947 – June 8, 2017) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He served as a Senator for Chubut Province from 2001 through 2015. He was born in Santa Fe, Argentina. From 2003 through 2006, he served as Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Before serving in the senate, Guinle served as Mayor of Comodoro Rivadavia from 1995 through 1999.

Guinle died from cancer in Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina on June 8, 2017 at the age of 69.


Emergency Alert System

The Emergency Alert System (EAS) is a national warning system in the United States put into place on January 1, 1997 (approved by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in November 1994). 

It pops up on your TV, radio, or phone for example if a tornado comes it will be on the news, radio, or phone and when it is over the National Weather Service will send you another alert when you can come out. The most serious alert that can be given out over the EAS is an Emergency Action Notification or a Presidential Alert. When an EAN is issued, a voice will say the following whilst watching TV or listening to the radio; "We interrupt our programming. This is a national emergency." After the alert tone, the text to speech or a real human voice will give instructions on the emergency and provide instructions on what to do to stay safe, or if the world is coming to an end due to warfare or a global pandemic. There also may be additional messages given out from a representative of the President. An Emergency Action Termination message will be issued when the threat is over. Additionally, there will be a nationwide test of the EAS that takes place in the US once a year along with a new presidential alert system that works very similar to weather warnings that are issued on a cell phone. 
Emergency Alert Systems are also used worldwide in countries like Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand and is ready to alert citizens on world ending events such as a nuclear war, a new global threat etc. 

Most recently, the United Kingdom government have been trialing mobile phone alerts with a service called Emergency Alerts that uses a similar sound to the WEA from the US which is the original attention signal used for the US Emergency Alert signaling a pattern. 

Peter Thomson (diplomat)

Peter Thomson, OF (born 1948 in Suva), is a Fijian diplomat. He was President of the General Assembly of the United Nations from 2016 to 2017. He has been Fiji's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since February 2010.


President of the United Nations General Assembly

The President of the United Nations General Assembly is a position voted for by representatives in the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) on a yearly basis. The President presides over the sessions of the General Assembly.

Dennis Francis of Trinidad and Tobago is the current President of the United Nations General Assembly for the 78th session, office which started in September 2023.

The session of the assembly is scheduled for every year starting in September—any special, or emergency special, assemblies over the next year will be headed by the president of UNGA.

The presidency changes every year between the five geographic groups: African, Asian, Eastern European, Latin American and Caribbean, and Western European and other States.

Imre Hollai

Imre Hollai (22 January 1925 – 22 November 2017) was a retired Hungarian diplomat. He served as president of the United Nations General Assembly from 1982 to 1983.

Hollai joined the Hungarian foreign service in 1949. He served as Hungary's deputy representative to the United Nations from 1956 to 1960, as the head of foreign relations for the Central Committee of the Hungarian Communist Party from 1960 to 1963, as Hungary's ambassador to Greece and Cyprus from 1964 to 1970, and as Hungary's deputy foreign minister from 1970 to 1974. He served as Hungary's ambassador to the United Nations from 1974 to 1980.

Hollai died on 22 November 2017 in Budapest, aged 92.

Guido de Marco

Guido de Marco (22 July 1931 – 12 August 2010) was a Maltese politician. He served as the sixth President of Malta from 1999 to 2004. de Marco also served as Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of the Interior, Justice, and Minister for Foreign Affairs.

He was elected President of the 45th session of the United Nations General Assembly in 1990, and Chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation in 2004. A renowned criminal lawyer, he defended some of the landmark cases in Malta during the 1980s.

de Marco died of a heart attack in Msida, Malta on 12 August 2010 at the age of 79.


Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann

Miguel d’Escoto Brockmann (February 5, 1933 – June 8, 2017) was a Nicaraguan diplomat, politician and Catholic priest of the Maryknoll Missionary Society. As the President of the United Nations General Assembly from September 2008 to September 2009, he presided over the 63rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly. He was also nominated as Libyan Representative to the UN in March 2011.

Kansai Airport Station

Kansai Airport Station (関西空港駅, かんさいくうこうえき) is a railway station of Nankai Electric Railway and West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in Tajiri, Sennan District, Osaka, Japan.

This is the nearest station to Kansai International Airport.



Amazon World Zoo

Amazon World Zoo or Amazon World Zoo Park is a zoo on the Isle of Wight, focusing on rainforest animals from different countries; despite wallabies also occurring here.

Máel Muire ni Cináeda

Máel Muire ni Cináeda was the fourth child of Kenneth MacAlpin and an unknown wife. She was born in 842. She married Áed Findliath, high king of Ireland. They had 4 children. One of their children later became high king of Ireland. Máel also married another High king of Ireland but had no children with him. She died in either 912 or according to the Annals of Ulster died in 913. There are no known depictions of her.

Juiz de Fora

Juiz de Fora is a city in Brazil. It is found in the southern area of the state of Minas Gerais. About 550,710 people live there. It has an area of .

Samara, Russia

Samara (Russian: "Самара") is the ninth largest city in Russia. It is the administrative center of Samara Oblast. About 1,164,685 people live in the city. 

It is in the southeastern part of European Russia at the confluence of the Volga and Samara Rivers. It is on the east bank of the Volga. Samara is the economic and cultural center in European Russian. They hosted the European Union–Russia summit in May 2007.

From 1935 to 1991 the city was known as Kuybyshev (Russian: Куйбышев).

Also, Samara has a metropolitan railway.

Oberglatt

Oberglatt is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Glenne Headly

Glenne Aimee Headly (March 13, 1955 – June 8, 2017) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels", "Mr. Holland's Opus" and "Dick Tracy". Headly received Theatre World Awards and four Joseph Jefferson Awards, and was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards.

Headly died of complications from a pulmonary embolism on June 8, 2017 at the age of 62 in Santa Monica, California.

Oberrieden, Switzerland

Oberrieden is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is one of the towns along the south shore of Lake Zurich ("Zürichsee").

The city covers the land from Sihl river to Lake Zurich.


Oberstammheim

Oberstammheim was municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the municipalities Oberstammheim, Unterstammheim and Waltalingen joined together to become new municipality Stammheim.


Oberweningen

Oberweningen is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Obfelden

Obfelden is a municipality of the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Kathryn Stripling Byer

Kathryn Stripling Byer (November 25, 1944 – June 5, 2017), also called Kay Byer, was an American poet and teacher. She was named by Governor Mike Easley as the fifth North Carolina Poet Laureate, 2005–2009. She was the first woman to hold the position.

Byer died at the age of 72 on June 5, 2017 from lymphoma in Cullowhee, North Carolina.



France Rode

France Rode (November 20, 1934 – June 7, 2017) was a Slovenian engineer and inventor. He was best known for his work on the HP-35 pocket calculator. He was one of the four lead engineers at Hewlett-Packard assigned to this project. Rode also invented and created the first workable RFID products: workplace entry cards, for which he holds several patents. He was born in Nožice, Slovenia.

Rode died on June 7, 2017 at the age of 82.

Natig Aliyev

Natiq Aghaami oglu Aliyev () (November 23, 1947 – June 9, 2017) was an Azerbaijani politician. He served as the president of the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic and was the Minister of Industry and Energy of Azerbaijan Republic at the time of his death.

Aliyev died on June 9, 2017 in Istanbul from heart failure after suffering a heart attack the week before in Baku. He was 69 years old.

Jan Notermans

Jan Martin Gerardus Notermans (29 July 1932 – 8 June 2017) was a Dutch football player and manager.

He played for Fortuna '54 and Sittardia. He was capped 25 times for the Netherlands.

He coached Arminia Bielefeld, Go Ahead Eagles, FC Groningen, AZ, Helmond Sport and Willem II.

Oetwil an der Limmat

Oetwil an der Limmat is a municipality in the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Oetwil am See

Oetwil am See is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is in the Pfannenstiel region.


Opfikon

Opfikon is a municipality and city in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Opfikon, Glattbrugg and Oberhausen.

Adecco S.A., the world's largest employment agency, is headquartered in Glattbrugg.


Knesset elections results

Knesset elections results.

Only the original elections results are shown.
Coalition parties marked in olive.

Ossingen

Ossingen is a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Rijeka

Rijeka (, , , ) is a city in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. It is the third-largest city in Croatia (after Zagreb and Split). About 128,000 people lived there in 2011.

Rijeka is on Kvarner Gulf, an inlet of the Adriatic Sea. Because of its port, the city was historically important. It was the Kingdom of Hungary's largest and most important port. Shipbuilding is an important part of the economy.

Zamboanga City

Zamboanga City (Chavacano: "Ciudad de Zamboanga"; ) is a city in Mindanao, Phillippines. It is the sixth-largest city of the Phillippines.

Zamboanga City is called the "Sardines Capital of the Philippines". This is because 9 of the 12 sardine companies in the country are in the city. Other names for the city are "Asia's Latin City" and "City of Flowers".

The city of Zamboanga is politically divided into 98 barangays or barrios.

Many landmarks are in the city. These include:

Bantzenheim

Bantzenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Grass Roots

Grass Roots is the unreleased debut studio album by American hip hop group A.T.B.A.N. Klann (now known as The Black Eyed Peas). It was planned to be released on October 6, 1992 for Ruthless Records, distributed by Relativity Records and featured production from the mentor of Will 1X, DJ Motiv8; however, the album . Two years later, the group released the first single from the album, "Puddles of H2O", but the album was still not released. The songs from the album later leaked and a cover was made using a photo of apl.de.ap and will.i.am from the "Bridging the Gap" photo-shoot in 2000. This was the only album Atban Klann recorded under that name, as they were dropped from Ruthless in 1995. However, six years later the group, now known as Black Eyed Peas, would release "Behind the Front".


Delmenhorst

Delmenhorst is a town in the German state of Lower Saxony. It has about 74,000 inhabitants.

Zetel

Zetel is a municipality in Germany. It is in the district of Friesland in the state of Lower Saxony. It is southwest of Wilhelmshaven and west of Varel.

Zetel is twinned with the county of Sutherland, Scotland.


Sankt Ingbert

Sankt Ingbert or St. Ingbert is a town in the Saarpfalz district in Saarland, Germany. It is about northeast of Saarbrücken and southwest of Neunkirchen.

St. Ingbert is twinned with:

Otelfingen

Otelfingen is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Ottenbach, Switzerland

Ottenbach is a municipality in Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. In 2015, 2,566 people lived there.


Pfäffikon, Zürich

Pfäffikon is the capital of the district Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Auslikon, Ober Balm, Unter Balm, Bussenhausen, Irgenhausen, Oberwil, Sulzberg, Hermatswil, Schür, Wallikon, Rick, Ravensbühl, Faichrüti and Rutschberg.


Auslikon

Auslikon is a village of the municipality of Pfäffikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Irgenhausen

Irgenhausen is a village of the municipality of Pfäffikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Wiedikon

Wiedikon is a quarter in district 3 of the Swiss city of Zürich. Before 1893 it was a municipality of its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Pfungen

Pfungen is a municipality of the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Rafz

Rafz is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the northwest of canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is on the border to Germany.


Girona

Girona (; ) is a city of northeastern Catalonia, Spain. It is the capital of the province of Girona.

Bartenheim

Bartenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Arros (river)

The Arros is a river in southwestern France that flows through the Hautes-Pyrénées and Gers departments, in the Occitanie region. The Arros is a right tributary of the Adour river.

The valleys of the Arros and of the Adour rivers were part of the "Comté de Bigorre" ("County of Bigorre"). The valley of the Arros was called the "Rivière-Haute" ("Upper River") and the valley of the Adour was called the "Rivière-Basse" ("Lower River").

The Arros river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Juillac in the Gers department.

The Arros river starts, an altitude of , in the "Forêt des Baronnies", southeast of Bagnères-de-Bigorre, in the Esparros "commune". It then flows from south to north through the Hautes-Pyrénées department. It passes through the towns of Bourg-de-Bigorre, Tournay and Chelle-Debat. It gets in the Gers department and passes through the towns of Montégut-Arros and Villecomtal-sur-Arros.

About from Plaisance, the Arros joins, by its right side, the Adour river at an altitude of .

The Arros flows through 55 "communes" and two of them, both in the Gers department, have the name of the river: Montégut-Arros and Villecomtal-sur-Arros.

Most of the tributaries of the Arros are small streams; the only important tributaries are:
Left tributary:
Right tributary:

Decimation

The killing of one in every ten of a group of people as a punishment for the whole group (originally with reference to a mutinous Roman legion).

Val Terbi

Val Terbi is a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

The municipality was created on January 1, 2013 by merger of the former municipalities of Montsevelier, Vermes and Vicques. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Corban merged into the municipality of Val Terbi.


Basse-Allaine

Basse-Allaine is a municipality in Porrentruy in the Swiss canton of Jura. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Buix, Courtemaîche and Montignez merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

The name refers to the Allaine River which runs through the municipality.

Sharjah (city)

Sharjah () is the third-largest city in the United Arab Emirates. It is the capital of the emirate of Sharjah. It is along the southern coast of the Persian Gulf on the Arabian Peninsula.

Regensberg

Regensberg is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is located to the west of Dielsdorf, on a ridge of the Lägern ().


Regensdorf

Regensdorf is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is the largest city in the Furttal region.

Katzensee is a lake that also includes the bath/lido Strandbad Katzensee on the border with the Affoltern quarter of the city of Zürich.


Rheinau, Switzerland

Rheinau is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Chesterfield, Missouri

Chesterfield is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 49,999, which makes it the fourteenth-largest city in Missouri. It is a suburb of St. Louis.

Évora

Évora is a city in Portugal. It is the seat of the Évora District. It has 56,596 people.
Evora lies in the centre of Portugal, and is one of the hottest cites of the country, reach more than 30C in the summer.
The most famous monument in Evora is the Templo Romano Évora (A Roman temple) and the Capela dos Ossos (a chapel lined with many bones).
<br>

Richterswil

Richterswil (Swiss German: "Richtischwiil") is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is on the lake Hüttnersee.



Rickenbach, Zürich

Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Samstagern

Samstagern is a village in the municipality of Richterswil in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. Hüttnersee is in the village.

Battenheim

Battenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Beblenheim

Beblenheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bellemagny

Bellemagny is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bendorf, Haut-Rhin

Bendorf is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Berentzwiller

Berentzwiller is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bennwihr

Bennwihr is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bergheim, Haut-Rhin

Bergheim is a French commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Constantine, Algeria

Constantine () is a city in Algeria. It is the third biggest city in Algeria after Algiers and Oran. It is the capital of Constantine Province. It has 448,374 people.

Andria

Andria is an Italian city in Apulia. In 2016, 100,440 people lived there.

Rifferswil

Rifferswil is a municipality in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Andrzej Baturo

Andrzej Baturo (16 May 1940 – 9 June 2017) was a Polish artist photographer. He was the organizer of many important photo events, publisher, General director of the FotoArtFestival in Bielsko-Biala,founder and president of the Foundation Centre of Photography. He was born in Vilnius, Lithuania.

Baturo died on 9 June 2017 in Warsaw, Poland at the age of 77.


Angerville, Essonne

Angerville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chi Po-lin

Chi Po-lin (December 27, 1964 – June 10, 2017) was a Taiwanese documentary filmmaker, photographer and environmentalist. He was best known for his 2013 movie "", which won Best Documentary at the 2013 Golden Horse Awards. He was born in Taipei.

On June 10, 2017, Chi died in a helicopter crash in a mountainous area in Hualien County's Fengbin Township at the age of 52. The group was shooting footage for the sequel to "Beyond Beauty: Taiwan from Above", which was scheduled for release in 2019. 

Brad Ausmus

Bradley David Ausmus (born April 14, 1969) is a former baseball catcher and manager. He played for the San Diego Padres, Detroit Tigers, Houston Astros, and Los Angeles Dodgers. He made his Major League Baseball debut in 1993 and retired from playing after the 2010 season. He was managed Detroit from 2014 to 2017.


Dusty Baker

Johnnie B. "Dusty" Baker Jr. (born June 15, 1949) is the manager of the Houston Astros. He has also managed the San Francisco Giants, Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds and Washington Nationals. Before he became a manager, Baker played as an outfielder for several Major League Baseball teams: the Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Dodgers, San Francisco Giants, and Oakland Athletics. As a player, he won the World Series in 1981 as a member of the Dodgers. He returned to the World Series in 2002 as manager of the Giants, but his team lost to the Anaheim Angels.


Brian Snitker

Brian Gerald Snitker (born October 17, 1955) is the manager of the Atlanta Braves. He was hired the Braves during the 2016 season. He never played for any Major League Baseball teams, but he did play minor league baseball in the Braves organization. He later managed several of the Braves' minor league teams and he also served as the third base coach for the Braves from 2007 to 2013.


Fredi González

Fredi Jesus González (born January 28, 1964) is the third base coach for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball. He was previously the manager of the Florida Marlins and the Atlanta Braves. He never played for any MLB teams. González was born in Cuba.


Coach (baseball)

In baseball, a number of coaches help make a team work properly. They are assistants to the manager, who determines the lineup and decides how to substitute players during the game. More than a half dozen coaches may assist the manager in running the team. Some common coaching positions include the following: first base coach, third base coach, hitting coach, pitching coach, bench coach, and bullpen coach.

Red scare

The Red Scare was the fear of communism taking over. 

The term is most often used to refer to two periods in the history of the United States, although "Red Scares" also happened in other parts of the world.

The First Red Scare happened after the Bolshevik October Revolution of 1917, that lasted from the late 1910s to the late 1920s. It lead to an increased fear and perceived threat of revolution and political radicalism from national and foreign anarchists and from the American labor movement, which is mainly leftist.

The Second Red Scare happened after the Second World War, during the start of the Cold War, that lasted from the late 1940s to the mid to late 1950s. It led to a fear of national or foreign communist spies infiltrating and taking over U.S. society, institutions and the federal government. The Second Red Scare is known as McCarthyism.

James McCann

James Thomas McCann (born June 13, 1990) is a catcher for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball. He started playing in the major leagues in 2014 with the Detroit Tigers. McCann also played college baseball for the University of Arkansas.

Bibi Ferreira

Bibi Ferreira (born Abigail Izquierdo Ferreira; 1 June 1922 – 13 February 2019) was a Brazilian actress. In 1962, she tested for a part in the Brazilian production of "My Fair Lady". She then received leads in "Hello Dolly" and "Man of La Mancha".

In 2016, she appeared in New York City in “Bibi Times Four.”

Feffeira died on 13 February 2019 at her apartment in Rio de Janeiro from heart failure at the age of 96.


Travis Fryman

David Travis Fryman (born March 25, 1969) played Major League Baseball from 1990 to 2002. He played for the Detroit Tigers (1990–1997) and for the Cleveland Indians from 1998 to 2002). He usually played third base, but he also played shortstop. Fryman made 5 All–Star teams and won a Gold Glove Award in 2000.

Rawlings Gold Glove Award

The Rawlings Gold Glove Award, usually referred to as the Gold Glove, is the award given annually to the Major League Baseball (MLB) players determined to be the best fielders at each fielding position in both the National League (NL) and the American League (AL). Voting is done by the managers and coaches in each league, and they may not may not vote for their own players. Sabermetrics affect about 25 percent of the vote.

In 1957, the baseball glove manufacturer Rawlings created the Gold Glove Award to honor the best fielding performance at each position. At first, only one Gold Glove was given out to the top fielder at each position in Major League Baseball; however, separate awards were given for the National and American Leagues beginning in 1958. Eighteen Gold Gloves have been awarded each year (with the exception of 1957, 1985 and 2007), one at each of the nine positions in each league.

The trophy is a glove made from gold lamé-tanned leather and it is attached to a walnut base.

Austin Deasy

Austin Deasy (26 August 1936 – 10 June 2017) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He served as Minister for Agriculture from 1982 to 1987. He was a TD for the Waterford constituency from 1977 until his retirement in 2002.

Deasy died at University Hospital Waterford in Waterford, Ireland on 10 June 2017 at the age of 80.

Great Flood of 1993

The Great Flood of 1993 was a major natural disaster. It affected nine states, mostly between April and September 1993. It involved the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.

Storms with heavy rain began hitting the same locations over and over again. This pattern began repeating in late April and early May. It lasted until September in some areas. Eastern Iowa, Missouri and Illinois were especially hard-hit. 

The flood was the costliest in the history of the United States. Damage totaled $15 billion, although some estimates go as high as $20 billion.

There were thirty-two deaths because of the flood. Some estimates put the death toll at 50.

Ameurfina Melencio-Herrera

Ameurfina Aguinaldo Melencio-Herrera (11 May 1922 – 12 October 2020) was a Filipino judge. She served as an Associate Justice of the Philippine Supreme Court from 1979 until her retirement in 1992. She was the second woman appointed to the Supreme Court, filling the vacancy left by the retirement of the first female Supreme Court Justice, Cecilia Muñoz-Palma.

Melencio-Herrera died in Cabanatuan on 12 October 2020, aged 98.

Mickey Tettleton

Mickey Lee Tettleton (born September 16, 1960) is a former Major League Baseball catcher for the Oakland Athletics (1984–1987), Baltimore Orioles (1988–1990), Detroit Tigers (1991–1994) and Texas Rangers (1995–1997). He made two All–Star teams and won three Silver Slugger Awards. He was named after Mickey Mantle, who was also from Oklahoma.

Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby

Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby (15 January 1841 – 14 June 1908) was the Governor General of Canada from 1888–1893. In North America, he is best known for donating a trophy to be given to Canada's best amateur hockey club. That trophy, a silver cup now known as the Stanley Cup later became the trophy awarded to the champion of the National Hockey League. Lord Stanley bought the cup in 1892 for $50. In 1945, he was one of the first people inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in the "Builders" category. Stanley Park in Vancouver is named after him and he went to see it on October 26, 1889. During his career, he was the mayor of Liverpool and Preston.

Yuli Edelstein

Yuli Yoel Edelstein, Hebrew: יולי יואל אדלשטיין , Ukrainian: Йоель (Юлій Юрійович) Едельштейн , (born August 5, 1958 in Chernivtsi) is an Israeli politician of HaLikud.

Edelstein was born in western Ukraine. Because of his efforts to emigrate to Israel he was put in Gulag labor camps in Siberia for three years. After this time he made Aliyah (emigrated to Israel) in 1987.

With fellow refusenik Nathan Sharansky he founded the political party of Yisrael BaAliyah ("Israel on the Up") in 1996. The same year he entered the Knesset.

From 1996 to 1999 he was also minister of immigration absorption in the First Netanyahu Government, and from 2001 to 2003 also deputy minister of immigration absorption in the First Sharon Government.

In 2003 Yisrael BaAliyah became part of HaLikud and Edelstein became an MK for this party. In 2006 he lost his seat but in 2007 he returned.

From 2009 to 2013 he was also minister of information and diaspora in the Second Netanyahu Government.

From 2013 to 2020 he was Speaker of the Knesset, succeeding fellow party member Reuven Rivlin and succeeded by Benny Gantz.

From 2020 to 2021 he was minister of health in the Fifth Netanyahu Government.

Although Edelstein thinks that Israelis and Palestinians can peacefully live together he is negative about the establishment of an independent State of Palestine because he is afraid it will attack Israel.


Green Party (Israel)

HaTnu'a HaYeruqa, Hebrew: התנועה הירוקה‎‎ , meaning "The Green Movement", is an Israeli political party. 

Its ideology is green, moderate left, and Zionist. 

Political leaders are Eran Ben-Yemini (not a Knesset member) and Yael Cohen-Paran.

HaTnu'a HaYeruqa was founded in 2008.

Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: 1.
HaTnu'a HaYeruqa is cooperating with HaAvoda ("The Labor") and HaTnu'a ("The Movement") as HaMahaneh HaTziyoni ("The Zionist Union"). Together they have 24 seats.

Gambling addiction

A gambling addiction is when someone is obsessed with gambling despite the negative consequences. Gambling addictions often puts the person in risk of losing everything. People with this illness often think about suicide more than the general population. Many people use gambling as a way to get away from their terrible lives and to gain satisfaction. In many ways, gambling addiction is similar to other addictions (such as the addiction to alcohol or the addiction to illegal drugs).

Someone with a gambling addiction often

Gambling addiction is a serious disease difficult to overcome. In most cases, it is treated through therapy, support groups, medications and counseling. In some cases, specific drugs can help. There is no definite cure. 

Research demonstrates how the brain can get addicted to gambling. There is also evidence older people are more likely to become gambling addicts.

Recently, the problem of gambling has become extremely important due to the ubiquitous distribution of cash slot machines, the opening of many casinos, as well as bookmakers (including online). All of them are beautifully designed, which enhances the suggestive effect of an easy winning opportunity in a short time and a constant desire to recoup and win more. Slot machines have long been widespread throughout the world. 

In the United States, according to R. Volberg (1996), the number of “problem players” - addictive gamblers so dependent on slot machines that their lives are completely subordinated to this passion - reaches 5% of the population. Data from other researchers (Ladouceur et al., 1999) indicate that in the first half of the 1990s alone, the number of problem players in Canada increased by more than 75%.

Covid-19 impacted gambling significantly. 68% of actively engaged gamblers have spent more money online since lockdown began. These frequent online gamblers are already vulnerable to addiction, and their behaviour in 2020 has been seriously impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. But, with 40% of the population experiencing a decrease in their disposable income, it’s possible that infrequent betters might look to online gambling as a quick solution for financial difficulty. 


Yael Cohen Paran

Yael Cohen-Paran, Hebrew: יעל כהן-פארן , (born October 12, 1973) is an Israeli environmental activist and a politician. She is co-political leader of HaTnu'a HaYeruqa ("The Green Movement").

Cohen-Paran served in Unit 8200, the signal intelligence unit of the Israel Defense Forces. She studied physics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, and also public policy at Tel Aviv University.

She was founder and president of the Israel Energy Forum, and participated in various United Nations Climate Change Conferences.

Later on she went into politics by becoming a member of HaTnu'a HaYeruqa. Due to the cooperation of this party with HaTnu'a and HaAvoda as The Zionist Union she became a Member of Knesset in 2015 and was a member till 2019.


Rorbas

Rorbas is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is in the lower Töss Valley.


Modeling agency

A modeling agency is a commercial agency, a company that represents a model in their job. The agency takes a percentage of the fee.

C. Narayana Reddy

C. Narayana Reddy (29 July 1931 – 12 June 2017) popularly known as "Cinare" was an Indian Telugu and Urdu poet and writer. Reddy won the Jnanpith Award in 1988 for his poetic work, "Viswambara". He had been awarded an honorary Kala Prapoorna by Andhra University in 1978, having been a recipient of the Padma Shri in 1977.

Reddy was honored with the Raja-Lakshmi Award by the Sri Raja-Lakshmi Foundation in 1988 and in 1992 he was honoured with India's third-highest civilian award, the Padma Bhushan.

Reddy died from complications from heart disease at a hospital in Hyderabad, Telangana on 12 June 2017 at the age of 85.

Masahide Ōta

Ōta died in Naha, Okinawa on 12 June 2017, his 92nd birthday, from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.

Samuel V. Wilson

Lieutenant General Samuel Vaughan Wilson (September 23, 1923 – June 10, 2017), aka "General Sam", was an American military person. He served as President of Hampden-Sydney College from 1992 through 2000 and as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency from May 1976 through August 1977. He was born in Rice, Virginia.

Wilson died from lung cancer on June 10, 2017 at the age of 93.


Walter Noll

Walter Noll (January 7, 1925 – June 6, 2017) was a German-born American mathematician, and Professor Emeritus at Carnegie Mellon University. He was best known for developing mathematical tools of classical mechanics and thermodynamics. He was born in Berlin, Germany.

Noll has served as a visiting professor at the Johns Hopkins University, the University of Karlsruhe, the Israel Institute of Technology, the École Polytechnique in Nancy, the University of Pisa, the University of Pavia, and the University of Oxford.

In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

Noll died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on June 6, 2017, aged 92.


I Love It

"I Love It" is a song by Swedish DJ duo Icona Pop featuring vocals from British recording artist Charli XCX. It was released in May 2012 as a digital download in Sweden, where it peaked at number two on the singles chart. The song was added to their debut studio album, "Icona Pop", as well as their EP "Iconic" and their debut international album, "This Is... Icona Pop".

The song received positive reviews from music critics, and publications "Rolling Stone" and Pitchfork included it on their year-end lists for 2012. The song went on to become Icona Pop and Charli XCX's first US hit, peaking at number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified double-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, denoting over 2 million copies sold in the United States. In June 2013, over a year after it was released elsewhere, the song charted at number 1 on the UK Singles Chart. It has gone on to sell 4.3 million certified downloads.

[[Category:
Celtiberian Range

Celtiberian Range (in Spanish language: "Serranía Celtibérica"), also called South Lapland or Spanish Lapland ("Laponia del Sur" or "Laponia Española"), is the geographical term given to part of Spain due to its lower population and lack of infrastructure.

Its nomenclature comes from the Celtiberians, a pre-Roman tribe who lived in this area long ago.

It comprises an area of 63,098 km². Through the range are 1,632 municipalities among several provinces. All but the Valencian Community are landlocked.

It has a population of 503,566 inhabitants.

Receptacle (botany)

In biology and botany, the receptacle is the swollen basal part of the flower. It can also be made as the top of the stalk or pedicel. When the stalk of the plant, the part which connects flower to the plant, gets flattened and the other parts of the flower including the 4 whorls (calyx, corolla, androecium, gynoecium) start, that flattened part is called the receptacle. It is the end part of the stalk or pedicel.

In some fruits like a strawberry, it is the thing that becomes the main fleshy edible part of the fruit. The fruit species, rubus, has a conical receptacle with a cluster of seeds (droplets) on top of it.

When a raspberry is picked, the receptacle gets separated from it, but it is just the opposite case in blackberry where it remains attached. 

In phycology, they are the structures at the end of the branches of algae mainly brown algae. There, they act as specialized structures having reproductive organs and also help in storage.

Mladá Boleslav

Mladá Boleslav (; ) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is on the left bank of the Jizera river about northeast of Prague. The automobile company Škoda Auto has its main office in Mladá Boleslav.

The city was founded in the second half of the 10th century by King Boleslav II as a royal castle. Because there already was a castle known as Boleslav near Prague, this new castle was named Mladá (young) to distinguish it from the older Boleslav, which became known in the 15th century as Stará Boleslav (Old Boleslav). The town received partial city rights in 1334 and 1436, becoming an important site on the road from Prague to northern Bohemia, Lusatia, and Brandenburg. In the 16th century the town was a leading centre of the Unitas Fratrum / Unity of the Brethren / Moravian Church, hosting the Brethren's bishop, Renaissance church, and printing house. After being re-Catholicized in the 17th century, the town's population declined.


IPhone 7

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the tenth-generation smartphones sold by Apple Inc. They were released on September 16, 2016. They came after the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The 7 and 7 Plus come in six colors: matte black, gold, silver, rose gold, a new jet black finish (a shiny shade of black), and a red finish (released on March 21, 2017) to recognize Apple and Product Red's partnership in fundraising to fight AIDS over ten years. Like previous iPhone models, the iPhone 7 has a screen size of 4.7″ (11.94 cm), while the Plus model has a screen size of 5.5″ (13.97 cm).

The most noticeable difference is the shape of the camera lens compared to older models. The iPhone 7 has a larger round lens, while the 7 Plus has two lenses. They are both water-resistant and meet IP67 guidelines. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus use Apple's Lightning connector for charging and syncing.

The new Home button is also capacitive, meaning that it no longer "clicks" like previous Home buttons but senses pressure for actions like going to the Home screen, taking screenshots, using Touch ID, etc.

The iPhone 7 also no longer has a headphone jack. Accessories that would normally go into a headphone jack instead have to be plugged in to a special adapter.

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is a "commune" in the Nièvre department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in central France. It is a subprefecture of the department.

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is in the northwest of the department, on the border with the Cher department; it is on the confluence of the Loire and the Nohain rivers at of Nevers, the subprefecture of the Nièvre department.

The "commune" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is surrounded by the "communes" La Celle-sur-Loire, Myennes, Tracy-sur-Loire, Saint-Martin-sur-Nohain, Saint-Loup, Saint-Père and Saint-Vérain; it borders to the west with the Cher department.

The Köppen climate classification type for Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire are known, in French, as "Cosnois" (women: "Cosnoises").

With a population of 10,553, Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is a subprefecture of the Nièvre department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire and the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire formed by 7 "communes", with 14,926 inhabitants (2014).

Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is twinned with:



Degree of freedom

Degree of freedom of a particle or a body is simply the number of ways in which it can possess energy (transnational energy, rotational energy, vibrational energy).
It may be simply defined as the number of independent coordinates required to define motion of that body.

Anthony Knockaert

Anthony Patrick Knockaert (born 20 November 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Ligue 2 club Valenciennes.

Guingamp

Leicester City

Brighton & Hove Albion

Fulham

Individual

Charles P. Thacker

Charles Patrick "Chuck" Thacker (February 26, 1943 – June 12, 2017) was an American pioneer computer designer. He worked on the Xerox Alto, which is the first computer that used a mouse-driven Graphical User Interface. He was known for being the co-inventor of the ethernet.

Thacker died on June 12, 2017 from complications from esophageal cancer in Palo Alto, California at the age of 74.


Ulf Stark

Ulf Gottfrid Stark (12 July 1944 – 13 June 2017) was a Swedish author and screenwriter. He adapted several of his own books for movies and wrote the screenplay for the 1999 movie "Tsatsiki, morsan och polisen".

From 1989 to 1998 he was an elected member of the Swedish Academy for Children's Books.

In 1998 he received the Nordic Children's Book Prize.

Stark died 13 June 2017 in Stockholm, Sweden from pancreatic cancer at the age of 72.

Josefina Villalobos

Josefina Villalobos (born August 5, 1924) is an American-born Colombian-Ecuadorian public servant. She was the First Lady of Ecuador serving from August 10, 1992 through August 10, 1996 when her husband, Sixto Durán Ballén, served as President of Ecuador.

Ballén and Villalobos had eight children. After Ballén left office, the two retired and lived in Quito, Ecuador. On November 15, 2016, Ballén died at the age of 95.

Frank Windsor

Frank Windsor (born Frank W. Higgins; 12 July 1928 – 30 September 2020) was an English actor, mainly on television. He was born in Walsall, Staffordshire. His career began in 1959. His most famous role was as Detective Sergeant John Watt in "Z-Cars" from 1962-65. He also starred in its spin-offs "Softly, Softly" and "" from 1966-76.

He had regular roles in the BBC drama "Casualty"; the ITV drama "Peak Practice"; he played Major Charlie Grace in "EastEnders" (1992); and appeared twice in "Doctor Who".

He died on 30 September 2020 at the age of 92.


Niederstetten

Niederstetten is a town in the Main-Tauber district in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southeast of Bad Mergentheim, and west of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.

Győr

Győr (; , ) is the sixth-largest city in Hungary and the capital of Győr-Moson-Sopron county. In 2016, 131.267 people lived there.

Győr is twinned with:



Rümlang

Rümlang is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. Zurich Airport is in Rümlang.


British and Irish Lions

The British and Irish Lions is a rugby union team selected from players from the national sides of England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. The side tours every four years, changing between Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. The 2009 Test series was lost 2–1 to South Africa, while the 2013 Test series was won 2–1 over Australia.

Alun Wyn Jones

Alun Wyn Jones (born 19 September 1985) is a Welsh rugby union player. He is the captain of the Wales national team, and the Ospreys. He is Wales' most capped lock forward and Wales' second most capped player behind Gethin Jenkins. He has also won seven caps for the British and Irish Lions.
Born in Swansea, Jones played his first rugby for Bonymaen RFC. Having previously represented Wales at under-21 level,he played his first match for Wales in June 2006 against Argentina. Also in 2009 Jones was one of 13 Welsh players selected in the squad for the British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa.He scored a try in his first match for the Lions against the Royal XV.In the 2019 rugby World Cup he captained Wales to the semi finals but then lost to South Africa.

Jones is married to Anwen . They have a daughter named Mali.

Leigh Halfpenny

Stephen 'Leigh' Halfpenny (born 22 December 1988) is a Wales and British and Irish Lions international rugby union player.

Dan Biggar

Daniel "Dan" Biggar (born 16 October 1989) is a Welsh international rugby union outside-half. He plays club rugby for the Northampton Saints. He is the youngest player to reach 100 games for the Ospreys. On 7 December 2015, Biggar won the BBC Cymru Sports Personality of the Year Award.

Sam Warburton

Sam Kennedy-Warburton (born 5 October 1988), known as Sam Warburton, is a Welsh international rugby union player. Warburton plays rugby for the Cardiff Blues and was first capped for Wales in 2009. He plays as an openside flanker but is also can play blindside. In June 2011, he was named as Wales captain versus the Barbarians and in August 2011 he was named as the Wales captain for the 2011 Rugby World Cup. In April 2013, he was named the British and Irish Lions captain for the 2013 tour to Australia, and was also named as captain for the 2017 tour to New Zealand Warburton holds the record for the most Wales caps as captain.

George North

George Philip North (born 13 April 1992) is a Welsh and British and Irish Lions international rugby union player. His usual position is winger! He has also played at outside centre. He currently plays club rugby for Northampton Saints in the Aviva Premiership.

Rhys Webb

Rhys Webb (born 9 December 1988) is a Welsh international rugby union player who plays at Scrum-half for Ospreys and Wales.

Liberec

Liberec (, ) is the fifth-largest city in the Czech Republic. It is on the Lusatian Neisse and surrounded by the Jizera Mountains and Ještěd-Kozákov Ridge. It has a population of 100 000. It was first mentioned in 1352.

Liberec is twinned with:



Sunyani

Sunyani is a city and the capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region and the Sunyani Municipal of Ghana. As of 2012, the population was 248,496.

Serravalle (San Marino)

Serravalle is the largest commune of San Marino. It has 10,591 people.

Rüschlikon

Rüschlikon is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Dalaas

Dalaas is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Russikon

Russikon is a municipality in the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Rumlikon, Madetswil, Sennhof, Wilhof, Gündisau and Ludetswil


Rüti, Zürich

Rüti is a municipality of the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. Jona river flows through the municipality.


Schlatt, Zürich

Schlatt bei Winterthur is a municipality of the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Schleinikon

Schleinikon is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Bergholtz, Haut-Rhin

Bergholtz is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bergholtzzell

Bergholtzzell is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bernwiller

Bernwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune Ammertzwiller was merged into Bernwiller.

Berrwiller

Berrwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department. This in the east of France.

Wimblington

Wimblington is a village in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.

Hōfu

Hōfu () is a city in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. 

Hōfu (防府) means "the capital (国府) of Suō Province (周防国)". The eastern part of Yamaguchi Prefecture used to be called called Suō Province.

The city was founded on August 25, 1936. The city's change over the past fifty years is shown in the animated movie Mai Mai Miracle, and the story takes place in the year 1955 (with flashbacks that go 1,000 years further back). 

Birganj

Birgunj is a metropolitan city and border town in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.As an entry point to Nepal from Patna and Kolkata, Birgunj is known as the "Gateway to Nepal". It is also called "Commercial capital of Nepal". The town has significant economic importance for Nepal as most of the trade with India is via Birgunj and the Indian town of Raxaul.

Houston County, Texas

Houston County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 22,066 people lived there. The county seat is Crockett.

Nacogdoches County, Texas

Nacogdoches County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 64,653 people lived there. The county seat is Nacogdoches.

Sulz am Neckar

Sulz am Neckar is a town in the district of Rottweil in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is on the river Neckar, north of Rottweil, and southeast of Freudenstadt.

Probate

Probate is how the will of a dead person is taken and used by a court. Probate checks that paying the dead person's debts, and giving away the dead person's money and property follows the instructions in the will. In many jurisdictions the court where probate happens is called a "probate court".

Probate follows these steps:

For people who die without much money or property, many jurisdictions allow simple probate that is cheaper and easier to do.

Hazel Levesque

Hazel Levesque is a character from Rick Riordan's Heroes Of Olympus series. She first appears in the book The Son of Neptune. Hazel has the ability to summon precious metals and jewels from the earth, due to her curse. Her mother, Marie Levesque is a fortune teller who succeeds at summoning Pluto (mythology), Hazel's father. Pluto is so pleased when Hazel is born that he blesses her mother. Unfortunately, Marie is greedy and she wishes to have all the jewels under the earth, resulting in Hazel's curse. When Gaiea possess her mothers body during the 1940's Hazel is forced to raise her giant son, Alcyoneus. Hazel dies destroying the giant, at least for a while. She is sentenced to the Fields of Asphodel in the Greek underworld but is brought back to life by her half-brother Nico di Angelo. She is in a relationship with Frank Zhang. She has gold eyes and brown skin and curly dark hair.

Grenfell Tower fire

The Grenfell Tower fire started shortly before 1am BST on 14 June 2017 in a tall building or tower block, Grenfell Tower, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, West London, England. The fire killed 72 people. Grenfell Tower was built in 1974, and was used for housing people. The flats in the building were subsidized: meaning the government paid part or all of the of the people who lived there.

In the early hours of 14 June, 2017, a fire broke out in the building, which caused massive damage to nearly all of the building. The fire broke out around the 4th floor of the 23 floor building. It was signalled to police at 0:54 local time. The fire brigade took 6 minutes to get to the tower. In total, 70 fire engines, and more than 200 firefighters were trying to put out the fire. On the 14th of June, at the end of the day, the number of people injured (and taken to hospitals) was about eighty, about 20 were in a critical condition. About 72 people died in the fire. There could have been up to 600 people in the 120 one- and two-bedroom flats of the block at the time of the fire. The number of people that were in the building when the fire broke out is unknown; police have estimated around 200.

The fire started around 00:50 BST (UTC+1), when a fridge caught fire in flat 16 on 4th floor. Firefighters arrived around 1am, and put out the fire in the flat within minutes. When the crew were leaving the building, they spotted flames rising up the outside of the building. Images later presented to the Grenfell Tower Inquiry suggested that the fire may have reached the outside before the firefighters had begun to tackle the initial fire in flat 16. The flames spread up the side at a "terrifying rate", By 01:29, a rising column of flames had reached the roof and the fire was out of control.

Many people believe this rapid spread was due to the outside of the building, which had been changed recently. This cladding seemed to contain highly flammable material. Many residents complained about poor fire safety and other problems with the building, which was managed on behalf of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. The residents' organisation, Grenfell Action Group, had repeatedly warned of major fire safety problems since 2013, and also noted past fires and fire-related incidents in similar blocks managed by the same company, which they felt were related to poor fire safeguards and management company fire policies. One of these policies told residents to stay in their flats in case of fire. The group warned in November 2016 that only a "catastrophic" fire would finally force the block's management to treat fire precautions and maintenance of fire-related systems to a proper standard.

Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said there were "questions that have to be answered" about the fire-safety conditions at the Grenfell Tower. Khan criticised the safety instructions telling people to stay in their flats in particular:
"We can't have people's lives being put at risk because of bad advice or lack of maintenance." The advice of staying in the flat assumes that firefighters can contain the fire inside the building, which is impossible if it is spreading rapidly via its outside. The advice may have proved fatal to many people.

A team of 250 firefighters from forty fire engines attempted to control the fire and rescue people. The first emergency services arrived six minutes after the alarm, but the fire's very high temperature slowed rescue attempts. At 04:14, officials from the Metropolitan Police addressed the large crowd of onlookers and urgently told them to contact anyone they knew who was trapped in the building—if they are able to reach them via phone or social media—to tell them they must try to self-evacuate and not wait for the fire brigade. Firefighters entered the building to try to rescue people but reported they were hindered by the extreme heat. According to witnesses, there were people trapped inside, waving from windows for help, some holding children. There were two witness accounts of parents dropping their children down to people below, including a baby who was caught after being thrown from the ninth or tenth floor, and a small boy thrown from the fifth or sixth floor. There were also eyewitness reports that some people were jumping out. At least one person used knotted blankets to make a rope and escape from the burning building. Frequent explosions that were reported to be from gas lines in the building were heard.
Many residents of the tower were Muslims. Because of Ramadan, many were awake at the late hour. Many were able to alert residents and help them escape during the early stages of the fire, which saved many lives. For this, they were hailed as heroes.

After three hours, the original crew of firefighters were replaced. By sunrise, the firefighters were still battling the fire and trying to spray areas where people were seen trapped. The watching crowd were pushed back from the building because of falling debris. At 05:00, the building was still burning and severely damaged. The fire continued to burn on the tower's upper floors into the afternoon of 14 June. Firefighters were expecting to continue tackling the blaze for at least a further 24 hours. Although fears were expressed that the building could collapse, structural engineers determined that it was not in danger and that rescue teams could enter it to search for survivors, casualties and bodies.

The cause of the fire has not yet been determined. Several media outlets reported that it may have been caused by a faulty kitchen appliance. A fourth-floor resident told the media that it was his neighbour's fridge that caught fire around 1:00 am, and that they immediately began knocking on doors to alert people. He said that within half an hour the building was entirely engulfed in flames.

Whilst there was much criticism of the lack of fire sprinkler systems, Geoff Wilkinson, the building regulations columnist for the "Architects' Journal", wrote in a comment on 14 June, before the cause was known ("we should avoid speculating"), that if a leaking gas riser or the cladding were at fault, sprinklers would have had little effect. He said he had seen extracts of a fire risk assessment and talk of flammable material stored in the common walkways, suggesting poor overall management.

The inhabitants of the building organised the Grenfell Action Group, years ago. They regularly pointed out problems with the building. In 2013, they published part of a report, where they showed that the protection against fire was insufficient in the building. Regulations require that these materials are checked regularly. According to the 2013 report of action group, there had been no such checks in the three years before the report.

When a building is on fire, people need to be able to get out quickly. Usually, there are specially signalled escape lanes for this. The action group pointed out that the escape lanes were not free, and people often parked their cars in such a way that the police was unable to get close to the building.

There had been various repairs and renovations in the building, from 2014 to 2016. The company who was responsible for these works said that they were shocked, at what had happened, and that at the time the works had been done, regulations had been met.

When the building was renovated, the materials used for the outside of the building were changed. Fire safety experts have speculated that this new material was a possible cause of the rapid spread of the fire. They said it essentially worked like a chimney in spreading the fire. The material could be seen burning and melting, causing additional speculation that it was not fire resistant. One resident said, "The whole one side of the building was on fire. The cladding went up like a matchstick."

Records show that a contractor installed "over-cladding with ACM cassette rain screen" during the recent refurbishment at Grenfell Tower. The term ACM stands for aluminium composite material. With this kind of material, the choice of insulation core material determines how easily it can be burned. Several tower building fires have involved the same external materials, including the 2009 Lakanal House fire in Camberwell, London, the 2009 Beijing Television Cultural Center fire and the 2015 fire at The Marina Torch, Dubai. Sam Webb, the architect who investigated the Lakanal fire and who sits on the All Party Parliamentary Fire Safety & Rescue Group, said "This tragedy was entirely predictable, sadly."

The product used was Reynobond, which is available with different types of core material—polyethylene, as reportedly used in Grenfell Tower (Reynobond PE), or a more fire-resistant material (Reynobond FR). The Reynobond cladding reportedly cost £24 per square metre for the fireproof versions, and £22 for the flammable version. According to the BBC, the more fire-resistant version (Reynobond FR) is a very new product, and it is unclear whether it was available at the time the building was being clad.

According to the US-based manufacturer of Reynobond, the polyethylene version of the material is banned in the United States for use in buildings exceeding in height, because of the risk of spreading fire and smoke. The refurbishment also used an insulation foam product named Celotex RS5000, installed behind the cladding.
According to its datasheet, the polyisocyanurate product—charred pieces of which littered the area around Grenfell Tower after the fire—"will burn if exposed to a fire of sufficient heat and intensity".
The cladding at Grenfell seems to have been used to decorate other apartment blocks. People are concerned that the affected buildings may face the same problems.

Some residents had reported concern that the new cladding on the building was fixed onto it with wooden battens. There is widespread concern amongst residents and fire safety experts about the increasing use of timber, even in high-rise buildings, following a change to building regulations. It was reported that one reason for the new cladding was to improve the view for people living in the surrounding area.

Some residents said no fire alarms went off when the fire started. Residents said they were alerted to the fire only by people screaming for help or knocks on the door and not by a fire alarm. Others reported that they survived by ignoring the council's "stay put" policy, its directive instructing residents to remain in their flat in case of fire.

The London-wide Radical Housing Network, a citizens' action "group of groups... fighting for housing justice across London" of which the Grenfell Action Group is a member, said that the fire was "a horrific, preventable tragedy" that was the result of a "combination of government cuts, local authority mismanagement, and sheer contempt for council tenants and the homes they live in".

People in the immediate area and from across London rallied to assist victims of the fire. Donations of food, water, toys, and clothes were made. Saint Clement Church on Treadgold Street and St James' Church, Norlands, in the Deanery of Kensington, provided shelter for people evacuated from their homes, as did nearby mosques and temples.

Nearby Queens Park Rangers Football Club have offered their Loftus Road venue as a relief centre and are accepting donations of food, drink and clothing from the local community, and other nearby football clubs Brentford and Fulham have offered their stadiums as relief centres.

Washington County, Texas

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 35,805 people lived there. The county seat is Brenham.

Coryell County, Texas

Coryell County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 83,093 people lived there. The county seat is Gatesville.

DeWitt County, Texas

DeWitt County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 19,824 people lived there. The county seat is Cuero.

Goliad County, Texas

Goliad County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 7,012 people lived there. The county seat is Goliad.

Jean Nicot

Jean Nicot, sieur de Villemain (born 1530 in Nîmes, died 1600 in Paris) was a French nobleman, and diplomat. He was the French ambassador in Lisbon, from 1559 to 1561. He also negotiated the marriage of princess Margaret of Valois, who was five years old at the time, with prince Sebastian of Portugal, who was six years old at the time.

When Nicot returned, he brought tobacco plants. He introduced snuff tobacco to the French royal court. In particular, he presented the queen mother, Catherine de' Medici, with tobacco leaves to cure her of her migraines. The plant was also an instant success with the Father Superior of Malta, who shared tobacco with all of his monks. More and more of the fashionable people of Paris began to use the plant, making Nicot a celebrity.At first, the plant was called Nicotina. But nicotine later came to refer specifically to the particular chemical in the plant. The tobacco plant, "Nicotiana", also a flowering garden plant, was named after him by Carl Linnaeus, as was nicotine. Nicot described its believed medicinal properties (1559) and sent it as a medicine to the French court.For his service to the French royal court, Nicot was given the name 'de Villemain' and land near Brie-Comte-Robert. There, he compiled one of the first French dictionaries, "Thresor de la langue françoyse tant ancienne que moderne" (published in 1606).

Subsidized housing

Subsidized housing is the idea to create housing opportunities (usually flats) for people who have trouble finding a flat on the free market. Usually, this means that there is a maximum . Very often, the government pays part (or all) of this rent. People who get the apartments or flats need to meet certain criteria.

Raynaud syndrome

Raynaud's syndrome is a spasm of small arteries. This causes reduced blood flow to end arterioles.

2017 Congressional baseball shooting

On June 14, 2017, in Alexandria, Virginia, James Thomas Hodgkinson opened fire on several Republican members of Congress and their staffers, who were practicing for the Congressional Baseball Game scheduled for the next day. 

A ten-minute shootout ensued between Hodgkinson and officers from the Capitol Police and Alexandria Police. Hodgkinskon shot five people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R–LA) and two Capitol Police officers assigned to protect him; one of the officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died from his wounds. Police have not commented on his motivation.

Scalise was the first sitting member of Congress to have been shot since Arizona Representative Gabrielle Giffords was attacked in the 2011 Tucson shooting.

President Donald Trump issued a statement saying, "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected." Vice President Pence made similar comments.

Gheorghe Gușet

Gheorghe Guşet (28 May 1968 – 12 June 2017) was a Romanian shot putter. He competed at the 1992, 2000 and 2004 Olympics and had his best result in 2004, aged 36 (14th place). Guşet was noted for being competitive in his late 30s, and set his all-time personal record aged 38, while most shot putters peak in their late 20s or early 30s. Due to health problems (chronic kidney disease) he was forced to retire from competitions in 2008.

Guşet died on 12 June 2017 in Cluj Napoca, Romania from an aortic dissection at the age of 49.

Aortic dissection

Aortic dissection occurs when a tear in the inside of the aorta causes blood to flow between the layers of the wall of the aorta, forcing the layers apart. In most cases this is associated with a sudden onset of severe chest or back pain, often described as "tearing" in character. 

Also, vomiting, sweating, and lightheadedness may occur. Other symptoms may result from decreased blood supply to other organs such as stroke or mesenteric ischemia. Aortic dissection can quickly lead to death as a result of not enough blood flow to the heart or rupture of the aorta.

Aortic dissection is more common in those with a history of high blood pressure, a number of connective tissue diseases that affect blood vessel wall strength such as Marfan syndrome, a bicuspid aortic valve, and previous heart surgery.

Patricia Knatchbull, 2nd Countess Mountbatten of Burma

Patricia Edwina Victoria Knatchbull, 2nd Countess Mountbatten of Burma (14 February 1924 – 13 June 2017) was a British peeress and the third cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. She was the elder daughter of Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma and his wife, the heiress Edwina Ashley, a patrilineal descendant of the Earls of Shaftesbury, first ennobled in 1661.

Knatchbull was the elder sister of Lady Pamela Hicks, and first cousin to Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and the last surviving baptismal sponsor to Prince Charles, Prince of Wales.

Mountbatten succeeded her father when he was assassinated in 1979, as his peerages had been created by the Crown with special remainder to his daughters and their heirs male. This inheritance accorded her the title of "countess" and a seat in the House of Lords, where she remained until 1999, when the House of Lords Act 1999 removed most hereditary peers from the House.

Knatchbull died on 13 June 2017 in Kent, England at the age of 93.



Ernestina Herrera de Noble

Ernestina Herrera de Noble (June 7, 1925 – June 14, 2017) was an Argentine publisher and executive. She was the largest shareholder of the Grupo Clarín media conglomerate and director of the flagship "Clarín" newspaper. She was the first woman to become director of a mainstream newspaper in South America.

Ernestina Laura Herrera was born in Buenos Aires in 1925. She became a Flamenco dancer and met the founding publisher of "Clarín", Roberto Noble, around 1950.

As his widow, she inherited a controlling stake in "Clarín", Argentina's most widely circulated newspaper since 1965. Despite its large circulation, however, "Clarín" suffered financial difficulties when Mrs. Noble inherited the director's post.

Under her leadership, "Clarín" extended its reach into Argentine media, purchasing two second-ranked outlets, Radio Mitre and Channel 13, in 1990, Multicanal Cable TV in 1992, and other stations and magazines. She extended the partnership with "La Nación" by leading "Clarín" into a joint wire service, "Diarios y Noticias" (DyN), in 1982, and into a holding company in 1997.

De Noble died on June 14, 2017 from pneumonia in Buenos Aires, aged 92.

Sam Beazley

Sam Beazley (29 March 1916 – 12 June 2017) was a British actor. He began acting as a teenager in the 1930s. He appeared with John Gielgud in productions of "Hamlet" (1934) and "Romeo and Juliet" (1935). 

He returned to acting when he was 75. Since then has appeared in a variety of stage and movie productions. In his 90s, he became a painter. He was known for his role as Everard in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" (2007).

Beazley died on 12 June 2017 at the age of 101.

A. R. Gurney

Albert Ramsdell Gurney Jr. (November 1, 1930 – June 13, 2017) was an American playwright, novelist and academic. He was known for works including "The Dining Room" (1982), "Sweet Sue" (1986/7), "Love Letters" (1988), and "The Cocktail Hour" (1988). 

Gurney died in Manhattan on June 13, 2017, at the age of 86.

Marc-André ter Stegen

Marc-Andre Ter Stegen (born April 30, 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Barcelona and the Germany national football team. He currently has the No. 1 shirt for Barcelona and no. 22 for Germany.

Notes

Keylor Navas

Keylor Antonio Navas Gamboa (born December 15, 1986) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Nottanham Forest and the Costa Rica national football team. He currently wears the number 1 shirt for both teams. 

Sergio Romero

Sergio Romero (born February 22 1987) is an Argentinean professional footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Boca Juniors.

AZ Alkmaar

Manchester United

Boca Juniors
Argentina U20

Argentina Olympic

Argentina
Individual

Gareth Southgate

Gareth Southgate (born 3 September 1970) is an English professional football manager and former player. He is currently managing the England men's national football team. As a player, he played as defender. 

Spencer Grammer

Spencer Karen Grammer (born October 9, 1983) is an American actress best known for her roles as Summer Smith on the Adult Swim animated science fiction series "Rick and Morty" and as Casey Cartwright on the ABC Family college comedy-drama "Greek". She is the daughter of Kelsey Grammer.

Cladding

Cladding is placing one type of thing on top of another in a layer to make something like a skin. This can protect whatever is underneath the cladding from the weather, or it may make it look beautiful.

For example, Rainscreen cladding is one form of weather cladding. It protects things from rainwater and keeps it from getting too hot or cold. The cladding does not need to be waterproof. Some cladding only makes the rainwater or wind flow another way to control run-off. For example, rainscreen cladding can make water on a rooftop flow away from some parts of the building so the water does not come inside. Cladding may also stop noise. Cladding applied to windows is often referred to as window capping and is a specialized field.

Flag of Spain

The flag of Spain () has three horizontal stripes of red, yellow and red. It is also known as la Rojigualda. It was adopted 19 December 1981.

Fireproofing

Fireproofing is making a part or a structure resist a fire, while still keeping the function it was designed for. Fireproofing is a passive fire protection measure. There are different levels of certifications; higher levels of certification mean that a part or a structure can withstand a fire longer.

Fire escape

When a person needs to get away from a fire, inside a building or a tunnel, they need to do this quickly. For this reasons, fire escapes are installed, and signaled. Very often fire escapes are separate stairways, often outside the building. The first fire escape was invented in England by Daniel Maseres, in 1784.

Such installations are most common in the United States, particularly in metropolitan areas.

Attacus atlas

Attacus atlas, better known as the atlas moth, is a large moth found in Southeast Asia. It has one of the largest wing surfaces of any moth in the world, and one of the longest wingspans. Adult atlas moths have no mouth parts, so they only live one to two weeks.

François Houtart

François Houtart (7 March 1925 – 6 June 2017) was a Belgian marxist sociologist and Catholic priest. He was born in Brussels, Belgium. He participated as a peritus expert in the sessions of Vatican II (1962–1965) playing a key role in the formation of the introduction of the "Gaudium et spes". Over the years, Houtart developed a dialectical approach to the study of world religions. He was a professor at the Université catholique de Louvain.

Houtart died on 6 June 2017 in Quito, Ecuador at the age of 92.

In 2009, Houtart was awarded the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize for the Promotion of Tolerance and Non-Violence "for his lifelong commitment to world peace, intercultural dialogue, human rights and the promotion of tolerance, and in recognition of his outstanding efforts to advance the cause of social justice in the world."



Jim Graham

James McMillan "Jim" Nielson Graham (August 26, 1945 – June 11, 2017) was a Scottish-born American politician. He served as a member of the Council of the District of Columbia. He was a Democrat. He represented Ward 1 in Washington, D.C. from 1999 through 2015. He was born in Wishaw, Scotland.

Graham died on June 11, 2017 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. from complications of a lung infection caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 71.


P. N. Bhagwati

Prafullachandra Natwarlal Bhagwati (21 December 1921 – 15 June 2017) was an Indian judge. He was the 17th Chief Justice of India, serving from 12 July 1985 until his retirement on 20 December 1986. He introduced the concepts of Public Interest Litigation and Absolute liability in India, and for this reason is held along with Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer, to be a pioneer of judicial activism in the country.

Bhagwati died on 15 June 2017 at the age of 95 at New Delhi, India from renal failure.


Geoffrey Rowell

Douglas Geoffrey Rowell (13 February 1943 – 11 June 2017) was an Anglican bishop. He served as Bishop of Basingstoke and then as the third Bishop in Europe until his retirement on 8 November 2013. Following his retirement he ministered as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Chichester (from 2013) and in the Diocese of Portsmouth (from 2015). 

Rowell was born in Hampshire and died in the early morning of Trinity Sunday, 11 June 2017, in Worth, West Sussex, aged 74.


Ibrahim Abouleish

Ibrahim Abouleish (23 March 1937 – 15 June 2017) was an Egyptian pharmacologist. He was born in Mashtul, Egypt. In 1977 he returned to Egypt and founded the comprehensive development initiative SEKEM. The organization focuses on biodynamic farming methods in Egypt.

Abouleish died on 15 June 2017 in Cairo, Egypt at the age of 80.



Ajmer Singh Aulakh

Ajmer Singh Aulakh (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ: ਅਜਮੇਰ ਸਿੰਘ ਔਲਖ, 19 August 1942 – 15 June 2017) was an Indian playwright and social activist. He was born in Mansa District Punjab. Aulakh won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2006 for his book Ishaka bājha namāza dā hajja nāhī (Plays).

Aulakh died on 15 June 2017 from stomach cancer in Punjab, India at the age of 74.


Curt Hanson

Curt Hanson (1943 – June 16, 2017) was an American politician. He was born in Algona, Iowa. Curt was a member of the Iowa House of Representatives. A member of the Democratic Party, he served in the Iowa House from 2009 until his death in 2017, representing the 90th and 82nd Districts. 

Hanson died on June 16, 2017 at his home in Fairfield, Iowa of prostate cancer at the age of 73.


Wilma de Faria

Wilma de Faria (February 17, 1945 – June 15, 2017) was a Brazilian politician. She served as the governor of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte from 2003 to 2010, the first woman to hold the position. She was a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party.

Faria died on June 15, 2017 from cancer at the age of 72.

Sandwich panel

A sandwich panel is a kind of composite material, which is usually made of two components: A small outside layer (which is the same on both sides), and an inside layer, which is used to get certain properties, for example insulation or fire resistance. Aluminium is often used for the outside part - the respective panels are also known as Aluminium Composite Panels. Sandwich panels are used in situations where high structural rigidity and low weight are required. They are also used for cladding, eg. to add insulation, fire resistance, or simply to make a surface look more beautiful.

Laguna Copperplate Inscription

The Laguna Copperplate Inscription is a document marked on a copper plate in 900 AD and found in Laguna, Philippines. The document is written in Old Malay language using Kawi script. It was translated by Antoon Postma (a Dutch anthropologist) in 1992. It is evidence of ancient kingdoms of Medang, Sri Vijaya, Tondo, and others.

Baldwin Lonsdale

Baldwin Jacobson Lonsdale (21 February 1950 – 17 June 2017) was a ni-Vanuatu politician and Anglican priest. He served as President of Vanuatu from 22 September 2014 until his death in 2017. He was born in Monte Lava.

Lonsdale died on 17 June 2017 in Port Vila of a heart attack, aged 67.

Lucas Mangope

Kgosi Lucas Manyane Mangope (27 December 1923 – 18 January 2018) was a South African politician. He is the former leader of the Bantustan of Bophuthatswana and founder and former leader of the United Christian Democratic Party, a minor political party based in the North West of South Africa.

On 1 May 1971, Mangope became Chief Minister of the Bophuthatswana Legislative Assembly and retained his post following the first Bophuthatswana elections on 4 October 1972. Initially leader of the Bophuthatswana National Party, Mangope left the party following what was officially referred to as 'internal strife' and formed the Bophuthatswana Democratic Party, which then became the governing party. He became President in 1977. 

In 1988 he was briefly overthrown by members of a military police unit, and was reinstated following intervention by the South African Defence Force.

Sam Panopoulos

Sotirios "Sam" Panopoulos (; 1934 – 8 June 2017) was a Greek-born Canadian cook and businessman. He was born in Vourvoura, Greece. He was known as the inventor of Hawaiian pizza.

With his brothers Elias and Nikitas, Panopoulos owned the Satellite Restaurant in Chatham, Ontario. They offered typical American items such as burgers and fries, and also American Chinese dishes, some of which also mix sweet and savory flavours. In the early 1960s Panopoulos started offering pizzas, recently popular in the USA. In 1962 he had the idea to add canned pineapple to pizza.

Panopoulos died of cardiac arrest at a hospital in London, Ontario on 8 June 2017, aged 83.

Earl Bakken

Earl Ethan Bakken (January 10, 1924 – October 21, 2018) was an American engineer, businessman and philanthropist. He founded Medtronic, where he developed the first external, battery-operated, transistorized, wearable artificial pacemaker in 1957.

Bakken retired from Medtronic in 1989 and moved to a 9-acre estate in the Kona District of Hawaii he calls "Bakken Hale".

Bakken died at his Hawaii home on October 21, 2018 at the age of 94.


Schlieren, Switzerland

Schlieren (Zürich German: "Schlierä") is a city of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Reichsführer-SS

Reichsführer-SS () was a special title and rank that existed between the years of 1925 and 1945 for the commander of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS). "Reichsführer-SS" was a title from 1925 to 1933, and from 1934 to 1945 it was the highest rank of the SS. The longest serving and by far most noteworthy "Reichsführer-SS" was Heinrich Himmler.

In all, five people held the title of "Reichsführer-SS" during the twenty years of its existence. Three persons held the position as a title while two held the actual SS rank. 

Polyisocyanurate

Polyisocyanurate is a thermoset plastic. It is also called PIR, polyiso, or ISO. It is usually made as a foam. It is used as rigid thermal insulation. It is similar to polyurethane (PUR) except that the proportion of methylene diphenyl diisocyanate is higher and a polyester-derived polyol is used in the reaction instead of a polyether polyol. Catalysts and additives used are also different from those used in PUR.


Schöfflisdorf

Schöfflisdorf is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

It is in the Wehntal.


Schönenberg, Zürich

Schönenberg was a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Hütten and Schönenberg merged into the municipality of Wädenswil.


Schwerzenbach

Schwerzenbach is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Seegräben

Seegräben is a municipality in the district Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
Aathal, Aathal-Seegräben, Aretshalden, Sack, Ottenhausen and Wagenburg.


Brahmo Samaj

Brahmo Samaj is a Hindu reform movement founded in the 19th century in India.

During the 19th century Indian society had various social and religious problems in the Indian society. Several movements were started to help reform the society various "samajs" were formed. These included the Prathna Samaj, the Satya Shodhak Samaj, the Theosophical Society, and others. The Brahmo Samaj was one of these. It was founded by Raja Ram Mohan Roy in the year 1828. It can also be said as the first attempt by the Indians to reform their religion and end its harmful practices. While under Keshab Chandra Sen it was able to make great progress and set up many branches across India. The Brahma Samaj helped reform the Indian society.

Some of its important reforms were to end the practice of sati (the widow committing suicide on her dead husband's funeral pyre), opposing the worship of many gods, ending costly sacrifices and meaningless rituals. The movement proposed the belief that God is omnipresent, promoted inter-caste and widow remarriage, opposed child marriage and polygamy, and more.

The following doctrines, as noted in Renaissance of Hinduism, are common to all varieties and offshoots of the Brahmo Samaj:


Chernihiv

Chernihiv () is a city in Ukraine. About 300,000 people live there.

Chirnihiv is twinned with:


Seuzach

Seuzach (Swiss German: "Söizi" []) is a municipality of the district Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Offenburg

Offenburg () is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. In 2013, about 57,000 people lived there.

Landeck

Landeck is a town in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the capital of the district of Landeck.


Stadel bei Niederglatt

Stadel is a municipality in the district Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Stäfa

Stäfa is a municipality of the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is near Rapperswil on the north bank of the Lake Zurich in the Pfannenstiel region.


Stallikon

Stallikon is a municipality in Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. About 3,438 people lived in Stallikon in 2015.


Zenica

Zenica is the fourth-largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is about north of Sarajevo and is on the Bosna river, surrounded by a mountainous and hilly landscape. The city is home to 115,134 inhabitants as of 2013.

Ústí nad Labem

Ústí nad Labem (, ) is the seventh-largest city in the Czech Republic. The area has many mountains. The city is where the Bílina and Elbe rivers join.

Ústí is twinned with:


Thur (Switzerland)

The Thur is a river in north-eastern Switzerland. The length is . Its source is near the mountain Säntis in the southeast of the canton of St. Gallen. In this canton it flows through the Toggenburg region and the town of Wil. After Wil it flows through the canton of Thurgau and its capital Frauenfeld. The final of the river are in the canton of Zurich. It flows into the river Rhine on the border with Germany, south of Schaffhausen.

Bettendorf, Haut-Rhin

Bettendorf is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lecce

Lecce is a historic city in southern Italy. It is in the Apulia region. In 2015, 95,766 people lived there.

Bettlach

Bettlach can mean:

Bettlach, Haut-Rhin

Bettlach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Steinmaur

Steinmaur is a municipality in the district Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Villach

Villach (, ) is the seventh-largest city in Austria (after Klagenfurt). It is also a district of Carinthia. About 70,000 people lived there in 2016.


Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco

Fisherman's Wharf is a neighborhood and popular tourist attraction in San Francisco, California.

Carl Gustav Hempel

Carl Gustav "Peter" Hempel (January 8, 1905 – November 9, 1997) was a German mathematician and philiospher. In philiosphy, he was one of the proponents of logical positivism. He developed the Deductive-nomological model, which is also known as Hempel-Oppenheim model. He also formulated the Raven paradox.

Sternenberg, Switzerland

Sternenberg was a municipality of the district of Pfäffikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipality of Sternenberg merged into the municipality of Bauma.


Leeward slope

A leeward slope is the part of a mountain that does not face the wind i.e. the slope opposite the windward slope.

Niuean language

Niuean (Niuean: "ko e vagahau Niuē") is a Polynesian language spoken by about 8,000 people, the majority of whom live in New Zealand. There are also Niuean speakers in Niue, where almost the entire population of about 2,000 speak the language, the Cook Islands and Tonga. The closest relative of Niuean is Tongan, while Māori, Sāmoan, and Hawaiian are also quite close. 

The alphabet was written in the 19th century by Christian missionaries, being influenced by the Samoan writing system.

Iván Fandiño

Iván Fandiño Barros (September 29, 1980 – June 17, 2017) was an award winning Spanish bullfighter. He was born in Orduña-Urduña, Spain.

Fandiño died of injuries he sustained after being gored by a bull on June 17, 2017 in Aire-sur-l'Adour, France, aged 36.

Józef Grudzień

Józef Grudzień (1 April 1939 – 17 June 2017) was a Polish boxer.

Grudzień was born in Piasek Wielki, Poland. He won two medals at the Olympic Games: gold in the Lightweight division at Tokyo 1964 and silver at Mexico City 1968. He also twice won medals at the European Amateur Boxing Championships, silver at East Berlin 1965 and gold at Rome 1967.

He was the winner of the Aleksander Reksza Boxing Award 1991.

Venus Ramey

Venus Ramey (September 26, 1924 – June 17, 2017) was an American beauty pageant contest, and later an activist. She won the Miss America competition in 1944. She was born in Ashland, Kentucky.

Ramey left Kentucky to work for the war effort in Washington, D.C., and won the Miss District of Columbia pageant and then became Miss America in 1944. She was the first red-haired contestant to win the title.

Ramey died on June 17, 2017 in Science Hill, Kentucky at the age of 92.

Leopoldo S. Tumulak

Leopoldo Sumaylo Tumalak (29 September 1944 – 17 June 2017) was a Filipino Bishop of the Military Ordinariate of the Philippines He was the incumbent Military Ordinariate of the Philippines since 2005 until his death in 2017. He was born in Santander, Cebu, Philippines.

Tumulak died on 17 June 2017 at a hospital in San Juan City, Manila, Philippines from pancreatic cancer, aged 72.

Biederthal

Biederthal is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Pärnu

Pärnu is the fourth-largest city in Estonia. It has 39,828 people.


The Stanley Dynamic

The Stanley Dynamic is a children's TV show. It started on YTV on March 19, 2015. It ended on April 7, 2017. Charles Vandervaart, Taylor Abrahamse, Madison Ferguson, Kate Hewlett, and Michael Barbuto play the most important people in the show. The show was almost the winner of a Canadian Screen Award for Best Writing in a Children’s or Youth Program or Series. It was also one of the best shows at the 2016 Cynopsis Kids imagination Awards for Best New Series.

The show is about Larry Stanley and his cartoon twin brother Luke Stanley as they go through high school. It's also about the rest of the Stanley family, like Lori, their smart little sister, Lane, their dad who draws cartoons, and Lisa, their mother who works making food.





2017 Finsbury Park attack

On 19 June 2017, at 00:15 BST, police officers responded to a vehicle running over several civilians with a reported "numerous casualties" in Finsbury Park, London. The attack occurred near Finsbury Park Mosque where the van ran over several worshippers.

The car reportedly crashed close to the Finsbury Park Mosque, with many of the injured seen wearing Muslim attire. Witnesses have said this is because worshippers were leaving the mosque at the time of the incident. One person has been arrested in relation to the attack. The individual, Darren Osborne, has been confirmed to be the attacker. It is being reported that 10 people have been injured in the attack and one person has been confirmed to have died. 

A witness reported to BuzzFeed News that the driver screamed that he wanted to "kill all Muslims".

On 23 June, Darren Osborne of Cardiff was charged with terrorism-related murder and attempted murder. In early February 2018 at Woolwich Crown Court, he was found guilty on both counts and was sentenced to life imprisonment.

Tim Hague

Timothy Edward "Tim" Lee Hague (May 9, 1983 – June 18, 2017) was a Canadian mixed martial artist. He competed in the heavyweight division, most recently for Absolute Championship Berkut. He became a professional fighter in 2006, and formerly competed for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, World Series of Fighting and King of the Cage, where he went 11-0 and was the King of the Cage Canada Heavyweight Champion. He was born in Boyle, Alberta.

On June 16, 2017, he suffered a brain hemorrhage after being knocked out in a boxing match against Adam Braidwood in Edmonton, Alberta. He died on June 18, 2017 at the age of 34.

Tony Liscio

Anthony Liscio (July 2, 1940 – June 18, 2017) was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys from 1963 through 1971. He played college football at the University of Tulsa. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Liscio died from complications from ALS in Dallas, Texas on June 18, 2017 at the age of 76.


Pierluigi Chicca

Pierluigi Chicca (22 December 1937 – 18 June 2017) was an Italian fencer. He competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics in the individual and team sabre events and won a team bronze medal in 1960 and team silver medals in 1964 and 1968. He was born in Livorno, Italy.

Chicca died on 18 June 2017 in Rome, Italy, aged 79.

Shih Chun-jen

Shih Chun-jen (; 2 December 1923 – 18 June 2017) was a Taiwanese neurosurgeon. He led the Department of Health from 1986 to 1990. Shih was appointed the head surgeon at Tri-Service General Hospital, a medical institution affiliated with the National Defense Medical Center, in 1975. Two years later, he co-founded the Taiwan Neurological Society. He was born in Gosei, Taikō, Taichū Prefecture, Taiwan, Empire of Japan. 

Shih died of a heart attack at a hospital in Taipei on 18 June 2017, aged 93.

2017 Portugal wildfires

A series of wildfires erupted across central Portugal during the night of 17–18 June 2017, resulting in at least 65 deaths and at least 254 injured people. 

The majority of deaths took place in Pedrógão Grande when a fire swept across a road filled with evacuees. Portuguese officials dispatched more than 1,700 firefighters nationwide to combat the blazes and Prime Minister António Costa declared three days of national mourning.

Deseret alphabet

The Deseret alphabet () is a writing system invented in the 19th Century in America by the Mormon Church. A group of leaders called the Board of Regents created it. They were from Brigham Young University.

Brigham Young wanted all letters to match sounds, to make reading and writing easier for immigrants. Teachers taught the alphabet in the school system at the time. 

Between 1854 and 1869, books, newspapers, street signs and mail used the new alphabet. Even though the LDS church tried very hard to support the alphabet, it wasn't continued for very long.

Church leaders Brigham Young, Parley P. Pratt and Heber C. Kimball were part of the Board of Regents that made the Deseret alphabet. Other important creators were George D. Watt and William W. Phelps.

Before they decided to use the Deseret alphabet, the Board of Regents thought they would use Pitman style alphabets. On 29 November 1853, they came together to vote. Then, Willard Richards, who was sick when the Board of Regents had talked about which alphabet to use, saw the Pitman style alphabet. He said it looked too much like the English alphabet, and he wanted to start over with something new. His words convinced Brigham Young and the rest of the Board of Regents to make the Deseret alphabet. Less than two months later, the Board of Regents approved the first 38-letter Deseret alphabet. 

In the Deseret alphabet, capital letters ("majuscule" or upper case) look the same as the lower case ("minuscule") letters, except the capital letters are larger. In the chart below, the "Glyph" is the letter shape, and next to it is the letter's name, which is how it sounds.




June 2017 Champs-Élysées attack

On 19 June 2017, the driver of a car containing guns rammed the car into a police vehicle on the Champs-Élysées in Paris, France. He was immediately killed by police.

The Champs-Élysées was the site of the an attack in April.

At 3:40 pm Paris local time in Paris a man attempted to ram his vehicle into a police car on the heavily guarded Champs-Élysées. The car contained an AK47 assault rifle, handguns, and a gas canister. The attacker was killed and the incident is under investigation as possible terrorism.

Helen Freedhoff

Helen Sarah Freedhoff (January 9, 1940 – June 10, 2017) was a Canadian theoretical physicist who studied the interaction of light with atoms. She was born in Toronto, Ontario.

She gained her doctorate at the University of Toronto in 1965 and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at Imperial College in London. Freedhoff was the first woman appointed as a physics professor at York University in Toronto, and is believed to have been the only woman professor of theoretical physics in Canada at the time. She married Stephen Freedhoff while an undergraduate, and had two children, Michal Freedhoff and Yoni Freedhoff.

Freedhoff died suddenly of cardiac arrest on 10 June 2017 at the family's cottage in Muskoka, Ontario, aged 77.

Luis Lusquiños

Luis Lusquiños (27 November 1951 – 17 June 2017) was an Argentine politician. He was born in the San Luis Province. He had the highest number of absences in the 2005-2009 period. He was appointed Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers during the brief presidency of Adolfo Rodríguez Saá.

Lusquiños died on 17 June 2017 at the age of 65.

Ivan Dias

Ivan Dias (14 April 1936 – 19 June 2017) was an Indian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Bandra, a suburb of Bombay.

Dias was Prefect of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples from 2006 to 2011, having served as Archbishop of Bombay (1996–2006) and papal diplomat in the Balkans, East Asia, and West Africa. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 2001. 


Otto Warmbier

Otto Frederick Warmbier (December 12, 1994 – June 19, 2017) was an American college student. He was imprisoned in North Korea from March 2016 to June 2017 after being convicted of "hostile acts" against the country.

Warmbier, then 21 years old, confessed to stealing a political propaganda poster from a hotel and was sentenced to 15 years' hard labor. The United States made diplomatic efforts to seek Warmbier's release. A U.S. State Department spokesman said Warmbier's harsh sentence was a response to U.S. sanctions against North Korea for its nuclear activities. According to his father, Warmbier's confession was forced and he was abducted by the North Korean government for political purposes.

Warmbier fell into a coma in North Korea and was released in June 2017, after nearly 18 months in North Korea. According to North Korean authorities, Warmbier's coma was a result of botulism and a sleeping pill, but U.S. physicians cast doubt on that claim. Warmbier arrived in Cincinnati on June 13 and was taken to University of Cincinnati Medical Center for immediate evaluation and treatment. He was diagnosed with "severe neurological injury."

His father believes that he was "terrorized and brutalized".

Warmbier died on June 19, 2017, in Cincinnati, six days after his return to the United States from complications of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by botulism and sepsis. He was also suffering from pneumonia and kidney failure.

Brian Cant

Brian Cant (12 July 1933 – 19 June 2017) was an English actor, television presenter and writer. He was best known for his work in BBC television programmes for children from 1964 until his death in 2017. He was born in Ipswich, Suffolk. He was best known for presenting "Play School" and for starring as Brian the Farmer in "Dapplewood Farm". On 28 November 2010, he received the special award at the Children's BAFTAs for his work in children's television.

Cant died on 19 June 2017 in the London Borough of Hillingdon, England from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 83.


Josh Peck

Joshua Michael Peck (born November 10, 1986) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Josh Nichols in the Nickelodeon live-action sitcom "Drake & Josh". 

He began his career as a child actor in the late 90's and early 2000s, and became known to young audiences after his role on "The Amanda Show". He has since acted in movies such as "Mean Creek", "Drillbit Taylor", "The Wackness", "ATM", and "Red Dawn", along with voicing Eddie in the "Ice Age" franchise. 

He also starred as Gerald in a lead role with John Stamos in the series "Grandfathered". He also voiced Casey Jones in "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He also starred in a Netflix comedy, "Take the 10", along with Tony Revolori.

In 2023, he appeared in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer".

Peck is Jewish.

Josh has two children with his wife Paige O'Brien, viz., Max Milo (b. January 2019) and Shai Miller (b. October 2022).


Savvy Shields

Savannah Janine "Savvy" Shields (born July 1, 1995) is an American beauty queen and Miss America 2017. She won the Miss America title on September 11, 2016. Before that, she was Miss Arkansas 2016. She was crowned Miss America by Miss America 2016, Betty Cantrell.

Shields is the third Miss America from Arkansas.

Before being Miss Arkansas, Shields won the title for Miss Arkansas' Outstanding Teen in 2009. She represented Arkansas in 2010 at Miss America Outstanding Teen.

Shields worked for eating better and living better.

Shields was born in Fayetteville, Arkansas.

Alfonso Espinosa de los Monteros

Pablo Alfonso Espinosa of the Monteros Rueda (born 24 December 1941) is an Ecuadorian news anchor and vice-president of news of Ecuavisa in Quito. He holds the Guinness World Record for "Longest career as Television News broadcaster".

Espinosa de los Monteros was born on 24 December 1941 in Quito, Ecuador. His parents were from Ibarra. 

Espinosa de los Monteros worked for different radio stations in the cities of Ibarra and Guayaquil until 1962. In 1963 he was news director for Radio La Prensa. He began in Ecuavisa in 1967, the year of its foundation, as the first news anchor of the station. He was News Director for almost three decades. He hosted the Ecuadorian version of "Who wants to be millionaire" (2001 - 2004 and 2009 - 2011). He received the “Honorato Vázquez” medal from the Ecuadorian government in 1992.

In August 2014, he obtained the Guinness World Record for "Longest career as Television News broadcaster”.

Antonio Medellín

Antonio Medellín (15 April 1942 – 18 June 2017) was a Mexican actor. He was known for his roles in the telenovelas "Muchachitas" and "Rubí". In movies, he was known for his role in the 1982 drama Mexican movie "Aquel famoso Remington". He was born in Mexico City, Mexico. His career lasted from 1962 until his death in 2017.

Medellín died on 18 June 2017 at a hospital in Mexico City at the age of 75.


Pearl Carr &amp; Teddy Johnson

Pearl Lavinia Carr (2 November 1921 – 16 February 2020) and Edward Victor "Teddy" Johnson (4 September 1919 – 6 June 2018) were an English husband-and-wife team of entertainers, popular during the 1950s and early 1960s. Carr and Johnson were on British television light entertainment programmes, such as "The Winifred Atwell Show" as well as "Big Night Out" and "Blackpool Night Out". They represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1959 and finished second with the song "Sing, Little Birdie". This peaked at #12 on the UK Singles Chart.

Carr was born in Exmouth, Devon, while Johnson was born in Surbiton, Surrey. Johnson died on 6 June 2018 at the age of 98. Carr died on 16 February 2020, at the age of 98.


Alysia Reiner

Alysia Reiner (born July 21, 1970) is an American actress and stage producer. Reiner is best known for playing Natalie "Fig" Figueroa in the Netflix comedy drama series, "Orange Is the New Black" (2013–2017) for which she won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her role as part of the ensemble cast.

Reiner is Jewish.


Meitei language

Meitei language, officially known as Manipuri language, is the official language, the lingua franca and the most widely spoken language of the Indian state of Manipur. It is developed from the Ancient Meitei language. It is also one of the official languages of Assam. It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.

On 11th May of 2022, Meitei language was supported by Google Translate among 8 newly added Indian languages out of 24 total newly added languages at the same time.


Zaporizhzhia

Zaporizhzhia (, before 1921 - Oleksandrivsk) is a city in southeastern Ukraine. It is the administrative center of the Zaporizhzhia Oblast. In 2001, 817,900 people lived there.

Located on the main waterway of Ukraine - the Dnieper River, at the intersection of transport and communication corridors connecting the south with the capital of Ukraine, western and central regions, Donbass with Kryvyi Rih.

Together with the surrounding settlements it forms the Zaporizhzhia agglomeration. It is one of the largest administrative, industrial and cultural centers of southern Ukraine with advanced engineering, ferrous and nonferrous metallurgy, chemical and construction industries, a river port and an important transit railway junction. 

According to the Consolidated Scheme of District Planning of Ukraine, Zaporizhzhia occupies an important place in the regional settlement system and performs the functions of regional, international and district centers, each of which has its own zone of inter-village service. 

Thus, in the zone of influence of Zaporizhzhia as a regional center on the territory of 2690 thousand hectares there are 14 cities, 23 urban-type settlements, a significant number of villages and more than 2 million people live. The inter-district settlement system headed by Zaporizhzhia (suburban zone) is characterized by a high level of industrial and economic mastery of the territory, high value of agricultural lands and pago environment. The suburban zone covers Zaporizhzhia, Vilniansk, Orikhiv, Vasylivka and Kamyansko-Dniprovsky administrative districts of Zaporizhzhia region, the total area of ​​which is 760 thousand hectares. There are 5 cities, 6 urban-type settlements and about 300 rural settlements. The total population of the suburban area is approximately 315 thousand people. The peculiarity of the city of Zaporizhzhia is that it concentrates about 65% of the productive capacity of the region and 43% of the population of the region. 

On June 27, 2014, the decision of the Zaporizhzhia City Council adopted the final report of the working group to clarify the founding date of the city and changed the official founding date. The working group concluded that the city was founded in 952 on the basis of the treatise of the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus "On the management of the empire", as the first written mention of the settlement on both banks of the Dnieper and the island of Khortytsia. 

Until March 15, 1921, the city was called Alexandrovsk after the Alexander Fortress, founded in 1770. There is no unequivocal opinion in whose honor the fortress was named. The names of Field Marshal General Alexander Golitsyn and Prince Alexander Vyazemsky are mentioned. 

On March 15, 1921, the city was renamed Zaporizhzhia - that is, "located beyond the thresholds." 

The name reminds that before the construction of the Dnieper HPP dam in 1932 at the place where the river crosses the rocky southern edge of the Ukrainian Shield, numerous Dnieper rapids, which hinder navigation, ended.

Tarnobrzeg

Tarnobrzeg is a city in southeastern Poland. In 2009, 49,419 people lived there.


Erzurum

Erzurum is a city in eastern Anatolia, Turkey. It is the capital and largest city in Erzurum Province. The 2000 census showed 361,235 people lived there with a Kurdish minority based on the south side. The number of people increased to 367,250 by 2010. 

Thalheim an der Thur

Thalheim an der Thur is a municipality in Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Trüllikon

Trüllikon is a municipality in Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Truttikon

Truttikon is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Burghof, Gisenhard, Hausen bei Ossingen and Langenmoos.


Haute-Sorne

Haute-Sorne is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Glovelier, Soulce and Undervelier merged to form the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.


Clos du Doubs

Clos du Doubs is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs.

Clos du Doubs is about west of Delémont.


Alliance, Ohio

Alliance is a city in Ohio in the United States. Most of the city is in Stark County while a small portion is in neighboring Mahoning County. The population was 21,672 as of the 2020 census.

Castroville, Texas

Castroville is a city in Medina County, Texas, United States.

Adrian, Texas

Adrian is a city in Oldham County, Texas, United States. It is on the historic U.S. Route 66. 

128 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Pickerington, Ohio

Pickerington is a city in Fairfield and Franklin, Ohio in the United States. It is a suburb of Columbus, Ohio. 23,094 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Dry Drayton

Dry Drayton is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is about 5 miles (8 kilometres) northwest of Cambridge.

Glendora, California

Glendora is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is east of Downtown Los Angeles.

Biesheim

Biesheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Biltzheim

Biltzheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Turbenthal

Turbenthal is a municipality in Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich.


Köllerbach (Saar)

The Köllerbach (Saar) is a river of Saarland, Germany.

Elias Burstein

Elias (Eli) Burstein (September 30, 1917 – June 17, 2017) was an American experimental condensed matter physicist. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. 

His career in science lasted for 70 years. He was known for his pioneering fundamental research in the optical physics of solids; for writing and editing hundreds of articles and other publications; for bringing together scientists from around the world in international meetings, conferences, and symposia; and for training and mentoring dozens of younger physicists.

Burstein died on June 17, 2017 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania at the age of 99.


Hans Breder

Hans Breder (October 20, 1935 – June 18, 2017) was a German-American artist. His works have been presented in several places in the United States and all over the world. He has shown with the Richard Feigen Gallery (1967-1972), the Mitchell Algus Gallery, and Hachmeister Gallery.

Breder was born in Herford, Germany. He studied at Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg in Hamburg. He was married to Barbara Welch from 1984 until his death in 2017. Breder died in Iowa City, Iowa on June 18, 2017, aged 81.


Tony DiCicco

Tony DiCicco (August 5, 1948 – June 19, 2017) was an American soccer player and coach and TV commentator. He was born in Wethersfield, Connecticut.

DiCicco was best known as the coach of the United States women's national soccer team from 1994 to 1999, during which time the team won an Olympic gold medal in 1996 and the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. He was also coach of the USA team that won the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.

DiCicco died on June 19, 2017 from cancer at his home in Wethersfield, Connecticut, aged 68.


Prodigy (rapper)

Albert Johnson (November 2, 1974 – June 20, 2017), better known by his stage name Prodigy, was an American rapper. He was known for being the one half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep with Havoc. He also appeared in the 2007 drama movie "Blackout" and Eminem biopic 8 Mile.

Prodigy died of complications from sickle-cell anemia and choking on an egg at a hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada on June 20, 2017, aged 42.

Melanie (singer)

Melanie Anne Safka (February 3, 1947 – January 23, 2024), better known as Melanie, was an American singer and songwriter. She was best known for hit songs, like "Ruby Tuesday" and "Brand New Key". Another well-known song was about performing at the 1969 Woodstock Festival: "Lay Down (Candles in the Rain)".

In 1989, Melanie won an Emmy Award for writing the lyrics to "The First Time I Loved Forever". It was the theme song to the television series "Beauty and the Beast".

One of Melanie's songs, "Brand New Key", was banned by some radio stations because the lyrics could be teasing about sex.

Melanie was born in the Astoria area of Queens in New York City.

Melanie died on January 23, 2024 at the age of 76.



Central Atlantic magmatic province

The Central Atlantic magmatic province (CAMP) is the result of a huge volcanic outburst which started at the end of the Triassic period. 

It is the Earth's biggest continental large igneous province, with an area of about 11 million km. It is mainly of basalt, and formed before the breakup of Pangaea in the Mesozoic Era. It may have caused the end-Triassic extinction event. 

The subsequent breakup of Pangaea created the Atlantic Ocean and provided a legacy of basaltic dikes, sills, and lavas over a vast area around the present central North Atlantic Ocean.

St. George's, Grenada

St. George's is a city in Grenada. It is the capital. Many people come to visit.

The city grows a lot of cocoa, nutmeg, and mace spice.

Theodor Bergmann

Theodor Bergmann (March 7, 1916 – June 12, 2017) was a German agronomist and writer. He was born in Berlin. Until 1981, he was Professor for international comparisons in agrarian policy at University of Hohenheim. He was born in Berlin and of Jewish descent.

Bergmann died on June 12, 2017 in Stuttgart, Germany at the age of 101.


Leila Abashidze

Leila Abashidze (; August 1, 1929 – April 8, 2018) was a Georgian actress, director and screenwriter. She was known as Meritorious Artist of Georgia, People's Artist of Georgia.

Abashidze was awarded thr Order of the Red Banner of Labour, as well as of awards of European and Asian movie festivals, also has her own honorary star in front of Rustaveli cinema on Rustaveli Avenue in Tbilisi, Georgia.

During her career she was widely considered as "Mary Pickford of USSR". She was one of the most popular Georgian and Soviet actresses.

The 1954 movie "Dragonfly" (1954) made her a popular comedic actress. She has had one of her biggest commercial successes with the drama "Meeting Past" (1966), for which, in 1968, she was awarded on Leningrad (now: Saint Petersburg) Film Festival as a Best Actress.

She was the writer of "Anticipation" (1970), "Silence of Towers" (1978). She is director, writer and the leading actress of "Tbilisi-Paris-Tbilisi" (1980).

Abashidze died of a stroke in Tbilisi on 8 April 2018 at the age of 88.


Emil Wojtaszek

Emil Wojtaszek (27 August 1927 – 17 June 2017) was a Polish politician. He served as the minister of foreign affairs of the People's Republic of Poland from 1976 to 1980. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party. He was born in Kraków, Poland.

Wojtaszek died on 17 June 2017 in Warsaw, aged 89.

Pompeyo Márquez

Pompeyo Ezequiel Márquez Millán (28 May 1922 – 21 June 2017) was a Venezuelan politician, journalist and former marxist guerrilla member in the 1960s. He was one of the founders of Movimiento al Socialismo (MAS), and part of the opposition to the late Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez. 

In the 1980s, he was a member of the Comisión para la Reforma del Estado (COPRE). In 1989, he was appointed by Carlos Andrés Pérez as a member of the Presidential Committee for Colombian-Venezuelan Border Issues (COPAF) chaired by Ramón José Velásquez. He was Minister of Borders of the Government of Rafael Caldera.

Márquez died on 21 June 2017 in Caracas, at the age of 95.

Bernard Lown

Bernard Lown (June 7, 1921 – February 16, 2021) was a Lithuanian-born American cardiologist and anti-nuclear war activist. He was the original developer of the DC defibrillator and the cardioverter, as well as a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. 

Lown developed the direct current defibrillator for cardiac resuscitation and the cardioverter for correcting rapid disordered heart rhythms, and introduced a new use for the drug lidocaine to control heartbeat disturbances. Throughout his medical career, Lown focused on two major medical challenges: the problem of sudden cardiac death and the role of psychological stress on the cardiovascular system. His investigations led to many medical break-throughs. 

His work made possible and safe much of modern cardiac surgery, as well as a host of other innovations.

In 1985, Lown accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, an organization he co-founded with Soviet cardiologist Dr. Yevgeny Chazov, who later was Minister Of Health of the USSR.

Lown was born to a Jewish family in Utena, Lithuania, the grandson of rabbis. He was raised in Lewiston, Maine. Lown studied at the University of Maine and at Johns Hopkins University. He was married to Louise Lown. They had three children.

Lown died at his home in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts from pneumonia caused by congestive heart failure on February 16, 2021 at the age of 99.


Vanne (river)

The Vanne is a river in eastern France that flows through the Aube and Yonne departments, in the Grand Est and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté regions. The Vanne is a right tributary of the Yonne river.

The Vanne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Pont-sur-Vanne in the Yonne department.

The watershed of the Vanne is in the Aube and Yonne departments. It starts, an altitude of , under the church of the "commune" of Fontvannes. a small town that is at about to the west of the city of Troyes, the capital of the Aube department. It then flows to the southwest and gets into the Yonne department.

In Sens. the Vanne joins, by its right side, the Yonne river at an altitude of .

The Vanne flows through the following "communes":

Most of the tributaries of the Vanne are small streams; the only important tributaries (all of them left tributaries) are:



Uetikon am See

Uetikon am See is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Uitikon

Uitikon is a municipality in the district Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Unterengstringen

Unterengstringen is a municipality in the district Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Unterstammheim

Unterstammheim was a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Oberstammheim, Unterstammheim and Waltalingen merged into the new municipality of Stammheim.

Langnau

Langnau can mean:

Money in the Bank (2017)

Money in the Bank (2017) was a wrestling event watched on pay-per-view and the WWE Network. The event was made by WWE and only had wrestlers from "SmackDown". It happened on June 18, 2017 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It was the eighth Money in the Bank and the first with a Money in the Bank ladder match for women. 

Seven matches were performed at Money in the Bank and one of them was on the pre-show. Baron Corbin won the last match which was the Money in the Bank ladder match. Also, Jinder Mahal beat Randy Orton so he would still hold the WWE Championship and Carmella cheated to win the first Money in the Bank ladder match for women. The event was also interesting because it was Mike Kanellis' first time ever in WWE and Maria Kenellis' first time in WWE since 2010.

Every Money in the Bank has had a Money in the Bank ladder match which has several wrestlers and you win by climbing a ladder and grabbing the briefcase held above the ring. The winner gets a match for a world championship whenever they want. Since this event only had wrestlers from "SmackDown", the winner would not get a match for "Raw"'s world championship which is called the WWE Universal Championship. Instead, the winner would get a match for SmackDown's world championship which is the WWE Championship.

On the May 23 episode of "SmackDown", Shane McMahon announced who he chose to be in the Money in the Bank ladder match. He chose A.J. Styles, Shinsuke Nakamura, Dolph Ziggler, Sami Zayn and Baron Corbin. But Kevin Owens was upset by this because he beat A.J. at Backlash and if A.J. is in the match, he should be too. Shane then decided to add Kevin to the match.
At Backlash, Jinder Mahal beat Randy Orton with help from the Singh Brothers and won his first WWE Championship. On the next episode of "SmackDown", Jinder had a celebration but usually when a champion loses their title, they get a rematch at the following PPV. Shane McMahon came down to the ring and it turned out, Randy had asked for a rematch which Shane gave him. 

On the May 23 episode of SmackDown, Charlotte Flair, Natalya, Tamina and Becky Lynch, one by one, asked "SmackDown"'s commissioner, Shane McMahon, for a match against Naomi for her WWE SmackDown Women's Championship. Shane decided to have a fatal 5-way match between the three of them where the winner would face Naomi at Money in the Bank. But before the match, the five starting brawling. So Shane came down to the ring and said he decided to have the first ever women's Money in the Bank ladder match where the winner would get a match for the SmackDown Women's Championship whenever they want.

Burnet County, Texas

Burnet County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 49,130 people lived there. The county seat is Burnet.

Caldwell County, Texas

Caldwell County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 45,883 people lived there. The county seat is Lockhart.

Callahan County, Texas

Callahan County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 13,708 people lived there. The county seat is Baird.

Cass County, Texas

Cass County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 28,454 people lived there. The county seat is Linden.

Chambers County, Texas

Chambers County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 46,571 people lived there. The county seat is Anahuac.

Cherokee County, Texas

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 50,412 people lived there. The county seat is Rusk.

Childress County, Texas

Childress County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 6,664 people lived there. The county seat is Childress.

Clay County, Texas

Clay County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 10,218 people lived there. The county seat is Henrietta.

Coke County, Texas

Coke County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 3,285 people lived there. The county seat is Robert Lee.

Coleman County, Texas

Coleman County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 7,684 people lived there. The county seat is Coleman.

Colorado County, Texas

Colorado County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 20,557 people lived there. The county seat is Columbus.

Zoltan Sarosy

Zoltan Sarosy (August 23, 1906 – June 19, 2017) was a Canadian chess master. He was born in Budapest. He won numerous tournaments in his native country, before immigrating to Toronto in the early 1950s.

Sarosy won chess tournaments in several cities in Hungary including Nagykanizsa (1929), Pécs (1932), and Budapest (1934). During World War II he won the Hungarian Master Candidates Tournament at Diosgyor 1943. After the war, following a period in a refugee camp in West Germany, he moved to France in 1948. In 2006 he was inducted into the Canadian Chess Hall of Fame.

Sarosy died on June 19, 2017 in Toronto at the age of 110.


Steffi Martin

Steffi Martin (later Steffi Walter, 17 September 1962 – 21 June 2017) was an East German luger. He competed during the 1980s. She won gold medals in the women's singles event, first at Sarajevo in 1984 under her maiden name Martin, then became the first woman to repeat as Olympic champion at Calgary in 1988 under her married name Walter.

Martin was born in Schlema, Saxony. She also won two gold medals in the women's singles event at the FIL World Luge Championships (1983, 1985). She also won two silver medals in the women's singles event at the FIL European Luge Championships (1982, 1986).

Martin was overall Luge World Cup champion in women's singles in 1983–84 (shared with fellow East German Bettina Schmidt).

Martin died on 21 June 2017 in Hamburg, Germany from pancreatic cancer, aged 54.


Sergei Mylnikov

Sergei Aleksandrovich Mylnikov (, 6 October 1958 – 20 June 2017) was an Russian ice hockey goaltender and coach who competed in the Soviet Hockey League, National Hockey League, and the Swedish Division 2. He was born in Chelyabinsk, Russia.

He mostly played for Traktor Chelyabinsk (1976–80, 1983–89), and also briefly for SKA Leningrad (1980–82), the Quebec Nordiques (1989–90), and Skedvi/Säter IF (1993–95). He was a member of the Soviet national team, winning a gold medal at the 1988 Winter Olympics and at the 1989 and 1990 IIHF World Championships.

Mylnikov died in Moscow from heart failure on 20 June 2017 at the age of 58.

Mustafa Tlass

Mustafa Abdul Qadir Tlass (11 May 1932 – 19 June 2017) was a Syrian senior military officer and politician. He was born in Rastan, French Mandate of Syria. He was Syria's Minister of Defense from 1972 to 2004. He was part of the four-member Regional Command during the Hafez al-Assad era.

He had the rank of colonel general.

Tlass died on 19 June 2017 in Paris, France at the age of 85.

Abdul Halim Khaddam

Abdul Halim Khaddam ( (; 15 September 1932 – 31 March 2020) was a Syrian politician.

Khaddam was Vice President of Syria from 1984 to 2005. He was one of the few Sunni Muslims to make it to the top of the Alawite-dominated Syrian leadership. He was long known as a loyalist of Hafez al-Assad, and held a strong position within the Syrian government until he resigned his positions and fled the country in 2005 in protest against certain policies of Hafez's son and successor, Bashar al-Assad.

He served as interim President of Syria from 10 June 2000 to 17 July 2000 when Hafez al-Assad died in June 2000. He was later replaced by Bashar al-Assad.

Khaddam died on 31 March 2020 in France of a heart attack, aged 87.

Con Sciacca

Concetto Antonio "Con" Sciacca (13 June 1947 – 21 June 2017) was an Italian-born Australian politician of the Australian Labor Party and member of the Australian House of Representatives from July 1987 to March 1996 and again from October 1998 to October 2004, representing the Division of Bowman, Queensland. He was born in Sicily, Italy.

Sciacca died on 21 June 2017 in Brisbane, Australia from liver cancer, aged 70.

Tuomas Gerdt

Kaiho Tuomas Albin Gerdt (28 May 1922 – 1 November 2020) was a Knight of the Mannerheim Cross. Gerdt, serving as a junior runner officer in the infantry regiment 7, was awarded the Mannerheim Cross on 8 September 1942. At that time he held the rank of a Sergeant. After coming home from the war on 13 November 1944, Gerdt worked as a manager in Oy Wilh. Schauman Ab and as an office manager in Oy Kaukas Ab and Kymmene Oy. He was born in Heinävesi, Finland. 

Gerdt, serving as the chairman of the Mannerheim Cross Knight Foundation, is the last living Knight of the Mannerheim Cross.

Gerdt died on 1 November 2020 in Helsinki at the age of 98.


You'll Never Walk Alone

"You'll Never Walk Alone" is a famous song by Rodgers and Hammerstein. The song is part of the musical, "Carousel". It was first released in 1945. A version by Mersey Beat band Gerry and the Pacemakers was recorded in 1963. This cover of "You'll Never Walk Alone" soon became a very popular song with football fans. This is most famous with Liverpool Football Club.

Anthony Browne (author)

Anthony Edward Tudor Browne (born 11 September 1946) is a British writer and illustrator of children's books, mainly picture books, with nearly forty titles to his name. For his lasting contribution as a children's illustrator he won the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2000. From 2009 to 2011 he was Children's Laureate.


Alexa Bliss

Alexis Kaufman (born August 9, 1991) is an American professional wrestler. She is currently signed to WWE. She is better known by her ring name Alexa Bliss. Kaufman signed a contract with WWE in May 2013. She trained at the WWE Performance Center. She first performed as Bliss for WWE NXT. In July 2016 Bliss was moved to WWE SmackDown where she won the WWE SmackDown Women's Championship two times, the first person to win it twice. She moved to Raw in April 2017. She won the WWE Raw Women's Championship later that month. Bliss was the first person to win both the Smackdown and Raw Women's championships.

Kaufman said that watching Trish Stratus and Rey Mysterio got her into wrestling. She is a big fan of Disney, when she was younger her family went to Walt Disney World each year. She also supports her hometown ice hockey team the Columbus Blue Jackets. Kaufman was engaged to another wrestler Matthew Adams, who is best known by his ring name Buddy Murphy.



The Beguiled (movie)

The Beguiled is a 2017 American drama movie. It was written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It was based on the novel "The Beguiled", written by Thomas P. Cullinan.

The movie is about an injured Union soldier, Cpl. John McBurney. He is a deserter during the American Civil War. He goes to an all-female Southern boarding school. The teachers and students are more than willing to help. Sexual tension leads to dangerous rivalries when the women tend to the soldier's wounded leg and offer him comfort and companionship.


"The Beguiled" was first shown on May 24, 2017. It was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at 2017 Cannes Film Festival. Sofia Coppola won the Best Director award. She was the second woman to wint it.

Rotten Tomatoes has the movie at 73%, which means good reviews. On Metacritic, the movie has a rating score of 77 out of 100.

Sofia Coppola

Sofia Carmina Coppola (born May 14, 1971 in New York City) is an American screenwriter, actress, director and producer. She is the daughter of director, producer and screenwriter Francis Ford Coppola.

In 2003, Coppola won the Academy Award for Best Director. In 2010, she became the first American woman to win the Golden Lion award.

In 2017, Coppola directed "The Beguiled". This movie stars Kirsten Dunst and Nicole Kidman.

Jean-Pierre Kahane

Jean-Pierre Kahane (11 December 1926 – 21 June 2017) was a French mathematician. He was born Paris, France.

Kahane attended the École normale supérieure and obtained the "agrégation" of mathematics in 1949. He then worked for the CNRS from 1949 to 1954, first as an intern and then as a research assistant. He defended his PhD in 1954; his advisor was Szolem Mandelbrojt.

He was assistant professor, then professor of mathematics at University of Montpellier from 1954 to 1961. Since then, he has been professor until his retirement in 1994, then professor emeritus at the Université Paris-Sud in Orsay.

Kahane died on 21 June 2017 in Paris, aged 90.


Robert M. Shoemaker

Robert Morin Shoemaker (February 18, 1924 – June 21, 2017) was an American military personnel. He was a U.S. Army general and former commander of the United States Army Forces Command (FORSCOM). He was also an inductee into the Aviation Hall of Fame. He was born in Almont, Michigan.

Shoemaker died on June 21, 2017 at a hospital in Harker Height, Texas at the age of 93.


Gunter Gabriel

Gunter Gabriel (born Günter Caspelherr; 11 June 1942 – 22 June 2017) was a German singer, musician and composer. Gabriel became famous in Germany as singer of Schlager songs. He published "Wer einmal tief im Keller saß. Erinnerungen eines Rebellen" with Oliver Flesch in 2009.

Gabriel died on 22 June 2017 in Hannover from complications of a fall at the age of 75.

Frank Kush

Frank Joseph Kush (January 20, 1929 – June 22, 2017) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Windber, Pennsylvania. 

Kush was the head coach at Arizona State University from 1958 to 1979. He was also the head coach of the Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1981, the National Football League's Baltimore/Indianapolis Colts from 1982 to 1984, and the Arizona Outlaws of the United States Football League in 1985. 

Kush was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1995. Kush was of Polish descent and was inducted into the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame.

Kush on June 22, 2017 in Phoenix, Arizona from complications of dementia at the age of 88.

Keith Loneker

Keith Joseph Loneker (June 21, 1971June 22, 2017) was an American actor and American football player. He was born in Roselle Park, New Jersey. For much of his short career, his large football-lineman build garnered him roles largely as thugs or football players. He played for the St. Louis Rams from 1993 through 1995 and later for the Atlanta Falcons in 1996. His first movie was director Steven Soderbergh's "Out of Sight" (1998) and later the Neil LaBute thriller, "Lakeview Terrace" (2008).

Loneker died on June 22, 2017 in Lawrence, Kansas from cancer, aged 46.

Gene Reynolds

Gene Reynolds (April 4, 1923 – February 3, 2020) was an American actor turned award-winning television writer, director, and producer. He was one of the producers of the popular TV series "M*A*S*H".

Reynolds appeared in "In Old Chicago" (1937), "Captains Courageous" (1937), "Love Finds Andy Hardy" (1938), "Boys Town" (1938), [Of Human Hearts] film (1938) by Clarence Brown with Walter Houston and James Stewart]"They Shall Have Music" (1939), "Santa Fe Trail" (1940), "Eagle Squadron" (1942) and "The Country Girl" (1954) and on television series like "I Love Lucy", "Armstrong Circle Theatre", "Whirlybirds", and "Hallmark Hall of Fame".

Reynolds died of heart failure on February 3, 2020 at a hospital in Burbank, California at the age of 96.

Designated survivor (disambiguation)

Designated Survivor or Designated survivor may refer to:


Moudon (district)

The District of Moudon was a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the town of Moudon.




Orbe (district)

The District of Orbe was a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the town of Orbe.

As of 2006 it became part of the Jura-Nord vaudois District.

It contained the following municipalities:


Ural (river)

The Ural River is a river in the European country of Russia. It is 1,509 miles (2,428 kilometers) long. It is generally considered to be the border between the continents of Europe and Asia. The river flows from the Ural Mountains to the Caspian Sea and is the third longest river in Europe. Some of the large cities the river runs through are Orsk and Uralsk.

Urdorf

Urdorf is a municipality of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


El Paso County, Colorado

El Paso County is a county in the state of Colorado in the United States. The county seat is Colorado Springs. In 2020, 730,395 lived there, meaning it is the second most populous county in Colorado after Denver.

Uster

Uster is a city and capital of the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

It is the third-largest city in the canton of Zurich. About 35,000 people live there. It is one of the twenty largest cities in Switzerland. It is next to lake Greifensee.

The city of Uster received the Wakker Prize in 2001.

In 1099, the House of Rapperswil gave the city St. Andreas Church.

Kirchuster, Freudwil, Nänikon, Niederuster, Nossikon, Oberuster, Riedikon, Sulzbach, Wermatswil, Werrikon, Winikon-Gschwader and Uster


Gärtringen

Gärtringen is a municipality of the district Böblingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 25 km southwest of Stuttgart and consists of the villages Rohrau and Gärtringen.

Cerebral infarction

A cerebral infarction is an area of necrotic tissue in the brain caused from a blockage or narrowing in the arteries supplying blood and oxygen to the brain. 

The lack of oxygen due to the low blood supply causes an ischemic stroke that can result in an infarction if the blood flow is not restored within a relatively short period of time. The blockage can be due to a thrombus, an embolus or an atheromatous stenosis of one or more arteries. 

Which arteries are problematic will determine which areas of the brain are affected (infarcted). These varying infarcts will produce different symptoms and outcomes. About one third will prove fatal.

Fredrik Skagen

Fredrik Skagen (30 December 1936 – 20 June 2017) was a Norwegian writer. He was born in Trondheim. 

Skagen was best known for his crime fiction, but is also the author of some children's books and several radio plays. His first book was published in 1968. His works have been translated into German, Danish, Swedish, Dutch and French.

Skagen has received several awards, including the Norwegian Booksellers' Prize in 1985 and the Glass Key Award in 1996 for best Nordic crime novel.

Michalovce

Michalovce (; , , Romani: "Mihalya", Yiddish: "Mikhaylovets" or "Mykhaylovyts"; ) is a town in eastern Slovakia.

Michalovce is twinned with:


Mr. Pogo

Sekigawa died in a Gunma, Japan hospital on June 23, 2017, at the age of 66, from a cerebral infarction during back surgery.


Villarreal

Villarreal is a city in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain. In 2010, 51,367 people lived there.

Gabe Pressman

Gabriel Stanley "Gabe" Pressman (February 14, 1924 – June 23, 2017) was an American journalist. He was a reporter for WNBC-TV in New York City for more than 50 years. He was one of the pioneers of United States television news and has been credited as the first reporter to have left the studio for on-the-scene "street reporting" at major events. 

His career spanned more than 60 years, covering events from the sinking of the "Andrea Doria" in 1956, to the assassinations of JFK and Martin Luther King Jr., to the Beatles' first trip to the United States, the attempted assassination on Ronald Reagan and to the attacks on the World Trade Center on 9/11. 

Dubbed the "Dean of New York Journalism," he won a Peabody Award and 11 Emmys over the course of his career, and was considered a New York icon.

He was born in The Bronx, New York. Pressman died in his sleep at his home in Manhattan on June 23, 2017. He was 93 years old.


Mackay, Queensland

Mackay is a city in Queensland, Australia. It is about north of Brisbane, on the Pioneer River.

Saman Kelegama

Saman Kelegama (6 April 1959 – 23 June 2017) was a Sri Lankan economist and author. He served as the Executive Director of the Institute of Policy Studies(Sri Lanka) (IPS) until his death in 2017. He was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He also served as the Chairperson of the Evaluation Committee on "Best Corporate Citizen Award" of the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce from 2004 to 2013; and was the head of the panel of judges for the "Exporter of the Year Award" of the National Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka from 1998 to 2008.

Kelegama died on 23 June 2017 of a heart attack while attending a seminar in Bangkok, Thailand. He was 58 yeas old.


Resistencia, Chaco

Resistencia, officially known as City of Resistencia, is an Argentinian city, capital and the most important city of the province of Chaco, in addition to its main social and economic center. It is also the head of a metropolitan area, known as Great Resistance, which in 2010 reached 385,726 people. Located to the southeast of the province, on the right bank of the Paraná River (shortly after receiving this to the Paraguay River), it is 18 km from the city of Corrientes, to which the General Belgrano Bridge links it. Between both they form a conurbano of near 800,000 people. It has more than 600 sculptural works in the streets of the city, and is called the National Capital of Sculptures.

Stefano Rodotà

Stefano Rodotà (30 May 1933 – 23 June 2017) was an Italian jurist and politician. He served as Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies from 30 April 1992 through 4 June 1992. He was born in Cosenza, Italy. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the Left and later became an Independent. In 2013, Rodotà became a candidate for President of Italy for the Five Stars Movement nomination.

Rodotà died in Rome, Italy on 23 June 2017 at the age of 84.


Bischwihr

Bischwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bisel

Bisel is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bitschwiller-lès-Thann

Bitschwiller-lès-Thann is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

It lies in the Thur River Valley near the Vosges mountains.

Blodelsheim

Blodelsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Wiener Neustadt

Wiener Neustadt is a city in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. It is about south of Vienna. About 50,000 people lived there in 2016.


Barletta

Barletta is an Italian city in Apulia. It has 94,712 people.

Hudson, Ohio

Hudson is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. 23,110 people lived there in 2020. A skeleton of a formerly unidentified decedent was discovered in Hudson in 2019. 

The city is named after its founder, David Hudson.

Deer Park, Ohio

Deer Park is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Canfield, Ohio

Canfield is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Blotzheim

Blotzheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Volken

Volken is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Cote de Pablo

Maria Jose de Pablo Fernandez, also known as Cote de Pablo (born November 12, 1979 in Santiago, Chile), is a Chilean-American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Ziva David on the television series "NCIS". After she left in season 11, Cote appeared in "The 33", a movie about the Chilean mining disaster.

Faydee

Fady Fatrouni (born 2 February 1987) also known as his stage name Faydee is an Australian singer and songwriter. He is best known for his song "Habibi (I Need Your Love)" which he did with Shaggy, Mohombi, Faydee and Costi. The song has been sang in different languages.

Fady was born on February 2, 1987 in Sydney, Australia. His parents came from Tripoli, Lebanon. Fady is the oldest of five children. He has two sisters and two brothers. Fady's interest in music began through his cousins, who would record beats and rap and sing over them for entertainment. At the age of thirteen, he began writing and recording music from his bedroom.

Fatrouni was discovered online at the age of 19 by Ronnie Diamond who is the owner and founder of Buckle Up Entertainment. In 2008, Fatrouni joined producer Divy Porta. Together they made successful music like "Say My Name" and "Forget the World".

He has partnered with Shaggy, Mohombi,Dj Sava, Kat DeLuna, Leftside, Kay One, Claydee, Adam Saleh and many more.

In 2013, Fatrouni released a song called "Laugh Till You Cry" which he did with Australian singer Lazy J.

In 2014, he released "Habibi (I Need Your Love)".

In 2015, Fatrouni released "Lullaby" which was a success in Romania. It peaked at number 9 on the charts. "Sun Don't Shine" peaked at number 1 in Bulgaria and Azerbaijan.

In 2016, he collaborated with Divy Pota and released an EP called "Legendary" which contains "Amari", "Legendary", "Ya Linda", "If I Didn't Love You" and "Jealous". He did a song called "Nobody" with Kat DeLuna and Leftside. Faydee and Dj Sava released a song called "Love In Dubai". He did a song with Kay One called "Believe".

On 12 September 2015, Faydee was given Best European Artist Award during Big Apple Music Awards, in Hamburg, Germany. End of 2016, BMI announced Faydee as winner for his song "Habibi (I Need Your Love)". On 10 October 2016, he was given the achievement award for being known of the great national popularity as measured by broadcast performances event presented by BMI in London. And on 27 November 2016, he received from Big Apple Music Awards 2016 in New York, the Nest Australian Act 2016 Award. He also performed for the first time in New York.






Volketswil

Volketswil is a municipality of the district of Uster in the Swiss canton of Zurich.
Volketswil, Hegnau, Zimikon, Kindhausen and Gutenswil.


Anthony DiNozzo

Anthony D. "Tony" DiNozzo Jr. is a fictional character from the CBS Television series "NCIS". He is played by Michael Weatherly. Before joining NCIS as the Major Case Response Team senior field agent, he was a police detective in Baltimore.

In January 2016, Weatherly and CBS said that Season 13 would be DiNozzo's last as a regular part of the show.

Wädenswil

Wädenswil, locally often called: "Wädi" or "Wädischwil", is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Hütten and Schönenberg merged into the municipality of Wädenswil.



Au, Zürich

Au is a village of the municipality of Wädenswil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Zwillikon

Zwillikon (Swiss German: "Zwilike") is a village in the municipality of Affoltern am Albis in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Ada, Ohio

Ada is a village of Ohio in the United States.

Peter the Aleut

Peter the Aleut (d. 1815), also known as Cungagnaq, is a saint in some parts of the Eastern Orthodox Church. He was a native of Kodiak Island in what is now Alaska (being a member of the people). He received the name Peter when he was baptized as a Christian by Herman of Alaska's missionaries operating to the north. He is said to have been captured by Spanish soldiers working near San Pedro (thought to be San Francisco or somewhere else in southern California).

Italian invasion of French Somaliland

The Italian invasion of French Somaliland (Djibouti) was an Italian campaign during World War II. It resulted in an Italian occupation of nearly 1/4 of the French Somaliland territory from summer 1940 until spring 1941.

In summer 1940 the Italians occupied the western areas of French Somaliland, while attacking southern France. The armistice stopped their advance. In early 1941 they withdrew from the areas occupied, because of the British attacks on Italian East Africa (Eritrea, Somalia & Ethiopia).

In June 1940 and until September 1940 the Italians did a series of attacks in Africa: one was in the "Cote Francaise des Somalis" (now called Djibouti). 
In June 1940 the French commander in Djibouti, Brigadier-General Paul Legentilhomme, had nearly 9,000 men in seven battalions of Senegalese and Somali infantry. Legentilhomme also had three batteries of field guns, four batteries of anti-aircraft guns, a company of 16 light Renault R35 tanks, four companies of militia and irregulars, two platoons of camel corps, and an assortment of 18 aircraft. 
The Italians had on the eastern border of their Italian Ethiopia -under the "Commander" General Guglielmo Nasi and with the support of the "Regia Aeronautica"- nearly 40,000 soldiers: the 40th Infantry Division Cacciatori d'Africa of General Giovanni Varda, the 65th Infantry Division Granatieri di Savoia of general Amedeo Liberati and 6 colonial brigades supported by 4 tank companies (mainly Fiat L3/35 tankettes) and by one Armored Car Company with Fiat 611 "autoblindo". 
But only the Italian colonial troops (the brigades were made mainly of Eritrean Ascari) fought inside the French Somaliland, while the division "Cacciatori D'Africa" only entered southern coastal French Somalia during the August attack on British Zeila.
After Italy's declaration of war on France and Great Britain on June 10, there were in the following week some skirmishing between the French and Italians around the railroad connecting Addis Ababa to Djibouti: the nearby French fort of Ali-Sabieh was hit by Italian colonial troops. 
The invasion was started from Italian Ethiopia's Harrar Governorate, when colonial troops of general Guglielmo Nasi attacked the fort of Ali-Sabieh in the south and Daddato in the north. After some days of heavy fighting the french garrisons surrendered to the Italian colonial troops. There were initial skirmishes even in the area of Dagguirou and around the lakes Abhe & Ally. 
After the first week the Italian aviation started to attack: on 17 June some Italian IMAM Ro.37 aircraft undertook a reconnaissance of Djibouti, noting five or six warships in the port and about twenty aircraft at a nearby aerodrome. On 21 June eleven Caproni Ca.133s bombed Djibouti in the largest raid of the colony's brief war. Anti-aircraft fire was intense and two Italian aircraft failed to return, but fires and explosions were seen in Djibouti.
Overnight, several waves of Savoia-Marchetti SM.81 bombers attacked the port facilities. On 22 June the Italians suspected the British might try to establish a forward base at Djibouti, and five Ro.37bis, four Fiat CR.42 and one Fiat CR.32 aircraft hit the airfield there. Some French Potez 25 reconnaissance aircraft bombed Italian installations at Dewele in retaliation.
The invasion was also done inside the ""Territorial waters"" of French Somaliland in the gulf of Tadjoura. Since the first week the Italian Navy sent two submarines ("Torricelli" & "Perla") to patrol the waters in front of Djibouti city, Tadjoura and Oblock.
The Armistice of Villa Incisa (previously written on June 24) requested officially on June 25 the "forced demilitarisation of Gibuti", according to articles 3, 5 and 9.
Finally between 1 and 10 July 1940 several clashes with the Italians took place again on the plain of Hanlé, at Ali-Sabieh and along the railroad. The border area of western French Somalia was occupied by Italian troops, who withdrew from Hanlé in October 1940 and only in March 1941 from Dagguirou.
Since July the Italians occupied nearly 1/4 of French Somaliland, but it was nearly all a semi-desert and depopulated region. Meanwhile, as a consequence of the problems about Legentilhomme withdrawal, the Italians reinforced their garrisons in Hanlé and Daggirou (also with the construction of a new road from Italian Eritrea). 
When Italian troops attacked British Somaliland in August 1940, they occupied the southern coast of the "Cote Francaise des Somalis": the 17th Colonial Brigade under Colonel Agosti occupied the French fort at Loyada on the border with British Somaliland. Later, when the Italian invasion of British Somaliland began on 3 August, the forces at Loyada moved on Zeila, which they conquered by 5 August.
Dagguirou (and all northern French Somaliland bordering Italian Eritrea) remained under Italian control until March 1941.

Wilmot Proviso

The Wilmot Proviso was a suggested American law to outlaw slavery in territory acquired from Mexico in the Mexican–American War. The conflict over the Wilmot proviso was one of the main events leading to the American Civil War. 

Long sprint

A long sprint is a track and field event involving the 400 m, or on the indoor track, the 300 m. Michael Johnson formerly held the world records in the outdoor 400 m, indoor 400 m, relay and indoor 300 m (in addition to the outdoor and indoor 200 m).

Lung tumor

Lung tumors are tumors that grow in the lungs. Some of the tumors are cancer. Some tumors are benign, or non-cancerous. There are many types of lung cancer. Some types are common and some are rare. Lung tumors can be cancer that has spread to the lungs coming from a different part of the body.
Some lung tumors are:


Relaxin

Relaxin is a peptide hormone.

Relaxin is produced in females. It rises to a peak about 14 days after ovulation, and then declines if the egg is not fertilised. During the first three months of pregnancy, levels rise and more relaxin is produced. Relaxin adjusts blood supply during pregnancy. It also relaxes pelvic ligaments. It softens the pubic symphysis (the ligaments joining the bottom of the pelvis).

In males, relaxin also has a function: it enhances motility of sperm in semen.

In animals, relaxin widens the pubic bone and facilitates labor. It also softens the cervix (cervical ripening), and relaxes the uterine musculature. Thus, for a long time, relaxin was looked at as a pregnancy hormone. However, its significance may reach much further. Relaxin affects collagen metabolism, inhibiting collagen synthesis and enhancing its breakdown. 

Willi Stoph

Willi Stoph (July 9, 1914 in Berlin - April 13, 1999 in Berlin) was an East German politician.

Stoph was Prime Minister of East Germany from 1964 to 1973 and from 1976 to 1989.

In between, from 1973 to 1976, he was Chairman of the State Council of the German Democratic Republic (President).


Wald, Zürich

Wald is a municipality in the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Wallisellen

Wallisellen is a municipality in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is in the district of Bülach.


Waltalingen

Waltalingen was a municipality of the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Oberstammheim, Unterstammheim and Waltalingen merged into the new municipality of Stammheim.


Wangen-Brüttisellen

Wangen-Brüttisellen is a municipality of the district of Uster in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Wasterkingen

Wasterkingen (Zurich German: "Waschterchinge") is a municipality in the district Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Weiach

Weiach is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Weiach has belonged to the Swiss Confederation since 1424. Since 1962 there has been a gravel industry in town.


Oron (district)

The Oron District was a district in the Swiss canton of Vaud. The seat of the district was the municipality of Oron-la-Ville.

It contained the following municipalities:


Payerne (district)

The District of Payerne was a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the town of Payerne. As of 2006 it is part of the Broye-Vully District.

Pays-d'Enhaut District

The Pays-d'Enhaut District was a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the municipality of Château-d'Œx.

As of 2006 it is part of the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District.



Rolle (district)

The District of Rolle was a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the town of Rolle.

As of 2006 it is part of Nyon District, except the town of Allaman which is now part of the Morges District.

La Vallée (district)

The District of La Vallée was a district in the canton of Vaud. The seat of the district was the municipality of Le Chenit. It is now part of the Jura-Nord vaudois District.



Vevey (district)

The District of Vevey was a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The seat of the district was the city of Vevey.

As of 2008 it is part of the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District.

Tabaré Hackenbruch

Tabaré Hackenbruch (26 November 1928 – 19 June 2017) was an Uruguayan politician. He was born in Canelones, Uruguay. He was a member of the Colorado Party, he started his long political career supporting the successful candidacy of Tomás Berreta for President. He also worked in the newspaper "Acción" alongside Julio María Sanguinetti.

Hackenbruch was elected Mayor of Canelones Department for three terms: 1985-1990, 1995-2000 and 2000-2005; in the 2000 election, he had the support of several politicians from the National Party.

In the end he had very low approval ratings and a lot of irregularities were reported.

Yverdon (district)

The District of Yverdon was a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the city of Yverdon-les-Bains.





Nikolai Zhugan

Nikolai Pavlovich Zhugan (; 23 February 1917 – 22 June 2017) was an Air Force Major General. He was a member of the Great Patriotic War, and Hero of the Soviet Union (1944). He was born in Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire.

Zhugan died on 22 June 2017 in Krasnodar, Russia at the age of 100.

Tonny van der Linden

Anthonie "Tonny" van der Linden (19 November 1932 – 23 June 2017) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Eredivisie clubs DOS and Elinkwijk. In 1958, he won the Eredivisie title with DOS. Between 1957 and 1963, he capped 24 times for the Netherlands national team, scoring 17 goals. He was born in Zuilen, Netherlands.

Van der Linden died on 23 June 2017 in Vianen, Netherlands at the age of 84.


Weiningen

Weiningen is a municipality of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Nils Nilsson (ice hockey player)

Nils Erik "Dubbel-Nisse" Nilsson (8 March 1936 – 24 June 2017) was a Swedish ice hockey forward and footballer. Between 1954 and 1967 he played 205 international matches and scored 131 goals, which is the second-best scoring result, behind that of Sven Tumba. 

Nilsson won the world title in 1957 and 1962, finishing second in 1963 and 1967 and third in 1958 and 1965. He competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics, and finished in fourth, fifth and second place, respectively. He was the best forward of the 1960 tournament and was selected to the all-star team at the 1962 World Championships. 

In 2002, he was inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame.

Nilsson won only one national title, in his last season (1969). Yet he was awarded the Goldpucken award in 1966 as the best Swedish player and the Rinkens riddare award in 1967 for sportsmanlike behavior, and was selected to the Swedish all-star team in 1959, 1960, 1962, 1965 and 1967.

Nilsson also played football with Djurgårdens IF, IK Göta and Karlstad BK, and won the national title with Djurgården in 1959. After retiring from competitions he worked as a product developer with Jofa, a Swedish manufacturer of sporting equipment.

Nilsson died in Stockholm, Sweden on 24 June 2017 at the age of 81.


Weisslingen

Weisslingen, locally often called: "Wislig", is a municipality of the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Grandval

Grandval can mean:

Oberthal

Oberthal can mean:

Oberwil

Oberwil can mean:

Niederwil

Niederwil can mean:

Niederdorf

Niederdorf can mean:

Röthenbach

Röthenbach can mean:


Martigny

Martigny can mean:


in France:

in Switzerland:

Mollens

Mollens is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Sant'Antonino (disambiguation)

Sant'Antonino can mean:


Benken

Benken is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Gossau

Gossau is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Zuzwil

Zuzwil can mean:

Oerlikon (Zürich)

Oerlikon is a quarter in district 11 of the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Zürich.

Burgdorf

Burgdorf can mean:

Neuchâtel (disambiguation)

Neuchâtel is a city in Switzerland:


Münchwilen

Münchwilen can mean:

Oberdorf

Oberdorf or Oberdorff can mean:





Paradigm

In philosophy of science, a paradigm is a way of thinking about a problem. The word comes from Greek παράδειγμα ("paradeigma"), "pattern, example, sample" from the verb παραδείκνυμι ("paradeiknumi"), "exhibit, represent, expose" and that from παρά ("para"), "beside, beyond" and δείκνυμι ("deiknumi"), "to show, to point out". Paradigm can also be used to refer to a set of ideas about a given subject. The idea that the Earth is the center of the universe, or that the Earth and other planets move around the sun are examples of paradigms. One of the first modern people to use the word was Georg Christoph Lichtenberg (1742-1799), an 18th century mathematician and scientist.

In rhetoric, paradeigma is known as a type of proof. The purpose of paradeigma is to provide an audience with an illustration of similar occurrences. This illustration is not meant to take the audience to a conclusion, however it is used to help guide them there. A personal accountant is a good comparison of paradeigma to explain how it is meant to guide the audience. It is not the job of a personal accountant to tell their client exactly what (and what not) to spend their money on, but to aid in guiding their client as to how money should be spent based on their financial goals. Anaximenes defined paradeigma as, "actions that have occurred previously and are similar to, or the opposite of, those which we are now discussing." Aristotle uses the word in a similar way, in inductive logic. usually, induction is used to get from a number of special cases to a general one. Aristotle uses the word to get from one special case to another.

The original Greek term "παράδειγμα" (paradeigma) was used in Greek texts such as Plato's Timaeus (28A) as the model or the pattern that the Demiurge (god) used to create the cosmos. The term had a technical meaning in the field of grammar: the 1900 "Merriam-Webster" dictionary defines its technical use only in the context of grammar or, in rhetoric, as a term for an illustrative parable or fable. In linguistics, Ferdinand de Saussure used "paradigm" to refer to a class of elements with similarities.


Parker Lee McDonald

Parker Lee McDonald (May 23, 1924 – June 24, 2017) was an American jurist. He served as Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court. He was born in Sebring, Florida. He was a judge from the U.S. state of Florida. McDonald served as a Florida Supreme Court justice from 1979 to 1994, and was chief justice from 1986 to 1988.

McDonald died in Tallahassee, Florida on June 24, 2017, aged 93.

Bruxism

Bruxism is the problem of too much tooth grinding or jaw clenching. It is not a normal use for teeth like eating or talking. Bruxism is a common problem that affects 8–31% of people. Bruxism can wear down teeth, make them too sensitive, and cause headaches and jaw pain. It can also harm dental work like crowns and fillings. Sometimes these problems are not noticed, so not everyone with bruxism knows they have it.

There are two main kinds of bruxism: sleep bruxism and awake bruxism. Sleep bruxism happens when the person sleeps, and awake bruxism happens when the person is awake. Symptoms of sleep bruxism are often worse when waking up. Awake bruxism can feel fine when waking up, then get worse as the day goes on. There may be many reasons why people grind their teeth and clench their jaws. Awake bruxism may have different causes from sleep bruxism. Females are more likely to have awake bruxism. Sleep bruxism affects males as often as females. Several treatments are used, but none are proved to be very effective.

Ada

Ada may refer to:






Saetgang Station

Saetgang Station is a train station of Seoul Subway Line 9, located in Yeouido, Seoul, South Korea.


Station has 2 side platforms, 4 tracks; two tracks are for passing express train. As local(All stop) train stops at platform, express train passes by using the passing track.

Data of 2009 is calculated from July 24 (First Opened) ~ December 31.

Southaven, Mississippi

Southaven is a city in northwestern Mississippi. It is a suburb of Memphis, Tennessee. It is in DeSoto County. The city is near the Arkansas and Tennessee state borders. There were around 54,648 people living in Southaven, as of the 2020 census.

The city was incorporated on April 15, 1980.

Gordon Wilson (Scottish politician)

Robert Gordon Wilson (16 April 1938 – 25 June 2017) was a Scottish politician and solicitor. He was the leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) from 1979 to 1990, and was SNP Member of Parliament for Dundee East from 1974 to 1987. He was Rector of the University of Dundee from 1983 to 1986.

Wilson died in Edinburgh on 25 June 2017 at the age of 79 from a short illness.

Maria Mutagamba

Maria Emily Lubega Mutagamba (5 September 1952 – 24 June 2017), was a Ugandan economist and politician. She was the minister of tourism, wildlife and antiquities in the Ugandan Cabinet from 15 August 2012 until 6 June 2016.

From 2011 to 2012, she was the minister of water and environment. She also served as the elected member of Parliament for Rakai District Women's Representative from 2001 until 2016.

Mutagamba died on 24 June 2017 at Case Medical Centre in Kampala from complications of liver cancer, aged 64.


Mats Johansson

Mats Erik Johansson (26 December 1951 – 24 June 2017) was a Swedish journalist and politician. He was a member of the Moderate Party and served as a member of the Riksdag from 2006 to 2014. He was also a delegate in the Foreign Affairs Committee, The War Delegation.

Johansson was a Delegate to The Parliamentary Assembly of The Council of Europe (PACE), Standing Rapporteur on Media Freedom, PACE, Member of the Board of The Public Service Companies Owner Foundation, and Chairman and founder of Stockholm Free World Forum, a foreign policy think-tank. Johansson was an editor for "Svenska Dagbladet" and "Svensk Tidskrift".

Johansson died on 24 June 2017 in Stockholm at the age of 65.

Mike Gartner

Michael Alfred Gartner (born October 29, 1959) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 19 seasons in the National Hockey League. In 2017 Gartner was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.

Excellency

Excellency is an honorific style that is given to members of a certain organization or state, usually a president or governor. Once a person gets the title of "Excellency" it is usually held by that person for the rest of their life though this is not always the case. For example some countries presidents get the title of "Excellency" but only hold it for their time in that office.

Doubs (river)

The Doubs is a river in eastern France and western Switzerland. It is a left tributary of the Saône river that flows through the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region and the French-speaking Switzerland.

The Doubs department is named after this river.

The Doubs river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Neublans-Abergement, a "commune" in the Jura department near the confluence of the Doubs and the Saône.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Neublans-Abergement (52 years)
The Doubs river starts in the "commune" of Mouthel in the Doubs department, at an altitude of about in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border. Then it flows to the northeast and pass through the "Lac de Saint-Point" lake and forms the border between France and Switzerland for several kilometres before going into Switzerland, into the canton of Jura, in the region known as "Clos du Doubs". The waterfall named as "Saut du Doubs" on the French-Swiss border. Then the river turns to the west and gets back into France. Finally, the river flows to southwest to join the Saône river.

The Doubs river flows through one region and three departments in France, and two cantons (Neuchâtel and Jura) in Switzerland. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

The river forms several lakes:

The Doubs river flows into the Saône river as a leftt tributary in the city of Verdun-sur-le-Doubs.

The main tributaries, over 30 km long, of the Doubs river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
The Doubs is used for electricity generation (hydroelectricity). Among several hydroelectric stations, the most important are the "Dam of Châtelot", tall, and the "Dam of Refrain", tall.


Barmas Gilgit

Barmas is a locality on a foothill near Gilgit city, in Gilgit-Baltistan. It is one of the oldest settlements in the district Gilgit.

José Manuel Mourinho Félix

José Manuel Mourinho Félix (12 February 1938 – 25 June 2017) was a Portuguese football goalkeeper and manager. He was born in Ferragudo, Algarve. He played during sixteen seasons as a professional, making his Primeira Liga debuts in 1958–59 with Vitória de Setúbal. He also played for Belenenses. In the 1972 football season, he played for the Portugal national football team. After retiring from playing, he managed Amora, Rio Ave and Vitória de Setúbal. 

Mourinho Félix died on 25 June 2017 in Setúbal, Portugal at the age of 79.

Mohammed bin Salman

Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud (; born 31 August 1985) is the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, First Deputy Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia and the youngest minister of defense in the world. In September 2022, he was named Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia.

Mohammad is also chief of the House of Saud royal court, and chairman of the Council for Economic and Development Affairs. He has been described as the power behind the throne of his father, King Salman.

Mohammad was appointed Crown Prince in June 2017 following the decision from Muhammad bin Nayef to remove himself from all positions, making Mohammad heir apparent to the throne.

Mohammad's international image is complex. Some in the Western world sees him as a hope for modernization of Saudi Arabia, with ambitious plans for the kingdom, such as 2030 Vision, but at the same time as a human rights violator. On the foreign politics, Mohammad led the Saudi participation on the war in Yemen, and made closer relations with Russia, China and Iran.

On April 25 2016, bin Salman announced the launch of Vision 2030. The vision is a main part of Saudi Arabia's plan to ensure its economic growth for the upcoming decades, specifically reducing the oil as a main source of income, and encourage economic developments on diverse sectors. The vision was built around three primary aspects: a vibrant society, a thriving economy and an ambitious nation. 

As for a vibrant society, the 2030 Vision is about creating a society where the citizens are enjoying a good quality of life. Practically, to achieve this goal, the plan aims to improve the healthcare, education, and social services.

As for a thriving economy, the 2030 vision is willing to create a strong and growing economy for the kingdom. The plan aims to achieve this goal by diverse the economic sectors, investing in industries like tourism and technology.

As for an ambitious nation, the 2030 vision is about making Saudi Arabia an influences country on the world arena. The plan aims to achieve this by promoting Saudi Arabia as a global leader in areas like energy, finance, and culture, and by working with other countries to address global challenges.

Mohammad bin Salman believes Saudi Arabia should adopt a moderate version of the Islam. During a television speech on Ramadan, bin Salman justified his views towards the Islam saying the strict views of Islam in Saudi Arabia is a major obstacle to his plans for the modernization of Saudi Arabia, such as 2030 vision. bin Salman also supports holding events that were previously considered unacceptable, for example, live music performances, festival and sports competitions, such as Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, first held on 2021. 

Since 2017, hundreds of citizens have been arrested in the kingdom, including social networks influencers, journalists, clerics, and tycoons. In addition, few of bin Salman's cousins were arrested as well. 

In on May 2018, seven activists was arrested, including Eman al-Nafjan and Loujain al-Hathloul. Human Rights Watch claimed bin Salman is responsible for the arrests, and the target is spreading fear among those who criticizes bin Salman agendas. 

In October 2018, bin Salman received global outcry for being accused of having a role in the killing of "The Washington Post" journalist Jamal Khashoggi. bin Salman later interviewed to the American Television program 60 Minutes and denied the accusations. 

Mohammad bin Salman wants the Kingdom to play a bigger role in the region against the influence of Iran, the war in Yemen he started to show this power of Saudi Arabia. In September 2014 the Houthis conquered the Yemeni capital Sana’a, which led to President Hadi fleeing the country. The Saudis led the group of Arab states to bring Hadi back to power, as he had asked for help basing it on article 51 of the UN Charter and because the Houthis are close with Iran Saudi Arabia’s regional rival. The Arab group was led by Saudi Arabia and had as participants Egypt, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Sudan and Morocco, but only Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are still very actively involved in the conflict.

The Saudis hoped that it would be a quick invasion but deeper into the land of the Houthis it showed that a quick victory for the coalition would not be the case. Under President Obama the US did support but not help the Arab states, under President Trump the US became more involved. While the ties between the Houthis and Iran was weak at the start of the invasion it became very strong as the war went on, and as Iran is the regional rival of Saudi Arabia stopping the conflict would mean an increase of power for Iran therefore the Saudis stay involved even though it is very costly. The group of nations is now divided with the Saudis bombing in the north of Yemen and the United Arab Emirates supporting group in the south of Yemen. As of 2023 peace talks between the Saudis and Houthis are happening and making progress.

Under bin Salman rule Saudi Arabia and Russia are allies in the OPEC+, Saudi Arabia is also investing in Russia, this also leads to better relations between the two. This relation has not changed since the 2022 conflict in Ukraine, with $500 million being invested in Gazprom, Rosneft and Lukoil after the conflict had already started even though western countries put sanctions on these companies.

When President Trump got to power the relations between the US and Saudi Arabia were bad, President Obama had pressured Saudi Arabia for diplomacy with Iran and to rely less on the US for defense. President Trump was just like bin Salman in its view of Iran as the greatest danger in the Middle East, and also disagreed with Obama’s policy in the Middle East. President Trump let other countries do their internal affairs without pressuring on human rights for example, which is convenient for bin Salman as human rights or not very good in Saudi Arabia. As President Trump saw Iran as the biggest danger in the Middle East he saw the Houthis as Iranian puppets and thus supported and assisted the Saudi invasion. President Trump also spread confusion about the CIA report on the killing of Kashoggi about him doubting if bin Salman really gave the order to kill and sold weapons to Saudi Arabia.

When President Biden was still campaigning for president he said he would treat the bin Salman as the pariah Biden called bin Salman because of the poor human rights situation, and the killing of journalist Kashoggi. One of President Biden's first acts as president was releasing the CIA report that blamed bin Salman of giving the order to kill Kashoggi, and before the report was published, President Biden called with King Salman saying he is the King and official leader of the country and not bin Salman, the Saudis rejected the report. Biden also paused the sale of ammunition to the Saudi Arabia further lowering relations with Saudi Arabia. In 2022 and 2023 the OPEC started producing less oil leading to negative reactions from the Biden administration.

The relations between Saudi Arabia and China are good as China is Saudi Arabia’s largest trading partner and with large investments such as an Aramco joint venture of $10 billion dollar and 35 other investments worth $28 billion in total. China did not blame Mohammed bin Salman for the murder of Khashoggi and for the human suffering in Yemen and Saudi Arabia stays silent or says China has the right to defend itself or to fight ‘terrorism’ as the way China treats its Muslim Uighur minority. That Saudi Arabia’s relation with China is good was also visible in the diplomatic deal that Saudi Arabia made with Iran in talks in China.

After the Iranian revolution in 1979, a rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran over the leadership over the Islamic world emerged, and after Iran tried to export revolution over the region Saudi Arabia feared a revolution. It led to a rivalry but in 2011 this rivalry became much harder as uprising in the region led to the two supporting opposite sides in conflicts. In 2016 after a Shi’ite cleric Sheik Nimr al-Nimr was executed by Saudi Arabia after demonstrations and the storming of the Saudi Embassy in Tehran by protesters, this led to the cut of diplomatic ties between the two. In 2023 an unexpected deal between the two was signed after diplomatic talks hosted by China, in which they would again open their embassies, bin Salman likely made this deal to support his Vision 2030 and the relation with Iran was an obstacle for foreign investment.

Euler–Mascheroni constant

In mathematics, Euler-Mascheroni constant is a number that appears in analysis and number theory. It first appeared in the work of Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler in the early 18th century. It is usually represented with the Greek letter formula_1 (gamma), although Euler used the letters C and O instead. 

It is not known yet whether the number is irrational (that is, cannot be written as a fraction with an integer numerator and denominator) or transcendental (that is, cannot be the solution of a polynomial with integer coefficients). The numerical value of formula_1 is about formula_3. Italian mathematician Lorenzo Mascheroni also worked with the number, and tried unsuccessfully to approximate the number to 32 decimal places, making mistakes on five digits.

It is significant because it links the divergent harmonic series with the natural logarithm. It is given by the limiting difference between the natural logarithm and the harmonic series:

It can also be written as an improper integral involving the floor function, a function which outputs the greatest integer less than or equal to a given number. 

The gamma constant is closely linked to the Gamma function, specifically its logarithmic derivative, the digamma function, which is defined as

For formula_7, this gives

Using properties of the digamma function, formula_1 can also be written as a limit. 

Corporation (disambiguation)

A corporation is a company or group of people who can act as a single entity and recognized as such in law. 

Corporations can take many forms, including: 

Elsa Daniel

Elsa Daniel born Elsa Nilda Gómez Scapatti (13 November 1936 – 25 June 2017) was an Argentine movie actress. She was born in San Lorenzo, Santa Fe, Argentina. Her career began in the 1954 classic "The Grandfather" and made some 30 appearances in movies between then and 1987. She retired from cinema in 1987.

Daniel died on 25 June 2017 in Buenos Aires, Argentina of complications from pneumonia at the age of 80.

Adige

The Adige (; ; ; ; ; ) is an Italian river that starts in the Alps in the province of South Tyrol near the Italian border with Austria and Switzerland, flowing through most of Northeast Italy to the Adriatic Sea.

It is the second Italian river by length after the Po, the third for its watershed after the Po and the Tiber, and the fourth by its mean yearly discharge after the Po, the Ticino and the Tiber.

The Adige river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Boara Pisani, a "comune" in the Padua province near the mouth of the river.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Boara Pisani (1961 - 1970)
The Adige starts in the Reschen Pass in the "comune" of Graun im Vinschgau, South Tyrol province, at an altitude of about close to the borders with Austria and Switzerland. First, it flows to the south until the confluence with the Ram river and then turns to the east. At Merano, the Adige is joined by the Passirio river and turns to the southeast; in Bolzano, it is joined by the Isarco, its main tributary. In the confluence with the Tasso river, the Adige flows to the south and, then, from Badia Polesine, it turns to the east and flows into the Adriatic Sea to the south of the mouth of the Brenta river and to the north of the mouth of the Po river.

The valley of the Adige gets several names: "Venosta" valley between the source and Merano, "Adige" valley between Merano and Trento, "Vallagarina" between Trento and Verona and, last, "Padana" valley between Verona and the mouth.

The main tributaries are:


K. R. Mohanan

K. R. Mohanan (11 December 1947 – 25 June 2017) was an Indian movie director. He was best known for his critically acclaimed works, "Ashwathama" (1978), "Purushartham" (1987) and "Swaroopam" (1992). He studied at the Pune Film Institute. Mohanan was the Chairman of Kerala State Chalachitra Academy from 2006 to 2011 and the Director of International Film Festival of Kerala.

Mohanan died on 25 June 2017 of stomach cancer, aged 69.

Olga Feliú

Olga Feliú Segovia (20 August 1932 – 25 June 2017) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. She was appointed to the Senate in 1990 by the Supreme Court in 1990 and served until 1998, when she was replaced by Enrique Silva Cimma. She was born in Santiago de Chile.

Feliú died on 25 June 2017 in Santiago de Chile from a long-illness at the age of 84.

Desh Bandhu Gupta

Desh Bandhu Gupta (1938 – 26 June 2017) was an Indian billionaire businessman. He was born in Rajgarh, Alwar, Alwar State, British Raj (now in Rajasthan, India). He was known for being the founder and chairman of Lupin Limited, a multinational pharmaceutical company.

In 2015, "Forbes" estimated Gupta's net worth at $7.2 billion, making him the 254th richest person in the world.

Gupta died in Mumbai, India on 26 June 2017, aged 79.

Habib Thiam

Habib Thiam (21 January 1933 – 26 June 2017) was a Senegalese politician. He served as Prime Minister of Senegal on two occasions, from 1 January 1981 to 3 April 1983, and again from 8 April 1991 until 3 July 1998. He was born in Dakar, Senegal. He also served as President of the National Assembly of Senegal from 1983 to 1984.

He was married to Anne Majken née Hessner, a native of Denmark and former member of the Danish parliament for the Social Democratic Party. They had two daughters.

Thiam died on 26 June 2017 in Dakar at the age of 84.


FIFA Arab Cup

The FIFA Arab Cup (Arabic: ), or simply known as the Arab Cup, is a football (soccer) tournament held between countries in the Arab world. It has been organized by FIFA since 2021.

Iraq has been the most successful team because they won 4 tournaments. The first tournament was played in Lebanon in 1963. Morocco won the most recent tournament, which occurred in 2012.



1963 Arab Cup

The 1963 Arab Cup was the 1st Arab Cup tournament which took place in Lebanon. Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Syria and Tunisia participated in the tournament.


1964 Arab Cup

The 1963 Arab Cup was the 2nd Arab Cup tournament which took place in Kuwait. Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya and Iraq participated in the tournament.


Comal County, Texas

Comal County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 161,501 people lived there. The county seat is New Braunfels.

Comanche County, Texas

Comanche County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 13,594 people lived there. The county seat is Comanche.

Concho County, Texas

Concho County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 3,303 people lived there. The county seat is Paint Rock.

Alice Trolle-Wachtmeister

Countess Alice Victoria Trolle-Wachtmeister (née Tornérhielm; 9 May 1926 – 26 June 2017) was a Swedish noblewoman who served the Royal Court of Sweden from the 1970s to 2015, having served as Chief Court Mistress from 1994 to 2015. She was born in Annerstad, Kronoberg County.

Trolle-Wachtmeister died at Trolle-Ljungby Castle in Scania, Sweden on 26 June 2017 from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.

Cottle County, Texas

Cottle County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 1,380 people lived there. The county seat is Paducah.

Crane County, Texas

Crane County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, 4,675 people lived there. The county seat is Crane.

Suh Yun-bok

Suh Yun-bok (9 January 1923 – 27 June 2017) was a South Korean athlete. He was best known as the winner of the 1947 Boston Marathon. He won the race with a world best time of 2:25:39 under the coach Sohn Kee-chung, the Korean winner of the marathon at the 1936 Berlin Olympics. He was born in Seoul. 

His participation in the Boston Marathon was financed by donations from servicemen in the United States Forces Korea. His win was the first time a world best for the men's marathon was set at the Boston Marathon. The previous world best was set by his coach Sohn in Tokyo, Japan in 1935. 

At 166 cm tall (5'5") and weighing 56 kg (123 lbs), he was said to be the shortest winner ever of the Boston Marathon. In 1948, one year after the Boston victory, Suh raced the marathon in 1948 Summer Olympics held in London. He retired in 1949.

Suh died on 27 June 2017 in Seoul at the age of 94.

Burlington College

Burlington College was a private, non-profit liberal arts college located in Burlington, Vermont, that offered associate, bachelor's, and master's degrees, as well as several professional certificates. Although regionally accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, the college was placed on probation in July 2014 for failing to meet the accreditor's standards regarding financial resources. 

Jane O'Meara Sanders, wife of United States senator Bernie Sanders, served as president from 2004 through 2011.

The college announced on May 16, 2016 that it would close on May 27.

Subpoena

A subpoena is a written order that requires a witness to give testimony, or their statement of truth. A subpoena is usually issued by a court. If a person or organization does not respond to the subpoena, they may be punished by the court.

There are two types of subpoena. "Subpoena ad testificandum" means a person must give testimony directly to the court. This can be in person or by telephone. "Subpoena duces tecum" means physical evidence must be brought to the court. This type of subpoena is usually used for documents. Sometimes the documents can be mailed to the court.

Danger Mouse

Danger Mouse is a British children’s animated television series. The main character is Danger Mouse who worked as a secret agent.

The show was originally on television in the United Kingdom from 28 September 1981 to 19 March 1992. It was produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television. The series also had a spin-off show, "Count Duckula".

"Danger Mouse" was a parody of British spy fiction, particularly the "Danger Man" series and James Bond.

A continuation of the original series, under the same name, began airing in September 2015 on CBBC.

In 1983, "Danger Mouse" had an all-time high of 21 million viewers.This is still a record number of viewers for a children's programme.

On 4 June 1984, "Danger Mouse" was the first British cartoon to appear on Nickelodeon. This made it one of the earliest British cartoons to be in syndication in America.

"Danger Mouse" took third place in the "100 Greatest Kids' TV Shows" by Channel 4 in the UK. It was only beaten by "The Muppet Show" and "The Simpsons". 


Nodeul Station

Nodeul Station is a train station of Seoul Subway Line 9, located in Dongjak District, Seoul, South Korea.

Originally, the name "Nodeul" means "The stepping stone that Egret playing with", and now it means the area near Noryangjin(Which is a hanja translation from Nodeul).


Station has 2 side platforms, 2 tracks.

Carsten Sieling

Carsten Günter Erich Sieling (born January 13, 1959 in Nienburg) is a German politician of the SPD. He is the current mayor of the city of Bremen and also head of the state of Bremen.

Previously he was among others a member of the Bundestag from 2009 to 2015.

Since July 15, 2015 he has been the President of the Senate and Mayor of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (head of government of the city-state of Bremen).


Canton Tower

The Canton Tower, or Guangzhou Tower (), officially the Guangzhou TV Astronomical and Sightseeing Tower (), is a -tall multi-purpose observation tower in the Haizhu District of Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. The tower was finished in 2009 and it was first turned on 29 September 2010 for the 2010 Asian Games.

The tower held the title of tallest tower in the world, replacing the CN Tower. It was then passed by the Tokyo Skytree. It was the tallest structure in China before the Shanghai Tower was completed on 3 August 2013. It is now the second tallest tower in China and the fifth-tallest freestanding structure in the world.

Gaehwa Station

Gaehwa Station is a train station of Seoul Subway line 9. It is in Gaehwa-dong, Seoul. It is the only station above ground in Line 9. The headquarters of the Seoul Metro Line 9 Corporation is located in the station.


Gaehwa Station is the only above ground station in Line 9. The platform is on 1st floor, and the concourse (station lobby) is on the 2nd floor.

Data of 2009 is calculated from July 24 (First Opened) ~ December 31.

Brazilian National Anthem

"Hino Nacional Brasileiro" (, , "Brazilian National Anthem"), is the national anthem used in Brazil, composed by Francisco Manuel da Silva between 1822 and 1831. It was officially adopted as the country's national anthem in 1831. The lyrics to the anthem were written by Osório Duque-Estrada in 1909. They became official in 1922, with some changes.


Niederdorf, Saxony

Niederdorf is a municipality in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in Saxony, Germany.

Floyd Mayweather Jr.

Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr. (born Floyd Joy Sinclair; February 24, 1977) is a former American professional boxer. He was undefeated as a professional boxer.

He is the son of a boxer, Floyd Mayweather Sr. who introduced him to boxing. His youth was hard because he and his family had drug issues, but later, he left drugs and continued with boxing. He was trained by his uncle Roger Mayweather, who was also a boxer.

Mayweather has won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes. He won a bronze medal in the featherweight division at the 1996 Olympics. He won three U.S. Golden Gloves titles (at light flyweight, flyweight, and featherweight). He also won the U.S. national title at featherweight.

Mayweather was well known for his speed, stamina, defense, and his excellent boxing schema. In 2017, he made a comeback to the ring and defeated MMA fighter Conor McGregor.

Gwangmyeongsageori Station

Gwangmyeongsageori Station is a train station of Seoul Subway Line 7, in Gwangmyeong, Gyeonggi-do. This stations was first opened with name "Gwangmyeong Station", but because of KTX Gwangmyeong Station's opening, this station has changed the name.

Gwangmyeongsageori Station is sometimes called as Gwangmyeong Junction Station, because the korean latter "sageori" means 4-way junction.


The upperbound(For Jangam) side platform (in below diagram, platform on the right side) is not used normally, but used at morning to depart the train from train depot.

Data of 2000 is calculated from February 29 (First Opened) ~ December 31.

Wettswil am Albis

Wettswil am Albis is a municipality of the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Campobasso

Campobasso is a city in southern Italy. It is the capital of the region of Molise and of the province of Campobasso. 49,431 people live there.

Parikkala

Parikkala is a municipality in south Finland. There were 5,219 people living there on 31 March 2016. It is next to the municipalities of Kitee, Savonlinna and Rautjärvi.


Chillicothe, Ohio

Chillicothe is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Ross County. 22,059 people lived there in the 2020 census.

Shubra El-Kheima

Shubra El-Kheima () is a city in Qalyubia Governorate, Egypt. It is the fourth largest city in Egypt. 

The city is located on the east bank of the Nile. Muhammad Ali of Egypt built his palace in Shubra El-Kheima.

Bollwiller

Bollwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Berca

Berca is a commune of Buzău County in Romania.

The Berca Mud Volcanoes are nearby. This area has been protected since 1924.

Le Bonhomme

Le Bonhomme is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Michael Nyqvist

Rolf Åke Mikael Nyqvist (8 November 1960 – 27 June 2017) was a Swedish actor. Born in Stockholm, he studied drama in Malmö. He started acting as Officer Banck in the series one of the Swedish movies about Martin Beck in 1997. 

Nyqvist became known internationally as the main character Mikael Blomkvist in the "Millenium" miniseries opposite Noomi Rapace. He also had a role in "" and "John Wick".

Nyqvist died on 27 June 2017 in Stockholm from lung cancer at the age of 56.

Doug Peterson

Douglas Blair "Doug" Peterson (1945 – June 26, 2017) was an American yacht designer. He began with the One Tonner "Ganbare" in 1973. Peterson's designs have pioneered many innovations in racing and cruising yachts. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Peterson later entered the America's Cup circle as a key design member of the winning 1992 "America" and 1995 "NZL 32" "Black Magic" Team New Zealand design teams. In 2000, Peterson designed the winning Louis Vuitton Cup boat for Prada Challenge.

Peterson died on June 26, 2017 in San Diego, California of colorectal cancer, aged 71.

Piotr Bikont

Piotr Bikont (12 May 1955 – 27 June 2017) was a Polish journalist, publicist, culinary critic and a theatre director. He was born in Łódź, Poland.

Bikont translated Art Spiegelman's "Maus" to Polish. He was a member of editorial staff of the talking magazine "Gadający Pies" based in Kraków. He was the author of a book "Jewish Cooking According to Balbina Przepiórko".

Bikont died on 27 June 2017 in a car accident near Warsaw, aged 62.

Valentín Pimstein

Valentín Pimstein Weiner (August 9, 1925 – June 27, 2017) was a Chilean producer of telenovelas. He was born in Santiago de Chile. He moved to Mexico, where he began to work in producing telenovelas. His most well known works are "María la del Barrio", "Marimar", and "Carrusel".

Pimstein died in Santiago de Chile from respiratory arrest on June 27, 2017 at the age of 91.

Ric Suggitt

Ric "Sluggo" Suggitt (October 30, 1958 June 27, 2017) was a Canadian rugby union footballer and a rugby union coach. Suggitt was also the Head Coach of the USA Women's 7's Olympic team. He was the head coach at university of Lethbridge. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta.

Suggitt was the coach of the female Canada national team and the men's national seven-a-side team, when he was appointed to the post of coach of the male Canada national rugby union team, in 2004. 

Suggitt died on June 27, 2017 in Calgary, Alberta from a sudden heart attack, aged 58.


Geri Allen

Geri Allen (June 12, 1957 – June 27, 2017) was an American composer, educator, and jazz pianist. She was born in Pontiac, Michigan and raised in Detroit. 

Allen worked with many jazz musicians, including Ornette Coleman, Ron Carter, Tony Williams, Dave Holland, Jack DeJohnette, and Charles Lloyd. She cited her primary influences to be her parents, Mount Vernell Allen Jr, and Barbara Jean Allen, and her primary musical influences to be mentors Marcus Belgrave, Donald Walden, and Betty Carter, as well as pianists Herbie Hancock, Mary Lou Williams, Hank Jones, Alice Coltrane, Cecil Taylor, Thelonious Monk, McCoy Tyner, Bud Powell, and mentor Dr. Billy Taylor. 

Allen was an Associate Professor of Music and the Director of the Jazz Studies Program at the University of Pittsburgh.

Allen died on June 27, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania after suffering from cancer at the age of 60.


Lincoln Almond

Lincoln Carter Almond (June 16, 1936 – January 3, 2023) was an American attorney and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Almond served as United States Attorney for the District of Rhode Island from 1969 to 1978 and 1981 to 1993 and later the 72nd Governor of Rhode Island, serving from 1995 to 2003.

Almond died on January 3, 2023, at the age of 86.


Philip W. Noel

Philip William Noel (born June 6, 1931) is an American politician. He was the 68th Governor of Rhode Island. He was elected in 1972, and re-elected in 1974. He was a member of the Democratic Party.


Fob James

Forrest Hood "Fob" James, Jr. (born September 15, 1934), is an American politician, and civil engineer. He served two terms as the 48th Governor of Alabama, from 1979 to 1983 as a Democrat, and again from 1995 to 1999 as a Republican.

Jere Beasley

Jere Locke Beasley (born December 12, 1935) is an American trial attorney and politician. He served as acting governor of the US state of Alabama from June 5 to July 7, 1972. His law firm has been noted nationally for winning major awards for its clients; among them was an $11.8 billion punitive damage award against Exxon Mobil Corporation in 2003.

Beasley was born in 1935 in Tyler, Texas, the son of Browder Locke and Florence (née Camp) Beasley. He was raised in Clayton, Alabama, where his father ran a small grocery store.

Jane Dee Hull

Jane Dee Hull (nee Bowersock; August 8, 1935 – April 16, 2020) was an American politician and educator.

In 1997, she became Governor of Arizona after the resignation of Fife Symington. She became the state's 20th Governor. Hull was elected in her own right the following year, and served until 2003. 

Hull was the first woman formally elected as Governor of Arizona, and the second woman to serve in the office after Rose Mofford. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Hull died on April 16, 2020 in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 84. Her husband, Terry Hull, died a few hours before her on the same day.

Bruce Babbitt

Bruce Edward Babbitt (born June 27, 1938) is an American politician from the state of Arizona. A member of the Democratic Party, Babbitt served as the 16th governor of Arizona from 1978 to 1987, and as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1993 through 2001. He unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 1988.

Babbitt was born in Flagstaff, Arizona, the son of Frances B. (Perry) and Paul James Babbitt, Sr. He graduated from the University of Notre Dame.

He married Harriet Coons (known as Hattie) in 1968. She has worked as an attorney in Arizona and Washington, D.C., and served as United States Ambassador to the Organization of American States from 1993 to 1997, and as Deputy Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development from 1997 to 2001 during the Clinton Administration.

In 1993, after Byron White retired from the Supreme Court, Babbitt was seen as a top pick for his replacement. President Clinton picked Ruth Bader Ginsburg instead.

Bill Gwatney

Bill Gwatney (August 26, 1959 – August 13, 2008) was an American politician. He served as the State Chair of the Democratic Party of Arkansas. Prior to being State Chair, he was a State Senator for ten years. He had also been the financial chair for Mike Beebe's run for Governor of Arkansas in 2006. He owned three car dealerships in Pulaski County. Gwatney was selected as a superdelegate at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, but was assassinated before the convention. He was replaced by his widow Rebecca Rankin.

On August 13, 2008, Gwatney was assassinated by Timothy Dale Johnson, who entered Democratic Party headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas. Johnson shot Gwatney three times. Gwatney was taken to a hospital, but was dead on arrival later that day.

David Pryor

David Hampton Pryor (born August 29, 1934) is a former Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives and United States Senator from the State of Arkansas. Pryor also served as 39th Governor of Arkansas from 1975 to 1979 and was a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1960 to 1966. 

Pryor served as the interim chairman of the Arkansas Democratic Party, following Bill Gwatney's assassination.

Pryor was born in Camden, the seat of Ouachita County in southern Arkansas, to William Edgar Pryor and the former Susan Newton.

Joe Frank Harris

Joe Frank Harris (born February 16, 1936) is an American Democratic politician. He served as the 78th Governor of the U.S. state of Georgia from 1983 to 1991.


Julian Carroll

Julian Morton Carroll (April 16, 1931 – December 10, 2023) was an American politician from the state of Kentucky. A Democrat, he was a member of the Kentucky Senate from 2005 until 2020. 

From 1974 to 1979, he served as the 54th Governor of Kentucky, succeeding Wendell H. Ford, who resigned to accept a seat in the U.S. Senate. He was the first Kentucky governor from the state's far-western Jackson Purchase region, and his running mate Thelma Stovall was the first woman to be elected Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.

Carroll died in Frankfort, Kentucky on December 10, 2023, at the age of 92.


John Y. Brown Jr.

John Young Brown Jr. (December 28, 1933 – November 22, 2022) is an American politician, entrepreneur, and businessman from the U.S. state of Kentucky. He served as the 55th governor of Kentucky from 1979 to 1983, although he may be best known for building Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) into a multimillion-dollar restaurant chain.

Brown died at a hospital in Lexington on November 22, 2022, at age 88. He had been dealing with health complications derived from COVID-19 since the summer. His casket lay in state in the Kentucky Capitol's rotunda for two days starting on November 29, 2022. His funeral was held at the Kentucky Capitol on November 30. Brown would be buried in the Lexington Cemetery.

Paul E. Patton

Paul Edward Patton (born May 26, 1937) is an American politician. He was the 59th Governor of Kentucky, serving from 1995 to 2003. He was the first governor eligible to succeed himself in office since James Garrard in 1800. Since 2013, he has been the chancellor of the University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Kentucky after serving as its president from 2010 to 2013. He also served as chairman of the Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education from 2009 to 2011.

Joseph E. Brennan

Joseph Edward Brennan (born November 2, 1934) is an American Democratic Party politician from Maine. He served as the 70th Governor of Maine from 1979 to 1987. He is a former commissioner on the Federal Maritime Commission.

Richard Bryan

Richard Hudson Bryan (born July 16, 1937) is an American attorney and politician. He served as the 25th Governor of the U.S. state of Nevada from 1983-89, and as a United States Senator from Nevada from 1989 to 2001. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Bryan was born in Washington, D.C. and graduated from the University of Nevada at Reno in 1959 where he was a member of Alpha Tau Omega. He earned his law degree from the University of California, Hastings College of Law. In 1963 he was admitted to the Nevada Bar.

James Florio

James Joseph Florio (born August 29, 1937) is a Democratic politician. He served as the 49th Governor of New Jersey from 1990 to 1994, the first Italian American to hold the position (he is of half Italian ancestry). He also served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for 15 years between 1975 and 1990.

Florio was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. His father was of Italian descent and his mother was of Scottish, Irish, and German descent. In Brooklyn, he attended Erasmus Hall High School.

Phil Murphy

Philip Dunton Murphy (born August 16, 1957) is an American financier, diplomat, former Goldman Sachs executive and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the 56th and current Governor of New Jersey upon winning the 2017 gubernatorial election and being sworn-in on January 16, 2018. Murphy was the United States Ambassador to Germany from 2009 to 2013 serving during the Barack Obama presidency. He was narrowly re-elected in 2021, beating Republican Jack Ciattarelli. He became the first Democratic governor to win re-election since Brendan Byrne in 1977.

Murphy was born in Needham, Massachusetts. He was raised in both Needham and nearby Newton, Massachusetts. He studied at Harvard University and at the University of Pennsylvania.

Murphy served as United States Ambassador to Germany under President Barack Obama from 2009–2013.

His formal nomination to the position was made by President Barack Obama on July 9, 2009. It was then confirmed by the United States Senate on August 7, 2009. Murphy promoted American trade and focused on engaging Germany’s youth through town hall meetings, exchange programs, and social media communication.

On May 29, 2013, it was announced that Murphy was stepping down from the ambassadorship. He formally left the position on August 26, 2013.

Murphy was the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey in the 2017 gubernatorial election. He faced Republican Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno in the general election. He won the election on November 7, 2017.

In December 2019, Murphy became the chairperson of the Democratic Governors Association, a position he held for a year.

On October 1, 2020, Murphy announced he would seek reelection, with Oliver as his running mate. He faced Republican Jack Ciattarelli in the general election. He was re-elected by a small margin and was declared the winner the next day.

Murphy moved to Middletown Township, New Jersey in 2000. He is married to Tammy Snyder and they have four children.

On March 4, 2020, Murphy had surgery in New York City to remove cancerous tumors in his kidneys. He made a full recovery shortly afterward.


Jerry Apodaca

Raymond S. "Jerry" Apodaca (October 3, 1934 – April 26, 2023) was an American politician. He served as the 24th Governor of New Mexico from 1975 through 1979.

Apodaca graduated from the University of New Mexico in 1956 with a bachelor of science degree, he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity. Apodaca would later enter the insurance business.

On April 26, 2023, Apodaca died in Santa Fe, New Mexico, from problems caused by a stroke. He was 88.

The New Mexico Department of Education, which was previously was known simply as the Education Building, was later renamed Jerry Apodaca Building to honor the former governor in 2004.

Known for his reorganization of state government, President Jimmy Carter named him the chairman of the President’s Council on Physical Fitness in 1978.


Jim Hunt

James Baxter "Jim" Hunt Jr. (born May 16, 1937) is a retired American politician who was the 69th and 71st Governor of North Carolina (1977–1985, and 1993–2001). 

He is the longest-serving governor in the state's history. Hunt is tied for the fourth-longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at days.

James G. Martin

James Grubbs "Jim" Martin (born December 11, 1935) is an American politician. He served as the 70th Governor of the state of North Carolina. He served from 1985 to 1993. He was the second Republican elected to the office after Reconstruction, and the fifth overall. He is also the only Republican to serve two full terms as governor.

Dick Celeste

Richard Frank "Dick" Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an American politician from Ohio. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.

Barbara Roberts

Barbara Kay Roberts (born December 21, 1936) is an American politician from the state of Oregon. She served as the 34th Governor of Oregon from 1991 to 1995. She was the first woman to serve as Oregon governor, and the only woman elected to that office until 2016. 

A Democrat, Roberts was also the first woman to serve as majority leader in the Oregon House of Representatives. She also won two terms as Oregon Secretary of State, and served in local and county government in Portland. 

Roberts was married to Oregon state Sen. Frank L. Roberts from 1974 until his death in 1993. From February 2011 until January 2013, she served on the council of Metro, the regional government in the Portland metropolitan area.

Edward D. DiPrete

Edward Daniel DiPrete (born July 8, 1934) is an American Republican Party politician from Rhode Island. He served as the 70th Governor of Rhode Island for three two-year terms, serving from 1985 to 1991.

Harvey L. Wollman

Harvey Lowell Wollman (May 14, 1935 – October 18, 2022) was an American politician. He was the 26th Governor of South Dakota. He was the first Lieutenant Governor in the history of South Dakota to move into the Governor's office. He is also the most recent Democrat to hold the title of South Dakota governor. His brother is Senior Judge Roger Leland Wollman.

Wollman died on October 18, 2022, at the age of 87.

Don Sundquist

Donald Kenneth Sundquist (March 15, 1936 – August 27, 2023) was an American businessman and politician. He was the 47th Governor of Tennessee from 1995 to 2003. Prior to his governorship, he represented Tennessee's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 1995.

Sundquist died in Memphis, Tennessee on August 27, 2023 from problems caused by surgery, aged 87.

Thomas P. Salmon

Thomas Paul Salmon (born August 19, 1932) is a U.S. Democratic Party politician. He served as the 75th Governor of Vermont from 1973 to 1977.

Madeleine Kunin

Madeleine May Kunin (born September 28, 1933) is an American diplomat and politician. She was the 77th Governor of Vermont from 1985 until 1991, as a member of the Democratic Party.

She also served as United States Ambassador to Switzerland from 1996 to 1999. She was Vermont's first and, to date, only female governor as well as the first Jewish governor of Vermont. She was also the first Jewish woman to be elected governor of a U.S. state. Kunin is currently a James Marsh Professor-at-Large at the University of Vermont.

Tony Earl

Anthony Scully Earl (April 12, 1936 – February 23, 2023) was an American politician and a member of the Democratic party.

Earl was the 41st Governor of Wisconsin from 1983 until 1987. He graduated from Michigan State University in 1958 and earned a J.D. from the University of Chicago. After four years in the Navy, including two years as a legal officer, Earl moved to Wisconsin in 1965.

Earl died of problems caused by a stroke on February 23, 2023 at a hospital in Madison, Wisconsin at the age of 86.

Jaroslav Kořán

Jaroslav Kořán (January 17, 1940 – June 2, 2017) was a Czech translator, writer, screenwriter, and politician. He is a signatory of Charter 77 during Czechoslovakia's Communist era, Kořán translated over seven dozen books, mostly by American writers, from English into Czech, including major works by Kurt Vonnegut, Henry Miller, Roald Dahl, Ken Kesey, Charles Bukowski, John Kennedy Toole, and John Wyndham. 

Kořán was one of the co-founders of the Civic Forum (OF) political movement in November 1989. In February 1990, Kořán was elected Mayor of Prague, becoming the city's first non-Communist since 1948. He served as mayor until September 1991.

Jaroslav Kořán died in June 2, 2017, at the age of 77.

Paul Bocuse

Paul Bocuse () (11 February 1926 – 20 January 2018) was a French chef. He was raised in Lyon. He was famous for the high quality of his restaurants and his innovative approaches to cuisine.

Bocuse was one of the most prominent chefs associated with the "nouvelle cuisine", which is less opulent and calorific than the traditional "cuisine classique", and stresses the importance of fresh ingredients of the highest quality. Paul Bocuse claimed that Henri Gault first used the term, "nouvelle cuisine", to describe food prepared by Bocuse and other top chefs for the maiden flight of the Concorde airliner in 1969.

Bocuse died of Parkinson's disease on 20 January 2018 in Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or in France at the age of 91

Gustavo Pareja Cisneros

Gustavo Pareja Cisneros (born 10 January 1947) is an Ecuadorian politician. He was born in Otavalo, Ecuador. He served as Governor of the Imbabura Province from 1997 through 2009. In December 2014, he was elected Mayor of Otavalo. He left office in May 2019.

Pareja Cisneros was born on 10 January 1947 in Otavalo in the Imbabura Province. His father was a carpenter and his mother was a housewife. He studied at the Central University of Ecuador, where he majored in political science and sociology.


Renaissance (party)

Renaissance (formerly La République en marche) is a centrist and liberal political party in France. It was founded on 6 April 2016 by Emmanuel Macron, a former Minister of Economy, Industry and Digital Affairs, who was later elected President of France in the 2017 presidential election by a landslide 66.1% of the second-round vote.

The party ran candidates in the 2017 legislative elections as "La République en marche" (English translation: "The Republic Onwards!"), including members of the Democratic Movement, as well as dissidents from the Socialist Party, The Republicans and minor parties. It won an absolute majority of seats in the National Assembly, securing 308 under its label and 42 for the MoDem.

In 2022, Macron's Ensemble coalition won the most seats, 250, in the National Assembly but also lost majority control, causing a hung parliament.

Jordan Henderson

Jordan Brian Henderson (born 17 June 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch team Ajax Amsterdam and plays for the England national team. He was born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear.

Liverpool

England

Individual

Orders


Ostrogoths

The Ostrogoths were the eastern branch of the later Goths. The other major branch was the Visigoths.

The Ostrogoths started with the Greutungi, a branch of the Goths that moved southward from the Baltic Sea during the 3rd and the 4th centuries.

They built an empire that stretched from the Black Sea to the Baltic Sea and traded with the Roman Empire. Its peak was under King Ermanaric.

After the collapse of the Western Roman Empire, the Ostrogoths built a new kingdom in northern Italy centred in Ravenna.

Böblingen

Böblingen (; Swabian German: "Beblenga") is a town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is the capital of the district Böblingen. In Böblingen the Panzer Kaserne a US Army Marine (military) Corps Military base, are stationed.


Wetzikon

Wetzikon is a small town of the district of Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is near Lake Pfäffikon in the Zürcher Oberland, between Uster and Rapperswil-Jona.


Rainham, Kent

Rainham is a town in Medway, North Kent. It has a small shopping centre.

It has a railway station, Rainham railway station and it also has a leisure centre, Splashes Leisure Pool.

Wiesendangen

Wiesendangen is a municipality of the district of Winterthur of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Bertschikon bei Attikon merged into the municipality of Wiesendangen.

Wiesendangen, Attikon, Wallikon, Menzengrüt, Buch, Bertschikon, Gundetswil, Kefikon, Liebensberg, Stegen, Gündlikon and Zünikon


Wila, Switzerland

Wila is a municipality in the district Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Wildberg, Switzerland

Wildberg is a municipality of the district of Pfäffikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich.

Wil, Zürich

Wil is a municipality in the district Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Winkel, Switzerland

Winkel is a municipality of the district of Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Winterthur

Winterthur (; ; Latin language: "Vitudurum", locally often called: "Winti") is a city in the canton of Zurich in northern Switzerland. It is the sixth-largest city in Switzerland. About 138,000 people lived there in 2015.

Sulzer AG, Swiss industrial engineering, is headquartered in Winterthur.

Winterthur is twinned with:


Zell, Zürich

Zell is a municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is in the upper Töss Valley.

Garten, Kollbrunn, Lettenberg, Rämismühle, Rikon, Schoren, Zell, Oberlangenhard and Unterlangenhard


Rikon im Tösstal

Rikon is a village in the municipality of Zell in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Kollbrunn

Kollbrunn is a village in the municipality of Zell in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Zollikon

Zollikon is a municipality in Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.


Zollikerberg

Zollikerberg is a village in the municipality of Zollikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Zumikon

Zumikon is a municipality of the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is in the Pfannenstiel region.


Aussersihl

Aussersihl is a quarter in district 4 of the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Enge

Enge is a quarter in district 2 in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Hirslanden

Hirslanden is a quarter in district 7 in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

It is on the western side of the Adlisberg.

Fluntern

Fluntern is a quarter in district 7 in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Duque de Caxias

Duque de Caxias is a city in the state of Rio de Janeiro of southeastern Brazil. About 900,000 people live there. It has an area of .

Gillingham

Gillingham may mean:


Zell

Zell may refer to the following:
There are several places named "Zell", mainly in German-speaking countries.








Kópavogur

Kópavogur is a city in southwest Iceland. As of 2015, 33,205 people lived there. The mayor of Kópavogur is 
Ásdís Kristjánsdóttir.


Wolfsberg, Carinthia

Wolfsberg () is a town in the state of Carinthia, Austria. It is the capital of the Wolfsberg District. About 30,000 people lived there in 2016.


Amherst, Ohio

Amherst () is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. According to the 2020 census, 12,681 people lived there. Amherst is located south of Lake Erie.
According to the 2020 census, the city has a total area of . and (or 0.85%) is water.

Graveley, Cambridgeshire

Graveley is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.


Bourbach-le-Bas

Bourbach-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Brian Street

Brian Vincent Street (24 October 1943 – 21 June 2017) was an British professor of language education at King's College London and visiting professor at the Graduate School of Education in University of Pennsylvania. During his career, he mainly worked on literacy in both theoretical and applied perspectives. He was perhaps best known for his book "Literacy in Theory and Practice" (1984).

Street died on 21 June 2017 in Hove, England, aged 73.

Claude Fagedet

Claude Fagedet (30 March 1928 – 26 June 2017) was a French photographer. He took many photographs of Occitanie, including his birthplace of Narbonne and the chalets in Gruissan. He also took photographs on his many trips abroad. 

Fagedet was awarded the Meilleur Ouvrier de France.

Fagedet died in Narbonne, France on 26 June 2017, aged 89.

Better Talk Now

Better Talk Now (February 25, 1999 – June 27, 2017) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Turf in 2004. His racing career stretched over nine seasons, during which he won 14 races from 51 starts with earnings of over $4.3 million.

In 2017, he underwent colic surgery at New Bolton on June and then underwent a second surgery June 15. He was euthanized late June 27 at New Bolton Center, part of the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, due to complications from the colic surgery.

Toytown (horse)

Toytown (1992 – 27 June 2017) was a retired British event horse owned and formerly ridden by Zara Phillips.

Toytown was a chestnut gelding born in 1992, standing at 17hh and with particularly distinctive markings including a white blaze and white spots. Toytown and Phillips competed together at the highest level of the sport until the horse's retirement in 2011, after accruing 1,421 British Eventing points in his career.

Maurice Hinchey

Maurice Dunlea Hinchey (October 27, 1938 – November 22, 2017) was an American politician. He was a former U.S. Representative from New York. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He retired at the end of his term in January 2013 after twenty years in Congress.

A New York City native who moved to the Hudson Valley where he attended high school and college, Hinchey had previously represented part of the area in the New York State Assembly since 1974. 

As chair of that body's Environmental Conservation Committee, he took the lead in bringing environmental issues to the fore, particularly when he held hearings on the problems created by toxic waste disposal in the Love Canal neighborhood of Niagara Falls. In his later years in Congress he vehemently opposed hydraulic fracturing to exploit the natural gas resources of the Marcellus Shale. 

Throughout his career he was considered a political progressive for his liberal stands on other issues.

On April 22, 2011, Hinchey's office announced that he was being treated for a curable form of colon cancer. His doctors said that they expect a full recovery. 

Shortly after being treated for the colon cancer, Hinchey began experiencing symptoms of frontotemporal dementia, a diagnosis that his family did not make public until 2017. He died from the disease on November 22, 2017 at his home in Saugerties, New York at the age of 79.

John Higgins (footballer)

John Wilson Higgins (27 January 1930 – June 28, 2017) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Kilmarnock. 

Higgins began his football career with Edinburgh club Hibernian. He played for Hibs in the 1955–56 European Cup, as part of the first British club to enter European competition. Higgins then played for St Mirren for two seasons between 1957 and 1959. He was part of the St Mirren squad when they won the 1958–59 Scottish Cup, but he missed the final after contracting a viral infection. Higgins then played in the Football League for Swindon Town between 1959 and 1961. 

Higgins died in crossgate nursing home on 28 June 2017, aged 87, after battling Alzheimer's disease.


Eric Lindros

Eric Bryan Lindros ( born February 28, 1973) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was selected first overall in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft by the Quebec Nordiques. He refused to play for the Nordiques and was eventually traded to the Philadelphia Flyers.

During his Ontario Hockey League career, Lindros' team won the Memorial Cup in 1990. Lindros received the Red Tilson Trophy as the Most Outstanding Player in the OHL. He was also named the CHL Player of the Year. In 2016 he was added to the Hockey Hall of Fame. In 2017 Lindros was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.

Played for Canada in:

Iveco Daily

The Iveco Daily is a series of vans and minibuses produced by Iveco in six generations since 1978. 

Arrondissements of the Doubs department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Doubs department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Doubs department are:

Since its creation, the Doubs department has had few changes:


Lamar Hunt Jr.

Lamar Hunt Jr. (born October 20, 1956) is owner of a North American ECHL professional hockey team. He purchased sole ownership of the Missouri Mavericks in January 2015. He later changed their name to the Kansas City Mavericks in June 2017. Team ownership is part of his family legacy as he is also the son of Lamar Hunt, who founded the American Football League and the Kansas City Chiefs NFL team. Recently Forbes named the Hunt family #16 on Americans richest families list, worth $13.7 Billion dollars.

Hunt graduated from the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music in 1979. Then he played flute for the Kansas City Symphony for nine seasons. Today he serves on the board of the Kansas City Symphony.

As a founder of Loretto Companies, Lamar Hunt Jr. has distinct ventures in real estate, sports, and his charitable giving. Under Loretto Commercial, Hunt Jr. works to develop commercial projects that thrive and are sustainable in order to add to the quality of life in Kansas City. The Loretto Foundation helps to build strong families and encourage spiritual growth by focusing on Catholic schools and charities in the Kansas City area. Loretto Sports Ventures is closely tied to hockey with his overall goal of growing the youth game of ice hockey by bringing the highest level of youth hockey to the Kansas City metro.


Broye-Vully (district)

Broye-Vully District () is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Payerne.

Super Mario Odyssey

Super Mario Odyssey is a Nintendo Switch 3D platform video game released on October 27, 2017. It is part of the "Super Mario" series. It received a lot of positive ratings and is one of the highest-rated games of all time. It had sold 20 million copies as of December 31, 2020. 

Bowser and the Broodals, a group of rabbits, kidnap Princess Peach and Tiara, and take them to Bowser's airship. Mario comes to rescue Peach, but he fails, being launched towards the Cap Kingdom. However, his hat stayed on the ship, Bowser stepped on it, and it flew to the back of the ship and ripped. 

But a hat named Cappy grabs a piece, and he flies to Mario to team up with him. Cappy uses the piece to look like Mario's old cap. The two go and collect Power Moons, and in the Cascade Kingdom, they find a ship named "Odyssey," making it work with Power Moons. The two climb aboard and chase Bowser, as they travel to various kingdoms. They fight bosses along the way and collect Power Moons to reach more areas. 

They meet up with Bowser on the Moon in a cathedral, and Mario fights with him. Mario wins, but the battlefield breaks. Mario "captures" Bowser using Cappy, allowing Mario to take over Bowser. Peach and Tiara jump on Bowser's shoulder and escape the cavern. Bowser goes to propose to Peach again, and so does Mario. Peach rejects them both and gets on the "Odyssey" with Tiara and Cappy. Mario rushes to the "Odyssey" in time, leaving Bowser on the Moon.

Gros-de-Vaud (district)

Gros-de-Vaud District () is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital is the town of Echallens.

Bondo, Switzerland

Bondo () is a former municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Bregaglia.

Hottingen (Zürich)

Hottingen is a quarter in district 7 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Hergiswil (disambiguation)

Hergiswil is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Appeal to nature

An appeal to nature is an argument that says a thing is good "because" it is 'natural', or bad "because" it is 'unnatural'. It can be a bad argument for two reasons. First, not everyone agrees on what is "natural" or "unnatural". For example, eating meat is natural to some people and unnatural to others. Second, even if something is clearly natural or unnatural, that alone does not mean that the thing is good or bad. For example, many "natural" plants and animals are poisonous, but unnatural things like medicine and vaccines can be helpful against diseases. 

Some popular examples of the appeal to nature can be found on labels and advertisements for food, clothing, and health products. Labels may use the phrase "all-natural", to suggest that products are environmentally friendly and/or safe. However, a "natural" product may not be safe, environmentally friendly, or effective.

Martin Schumacher

Martin Schumacher (born June 28, 1950) is a German statistician.

Martin Schumacher graduated from the University of Dortmund in mathematics and statistics in 1974. He stayed in Dortmund and earned his PhD in 1977. Between 1975 and 1979 and 1983 and 1986 he worked for Siegfried Schach. In between, he spent the years 1979-1983 at the University of Heidelberg and worked for Herbert Immich. There he became a professor in 1982, working on the analysis of survival time. In 1984 he worked as a guest professor at the University of Washington in Seattle (USA). After returning to Dortmund he was offered a position at the University Medical Center Freiburg. He became the head of an institute from April 1986 until his retirement in May 2017.

A focus of Martin Schumacher was the training and mentorship of young researchers. The book "Methodik Klinischer Studien" (Methodology of Clinical Trials) by Schumacher and Schulgen is the first book on this topic in German and the standard textbook in Germany.

Martin Schumacher is the author or co-author of over 250 scientific publications. He helped more than 20 people to get their PhD. 




Wickliffe, Ohio

Wickliffe is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States. The population was 12,652 at the 2020 census.

Medina County, Texas

Medina County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 50,748 people lived there. The county seat is Hondo.

Bendern

Bendern is a village of Liechtenstein. It is in the municipality of Gamprin.

Malbun

Malbun is a ski-resort village in the eastern exclave of the municipality of Triesenberg, in Liechtenstein.

Rottweil

Rottweil () is the oldest town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It has almost 25,000 inhabitants as of 2015.

The Rottweiler dog breed is named after this town.

In 2015, the company ThyssenKrupp started to build a 807-foot (246 m) tower for $45 million in Rottweil. The tower was completed in 2017. It was the tallest elevator test tower in the world when it was finished.

Rottweil is twinned with:

Bliss

Bliss may mean:



List of van models

This page lists vans that are being built (as of 2013) and it lists past models. The list includes minivans, passenger vans, and cargo vans.

† = no longer in production

Chevrolet

Dodge

Ford Motor Company

Force Motors

GAZ

Hyundai

Isuzu

Iveco

Jeep

Jowett

Kia

LDV

Leyland

Lloyd

Luxgen

Mahindra

Mazda

Mercedes-Benz

Mercury

Mitsubishi

Morris

Nissan

Oldsmobile

Opel/Vauxhall

Peugeot

Plymouth

Proton
Pyonghwa

Pontiac

Ram Trucks

Renault

Riga Autobus Factory

SAIC-GM-Wuling

Saturn

SEAT

SsangYong

Subaru

Suzuki

Tatra

Tata Motors

Tempo

Toyota

Ulyanovsk Automobile Plant

Vauxhall and Bedford

Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles

Some vans can be converted into wheelchair accessible vans:

The following vehicles may be used in yards or in historic city centres:

Bourbach-le-Haut

Bourbach-le-Haut is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Aalsmeer

Aalsmeer is a municipality in North Holland in the Netherlands. In 2019, 31,728 people lived there.

Aalsmeer bloemenmarkt is a place that sells, auctions, and delivers flowers. The most popular type of flower is the Dutch national flower, the tulip.

Rossenges

Rossenges is a municipality of the district of Broye-Vully of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bouxwiller, Haut-Rhin

Bouxwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Arrondissement of Besançon

The arrondissement of Besançon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Doubs "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Besançon.

When the "arrondissements" of Doubs were created in 1800, Besançon was one of them in the Doubs department.

The "arrondissement" of Besançon is in the western part of the Doubs department and it has an area of , and a population of 248,199 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Besançon is bordered to the west and north by the Haute-Saône department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" Montbéliard, to the east by the "arrondissement" Pontarlier and to the south by the Jura department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Besançon, there are only three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Bavans, Ornans and Valdahon. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Besançon has 260 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Optare Solo

The Optare Solo is a low-floor single decker bus made by Optare in 1998. There are 2 generations and it has different lengths. 

The Optare Solo is a low-floor single decker bus made by Optare. It was launched in 1998 and it has different widths and lengths. In 2007 the Solo was replaced by the Solo SR

A narrow version called the "Slimline" was launched in 2004

A short version called the "SE" was launched in 2006

An Electric version called the "EV" was launched in 2009

The Optare Solo SR is a low-floor single decker bus made by Optare. It was launched in 2007 and it replaced the first generation Optare Solo

A diesel-electric hybrid Solo was also launched.

Optare MetroRider

The Optare MetroRider is a step-entrance midibus that was built by Optare between 1989 and 2000.

An electric version of the MetroRider was produced in 1993.

A natural gas version was also produced in 1995 and it was powered by a Compressed natural gas engine.


Midibus

A midibus is a minibus which is larger than a minibus but smaller than a single decker bus. The midibus is most common in the United Kingdom. Bus companies have found them more economical.


Arrondissement of Montbéliard

The arrondissement of Montbéliard is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Doubs "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Montbéliard.

When the "arrondissements" of Doubs were created in 1800, Montbéliard was one of them in the Doubs department, as Saint-Hippolyte. In 1816, the subprefecture was moved from Saint-Hippolyte to Montbéliard.

The "arrondissement" of Montbéliard is in the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Doubs department; it is the smallest with an area of . It has a population of 176,670 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Montbéliard is bordered to the north by the Haute-Saône department, to the northeast by the Territoire de Belfort department, to the east by Switzerland, to the south by the "arrondissement" Pontarlier and to the west by the "arrondissement" Besançon.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montbéliard, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Bavans and Valdahon. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montbéliard has 169 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Pontarlier

The arrondissement of Pontarlier is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Doubs "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Pontarlier.

When the "arrondissements" of Doubs were created in 1800, Pontarlier was one of them in the Doubs department.

The "arrondissement" of Pontarlier is in the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Doubs department; it is the largest with an area of . It has a population of 109,841 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the department with fewest inhabitants, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Pontarlier is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Montbéliard, to the east and south by Switzerland, to the southeast by the Jura department and to the west by the "arrondissement" Besançon.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Pontarlier, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Ornans and Valdahon. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Pontarlier has 149 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Alexander Dennis Enviro200

The Alexander Dennis Enviro200 (previously known as TransBus Enviro200) is a single decker low-floor midibus. It was built by Alexander Dennis in three generations starting in 2003. The bus was first built by TransBus International until the company was sold to Alexander Dennis.

The first generation TransBus Enviro200 was launched in 2003.

The second generation Enviro200 was launched in August 2006.

The third generation Enviro200, known as the Enviro200 MMC (short for Major Model Change), was launched in May 2015.

Norro Wilson

Norris Wilson (April 4, 1938 – June 8, 2017) was an American country music singer-songwriter, producer, and member of the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame.

Wilson wrote or co-wrote numerous hit songs during more than 40 years in the industry, including songs for David Houston, Jean Shepard, Charlie Rich, Charley Pride, George Jones, and Tammy Wynette, among many others. He also produced or co-produced songs for dozens of artists, including Joe Stampley, Margo Smith, Sara Evans, Kenny Chesney, and Shania Twain.

Earlier in his career, Wilson also charted ten singles on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Songs chart. The biggest of his three Top 40 hits was "Do It to Someone You Love," which reached No. 20 in 1970.

He died on June 8, 2017 in Nashville, Tennessee from heart failure, aged 79.

Betty Metcalf

Elizabeth Metcalf (August 28, 1921 – June 23, 2017) was an American optometrist and former politician in the state of Florida. Metcalf was born in New Jersey and moved to Florida 1962. She served in the Florida House of Representatives from 1982 to 1988 for district 114. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Metcalf died on 23 June 2017 from vascular dementia in Miami, Florida, aged 95. 

Sulaiman Abdul Aziz Al Rajhi

Sheikh Sulaiman bin Abdulaziz Al Rajhi (Arabic سليمان بن عبد العزيز الراجحي, born 1924) is a Saudi Arabian business figure and billionaire. As of 2011, his wealth was estimated by Forbes to be $7.7 billion, making him the 120th richest person in the world.

He received the 2012 King Faisal International Prize for dedicating half his fortune to charity, starting an Islamic bank, supporting charity work and implementing effective national projects.


Alexander Dennis Enviro400

The Alexander Dennis Enviro400 is a double-decker low-floor bus built by Alexander Dennis. There have been three generations since 2005.

The Enviro400 was built in 2005, The chassis could be built on the East Lancs Myllennium Lolyne, Optare Olympus and Scania N-series (N230UD and N280UD) bodies.

One Enviro400 was built on the Volvo B7TL chassis before Volvo B7TL was replaced by the Volvo B9TL, on which more examples of the Enviro400 were bodied.

The second generation Enviro400 was launched in 2008. It had white LED daytime running lights underneath the headlights at the front, new front bumpers and the emergency exit door was in a different place.

The third generation Enviro400 (known as the Enviro400 MMC) was launched in May 2014.

It had new front and rear lights, new front and rear bumpers, new windscreen and a new interior.

A diesel-electric hybrid version, called the Enviro400H, was launched in October 2015.

A hybrid version, called the Enviro400H City, was launched in October 2015. It is aimed at the London market, and is visually similar to the New Routemaster and Enviro200 MMC. The Enviro400H City is only sold as a hybrid in London to compete with the New Routemaster.

Vinod Chohan

Vinod Chandrasinh Chohan (1 May 1949 – 12 June 2017) was a Tanzanian-born accelerator specialist and engineer. He was a Senior Staff Member at CERN for nearly 40 years.

He held a leading position at CERN's Antiproton Accumulator, a machine that was part of the infrastructure connected to the UA1 and UA2 experiments, where the W and Z bosons where discovered in 1983. Carlo Rubbia and Simon van der Meer received the 1984 Nobel Prize in Physics for this discovery. Chohan worked closely with the latter on the Antiproton Accumulator.

Montbéliard

Montbéliard is a French commune. It is in the north of the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France, about from the border with Switzerland and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Montbéliard.

Montbéliard is the second "commune" of the department by its population, after Besançon, prefecture of the department.

The city of Montbéliard is in the northeast of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in the northern part of the Doubs department.

The "commune" of Montbéliard has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Two rivers flow through the "commune":

The confluence of the two rivers is in the city of Montbéliard.

The city of Montbéliard is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Montbéliard is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Montbéliard are known, in French, as "Montbéliardais" (women: "Montbéliardaises").

With a population of 25,521, Montbéliard has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montbéliard

Montbéliard is a subprefecture of the Doubs department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montbéliard and the administrative centre () of the canton Montbéliard formed by 4 "communes", including Montbéliard, with 30,173 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Pays de Montbéliard Agglomération".

Montbéliard is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Montbéliard are:



Jack Ong

Jack Ong (November 6, 1940 – June 13, 2017) was an American actor, writer, activist and marketing professional. He was born in Mesa, Arizona. He was known for his roles in "Next" (2007) and "Akeelah the Bee" (2005). He also appeared in "Cold Case", "ER", "Friends", "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", "The Bernie Mac Show", "Still Standing", "Dharma & Greg", "Touched by an Angel", "V.I.P.", "Chicago Hope", "The Simpsons" and "Beverly Hills, 90210".

Ong died from complications of brain cancer in California on June 13, 2017 at the age of 76.


Peter L. Berger

Peter Ludwig Berger (March 17, 1929 – June 27, 2017) was an Austrian-born American sociologist. He was known for his work in the sociology of knowledge, the sociology of religion, study of modernization, and theoretical work to sociological theory. 

Berger was best known for his book, co-authored with Thomas Luckmann, "The Social Construction of Reality: A Treatise in the Sociology of Knowledge" (New York, 1966), which is thought to be one of the most influential texts in the sociology of knowledge, and played a central role in the development of social constructionism. 

In addition to this book, some of the other books that Berger has written include: "" (1963); "" (1969); and "The Sacred Canopy: Elements of a Social Theory of Religion (1967)". 

Berger has spent most of his career teaching at The New School for Social Research, Rutgers University, and Boston University. Before retiring, Berger had been at Boston University since 1981 and was the director of the Institute for the Study of Economic Culture.




Cochlear implant

A cochlear implant (CI) is an electronic device that is inserted by surgery into a part of the ear called cochlea. Persons who are having difficulty in hearing or are completely deaf use the device to help them hear better. Not all parts of the cochlear implants are inside the ear. They have a microphone and some electronics that are usually placed behind the ear. These electronics send signals to the device implanted in the ear to make hearing possible. 

When someone's inner ear hair cells are damages, the conversion of sound vibrations to electrical signals sent to the brain for interpretation gets damaged. Cochlear implants fix this problem by having a microphone of sorts and a speech processor outside of the ear that helps capturing sounds and then processing them. Once the sounds are processed, they are transmitted to something called an internal receiver implanted within the skull on someone that has had the operation for a cochlear implant. The receiver sends signals to electrodes that are manually placed within the cochlea which is the snail-like part in the inner ear. The electrodes stimulate the auditory nerve fibers then send signals to the brain to translate the electrodes into sound.

Most cochlear implants have the following parts. They are divided into external parts which can be seen outside and internal parts which are implanted: 


Implanting the device requires proper care and skill. The person on which the device will be implanted will be anesthetized. There are risks, a person may experience mastoiditis or otitis media, the facial nerve or chorda tympani maybe damaged and the implanted device could shift. Wound infections may also occur. After the implant, people may become dizzy and have problems balancing for a few months.

The total cost of a cochlear implant in the United States was about $100,000 in 2017. Health insurance sometimes pays for all or part of the cost of cochlear implants. The national health insurance schemes in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland, Spain, and Israel pay fully for the costs of cochlear implants. The Ministry of Health in New Zealand pays the for the new cochlear implant depending on the cause of deafness.

Mali national football team

The Mali national football team (French: "Équipe du Mali de football") is the national association football team of Mali.

The team has never qualified for the FIFA World Cup, but they have participated in the Africa Cup of Nations 10 times.

The Malian team was suspended by FIFA on 17 March 2017.


Order of the Federal Republic

Nigerian National Honours are decorations awarded to Nigerians and friends of Nigeria every year. They were instituted by the National Honors Act No. 5 of 1964, during the First Nigerian Republic, to honour Nigerians who have made the nation better.

The Nigerian National Honours from the most important to the least important are:


The GCFR and GCON are usually awarded to former occupants of the office of President of Nigeria and Vice President respectively of including former military heads of state of Nigeria and Chiefs of General Staff. The GCON is also usually awarded in honor to the Chief Justice of Nigeria and the President of the Nigerian Senate during their first year in office, while the CON is customarily bestowed on Justices of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.


Federal subjects of Russia

The subjects of the Russian Federation (Russian: субъекты Российской Федерации "subekty Rossiyskoy Federatsii") are the main administrative divisions in Russia. Since 18 March 2014, Russia is made up of 85 federal subjects. They are grouped into eight federal districts.

The federal subjects are divided into oblasts, republics, krais, autonomous okrugs, federal cities and an autonomous oblast. Republics are generally independent, each having its own constitution and legislature. They are meant to be home to a certain ethnic minority. The republics can also set their own official language.

Each federal subject belongs to one of the following types:

a. The largest city is also listed when it is different from the capital/administrative center.

b. According to Article 13 of the Charter of Leningrad Oblast, the governing bodies of the oblast are located in the city of St. Petersburg. However, St. Petersburg is not officially named to be the administrative center of the oblast.

c. According to Article 24 of the Charter of Moscow Oblast, the governing bodies of the oblast are located in the city of Moscow and throughout the territory of Moscow Oblast. However, Moscow is not officially named to be the administrative center of the oblast.

d. Not recognized internationally as a part of Russia.

e. In February 2000, the former code of 20 for the Chechen Republic was cancelled and replaced with code 95. License plate production was suspended due to the Chechen Wars, causing numerous issues, which in turn forced the region to use a new code.

Anthony Young (baseball)

Anthony Wayne Young (January 19, 1966 – June 27, 2017) was an American right-handed professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the New York Mets, Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros. He was best known for having lost 27 consecutive games in which he had a decision, setting an MLB record.

Young died in Houston, Texas from brain cancer on June 27, 2017, aged 51.


Ana Brnabić

Ana Brnabić (; born 28 September 1975) is a Serbian politician. She has been the Prime Minister of Serbia since 29 June 2017. She became the first woman and first openly gay person to hold the office. 

She was previously the Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government of Serbia from 11 August 2016 until 29 June 2017, under Prime Minister Aleksandar Vučić and Acting Prime Minister Ivica Dačić. 

After Vučić was inaugurated as the President of Serbia on 31 May 2017, he proposed Brnabić as his successor in June. Her government was voted into office on 29 June 2017 by a majority of 157 out of 250 Members of the National Assembly of Serbia. 

Brnabić is the fifth openly LGBT head of government in Europe and the world (following Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir, Elio Di Rupo, Xavier Bettel and Leo Varadkar), the first openly LGBT head of government in Eastern Europe and the second female LGBT head of government overall.

Xavier Bettel

Xavier Bettel (born 3 March 1973) is a Luxembourgian politician and lawyer. He is the 24th Prime Minister of Luxembourg since 4 December 2013 after replacing Jean-Claude Juncker. He has served as Mayor of Luxembourg City, member of the Chamber of Deputies and member of the Luxembourg City communal council. Bettel is a member of the Democratic Party.

Bettel is openly gay. He is one of three openly gay world leaders in office, the others being Leo Varadkar, the prime minister of Ireland; and Ana Brnabić, the Prime Minister of Serbia.

Wally O'Connell

Wally O'Connell OAM (6 April 1923 – 28 June 2017) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. He was a five-eighth for the Australian national team. He played in ten Tests between 1948 and 1951 as captain on one occasion. Wally's younger brother Barry also played first grade football for Easts and Manly. He was born in Paddington, New South Wales.

O'Connell died on 28 June 2017 at the age of 94.

John Monckton

John James Monckton (28 October 1937 – 29 June 2017) was an Australian backstroke swimmer. He won a silver medal in the 100-metre event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. Although he set multiple world records, he never won an Olympic gold medal. He was born in Armidale, New South Wales.

Monckton was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1999.

Monckton died in Nambucca Heads, New South Wales on 29 June 2017 at the age of 79.

Louis Nicollin

Louis Nicollin (29 June 1943 – 29 June 2017) was a French entrepreneur and director of the Nicollin Company, which specializes in the collection and reprocessing of household and industrial waste. Nicollin notably served as chairman of Montpellier Hérault Sport Club, a football team, from 1974 to his death. He was born in Valence, France.

Nicollin was known in the world of French football for his explosive temperament, which caused many verbal blunders and outbursts.

Nicollin died on his 74th birthday on 29 June 2017 of a heart attack in Nîmes, France.

Fibroin

Fibroin is a type of protein that does not dissolve. It is present in silk created by spiders, the larvae of "Bombyx mori", other moth genera, and many other insects.

Syens

Syens is a municipality of the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Oberstrass

Oberstrass is a quarter in the district 6 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Riesbach

Riesbach is a district in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It is District number 8.

The district has these quarters: Seefeld, Mühlebach and Weinegg. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Zürich.

Unterstrass

Unterstrass is a quarter in the district 6 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

19,921 people lived there and its area is 2.46 km².

Wollishofen

Wollishofen is a quarter in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It is District number 2. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Wipkingen

Wipkingen is a quarter in district 10 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Marriage proposal

A marriage proposal is when one person in a relationship asks the other person to marry them. If the other person agrees, this marks the start of the couple's engagement. A person in an engaged couple is called "fiance" (male) or "fiancee" (female).

In Western culture, it is traditional for the person proposing to be down on one bent knee. A traditional proposal might be worded "Will you marry me?" 

In many cultures, it is traditional for a man to ask a woman's father for permission to marry her. The father could say no if he thought the man was not right for his daughter, or if he didn't want him as a son-in-law. In the West today, it is more common for a couple to decide between themselves and then announce their decision to their parents. Instead of asking for permission, the couple may ask for the parents' approval or their blessing.

In the United States, about 5% of proposals are performed by women.

Oberwinterthur

Oberwinterthur is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 2.

The district has these quarters: Talacker, Guggenbühl, Zinzikon, Reutlingen, Stadel, Grüze, Hegmatten and Hegi.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Seen (Winterthur)

Seen is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 3.

The district has these quarters: Waser, Büelwiesen, Waldegg, Ganzenbühl, Sonnenberg, Ricketwil, Oberseen, Gotzenwil, Eidberg, Iberg and Sennhof.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Töss (Winterthur)

Töss is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 4.

The district has these quarters: Schlosstal, Dättnau, Eichliacker and Rossberg.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

It is named after the river Töss which flows through the district.

Igualada

Igualada is a municipality of the province of Barcelona in Spain. It is located on the left bank of the Anoia river.

The city is west from the city of Barcelona. It is west from the famous Montserrat mountain.

Veltheim (Winterthur)

Veltheim is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 5.

The district has these quarters: Rosenberg and Blumenau.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Wülflingen

Wülflingen is a district in Winterthur, Switzerland. It is District number 6.

The district has these quarters: Weinberg, Oberfeld, Lindenplatz, Niederfeld, Neuburg, Hardau, Härti and Taggenberg.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Mattenbach

Mattenbach is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland.

The district has these quarters: Deutweg, Gutschick and Endliker.

Affoltern (Zürich)

Affoltern is a quarter in district 11 in the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Höngg

Zürich (Höngg) is a quarter in district 10 in Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Schwamendingen

Schwamendingen is a quarter in Zürich, Switzerland. It is District number 12.

The district has the quarters Schwamendingen Mitte, Saatlen and Hirzenbach.

Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Seebach (Zürich)

Seebach is a quarter of the district 11 of Zürich in Switzerland.

Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Witikon

Witikon is a quarter in district 7 in the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Affoltern

Affoltern may refer to the following places in Switzerland:

Töss (river)

The Töss is a river of the canton of Zurich, Switzerland. The river begins in the Zürcher Oberland. It flows along the Töss Valley ("Tösstal") past Winterthur. It joins the Rhine at Tössegg near Teufen.

Isar

The Isar is a river in Tyrol, Austria and Bavaria, Germany. Its source is in the Karwendel range of the Alps in Tyrol; it enters Germany near Mittenwald. The Isar flows through Bad Tölz, Munich and Landshut before reaching the Danube near Deggendorf. The length is . It is the fourth largest river in Bavaria (after Danube, Inn and Main). The Isar is the second most important tributary of the Danube in Germany, after Inn.

Geneva, Ohio

Geneva is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. It is named after Geneva, New York. The population was 5,924 at the 2020 census.

Plaxton Beaver

The Plaxton Beaver, (previously known as the Reeve Burgess Beaver), is a series of step-entrance minibus bodies built by Plaxton.

The first Beaver was built between 1987-1995 mainly on Mercedes-Benz van chassis such as the 709D and 811D. It was also built on the Renault S56 and Renault S75 chassis until 1992. Some were also built on Iveco 49.10 chassis.

The second Beaver (known as Beaver 2) was built on Mercedes-Benz Vario chassis. It replaced the first Beaver in December 1996.

In 2006 Plaxton launched the Beaver 3, which is the Beaver 2 body combined with the front end of another bus called the Plaxton Cheetah.

Bréchaumont

Bréchaumont is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Breitenbach-Haut-Rhin

Breitenbach-Haut-Rhin is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Bretten, Haut-Rhin

Bretten is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Brinckheim

Brinckheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Bruebach

Bruebach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Peristeri

Peristeri () is a suburban municipality in the northwestern part of Athens agglomeration, Greece. It has 139,981 inhabitants (2011 census). It is the seventh-largest municipality of Greece by population. It is about .


Bouaké

Bouaké (or Bwake) is the second-largest city in Ivory Coast. It is in the central part of Ivory Coast about northeast of Lake Kossou, the country's largest lake. It has 536,189 people according to the 2014 census.

Bouaké is twinned with:


Braggio

Braggio is a former municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Braggio, Arvigo, Cauco and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.

Nenets Autonomous Okrug

The Nenets Autonomous Okrug (Russian: Не́нецкий автоно́мный о́круг, "Nyenetskiy avtonomnyy okrug", Nenets: Ненёцие автономной ӈокрук, "Nenjocije awtonomnoj ŋokruk") is a federal subjects of Russia. It is located in northwestern Russia. The capital is Naryan-Mar. The okrug has a population of 44,110 (2020 census), making it the least populated federal subject in Russia.

The oil and gas industry make up 99% of the okrug's industrial activity. In 2015, the okrug had the highest gross domestic product in Russia.

Much of the okrug has Subarctic climate. This means the okrug experiences mild and short summers, along with long and very cold winters. Most of the okrug is also above the arctic circle, meaning polar nights occur every year.

In 2010, ethnic Russians were 66.1% of the population. Nenets were 18.6% of the population, the Komi people were 9.0% of the population and other ethnicities were 6.3% of the population.

In 1989, the population was at 54,840 people, but a rapid decrease in population occurred shortly afterwards. The population has seen a slow increase since 2002.


Mercedes-Benz T2

The Mercedes-Benz T2 (Transporter 2) is a series of vans and step-entrance minibuses produced by Daimler-Benz in two generations from 1967–1996.

The first generation T2 was launched in 1967 and it was available as a box van or a flat bed light truck.

The second generation T2 was introduced in 1986, and was built until 1996, It was only available as a minibus.

The T2 is still built in Argentina as the L 710 and the LO 915

In 1996, the T2 was replaced by the Mercedes-Benz Vario.


Léopold Sédar Senghor

Léopold Sédar Senghor (9 October 1906 – 20 December 2001) was a Senegalese poet, politician, and cultural theorist. He was the first president of Senegal (1960–80). He was part of the Négritude movement. Some people called him an African socialist, but many Senegalese socialists thought he was not really socialist because he was supported by France and put communists in Senegal in jail. He also started the Senegalese Democratic Bloc party.

Senghor was the first African allowed to join the "Académie française". Many people think he is one of the most important intellectuals from Africa during the 20th century.


Jean Renoir

Jean Renoir (; 15 September 1894 – 12 February 1979) was a French-American movie director, screenwriter, actor, producer and author. His father was artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir.

As a movie director and actor, he made more than forty movies from the silent era to the end of the 1960s. His movie "La Grande Illusion" (1937) and "The Rules of the Game" (1939). He received a Lifetime Achievement Academy Award in 1975 for his contribution to the motion picture industry.

Renoir died in Beverly Hills, California on February 12, 1979 at the age of 84.


Jerry Remy

Gerald Peter Remy, commonly known as Jerry Remy, (November 8, 1952 – October 30, 2021) was an American Major League Baseball broadcaster and Major League Baseball second baseman. An all-star second baseman originally drafted by the California Angels in 1971, he was traded to his hometown Boston Red Sox in 1977. After a series of injuries forced his retirement in 1985, he began a career in broadcasting. 

In 1988 he joined NESN as a color commentator for Red Sox broadcasts.

Remy was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He grew up in nearby Somerset, Massachusetts. He studied at Roger Williams University in Bristol, Rhode Island.

Remy suffered from depression. In 2008, Remy was diagnosed with lung cancer and had surgery. On June 12, 2017, Remy announced that the lung cancer returned. His cancer treatment ended in January 2018, but the cancer returned in August 2018.

Remy was married to Phoebe Remy. Together, they had three children. On August 16, 2013, his son, Jared, was arrested in the fatal stabbing of his girlfriend, Jennifer Martel, a charge he pleaded guilty to on May 27, 2014 and was sentenced to life in state prison without the possibility of parole.

Remy died on October 30, 2021 from lung cancer in Waltham, Massachusetts, aged 68.


Walter Fillmore

Walter Daniel Fillmore (January 7, 1933 – June 25, 2017) was an American general officer in the United States Marine Corps. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. From 1957 to 1963, he was based at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina and the Navy base at Little Creek in Virginia serving in various reconnaissance billets. Fillmore completed his airborne training during this time and was also promoted to Captain in January 1959.

Fillmore died in Virginia Beach, Virginia from vascular dementia on June 25, 2017, aged 84.

Brunstatt

Brunstatt is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Brunstatt-Didenheim.

Deaths in July 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































José María Gil-Robles

José María Gil-Robles y Gil-Delgado (17 June 1935 — 13 February 2023) was a Spanish politician. He was formerly a member of the European Parliament in the European People's Party group. He was President of the European Parliament from 1997 to 1999.

From 2009 to 2014, he was president of the Jean Monnet Foundation for Europe.

Gil-Robles died on 13 February 2023 at the age of 87.

Trimbach

Trimbach can mean:


Pontarlier

Pontarlier is a French commune in the Doubs department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in eastern France near the border with Switzerland. It is a subprefecture in the department and is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Pontarlier.

Pontarlier is the third "commune" of the department by its population, after Besançon and Montbéliard.

The city of Pontarlier is in the west of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in the southwestern part of the Doubs department.

The "commune" of Pontarlier has an area of . The city is on a plateau and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The Doubs river flows through the city.

The city of Pontarlier is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Pontarlier is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Pontarlier are known, in French, as "Pontissaliens" (women: "Pontissaliennes").

With a population of 17,413, Pontarlier has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Pontarlier

Pontarlier is a subprefecture of the Doubs department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Pontarlier and the administrative centre () of the canton Pontarlier formed by 10 "communes", including Pontarlier, with 26,699 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Pontarlier" ().

Pontarlier is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Montbéliard are:



Lionel Jospin

Lionel Jospin (; born 12 July 1937) is a French politician. He served as Prime Minister of France from 1997 to 2002. 

Jospin was the Socialist Party candidate for President of France in the elections of 1995 and 2002. He was narrowly defeated in the final runoff election by Jacques Chirac in 1995. He ran for President again in 2002, and was eliminated in the first round due to finishing behind both Chirac and the far-right candidate Jean-Marie Le Pen.

After his loss in the 2002 presidential election, he immediately announced his retirement from politics.


Midnight Sun (song)

"Midnight Sun" is a recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in March 24, 2008 as the third and final single from Brooks' third compilation album "The Ultimate Hits".

It debuted at number 20 on Great American Country's Top 20 Countdown for the week of April 11, 2008.

Isaías Pimentel

Isaías "Iyo" S. Pimentel (16 February 1933 — 26 June 2017) was a Venezuelan international tennis player. He was born on the Dutch island of Curaçao. Pimentel was three times Curaçaoan champion. He competed in the Davis Cup, representing Venezuela, a number of times, from 1957 to 1966.

Pimentel died on 26 June 2017 in Willemstad, Curaçao at the age of 84.


Macky Sall

Macky Sall (born 11 December 1961) is a Senegalese politician. He has been President of Senegal since April 2012. In 2022, he became the 20th Chairperson of the African Union.

Under President Abdoulaye Wade, Sall was Prime Minister of Senegal from April 2004 to June 2007 and President of the National Assembly of Senegal from June 2007 to November 2008. He was the Mayor of Fatick from 2002 to 2008 and from 2009 to 2012.

Janusz Korwin-Mikke

Janusz Ryszard Korwin-Mikke (often referred to by his initials JKM; born 27 October 1942) is a Polish politician, writer, and the founder of the right-wing libertarian and Eurosceptic political party "Wolność". In 2019, he was elected as a member of the Sejm.

He was a Member of the European Parliament from 2014 to 2018. He was the leader of the Congress of the New Right (KNP), which was formed in 2011 from Liberty and Lawfulness, which he led from its formation in 2009, and the Real Politics Union (UPR – "Unia Polityki Realnej"), which he led from 1990 to 1997 and from 1999 to 2003.

Korwin-Mikke is the chairman of the KORWiN party (along with Przemysław Wipler, Polish MP, and Robert Iwaszkiewicz, MEP), which was formed by part of the Congress of the New Right.

David Graham

David Graham (born 11 July 1925) is an English character actor and voice artist. Graham is known for his voice work for the series "Doctor Who" and "Thunderbirds" during the 1960s. He is also known for appearing as the villain in the one minute Apple Inc. advertisement "1984".

Graham was born in London, he trained as an actor in New York City following service in the Royal Air Force as a radar mechanic, and has since worked mainly in British television.


Women in the United States Senate

There have been 60 women in the United States Senate since it started in 1789.

Rebecca Felton was the first. She was in the Senate for one day in 1922. Hattie Caraway was the first woman elected to the Senate in 1932.
As of October 3, 2023, there are 25 women Senators out of 100. The largest number of women Senators at one time was 26, in 2020 and 2021.


Perkins

Perkins may mean:


Box truck

A box truck, also known as a box van, cube truck, cube van, is a truck or van with a cuboid-shaped box on the back. Also categorized as medium-sized trucks. Examples of box tracks: Isuzu NPR, Ford F-750, Chevrolet Silverado 3500HD and others. They have higher fuel efficiency and overall lower maintenance cost compared to heavy trucks.


Flatbed truck

A flatbed truck (or flatbed lorry in British English) is a truck which can be either articulated or rigid. The back is a flat, level 'bed' with no sides or roof.

Smaller flatbed trucks are rigid. The back has low sides which can be hinges. The sides can be hinged up when goods are on the back and hinged down when unloading goods.


Pentagon Shopping Centre

The Pentagon Shopping Centre (known locally as 'The Pentagon') is a shopping centre in Chatham, Kent. The shopping centre is next to the Waterfront bus station which replaced the Pentagon bus station in 2011.

The shopping centre was built in the 1970s. It has 2 floors with over 70 shops. There are also places to eat and a bowling alley.

The shopping centre has a lot of stores such as: 
1st Bowl (Bowling Alley), Poundland, Ann Summers, BB's Coffee & Muffins, Boots, Card Factory, DW Sports, New Look, Sainsburys, Superdrug and Wilko.


Garbage truck

Garbage truck also known as dustcart, rubbish truck, dustbin lorry, bin lorry is a truck made to collect waste and then take it to a waste site such as a landfill. Garbage trucks can collect waste from the front, side or back of the truck.

Garbage trucks are usually considered noisy and dirty due to the size and the fact that they carry garbage, also known as rubbish, waste, trash, junk.
LDV Pilot

LDV Pilot was a van and minibus made by LDV Limited from 1993 to 2006. It was related to the LDV Convoy. In 2006 the Pilot was replaced by the LDV Maxus.


LDV Maxus

LDV Maxus was a van and minibus made by LDV Limited and Daewoo from 2004 to 2009. The Maxus replaced the LDV Convoy and the LDV Pilot.

The LDV Maxus is called: Fargo Fora in Turkey, LDV V80 in Australia, Maxus LD100 in Russia and Weststar LDV Maxus in Malaysia.

In 2011, the Chinese company Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation launched a new vehicle called Maxus V80 which is identical to the LDV Maxus The LDV Maxus model was relaunched by SAIC as the V80 in June 2011.



LDV Group

LDV Group Limited, formerly Leyland DAF Vans, was a British van maker, based in Birmingham. It made vans from 1993 to 2009. In 2009 the LDV administration and assets were sold to a Chinese firm called Eco Concept. In 2010 Eco Concept sold the assets to another Chinese firm called Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation.


Arlington, Washington

Arlington is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Everett and Marysville.

Marysville, Washington

Marysville is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Everett and Arlington.

As of 2010, it had 60,020 people.

Stanwood, Washington

Stanwood is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Arlington and Camano Island.

As of 2010, it has 6,231 people.

Arrondissements of the Jura department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Jura department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Jura department are:

Since its creation, the Jura department has had few changes:


Alexander Dennis Enviro300

The Alexander Dennis Enviro300 (previously known as TransBus Enviro300) is a single decker low-floor bus. It was built in two generations from 2001 to 2015. It was built by TransBus International until 2004. It was then built by Alexander Dennis.

The first generation TransBus Enviro300 was launched in 2001. In 2004 Transbus was sold to Alexander Dennis. The bus was renamed the Alexander Dennis Enviro300. In 2006 the Enviro300 chassis became available with the East Lancs Esteem bodywork.

The second generation Enviro300 was launched in 2007. With it various chassis could be added on, like the MAN 18.240, Volvo B7RLE and Scania K230UB.

In April 2013 a gas-powered version called the Enviro300SG was launched. It was available on the Scania K230UB chassis. These buses were jointly built by Alexander Dennis and Scania.

Ola Mildred Rexroat

Ola Mildred Rexroat (August 28, 1917 – June 28, 2017) was the only Native American woman to serve in the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP). After that she joined the Air Force, where she served for ten years as an air traffic controller. In 2007 she was inducted into the South Dakota Aviation Hall of Fame. She was the last surviving WASP in South Dakota.

Rexroat was an Oglala Sioux from the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. She earned a bachelor's degree in art from the University of New Mexico in 1939. 

Rexroat died in Hot Springs, South Dakota on June 30, 2017 at the age of 99.

Nigerian naira

The naira (sign: ₦) is the official currency of Nigeria. 100 "Kobo" makes one naira.

The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) issues money throughout the Nigerian Federation. It controls the amount of money supply in the economy in order to ensure the economy and prices are stable. The Currency & Branch Operations Department of the CBN is in charge of currency management. They get the naira notes and coins from its special printers. Then they distribute/supply, process, and reissue it. They also receive and destroy old and unusable bank notes and coins.

      It was announced by the CBN(central bank of Nigeria)announced that on the fifteenth of  December 2022 Nigeria's currency is going to have a new look                                                           it was also announced that by January 2023 everyone in Nigeria is going to use the new currency. The news was later changed till the ending of 2023 ( till December).

Nigeria started using the naira on 1 January 1973, replacing the pound at a rate of 2 naira = 1 pound. The currency sign is ₦. In October 2021, the eNaira, the digital version of the state currency, is officially launched in Nigeria.

In 1973, coins were introduced in denominations of ½, 1, 5, 10 and 25 kobo, with the ½ and 1 kobo in bronze and the higher denominations in cupro-nickel. The ½ kobo coins were minted only that year. In 1991, smaller 1, 10 and 25 kobo coins were issued in copper-plated-steel, along with nickel-plated-steel 50 kobo and 1 naira. On 28 February 2007, new coins were issued in denominations of 50 kobo, 1 and 2 naira, with the 1 and 2 naira bimetallic. Some Nigerians complained that the weight of the ₦2 coin especially how heavy it is when there is a lot of it . The CBN announced that the old coins are to be replaced with the new ones on or before 31 May 2007. The central bank also stated that the ½ to 25 kobo coins withdrew withdrawn from circulation with from 28 February 2007.

On January 1, 1973, the Central Bank of Nigeria introduced notes for 50 kobo, 1, 5, 10 and 20 naira. The 50 kobo notes were last issued in 1989. In 1991, 50 naira notes were issued, followed by 100 naira in 1999, 200 naira in 2000, 500 naira in 2001 and 1000 naira on October 12, 2005.

On February 28, 2007, new designs of the 5 to 50 naira banknotes were introduced. Originally the 10, 20 and 50 naira were to be polymer banknotes, but the 5,10 and 50 were delayed to late 2009 and only the 20 was released in polymer. The notes are slightly smaller (130 x 23 mm) and redesigned from the preceding issues. In mid-2009 when Sanusi Lamido Sanusi took over as CBN Governor he eventually changed the 5, 10 and 50 naira to polymer notes.

On the 1000 naira notes, there is a subtle shiny strip running down the back of the note. It is a shimmery gold colour showing 1000 naira. The triangular shape in the middle of the front of the note changes its colour from green to blue when tilted. The main feature on the front is the engraved portraits of Alhaji Aliyu Mai-Bornu and Dr Clement Isong, former governors of the Central Bank of Nigeria.

On the first prints of the 100 naira notes issued starting December 1, 1999, Zuma Rock was captioned as located in Federal Capital Territory, while actually it is in Niger State. Later prints removed the reference to FCT, ABUJA.

In 2012 the Central Bank of Nigeria may be contemplating the introduction of new currency denominations of N5,000. The bank has also made plans to convert ₦5, ₦10, ₦20 and ₦50 into coins which are all presently notes.

The Central Bank of Nigeria has announced that it will no longer issue banknotes on polymer due to higher costs and environmental issues.

On November 12, 2014, the Central Bank of Nigeria issued a special 100 naira note to celebrate the 100 years of Nigeria's existence. The notes are similar to its regular ones with the portrait of Chief Obafemi Awolowo on front, but is redesigned to include a new color style. It has the text "One Nigeria, Great Promise" in microprinting and a quickresponse code (QRC) which when scanned leads users to a website about Nigeria's history on the back.


Currency symbol

A currency symbol is a short symbol used as for a currency's name.

When writing currency amounts the location of the symbol varies by currency. Many currencies in the English-speaking world and Latin America, place it before the amount (e.g., R$50,00). The Cape Verdean escudo places its symbol in the decimal separator position (i.e., 20$00). The usage of many European countries, such as France, Germany, Scandinavian countries, is to place the symbol after the amount 20,50 €.

Barry Norman

Barry Leslie Norman, CBE (21 August 1933 – 30 June 2017) was a British movie critic, journalist and television presenter. He was best known for presenting "Film..." on BBC One from 1972 to 1998, the programme's longest-running host.

He was the brother of script editor and director Valerie Norman.

Bebe Neuwirth

Bebe Neuwirth is an American actress.

Paul Hardin III

Paul Hardin III (June 11, 1931 – July 1, 2017) was an American academic administrator. He was the chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1988 to 1995, president of Wofford College from 1968 to 1972, of Southern Methodist University from 1972 to 1974, and of Drew University from 1974 to 1988. 

Hardin died at his Chapel Hill home of ALS-related complications on July 1, 2017, aged 86.

Test Mode

A Test Mode is a secret mode hidden in an electronic device that allows a manufacturer to test the product before it gets sent to the consumer. A consumer can access the test mode by pressing some buttons and either inserting the battery or holding down and letting go of the reset button. On entering a test mode, the electronic device will do random sounds and other things, like giving out a version number and producing a loud beep to confirm that the speaker is working. The main part of the test mode is either a rapid fire or manual sound playing program on which the electronic device cycles through it's list of sounds.

Test Modes in electronic handheld games are often accessed for creativity purposes on which the consumer can record the sounds they need to make skits, commercials and other things.

Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash

Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash is a Facebook group where members can share and discuss Internet memes relating to Bernie Sanders, an American politician and junior United States senator from Vermont. Sanders was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the 2020 U.S. presidential election. The page has been thought to have boosted Sanders' popularity among millennials more than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.

, the group had about 394,448 members. The content of Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash is user submitted. Members of the group create posts as commentary for Sanders and his presidential campaign. Many of the posts edit the politician into memes.

One notable meme from the page, "Bernie v. Hillary", features a political poster comparing the two candidates on a particular issue mainly depicting Clinton as the less favorable option with Sanders being the preferred option.

The group was created in early October 2015 by college student Will Dowd and author Sean Walsh with the purpose of supporting the 2016 Bernie Sanders presidential campaign.

A spin-off dating group, Bernie Sanders Dank Meme Singles, was founded by nonprofit director Beth Hannah, who works for the Human Resource Development Council in Havre, Montana. Members post either Internet memes, personal advertisements, or selfies.

Darrall Imhoff

Darrall Tucker Imhoff (October 11, 1938 – June 30, 2017) was an American former professional basketball player. He spent twelve seasons in the NBA (1960–72), playing for six teams. Imhoff was the starting center for the New York Knicks, and played for 20 minutes in the game when Wilt Chamberlain scored an NBA personal scoring record of 100 points.

Imhoff died on June 30, 2017 in Bend, Oregon of a heart attack at the age of 78.


Gwalior

Gwalior is a city in Madhya Pradesh, India. One of the prominent landmarks of Gwalior is Gwalior Fort of the Tomara dynasty.

Barang Tehsil

Barang is a tehsils (sub divisional headquarter) in Bajaur Agency, Pakistan.

Mugena

Mugena is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Breno, Arosio, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Vezio

Vezio is a village and former municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Breno, Arosio, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Veltheim (disambiguation)

Veltheim can mean:

Angerville

Angerville can mean:


Saint-Gingolph

Saint-Gingolph can mean:

Wetzikon (disambiguation)

Wetzikon is the name of two villages in Switzerland:

Thundorf

The name Thundorf can mean:

Zurich, Kansas

Zurich is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 89 people lived there.

Zurich was created on the plains of northwest Kansas in the late 1870s. In 1880, John and Armenda Webb, who were born in Zurich, Switzerland, filed a US postal service application using the name of their birthplace, Zurich. The application was approved. Armenda Webb became the first postmaster of Zurich. She ran the post office from her home.

Union Pacific Railroad built a railroad through western Kansas in 1888. The line was went just south of Zurich where a train depot was created.

In 1918, fire destroyed most of the Zurich business district when the west side of Main Street caught fire. Three years later, fire destroyed the post office, creamery, and a store in northern Main Street.

The post office in Zurich was ended in 1996.

Zurich is at (39.232265, -99.4347). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

In 2020, there were 89 people, 46 households, and 22 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 82.6% owned their home and 17.4% rented their home.

The median age was 47.8 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 1.1% were Native American, 1.1% were Asian, 1.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.5% of the people.

In 2010, there were 99 people, 46 households, and 24 families living in Zurich.

Zurich High School was to Palco High School in 1955. Zurich grade school closed in 1977. The Zurich grade school mascot was the Wildcats.


Rooks County, Kansas

Rooks County (standard abbreviation: RO) is a county of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, 4,919 people lived there. The county seat is Stockton, and the largest city is Plainville.

Rooks County was founded on February 26, 1867 and named for Private John C. Rooks of the 11th Kansas Infantry who died at the Battle of Prairie Grove near Fayetteville, Arkansas, during the Civil War.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.5%) is water.





Rooks County is divided into twelve townships. None of the cities within the county are considered "governmentally independent", and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.


Plainville, Kansas

Plainville is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. 1,746 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Stockton, Kansas

Stockton is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is the county seat of Rooks County. 1,480 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Damar, Kansas

Damar is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. 112 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Data center

Data center is a special building or room built to house a lot of running computer servers. It provides fast network connections between servers to communicate and process a lot of data, and some for talking to the outside world. There are cooling machines to deal with heat from each server and control moisture to stop computers from breaking too fast. There is often an emergency electricity supply from an UPS (or diesel generator) to make sure that computers still work even when mains power goes out. And there are usually some kind of fire extinguishers there to keep fire from computers if there happen to be any.

Data centers are normally built and used by companies that need a lot of always-on computer, companies that are hired to do computing for someone else (for example, ones that do web hosting), and most modern telecommunication companies.


Pennsauken Township, New Jersey

Pennsauken is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb of Philadelphia which is across the Delaware River. They are connected by the Betsy Ross Bridge.

The township includes Petty's Island, a island in the Delaware River.

Marc-André Fleury

Marc-André Fleury (born November 28, 1984) is a French-Canadian ice hockey goaltender. He plays for the Minnesota Wild. He also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins, Vegas Golden Knights, and Chicago Blackhawks.

He has also played hockey internationally for the Canadian men's national team. During his time with Team Canada, Fleury won the gold medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. 

Rookie

A rookie is a person who is new at a task. The term rookie is often used to describe a person who is new, or, a status at playing sports or games.

Ice cream float

An ice cream float is a beverage. It has ice cream in either a soft drink or in a mixture of flavored syrup and carbonated water. It can also be called soda (United States, United Kingdom, Canada, South Africa and East Asia), coke float (United Kingdom), root beer float (United States, Canada) or spider (Australia and New Zealand).

Root beer

Root beer is a sweet soda. It is traditionally made using sassafras or sarsaparilla as the main flavor. 

It does not have caffeine, though some root beer makers add caffeine. It can be carbonated or non-carbonated. Modern, commercially produced root beer is generally sweet, foamy, carbonated, nonalcoholic, and flavoured using artificial sassafras flavouring.

A&amp;W (Canada)

A&W Food Services of Canada, Inc. is a Canadian fast food restaurant chain. The first Canadian A&W restaurant opened in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1956. A&W is known best for their root beer.

A&W Canada was part of the U.S.-based A&W Restaurants chain, but was sold to Unilever in 1972. In 1995 Unilever sold the company. It no longer has any corporate connection to A&W operations outside of Canada. The company has more locations than the United States even though the population is smaller in Canada.


Trogen

Trogen is a municipality of the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland. The town is the seat of the canton's judical authorities.


Buethwiller

Buethwiller () is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Drive-in

A drive-in is a place (such as a restaurant or movie theater) where customers drive in with a car for service. 

At a drive-in restaurant waiters are called carhops. They take food orders from drivers in their parked cars then return with the food. Drive-in theaters have a large screen and a car parking area.

Depok

Depok () is a city in West Java Province, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta. It is in the Jabodetabek metropolitan area.

Ice cream van

An ice cream van (British English) or ice cream truck (American English) is a vehicle that serves ice cream. Ice cream vans are often parked at public events, or near parks and beaches.

Ice cream vans often drive near where children play such as schools and in neighbourhoods. They usually stop before going to the next street.

Ice cream vans are usually brightly decorated and have images of ice creams and cartoon characters on them. 

Ice cream vans have a large serving hatch with a large sliding window at the side of the van. Many times the window has small pictures of the available ice creams with their prices. 

Lodi, California

Lodi is a city located in San Joaquin County, California, United States.

Arrondissement of Dole

The arrondissement of Dole is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Dole.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Dole was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Dole is in the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Jura department; it has an area of . It has a population of 83,701 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Dole is bordered to the north by the Haute-Saône department, to the east by Doubs department, to the south by the "arrondissement" Lons-le-Saunier, to the southwest by the Saône-et-Loire department and to the west by the Côte-d'Or department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Dole, there are five cantons and they have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Dole has 191 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Lester Speight

Lester Speight (born August 28, 1963), also known as Rasta, is a former American football player and current actor. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He achieved significant recognition for his portrayal of Terry Tate:Office Linebacker in a series of Reebok commercials that debuted during Super Bowl XXXVII and received further recognition for his portrayal of Augustus Cole in the Gears of War series of video games.

Lester Speight was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Gussie Watson and Walter Speight. He graduated from Old Mill High School in Millersville, Maryland, in 1981, where he excelled in football, track, and basketball. He attended Morgan State University from 1981 to 1985 and was a Division 1 All-American Linebacker.


Nissan Serena

The Nissan Serena is a series of minivans built by Nissan Motor Company. The assembly for the Nissan Serena is in Oppama, Japan. They are sold in Japan, North America, and Europe. The first Serena arrived in 1991. It was followed by its second generation in 1999, third generation in 2005, and fourth generation in 2010. The fifth generation has been on sale since 2016.

The first-generation Serena was launched in 1991.

The Nissan Vanette was a series of small vans built in Spain by Nissan Motors alongside the European Serena models. The van was produced in two versions, the Vanette E and the Vanette Cargo. Both were shells of the Serena.

In June 1998, LDV Limited sold a rebranded version of the Vanette Cargo called the LDV Cub. It was sold in Britain. The model was discontinued in 2001. It was replaced by a version of the Renault Trafic, called the Nissan Primastar.

The second-generation Serena was launched in Japan in July 1999.

The third-generation Serena was launched in Japan in May 2005. This model was only sold in Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia and Brunei.

The fourth-generation Serena was launched in Japan in November 2010. This model was only sold in Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Indonesia.

The fifth-generation Serena was launched in July 2016.

1992 Arab Cup

The 1992 Arab Cup (Arabic: ) was the 6th Arab Cup tournament. Egypt won the tournament after defeating Saudi Arabia in the final.

The tournament was part of the 1992 Pan Arab Games, but also counted for the Arab Cup.

Iraq was banned from the tournament because of the Gulf War.



FC Akhmat Grozny

FC Akhmat Grozny (Chechen: футболан клуб Ахмат Соьлжа-ГӀала, "futbolan klub akhmat cölzha ġala"; Russian: Республиканский футбольный клуб Ахмат Грозный, "Respublikanskiy futbol'nyy klub akhmat groznyy"; Republican Football Club Akhmat Grozny) is a association football club from Grozny, Chechnya, Russia. From 1958 until 2017, the club was named Terek Grozny. The club plays in the Russian Premier League.

The club is currently named after the 1st Chechen President, Akhmad Kadyrov

Akhmat Grozny currently plays their games in the Akhmat-Arena. Because of the war in Chechnya, from the 1990's to 2007 they played their home games in Pyatigorsk, Stavropol Krai. Before the 2008 season, the Russian Football Union allowed the club to play their home matches in Grozny.



Leon Goretzka

Leon Christoph Goretzka (born 6 February 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.



Le Donjon

Le Donjon is a commune in the Allier department in central France.


Buhl, Haut-Rhin

Buhl is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Burnhaupt-le-Bas

Burnhaupt-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Burnhaupt-le-Haut

Burnhaupt-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in the east France.

Buschwiller

Buschwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Carspach

Carspach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Fulda (disambiguation)

Fulda can mean:



Lodrino

Lodrino can mean:


Ashland, Ohio

Ashland is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Ashland County.

Ashland County, Ohio

Ashland County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 52,447 people lived there. The county seat is Ashland.

The county has a total area of .




Ashtabula, Ohio

Ashtabula is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States, and the center of the Ashtabula Micropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 17,975.

Ashtabula County, Ohio

Ashtabula County is the northeasternmost county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 97,574. The county seat is Jefferson.

Paint Rock, Texas

Paint Rock is a town of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Concho County.

Paducah, Texas

Paducah is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Cottle County.

Paducah

Paducah can mean:

Oberrieden

Oberrieden can mean:

Wiler (disambiguation)

Wiler can mean:

Bendorf

Bendorf can mean:

Trient

Trient can mean:

Eschenbach

Eschenbach can mean:



Staufen

Staufen can mean:

Burnhaupt

Burnhaupt is the name of two communes in Haut-Rhin:

Bourbach

Bourbach is the name of two communes in Haut-Rhin:

Bouxwiller

Bouxwiller is the name of the following communes in France:

Homberg

Homberg can mean:





Jura-Nord vaudois (district)

Jura-Nord vaudois District () is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital is the city of Yverdon-les-Bains. The population (in December 2015) was 89,364.

These municipalities are part of the district:

Lavaux-Oron (district)

The Lavaux-Oron District () is a district in the Swiss canton of Vaud. The capital is the town of Cully.

Eschenbach (Göppingen)

Eschenbach () is a municipality of the district Göppingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sonntag, Austria

Sonntag is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Breil/Brigels

Breil/Brigels (, ) is a municipality of the district Surselva of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of Breil/Brigels.


Brienz/Brinzauls

Brienz/Brinzauls () was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Brienz/Brinzauls, Alvaneu, Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Varzo

Varzo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Varzo is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. It is on the border with Switzerland. As of 2004 about 2,209 people lived there. It has an area of .

Varzo borders the following municipalities: Baceno, Bognanco, Crevoladossola, Crodo, Grengiols (Switzerland), Ried-Brig (Switzerland), Trasquera and Zwischbergen (Switzerland).


Cernay, Haut-Rhin

Cernay is a French commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

It is on the river Thur, 17 km northwest of Mulhouse.

Altafulla

Altafulla is a municipality in the "comarca" of the Tarragonès in Catalonia, Spain.


Granby, Quebec

Granby (as of the 2011 census population 63,433) is a town in southwestern Quebec. It is between Montreal and Sherbrooke. Pascal Bonin is the mayor of Granby.

Cable ferry

A cable ferry (known as chain ferry, swing ferry, floating bridge, or punt) is a ferry that is guided (and in some cases propelled) across a river by cables connected to both shores. Early cable ferries used either rope or steel chains, with the latter resulting in the name "chain ferry". Both of these were replaced by wire cable in the 19th century.


Šiauliai

Šiauliai is the fourth-largest city in Lithuania. In 2016 about 102,000 people lived in the city. From 1994 to 2010 it was the capital of Šiauliai County.

Šiauliai is twinned with:


Sogod, Southern Leyte

Sogod is a municipality in the province of Southern Leyte, Philippines.

Sliema

Sliema is a town on the northeast coast of Malta in the Northern Harbour District. It is a major residential and commercial area and a centre for shopping, dining and café life. About 26,000 people lived there in 2013.



Arrondissement of Saint-Claude

The arrondissement of Saint-Claude is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Claude.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Saint-Claude was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude is in the southwest of the Jura "département"; it is the smaller "arrondissement" with an area of . It has a population of 50,909 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with fewest people living in it, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude is bordered to the north and west by the "arrondissement" Lons-le-Saunier, to the east by Switzerland and to the south by the Ain "département."

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude, there are five cantons and three of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude has 60 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Boyd County, Kentucky

Boyd County is a county in Kentucky. Its county seat is Catlettsburg. At the 2020 census, 48,261 people lived in the county.

Arrondissement of Lons-le-Saunier

The arrondissement of Lons-le-Saunier is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Lons-le-Saunier.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Lons-le-Saunier was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 126,071 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Dole, to the east by the Doubs department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" Saint-Claude, to the southwest by the Ain department and to the west by the Saône-et-Loire department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier, there are nine cantons and seven of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier has 258 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Norman Dorsen

Norman Dorsen (September 4, 1930 – July 1, 2017) was an American lawyer. He was the Frederick I. and Grace A. Stokes Professor of Law and Co-Director of the Arthur Garfield Hays Civil Liberties Program at the New York University School of Law. 

Dorsen specialized in Constitutional Law, Civil Liberties, and Comparative Constitutional Law. He was president of the American Civil Liberties Union from 1976 through 1991. He was also president of the Society of American Law Teachers, 1972–1973, and president of the U.S. Association of Constitutional Law in 2000. 

Dorsen successfully argued the case of "In re Gault", 387 U.S. 1 (1967), before the U.S. Supreme Court which held that juveniles accused of crimes in a delinquency proceeding must be afforded many of the same due process rights as adults. He argued Supreme Court cases "Levy v. Louisiana" (1968), ensuring equal protection for out-of-wedlock children, and "United States v. Vuitch" (1971), the first abortion case to reach the Court.

Dorsen died on July 1, 2017 in Manhattan, New York from complications of a stroke, aged 86.


Ayan Sadakov

Ayan Faikov Sadakov () (26 September 1961 – 1 July 2017) was a Bulgarian footballer and a key member of the Bulgarian national team in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.

Sadakov began his club career at the local Lokomotiv Plovdiv. For "The Smurfs" he played eleven seasons, before transferring to Portugal's C.F. Os Belenenses in 1989. Two years later he return in Lokomotiv and played two years, before signed with Botev Plovdiv in summer 1994. Sadakov made 80 appearances for Bulgaria, between 1981 and 1991 and scored 9 goals. He played in four matches for his country at 1986 FIFA World Cup.

Sadakov had been appointed on September 29, 2008 as a manager of Lokomotiv Plovdiv a second time to replace Dragan Kanatlarovski.

In 2014, Sadakov announced he was diagnosed with ALS. He died on 1 July 2017, aged 55.

Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz

Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz is a town in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 25 km west of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, 30 km west of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 28 km southeast of Bayreuth. It is also about 1 km north of the large US military base in Grafenwöhr.

Smith Hart

Smith Stewart Hart (November 28, 1948 – July 2, 2017) was an American-Canadian professional wrestler and a member of the Hart wrestling family. His parents were Stu and Helen Hart. 

Smith was the first of their twelve children, being one of their eight sons, Bruce, Keith, Wayne, Dean, Bret, Ross and Owen followed him. 

Hart wrestled for the majority of his career in Canada but also worked shortly in other countries and was best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling and for his appearances for WWE.

On July 2, 2017, Hart died at his Calgary, Alberta home at the age of 68 of prostate and bone cancer. he suffered from cancer since January 2016.

Hömberg

Hömberg is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.

Vladimir Malaniuk

Vladimir Pavlovich Malaniuk (Malanyuk) (Ukraine: Володимир Павлович Маланюк; July 21, 1956 – July 2, 2017) was a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster. He was born in Arkhangelsk, Soviet Union. Thought by many to be one of the more colourful characters on the chess circuit, he was known for rapid chess, which was showed at some of the world's most well known 'speed chess' tournaments.

In 2005, he finished second at the Tallinn (Keres Memorial) rapid event, behind Alexey Shirov but ahead of such luminaries as Anatoly Karpov and Boris Gelfand. 

Malaniuk died of kidney cancer in Amsterdam on July 2, 2017 at the age of 60.


Orri Vigfússon

Orri Vigfússon (10 July 1942 – 1 July 2017) was an Icelandic entrepreneur and environmentalist. His work was to "restore the abundance of wild salmon that formerly existed on both sides of the North Atlantic". He was born in Siglufjörður, Iceland.

In 2004 Time Magazine named him a "European Hero". He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2007 for his efforts on saving endangered species.

Vigfússon died on 1 July 2017 in Reykjavik, Iceland of lung cancer at the age of 74.

Silver Donald Cameron

Silver Donald Cameron (June 21, 1937 – June 1, 2020) was a Canadian journalist, author, playwright and university teacher. He was born in Toronto. His writing focuses on social justice, nature and the environment. 

His 15 books of non-fiction deal with everything from history and politics to education and community development. An avid sailor, Cameron has written several books about ships and the sea. He is the author of a young adult novel and a thriller, both set in Nova Scotia where he has lived for more than 40 years. 

Two of his books, "The Education of Everett Richardson" (1977) and "The Living Beach" (1998) are included in "Atlantic Canada's 100 Greatest Books".

Cameron died of lung cancer in Halifax, Nova Scotia on June 1, 2020 at the age of 82.

Homburg

Homburg or Hombourg may refer to






Hamburg (disambiguation)

Hamburg, officially the "Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg", is Germany's second-largest city and a federated state.

Hamburg may also refer to:





Tatiana Zatulovskaya

Tatiana Yakovlevna Zatulovskaya ( , ) (8 December 1935 – 2 July 2017) was an Israeli (formerly Soviet and Russian) chess player. She held the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM) and was twice women's senior world champion. Her last name may also be spelled as "Zatulovskaia" or "Zatulovskaja". Zatulovskaya was a three-time winner of the Women's Soviet Chess Championship (1960, 1962, and 1963).

In 1961, she was awarded by FIDE the title of Woman International Master (WIM). In 1976, Zatulovskaya became a Woman Grandmaster. She represented the USSR at the 1963 and 1966 Women's Chess Olympiads.

In the 1960s and the 1970s she often qualified for Interzonals and Candidates Tournaments for the Women's World Chess Championship.

In 1993, she won the Women's Seniors World Championship with 10 out of 11 points (10 wins, 0 losses, and 2 draws). In 1997, she became again the World Champion among senior women.

In 2000, she emigrated to Israel. As of April 2009, Zatulovskaya's rating was 2034.

Zatulovskaya was born in Baku. She died of liver failure in Tel Aviv at the age of 81.

Hamberg

Hamberg can be the surname of a person. It may also refer to:



Hamberg, North Dakota

Hamberg is a town in Wells County, North Dakota, United States. 11 people lived there in 2020.

2004 Russian Premier League

The 2004 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2004, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2004") was the 3rd Russian Premier League season, and the 13th top division football tournament. It was played from 12 March to 12 November 2004. Lokomotiv Moscow won their 2nd title, and Aleksandr Kerzhakov was the top scorer with 18 goals.

18 goals


17 goals


15 goals


10 goals



Hombourg

Hombourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.

Hombourg-Budange

Hombourg-Budange is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.


José Luis Cuevas

José Luis Cuevas (February 26, 1934 – July 3, 2017) was a Mexican artist. He was born in Mexico City.

Cuevas was one of the first to challenge the then dominant Mexican muralism movement as a member of the Generación de la Ruptura (Breakaway Generation). He was a mostly self-taught artist, whose styles and influences are moored to the darker side of life, often depicting distorted figures and the debasement of humanity. He had remained a controversial figure throughout his career, not only for his often shocking images, but also for his opposition to writers and artists who he feels participate in corruption or create only for money.

In 1992, the José Luis Cuevas Museum was opened in the historic center of Mexico City holding most of his work and his personal art collection.

Cuevas died on July 3, 2017 in Mexico City at the age of 83.



Russian Football National League

The Russian Football National League (Russian: Первенство Футбольной Национальной Лиги, "Pervenstvo Futbol'noy Natsional'noy Ligi"; previously named the Russian First Division (Russian: Первый дивизион; "Pervyy divizion") is the second level of professional Russian football. The best teams in each season get promoted to the Russian Premier League, while the worst teams in each season get sent to the Professional Football League.


Solvi Stubing

Solvi Stubing (19 January 1941 – 3 July 2017) was a German-Italian actress, model and television personality. She was born in Berlin, Stubing obtained wide popularity in Italy with a commercial for Peroni Beer, and starred in many movies, often of modest value, in several genres of Italian cinema. For many years, between the 1980s and the 1990s, she hosted a number of television programs about cinema. She was known for her roles in "" (1969), "Garringo" (1969), "Blindman" (1971) and "Strip Nude for Your Killer" (1975).

Stubing died on 3 July 2017 at her home in Rome from multiple myeloma at the age of 76.

Paolo Villaggio

Paolo Villaggio (; 30 December 1932 – 3 July 2017) was an Italian actor, voice actor, writer, director and comedian. He was born in Genoa, Liguria.

He was known for the characters he created with paradoxical and rude characteristics: Professor Kranz, the ultra-timid Giandomenico Fracchia, and the comedic Ugo Fantozzi. He authored several books, usually of satirical character. He also acted in dramatic roles, and appeared in several movies.

Villaggio died in Rome of complications from diabetes on 3 July 2017 at the age of 84.

Murmansk State Technical University

The Murmansk State Technical University (Russian: Мурманский Государственный Технический Университет, "Murmanskiy Gosudarstvennyy Tekhnicheskiy Universitet"; abbreviated as MSTU in English and МГТУ in Russian) is a public university in Murmansk. It was founded in 1950 as the Murmansk High Marine School (Russian: Мурманское Высшее Мореходное Училище). There are currently around 6,000 to 8,000 students attending the university.



Ares (DC Comics)

Ares (also known as Mars or War) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. Based on the Greek mythological figure of the same name, he is the Greek god of war and serves as a major adversary of the superhero Wonder Woman within the DC Universe.

The character has appeared in various forms of media. Alfred Molina voiced him in the 2009 direct-to-video animated movie "Wonder Woman". Ares later made his live-action debut in the 2017 movie "Wonder Woman", where he is portrayed by English actor David Thewlis.

Darkseid

Darkseid (pronounced "Darkside") is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer-artist Jack Kirby, the character made a cameo appearance in "Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen" #134 (Dec. 1970) before making his full first appearance in "Forever People" #1 (Feb. 1971).

As the tyrannical ruler of the planet Apokolips, Darkseid's ultimate goal is to conquer the universe and eliminate all free will. One of the most powerful beings in the DC Universe, the character became a staple Superman villain and a major enemy of the Justice League. Darkseid was ranked number 6 on IGN's top 100 comic book villains of all time and number 23 on Wizard's 100 greatest villains of all time.

The character has been substantially adapted into various forms of media, most notably being voiced by Frank Welker in "" and "", by Michael Ironside in the DC animated universe, and by Andre Braugher in "". 

After being referenced multiple times in the DC Extended Universe, Darkseid made his live-action debut in the movie "Zack Snyder's Justice League" with Ray Porter playing him in 2021.

Alfonso Arau

Alfonso Arau Incháustegui (born January 11, 1932) is a Mexican actor, screenwriter and director. He was born in Mexico City. His career began in 1954. He was known for his roles as Captain Herrera in Sam Peckinpah's 1969 western, "The Wild Bunch", chief bandit El Guapo in "Three Amigos!" (1986), shady businessman Manuel in the comedy "Used Cars" (1980), and the smuggler Juan in "Romancing the Stone" (1984). He directed the movies "", "Like Water for Chocolate" and "A Walk in the Clouds".


The Wild Bunch

The Wild Bunch is a 1969 American epic Western Technicolor and Panavision movie directed by Sam Peckinpah about an aging outlaw gang on the Texas–Mexico border, trying to exist in the changing modern world of 1913. The movie was controversial because of its graphic violence and its portrayal of crude men attempting to survive by any available means.

The movie, whose screenplay was written by Peckinpah and Walon Green, stars William Holden, Robert Ryan, Ernest Borgnine, Ben Johnson, Alfonso Arau and Warren Oates. It was filmed in Mexico.

Murmansk

Murmansk (Russian: Му́рманск) is a port city in northwestern Russia. It is located within the Murmansk Oblast. As of 2019, the city has a population of 292,465 people.

The first Murmansk settlement was founded in 1915. It was founded during World War I so Russia's allies could send supplies to a port that wasn't blocked by ice as Archangelsk and Saint Petersburg were. The location soon had a naval base and port. The settlement became an official city in 1916, and was named Romanov-on-Murman (Russian: Рома́нов-на-Му́рмане, Romanov-na-Murmane). The city was given it's current name on 16 April 1917.

From 1918 to 1920, during the Russian Civil War, the city was occupied by the White army and the Triple Entente.

During World War II, the city was an important link to the Western world for the Soviet Union. They traded supplies during the war. In 1941, the German and Finnish forces launched Operation Silver Fox with the goal of capturing Murmansk. The Soviets defeated the invaders, but Murmansk suffered a lot of destruction.

Murmansk is headquarters of the Northern Fleet of the Russian Navy. During the Cold War it was a center for Soviet submarine activity.

In 1974, a large 36 meter (118 feet) tall monument was built in the city. It is called the Alyosha Monument. It was built in remembrance of all who fought for Murmansk in World War II. On 6 May 1985, Murmansk was formally called a Hero City (which is a title awarded to cities in the Soviet Union that performed outstanding heroism during WW2).

The Arctic Hotel opened in 1984, and became the tallest building above the Arctic Circle.

The main industries in Murmansk are fishing, sea transport, rail and road transportation, marine geology, etc.

The city's population has been shrinking since 1992. At it's peak, the city had a population of around 489,000 people in 1989. Between 1989 and 1992, more than 28,000 people left the city. This was because of the sudden deterioration in the economic situation.

According to the 2010 census, the ethnic composition is:


In 2016, 16.5% of the population was under 15 years of age, while 54.7% was between 16 and 56, and 28.7% of the population was older than 56. This means that the city has a older population compared to the entire Murmansk Oblast.

Murmansk has a subarctic climate. This means that the city has long and cold winters and short, cool summers. Murmansk is above the arctic circle, so the city experiences polar nights.


Old Synagogue (Erfurt)

The Old Synagogue (German:"Alte Synagoge") in Erfurt, in central Germany, is one of the best preserved medieval synagogues in Europe. The oldest parts were built in the late 11th century. Most parts of the building are from around 1250 to 1320. In 2015 it was proposed as a World Heritage Site. 

It has been a museum of local Jewish history since 2009. The Erfurt Treasure is kept there. This is a collection of medieval coins, jewellery and metalwork found in 1998. The museum also has copies of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts. This is a collection of rare religious manuscripts that belonged to the Jewish community of Erfurt in the middle ages.

The oldest parts of the building date from 1094. About 1270 a larger synagogue, which included parts of the older building, was built. The western wall of the building dates from this time. It has its six original windows. Another storey was added in the early 1300s.
In 1349, many people died from the Black Death disease. People said it was the fault of the Jews. The Jews were murdered and made to leave the city. This pogrom is known as the Erfurt Massacre. The synagogue was damaged and Erfurt City Council took control of the building. They later sold it to a local business man. He used it as a warehouse and made changes to the interior, including building a cellar. For the next 500 years it was used for storing goods. 

From the 19th century, the building was used as a ballroom, a restaurant and even a bowling alley. These changes meant that the Old Synagogue was mostly forgotten about. Its history was not recognised, which helped to protect it during the Nazi period.

In the late 1980s there was renewed interest in the old building. The architectural historian Elmar Altwasser began to research it in 1992. Erfurt City Council bought the property in 1998 and researched and conserved it. All stages of the building's history were conserved, not just its use as a Synagogue.

In 2007 a rare and well-preserved Jewish ritual bath, a Mikveh, was discovered not far from the Old Synagogue by archaeologists. It was built about 1250.

In 2015 the Old Synagogue and Mikveh, and a stone house in Erfurt's medieval city centre, also built around 1250 that had belonged to Jews, were proposed as a World Heritage Site. This has been provisionally listed but no final decision has been made.

The Old Synagogue opened as a museum on 27 October 2009.

The Erfurt Treasure is displayed in the museum. This is a collection of coins, jewellery and metalwork that is thought to have belonged to Jews who hid them at the time of the Erfurt massacre in 1349. It was found in 1998 in the wall of a house in a medieval Jewish neighbourhood in Erfurt. 

The museum also displays copies of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts. This is a collection medieval manuscripts written from the 12th to the 14th centuries. They came into the possession of the Erfurt City Council after the Erfurt Massacre in 1349. They were kept at the library at St. Augustine's Monastery in Erfurt from the mid 17th century. In 1880 they were sold to the Royal Library in Berlin, which is now the Berlin State Library. The original manuscripts are kept there.

One of the Erfurt Manuscripts is the Tosefta, dating from the 12th century. The Tosefta is a collection of ancient jewish oral laws collected by scholars in the first 200 years AD. Copies of Tosefta were not made very often. The Erfurt Tosefta is the oldest of only three known Tosefta manuscripts. It was written in the 12th century. The other two Tosefta manuscripts are the Vienna Tosefta, made in the late 13th century, held by the Austrian National Library and the London Tosefta, made in 15th century, held by the British Library.

Moses Samuel Zuckermandel was the first person to point out the importance of the Erfurt Tosefta. He published an important study on it in 1876.


Hindu reform movements

Hindu reform movements in the nineteenth society had many evils prevailing in it like Sati (The practice that a woman will burn herself alive at the funeral pyre of her husband), female infanticide {Killing the girl child at birth(It was mainly practised because their parents thought that it was difficult to find difficult grooms for the girls and if found a huge dowry had to be paid to them)},polygamy , child marriage etc.


Color rendering index

Color rendering index (CRI) is a number rating given to light bulbs or lamps for how "right" they make colors look. This number is usually written on the side of the light bulb's box. The CRI number can be as high as 100, or as low as zero; and sometimes it can go under zero. A high CRI number is good; it means colors will look right and real. A low CRI number is bad; it means colors will look wrong and weird.

However, there is a limit to what a CRI number can say. A good CRI number can guarantee correct colors only when the light itself is white. This is because of limits on how scientists test them. Candles and incandescent light bulbs have CRI 100 but they are not white, so we cannot rely on them to make stuff show real colors.

The CRI number of daylight at noon is 100, because this is the natural way people see colors. Good fluorescent tubes or LED lamps have a CRI 80 or more. Anything white with a CRI 80 or more is good enough for homes. The orange sodium vapor lamp has CRI lower than 0, so they are only used as streetlamps.


Kataragama temple

The Kataragamam temple (, ) complex dedicated to Skanda-Kumara is one of the few religious sites in Sri Lanka that is venerated by the majority Sinhala Buddhists, Hindu minority Sri Lankan Tamil people, Sri Lankan Moors and the Vedda people. It is a collection of modest shrines, of which the one dedicated to Skanda-Kumara, is the most important.

It has been considered hallowed ground since almost three hundred years before the birth of Christ, and is one of the sixteen places said to have been consecrated by Gautama Buddha as he meditated. It was built approximately between 1100 - 15th century 

Legend has it that this happened during the Buddha's third visit to Sri Lanka, during the reign of the provincial King Mahasena in the sixth century BC.
Kataragama is sacred to Lord Murugan, also familiarly known as Kartikeya. Lord Muruga has many shrines and places of worship. Among them are Alaivai, now known as Tiruchendur, a shrine on the southern coast of India about 36 miles from Tinnevelly; Avinankudi, now called as Palani Malai (Palani Hills), about the same distance from Dindigul; and Tiru-Erakam, now known as Swamimalai, a hill about four miles from Kumbakonam. Three of the shrines are situated amid mountains and forests, the deity is known as the God of the mountaneous regions.

Muruga is worshipped as a deity whom embodies the pure Hindu ideal of God being in all things and manifesting himself wherever he is called to with love.There are many stories about Murugan, or Skanda-Kumara as He is more commonly known there. Skanda-Kumara's place of worship is held dear by many Sri Lankans who consider the Kataragama complex and its temples holy and make annual pilgrimages there.

But perhaps the most unique feature of Kataragama, and what makes it really stand out is its relative unassumingness. Almost all its shrines are unremarkable minor buildings free of any embellishment. There is absolutely no representation of deities decorating the exterior of the buildings.

This is in marked contrast to any other Hindu temple in Sri Lanka or India, that are usually covered with carvings and statues of gods and goddesses in colourful scene. Practically all the shrines are made out of stone with the exception of one dedicated to the Goddess Valli which has been constructed with timber.

Almost 2500 years later, Kataragama still holds a special place in the heart of devotees of Lord Muruga

Quaestor

A (, ) was a public official in Ancient Rome. A quaestor did different jobs at different times in Roman history. In the Roman Kingdom, quaestors were appointed by the king to investigate murders. In the Roman Republic, quaestors supervised the state treasury and conducted audits. It was the lowest ranking position in the public service. Because of this many people wanting to become politicians became quaestors as a first step in their career. In the Roman Empire, quaestors were at first relaced by the "" (prefect). Later quaestors became a position appointed by the emperor to lead the imperial council and deal with petitioners.

In modern Italy and Romania, a quaestor is a senior ranking officer on the police force. In some organizations, a quaestor is in charge of the finances, similar to a treasurer in other organizations.

Moscow Oblast

Moscow Oblast (Russian: Моско́вская о́бласть, "Moskovskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia. It is located in western Russia, and it completely surrounds Moscow. The oblast has no capital, and oblast officials reside in Moscow or in other cities within the oblast. As of 2015, the oblast has a population of 7,231,068 people.

Balashikha is the biggest city in the oblast, with a population of 215,494 people in 2010.

The oblast is located in the central part of the East European Plain.
The largest rivers are Oka, Moskva and Klyazma.

In 1708 Moscow governorate became one of the 8 first ones in Russia.

In 1929 was established Central Industrial Oblast, in little time renamed in Moscow Oblast.

The Battle of Moscow was fought in the oblast.

According to the 2010 census, the ethnic composition is:
Below is the religious composition of the city:


The largest cities are:


FC Spartak Vladikavkaz

Football Club Spartak Vladikavkaz (Russian: Футбольный клуб «Спартак» Владикавказ, "Futbol'nyy klub «Spartak» Vladikavkaz") is a football club based in Vladikavkaz. The club was founded in 1921, and won their first league title in the 1995 Russian Top League.



Water taxi

A water taxi (also known as a water bus or sightseeing boat,) is a watercraft used to provide public or private transport in an urban area. A water taxi might make multiple stops, similar to a bus, or to on-demand locations, similar to a taxi. A boat service going between two points would normally be called a ferry rather than a water bus or taxi.

Daniil Granin

Daniil Alexandrovich Granin () (1 January 1919 – 4 July 2017), original family name German (),
was an author born in the former Soviet Union. Granin started writing in the 1930s. Granin served as a board member of the Leningrad Union of Writers, and he was a winner of many medals and honors including the State Prize for Literature in 1978 and Hero of Socialist Labor 1989.

Chris Roberts (singer)

Chris Roberts (Christian Klusáček; March 13, 1946 – July 2, 2017) was a German Schlager singer and actor. He was married to the singer and actress Claudia Roberts. They often performed on stage together. He was born in Munich.

Roberts represented Luxembourg as a part of a sextet in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985 in which they sang "Children, Kinder, Enfants". They got 37 points and came 13th place overall.

The first two singles "Baby's gone" and "Welchen Weg soll ich gehen (One more mountain to climb)" were released with his artist name Chris Robert.

Roberts died in Berlin of pancreatic cancer on July 2, 2017 at the age of 71.

Jack Collom

John Aldridge "Jack" Collom (November 8, 1931 – July 2, 2017) was an American poet, essayist, and pedagogue. His twenty-five books include "Red Car Goes By: Selected Poems 1955-2000," "Situation Sings" (with Lyn Hejinian), and "Second Nature", which won the 2013 Colorado Book Award for Poetry. 

In the field of education and pedagogy, he made unique contributions in the subjects of eco-literature, ecopoetics, and creative writing instruction for children.

Collon died in Boulder, Colorado from respiratory failure caused by lung cancer on July 2, 2017, aged 85.



Adriano Galliani

Adriano Galliani (born 30 July 1944) is an Italian entrepreneur and football executive. He served as Deputy vice-chairman and CEO of AC Milan since 1986. During his tenure, Milan have won five European Cup / UEFA Champions League and eight Serie A titles among other achievements.

In 2011, Galliani was inducted into the Italian Football Hall of Fame.


Amala Shankar

Amala Shankar (; 27 June 1919 – July 24, 2020) was an Indian ballerina, actress and artist. She is the wife of Uday Shankar and mother of Ananda Shankar and Mamata Shankar and sister-in-law of Ravi Shankar. Shankar acted in the movie Kalpana directed by Uday Shankar.

Shankar acted in the movie "Kalpana" (1948). The movie was directed by Uday Shankar. Amala played the character of Uma. Amala Shankar attended 2012 Cannes Film Festival where the movie was screened.

Shankar died in Kolkata on July 24, 2020 at the age of 101.

West Ruislip tube station

West Ruislip is a station located on Ickenham Road between Ickenham and Ruislip in the London Borough of Hillingdon in Greater London formerly in Middlesex; it is served by both London Underground (LU) and National Rail trains on independent platforms. It is the western terminus of the LU Central line's West Ruislip branch, with Ruislip Gardens as the next Underground station towards central London. The Central line and Chiltern Railways platforms and ticket office hall are managed by LU. The closest station on the Metropolitan line and Piccadilly line is Ickenham which is 1.1 km from West Ruislip Station.

West Ruislip station is aligned approximately east-west with the main station buildings on the road overbridge across the lines at the western end of the station. The station has four platforms; two each for London Underground and National Rail services. The London Underground tracks are south of the National Rail ones and operate from an island platform whilst the National Rail platforms are outside of their tracks. The National Rail platforms are also served by a separate station building north of the tracks and adjacent to the car park. In a legacy of the original scheme to continue the extension to Denham, the Central line tracks continue for a short distance beyond the station before ending at buffers. The intended alignment of the unbuilt tracks can be seen from the width of the unused railway land south of the existing tracks.

The Central line's Ruislip depot is east of West Ruislip station, and has a connection via a shunting neck to the Network Rail westbound track west of the station to allow rolling stock and material deliveries. The depot also has a connection to the Uxbridge branch tracks of the Metropolitan and Piccadilly Lines which pass under the Central line east of West Ruislip; it is used only for empty stock movements and works train access. Two sidings west of the station to the north of the running lines provide layover facilities for works trains.

There are ticket barriers at the main entrance to the station; these control access to the Central line platforms from the public highway and from the pedestrian walkway linking the car park to the station. The Chiltern platforms can be reached from the car park walkway without tickets, as no ticket barriers are installed to control access

2017 Latvian local elections

Local elections in Latvia were held on 3 June 2017. All 119 municipal councils of the country took part in the elections.

A number of deputies in the council depends on the amount of population in the territory: the bigger the population in the territory is, the more deputies work in the council. The number of deputies can be 9, 13, 15, 17 or 19. The only exclusion is the council of Riga, which is the capital of Latvia. Riga is by far bigger than any other city of Latvia, so its municipal council consists of 60 deputies.

Citizens of Latvia and other countries of the European Union who are over 18 years old have the right to vote in the local elections. In order to vote citizens of other EU countries have to register in the Population Register of Latvia at least 90 days before the election date. Voters take part in the local elections in the territory where they live or where they have real estate. Registration of voters is automatic. People are automatically registered for the local elections on a certain polling station according to the place where they live. However, no later than 18 days before the elections people can change their polling station to any other polling station in the territories where they live or have real estate.

On the election day polling stations work from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Three days prior to the election date early voting is possible: polling stations are usually opened for several hours during these days.

599 lists of candidates were registered to participate in the local elections throughout the country. The number of candidates willing to become deputies was 8945. 465 lists were nominated by political parties individually, 31 lists by coalitions of political parties and 103 lists by unions of voters. 77.46% of all candidates were ethnic Latvians, 3.90% ethnic Russians, 0.48% ethnic Poles, 1.37% all others. 16.99% of candidates refused to state their ethnic identity.

11.6% of all voters, which equals 167 thousand people, took part in the early voting from 31 May to 2 June. The total turnout of the local elections was 50.41% or 727839 people.

The following map shows the results of the local elections in different territories of Latvia. The colour, which each territory has, indicates the party, which received the majority of votes in this territory.
The results of local elections in two biggest Latvian cities (Riga and Daugavpils) are given below.

The coalition of Social Democratic Party "Harmony" and party "Proud to serve Riga" ruled Riga before the elections. The representative of "Harmony" Nils Ušakovs was the mayor of the city and the head of the city council. All other parties which took part in the elections agreed to work together to dismiss Ušakovs form the post of mayor.

According to the elections results the coalition of "Harmony" and party "Proud to serve Riga" lost several deputies in the council but received the majority of 32 places out of 60. On 22 June 2017 Nils Ušakovs was reelected as the head of the city council.
Elections in the council of Riga
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Deputies
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Change

Before the elections, the representative of the Latgalian party Jānis Lāčplēsis was the mayor of the city and the head of the city council. He was elected to these posts unanimously (with no deputy voted against) in 2013 after local elections of that year.

According to the elections results the Latgalian party increased the number of its deputies in the council, however, did not receive the majority. At the same time, its rivals Social Democratic Party "Harmony" and "Our party" concluded a coalition agreement. On 26 June 2017 Andrejs Elksniņš from "Harmony" was elected as the mayor and the head of the city council while the leader of "Our party" Rihards Eigims became vice-mayor and the deputy head of the city council.

So the Social Democratic Party "Harmony" became the ruling force in municipal councils of two biggest cities in Latvia.

! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Deputies
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Change

List of places in Kent

The following is a list of cities, towns and villages in the county of Kent, England, by letter: 

Acol, Acrise Place, Acrise, Addington, Adisham, Aldington, Alkham, Allhallows, Allington, Appledore, Arpinge, Ash, Ash, Ashbank, Ashford, Ashley, Ashurst, Aylesford, Aylesham,

Badgers Mount, Badlesmere, Bapchild, Barfrestone, Barham, Barming, Barnsole, Beachborough, Bean, Bearsted, Bedmonton, Bekesbourne, Beltinge, Beltring, Benenden, Benover, Bessels Green, Bethersden, Betsham, Betteshanger, Beult, Bexon, Bicknor, Bidborough, Biddenden, Bilsington, Bilting, Birchington-on-Sea, Birling, Bishopsbourne, Bladbean, Blean, Blue Bell Hill, Bobbing, Bonnington, Borden, Borough Green, Borstal, Bough Beech, Boughton Aluph, Boughton Green, Boughton Lees, Boughton Malherbe, Boughton Monchelsea, Boughton Street, Boughton under Blean, Boxley, Brabourne Lees, Brabourne, Bramling, Brasted Chart, Brasted, Breach, Bredgar, Bredhurst, Brenchley, Brenzett, Bridge, Broad Oak, Broadstairs, Brogdale, Bromley Green, Brompton, Brook, Brookland, Brooks End, Broomfield, Broomfield, Buckland, Burham, Burmarsh,

Canterbury, Capel (including Somerhill), Capel-le-Ferne, Caring, Chainhurst, Chalk, Challock, Charing, Chart Sutton, Chartham, Chartwell, Chatham, Chattenden, Cheeseman's Green, Chegworth, Cheriton, Chestfield, Chestnut Street, Chevening, Chiddingstone Causeway, Chiddingstone, Chilham, Chillenden, Chilmington Green, Chipstead, Chislet, Church Whitfield, Cliffe Woods, Cliffe, Cliffsend, Cliftonville, Cobham, Coldred, Collier Street, Colliers Green, Conyer, Cooling, Coombe, Conyer, Coursehorn, Cowden, Coxheath, Cranbrook, Crockenhill, Crockham Hill, Crundale, Culverden Down, Culverstone Green, Curtisden Green, Cuxton,

Danton Pinch, Darenth, Dargate, Dartford, Davington, Deal, Denstroude, Denton, Detling, Ditton, Doddington, Dode, Dover, Downswood, Drellingore, Dungeness, Dunkirk, Dunton Green, Dymchurch,

East Barming, East Farleigh, East Langdon, Larkfield, East Malling, East Peckham, East Studdal, East Sutton, Eastchurch, Eastling, Eastry, Eastwell, Ebbsfleet, Ebony, Eccles, Eddington, Edenbridge, Egerton, Elham, Elmley, Elmstone, Elvington, Etchinghill, Ewell Minnis, Eynsford, Eythorne,

Fairbourne, Farningham, Farthingloe, Faversham Without, Faversham, Fawkham Green, Fawkham, Finberry, Finglesham, Five Oak Green, Flete, Folkestone, Fordcombe, Fordwich, Four Elms, Frindsbury Extra, Frindsbury, Frinsted, Frittenden, Frogham, Frogholt,

Garlinge, Gillingham, Godden Green, Godinton, Godmersham, Golden Green, Goodnestone, Goodnestone, Goudhurst, Graveney, Gravesend, Great Chart, Great Mongeham, Greatstone, Greenhill, Greenhithe, Groombridge, Grove Green, Guston,

Hackington, Hacklinge, Hadlow, Hales Place, Halfway Houses, Halling, Halstead, Ham, Hamstreet, Harbledown, Harrietsham, Hartley, Hartley, Hartlip, Harty, Harvel, Hastingleigh, Hawkenbury, Hawkenbury, Hawkhurst, Hawkinge, Hawley, Hawthorn, Headcorn, Heart's Delight, Hempstead, Herne Bay, Herne, Hernhill, Hersden, Hever, Hextable, High Brooms, High Halden, High Halstow, Higham, Highsted, Hildenborough, Hillborough, Hinxhill, Hoaden, Hoath, Hodsoll Street, Hollingbourne, Hoo St Werburgh, Hook Green, Horden, Horsmonden, Horton Kirby, Hothfield, Hougham, Hucking, Hunton, Hythe,

Ickham, Ide Hill, Ightham, Ivy Hatch, Isle of Grain, Istead Rise, Ivychurch, Iwade,

Kearsney, Kemsing, Kemsley, Kenardington, Kennington, Keycol, Kilndown, Kings Hill, Kingsdown, Kingsnorth, Kingston, Kingswood, Kit's Coty, Knockholt, Knowlton,

Lade, Ladingford, Lamberhurst, Langdon, Langley, Langton Green, Leaveland, Leeds, Leigh Green, Leigh, Lenham, Leybourne, Leysdown-on-Sea, Linton, Little Chart, Little Mongeham, Littlebourne, Littlestone-on-Sea, Longfield, Loose, Lordswood, Lower Halstow, Lower Hardres, Luddenham, Luddesdown , Lydd-on-Sea, Lydd, Lydden, Lyminge, Lympne, Lynsted,

Maidstone, Manston, Marden, Margate, Markbeech, Marley, Marley, Marsh Green, Marshborough, Marshside, Martin Mill, Martin, Matfield, Maxton, Meopham Green, Meopham, Mereworth, Mersham, Milebush, Milstead, Milton Regis, Minster, Minster, Mockbeggar, Molash, Monkton, Murston,

Nackington, Nettlestead Green, Nettlestead, New Ash Green, New Barn, New Romney, Newbarn, Newchurch, Newenden, Newingreen, Newington, Newington, Newington, Newnham, Newtown, Nonington, North Street, Northbourne, Northfleet Green, Northfleet, Norton Ash, Buckland, Norton,

Oad Street, Oare, Offham, Olantigh, Old Hawkinge, Old Romney, Orlestone, Ospringe, Otford, Otham, Otterden, Ottinge, Oversland,

Paddlesworth, Paddock Wood, Painters Ash, Painters Forstal, Palm Bay, Park, Park Farm, Park Wood, Park Wood, Patrixbourne, Pedlinge, Peene, Pembury, Penenden Heath, Penshurst , Petham, Pett Bottom, Pineham, Platt, Platts Heath, Plaxtol, Pluckley Thorne, Pluckley, Plucks Gutter, Pollhill, Postling, Preston,

Queenborough,

Rainham Mark, Rainham, Ramsgate, Reading Street, Reading Street, Reculver, Rhodes Minnis, Richborough, Ridley, Ringlestone (suburb), Ringlestone (hamlet), Ringwould, Ripple, River, Riverhead, Rochester, Rodmersham Green, Rolvenden Layne, Rolvenden, Rough Common, Royal Tunbridge Wells, Ruckinge, Rushenden, Rusthall, Ryarsh,

Saltwood, Sandgate, Sandhurst, Sandling, Sandway, Sandwich, Sarre, Seal Chart, Seal (including Stone Street), Sellindge, Selling, Sevenoaks Weald, Sevenoaks, Sevenscore, Sevington, Shadoxhurst, Shatterling, Sheerness, Sheldwich, Shellness, Shepherdswell, Shepway, Shipbourne, Shirkoak, Sholden, Shoreham, Shorne, Singleton, Singlewell, Sissinghurst, Sittingbourne, Small Hythe, Smarden, Smeeth, Snargate, Snave, Snodland, Snowdown, Sole Street, South Darenth, Southborough, Southfleet, Speldhurst, Springhead, St Margaret's at Cliffe, St Mary Hoo, St Mary in the Marsh, St Mary's Bay, St Mary's Island, St Mary's Platt, St Michaels, St Nicholas-at-Wade, St Peter's, Stalisfield, Stanford, Stanhope, Stansted, Staple, Staplehurst, Stelling Minnis, Stockbury, Stoke, Stone Chapel, Stone Cross, Stone in Oxney, Stone, Stonebridge Green, Stourmouth, Strood, Stubbs Cross, Stuppington, Sturry, Sundridge, Sutton Valence, Sutton, Sutton-at-Hone, Swale, Swalecliffe, Swanley Village, Swanley, Swanscombe, SwattendenSwingate,

Tankerton, Temple Ewell, Temple Hill, Tenterden, Teston, Teynham, Thanet, Thanington Without, Thong, Throwley, Thurnham, Tilmanstone, Tonbridge, Tonge, Tovil, Toys Hill, Trottiscliffe, Tunbridge Wells, Tunstall, Twydall, Tyler Hill,

Ulcombe, Underriver, Upchurch, Uplees, Upnor, Upper Harbledown, Upper Hardres, Upstreet,

Vigo,

Wainscott, Waldershare, Walderslade, Walmer, Waltham, Warden, Ware, Warehorne, Waterham, Wateringbury, Weavering, Well Hill, West Brabourne, West Farleigh, West Hythe, West Kingsdown, West Langdon, West Malling, West Peckham, West Studdal, Westbere, Westbrook, Westcliffe, Westenhanger, Westerham, Westgate-on-Sea, Westmarsh, Westwell Leacon, Westwell, Westwood, Whitehill, Whitfield, Whitstable, Wickhambreaux, Wigmore, Willesborough, Wilmington, Wincheap, Wingham, Wingmore, Wittersham, Womenswold, Woodchurch, Woodnesborough, Woolage Green, Woolage Village, Wootton, Wormshill, Worth, Wouldham, Wrotham Heath, Wrotham, Wye,

Yalding, Yorkletts,

ME postcode area

The ME postcode area, also known as the Rochester postcode area, is a group of twenty postcode districts around Medway in Kent, England, the letters in the postcode are derived from. The area is divided into eleven post towns and extends into the districts of Tonbridge and Malling, Swale, Gravesham and Maidstone, as well as all of Medway.

The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:



List of postcode areas in the United Kingdom

The United Kingdom is divided by Royal Mail into postcode areas. The postcode area is the largest geographical unit used and forms the first characters of the alphanumeric UK postcode.

Each postcode area is divided into post towns and postcode districts. The London post town is instead divided into several postcode areas.

The single or pair of letters chosen for postcode areas are generally a mnemonic for the places served.

The Crown dependencies (which are not part of the United Kingdom) did not introduce postcodes until later, but use a similar coding scheme. They are separate postal authorities.

Glasgow, like London, was divided into compass districts: C, W, NW, N, E, SE, S, SW. When postcodes were introduced, these were mapped into the new "G" postcode: C1 became G1, W1 became G11, N1 became G21, E1 became G31, S1 became G41, SW1 became G51, and so on. As NW and SE had never been subdivided they became G20 and G40 respectively.

Norwich and Croydon were used for a postcode experiment in the late 1960s, which was replaced by the current system. The format was of the form NOR or CRO followed by two numbers and a letter, e.g. NOR 07A.

GIR 0AA is a postcode created for Girobank in Bootle.

The BF postcode area was introduced in 2012 to provide optional postcodes for British Forces Post Office addresses, for consistency with the layout of other UK addresses. It uses the national non-geographic post town "BFPO" and, as of 2012, the postcode district "BF1".

The non-geographic postcode area BX has been introduced for addresses which do not include a locality: this allows large organisations flexibility as to where they receive their mail.

Certain British overseas territories have postcodes:

These were introduced to prevent mail being sent to the wrong place, e.g., for St Helena to St Helens, Merseyside and Ascension Island to Asunción, Paraguay, and many on-line companies will not accept addresses lacking a postcode. Such mail is treated as international, not inland, so sufficient postage must be used.



Rudy Rotta

Rudy Rotta (14 October 1950 – 3 July 2017) was an Italian blues guitarist.

Rotta was born in Villadossola, Italy, but was raised in Lucerne, Switzerland where his family emigrated. He began his career in Switzerland at the age of 14, but eventually returned to Verona. 

Over his career, he played with a number of well-known blues artists including Brian Auger, John Mayall, Robben Ford and Peter Green. 

Rotta died on 3 July 2017 in Verona from pancreatic cancer, aged 66.

Gene Conley

Donald Eugene "Gene" Conley (November 10, 1930 – July 4, 2017) was a Major League Baseball pitcher and basketball player of the NBA. He was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma.

Conley played 11 seasons from 1952 to 1963 for four different teams. Conley also played forward in the 1952–53 NBA season and from 1958 to 1964 for two teams in the National Basketball Association. 

He was best known for being one of only two people (the other being Otto Graham–1946 NBL and AAFC Championship, plus three more AAFC and three NFL championships) to win championships in two of the four major American sports, one with the Milwaukee Braves in the 1957 World Series and three Boston Celtics championships from 1959–61.

Conley died in Foxborough, Massachusetts on July 4, 2017 at the age of 86.


Joachim Meisner

Joachim Meisner (25 December 1933 – 5 July 2017) was a German Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was born in Breslau, Germany (modern Wrocław, Poland).

Meisner was the immediate past Archbishop of Cologne, serving from 1989 until his resignation was accepted by Pope Francis in 2014. He previously served as Bishop of Berlin from 1980 to 1989, and was created a cardinal in 1983. He was widely considered to be Germany's leading conservative Roman Catholic figure.

Meisner died on 5 July 2017 while vacationing in Bad Füssing in Bavaria of cardiac arrest, aged 83.

Jens Christian Skou

Jens Christian Skou (; October 8, 1918 – May 28, 2018) was a Danish medical doctor and Nobel laureate. He was born in Lemvig, Denmark. In 1997, he received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry (together with Paul D. Boyer and John E. Walker) for his discovery of Na,K-ATPase.

Skou died on 28 May 2018 in Aarhus, Denmark at the age of 99, five months short of his 100th birthday.


Strood railway station

Strood railway station is a railway station in Strood in Kent. The station is on the North Kent Line.

Rochester railway station

Rochester railway station is a railway station in Rochester in Kent. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Chatham railway station

Chatham railway station is a railway station in Chatham in Kent. The station is roughly a 10 to 15 minute walk to/from the Pentagon Shopping Centre and the high street.

John Rodriguez

John R. Rodriguez (February 12, 1937 – July 5, 2017) was a Guyanaese-born Canadian politician. He was born in Georgetown, Guyana. He served as the mayor of Greater Sudbury, Ontario from 2006 to 2010, and previously represented the electoral district of Nickel Belt in the Canadian House of Commons from 1972 to 1980 and from 1984 to 1993 as a member of the New Democratic Party.

Rodriguez died on July 5, 2017 in Greater Sudbury, Ontario of heart failure at the age of 80.


Choi Eun-hee

Choi Eun-hee (November 20, 1926 – April 16, 2018) was a South Korean actress. She began her movie career in 1947 in the movie "A New Oath". For the next 20 years, she was one of the biggest stars in Korean movies and led the Shin Film company along with her husband, the director Shin Sang-ok. She was born in Gwangju, Gyeonggi.

According to the Internet Movie Database, from 1955 to 1985, Choi appeared in eighty-one movies. She received the award for best actress at the 14th Moscow International Film Festival in 1985, for her part in the movie "Sogum".

In 1978, Choi and Shin, whom she had recently divorced due to Shin having committed adultery, were kidnapped in Hong Kong to North Korea by order of Kim Jong-il. Kim's plan was to have Shin work as his propagandist and for Choi to be the star. Shortly after agreeing to the demands of Kim, they were remarried at his recommendation. The couple finally staged their escape in 1986 while on a trip to Vienna, fleeing to the United States embassy and requesting political asylum.

Choi died on April 16, 2018 in Seoul, South Korea of kidney failure at the age of 91.


2019 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (also called AFCON 2019 and CAN 2019) was the 32nd edition of the Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The tournament to be hosted by Cameroon, but on January 9th CAF changed the host. Egypt was the host of this tournament. It was held from 21 June to 19 July 2019.

Because they withdrew from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification, Chad is banned from the tournament.

The following teams qualified for the tournament:

The draw took place on the 19th of October 2016 in Libreville.

2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group J

Group J of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Egypt, Niger, Swaziland and Tunisia.


2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group D

Group D of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Algeria, Benin, Gambia and Togo.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>




2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group E

Group E of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Nigeria, South Africa, Libya, and Seychelles.


Manyogana

Man'yōgana is the oldest known sound-based writing system used for the Japanese language. When kanji, or Chinese characters used to write Japanese, first came to Japan in around the 4th century AD through the Korean Peninsula, it was only used to write the Chinese language. Even though Chinese was not native to the Japanese people, classical Chinese writings were nonetheless studied heavily by upper-class Japanese. Some time later, although the exact time is unknown, Chinese characters, which came be known as kanji in Japan, was being used to write the Japanese language for the first time in roughly the 6th century AD, although it had a heavy Chinese influence.

Figuring out how to write the Chinese character system to correctly fit the Japanese language was quite a difficult task, since there were such big differences between Chinese and Japanese. For example, Chinese has an SVO (subject-verb-object) word order (i.e. I eat sushi), while Japanese has an SOV word order (i.e. I sushi eat). Also, while Chinese morphemes, or the smallest meaningful part of a word, are usually monosyllabic, or having just one syllable, Japanese words often were polysyllabic, or having two or more syllables. Examples of this include 山, 魚, 中, 国, 人, 多, 速 and 見. In Mandarin Chinese, the most spoken Chinese dialect in the world, these morphemes are pronounced "shān, yú, zhōng," "guó, rén, duō, sù" and "kàn" in that order, all of which are just one syllable. In the native Japanese pronunciation, however, these morphemes are pronounced "yama, sakana, naka, kuni, hito, oo, haya" and "mi(ru)". What makes all this more complicated is that the last three kanji are almost never written by themselves in Japanese, if at all, since they are usually used in adjectives, verbs, and adverbs. 

Writing characters by themselves is often okay in Chinese, since Chinese is an analytic language, or a language where grammar is structured by word order, but Japanese is highly inflectional, meaning that grammar is structured by word endings. For that reason, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs almost always have at least two morphemes, the first being the derivational morpheme, or the part of the word with the root meaning, and the second and others after it are called inflectional morphemes, or parts of the word added to show a word's grammar. For example, a word that uses the character 見 is 見る "mi(ru)," where the first morpheme, the kanji being 見 and its pronunciation being "mi," has the root meaning ""see"," the second syllable "ru" shows that the word is a verb, making it into the word ""to see"." The adjective 多い "oo(i)" is made up of the morpheme 多 "oo", meaning ""many"", and the morpheme い "i," showing that the word is an adjective. The last examples are the two words 速い "haya(i)" and 速く "haya(ku)." While the first morpheme in both words are the two syllables 速 "haya," meaning ""fast"," the い "i　"in 速い makes the word into an adjective while the く "ku" in 速く "hayaku" turns the word into an adverb, thus the word becomes ""quickly"".

Due to the many differences that existed between Chinese and Japanese, the Chinese character system had to be changed to fit spoken Japanese, if it were to be understood by native Japanese speakers. The first solution the Japanese came up with was to use Chinese characters for their pronunciation and not for the meaning of the word. These were called man'yōgana, which was named after the Man'yōshu, a collection of Japanese poems that wrote Japanese using the man'yōgana. While Chinese characters used for their meaning became known as kanji, the Chinese characters being used only for pronunciation became known as man'yōgana. Man'yōgana consisted of roughly 970 Chinese characters that could be used to represent roughly the roughly 90 different morae used in the Japanese language. 

For example, while the character 山 means ""mountain"" in Japanese, the character itself was usually used only for Chinese loanwords, or words borrowed from the Chinese language, such as 富士山 "Fuji-san", meaning ""Mt. Fuji”，"火山"kazan," meaning ""volcano”，"and 山村 "sanson", meaning ""mountain village"." Words borrowed from the Chinese language would use on'yomi (in Japanese, the on'yomi for やま is "san", "zan, sen," or "zen"), or pronunciations borrowed from Chinese, instead of kun'yomi, or native Japanese pronunciations. During the early days of Japanese writing, native Japanese words were largely written using man'yōgana instead of kanji. For example, while the kanji for ""mountain"" is 山, and the kun'yomi for the word is "yama", the native Japanese word would be written as 耶麻, 八馬, 矢間, 也麻, etc. to distinguish it from being a Chinese loanword, or "kango".

While a modern Japanese sentence could be written like this: 私はすしを食べます "Watashi-wa sushi-o tabemasu" (meaning: I eat sushi), the same sentence written entirely in man'yōgana could be written as 和多氏巴寿司鳥他邊麻須, giving it a more Chinese look. Or, if someone wanted to keep all the kanji the same but replace all the modern kana, the sentence would look like this 私巴寿司鳥食邊麻須.

Although man'yōgana gave the Japanese a means to represent spoken Japanese on paper, sentences written in man'yōgana were quite difficult to read. Since Chinese characters were used for both representing the meaning of words and pronunciation, a lot of confusion could happen when a native Japanese speaker would read something written in both kanji and man'yōgana. The above examples in man'yōgana would be difficult for even a native Japanese speaker to read, especially for a modern Japanese person. On top of all that, writing everything down quickly was nearly impossible, since an entire Chinese character was needed to write down a simple Japanese syllable, some of which could have been written by up to 30 strokes of a pen.

In order to write faster, use fewer written characters, and read more easily, Japanese writers created simpler kana, or written characters to represent Japanese syllables. Buddhist monks created katakana by only using pieces of kanji so that they could write down spoken teachings more quickly. Upper-class women would use the kanji they knew and wrote cursive forms of these kanji. These became known as hiragana. While they were created separately, they later replaced man'yōgana as the main sound-based writing systems. While most sound-based writing today uses hiragana and katakana, man'yōgana is still used to write some modern Japanese words. 

These examples are called ateji. Some examples include 寿司 sushi, 亜細亜 "Ajia" (Asia)、亜米利加 "Amerika" (America)、仏蘭西 "Furansu" (France)、阿弗利加 "Afurika" (Africa)、沢山 "takusan" and 珈琲 "kōhī" (coffee)。

Sometimes, like in the case of 仏蘭西, these are the old spellings of the names of places before the Japanese decided to represent all non-Chinese loanwords with katanana. Other times, the ateji is used since the Chinese characters are more well-known in different countries than the hiragana and the katana, an example being that the Chinese can recognize 寿司, since both characters also exist in Chinese, rather than すし, since neither character exists in Chinese. While the Chinese characters for "coffee" is 咖啡, the Japanese 珈琲 is close enough that Chinese could figure it out with a little guesswork.

Knut Hamsun

Knut Hamsun (August 4, 1859 – February 19, 1952) was a Norwegian author and winner of the Nobel Prize in literature, in 1920.

An obituary he wrote for Adolf Hitler was published on 7 May 1945 in Aftenposten (a newspaper).

He married Marie Hamsun. Their children include Tore Hamsun.

In 1978, Gabriel Langfeldt released a book that listed the entire [written] statement of the court-appointed [medical] experts, from Hamsun's trial; spokesman for the Hamsun family - Leif Hamsun (a grandchild of Knut Hamsun) - said that after Langfeldt revealed my grandparents [privileged interviews with court-appointed experts], there is little that is private anymore.

Hamsun voluntarily went to psychoanalysis during 1926 to 1928; the psychoanalyst made notes.

Notes from the psychoanalysis of Hamsun, were published in 2017; the photocopied notes were from [Hamsun's appointments] with his psychoanalyst; photocopied notes were part of [a work of] art that was published in Vagant [a magazine].


Nobel Prize-winning writer Isaac Bashevis Singer translated some of his works.

Shanghainese food

Shanghainese food is the traditional food of Shanghai, China. It is a kind of Chinese food. Examples are xiaolongbao, spiced broad beans, and hairy crabs.

A xiaolongbao is a small kind of dumpling. It is made of a flour skin wrapped around a ball of pork, crabmeat, shrimp, or bok choy and other vegetables. It is steamed in a small basket called a "xiaolong", which gives the dumpling its name. The steam and meat together create some soup inside the dumpling. It was first made in Nanxiang in northwestern Shanghai, but the man who made it first later moved his shop to Yu Garden to get more business.

Wontons are a kind of dumpling with a meat center inside a thin skin that is made of flour, egg, water, and salt. The Shanghainese kinds come in two sizes, "small" and "big". The small wontons are wrapped loosely by hand and eaten for breakfast. The big wontons are wrapped carefully and eaten for lunch or dinner. Both kinds are often filled with minced pork and bok choy and served in chicken soup, but restaurants sometimes have as many as 50 different fillings. A well-known special kind is "Three-Freshness Soup" "sānxiān tāng"), made with pork, shrimp, and fish.

Hongshao pork is made of pork and a special sauce made of soy sauce, flour, and sugar.

Hongshao snakefish is cooked the same way, but usually with more spring onions.
"White cut chicken" (白斬雞, 白斩鸡, "báizhǎnjī") is chicken that is soaked in salt water, poached for about 30 minutes, chilled, and then cut into strips. People usually think of it as a Cantonese food but Shanghai has its own kind, eaten with a soy ginger sauce. It is usually eaten without the head, neck, or feet and locals prefer the dark meat in the thighs, legs, and back to the white meat in the breast, but all of them can be eaten at home or in restaurants.

The Shanghainese kind of white cut chicken prefers "triple yellow" chickens with yellow beaks, skin, and feet. It is closely tied to the Xiao Shaoxing Restaurant (小紹興, 小绍兴, "Xiǎoshàoxīng", "Little Shaoxing") on Yunnan Road near People's Square. Zhang Runniu was a 16-year-old boy who left his home in Shaoxing during the Second World War. He worked hard for a few years and then bought his own small shop in 1943. His kind of poached chicken became famous in the city: his restaurant remains open today and its favorite dish is copied in other restaurants and kitchens around the city. His yellow chickens are grown using a special set of food on farms in Pudong's Nanhui area. The dish can be so rare that blood still comes from the bones in the chicken after cooking and cooling. More people like the cool chicken during the hot summer, but many stayed away from it during the 2013 bird flu scare.

Shanghainese hairy crab "máoxiè") is a kind of mitten crab. It lives in rivers and lakes near Shanghai. The most famous place to get it is Yangcheng Lake near Suzhou. It is usually steamed and then cooked with huangjiu and soy sauce.

Youbao shrimp (, "yóubàoxiā") is a kind of fried shrimp. It uses a special sauce made of soy sauce, vinegar, scallions, salt, and black and red pepper. Its name comes from the loud popping noises that it makes when you cook it.

Spiced broad beans are made of beans flavored with aniseed and cinnamon. They are sweet. Nearly everyone knows them. It has a long history. A person named Zhang Acheng (張阿成) made this food sixty years ago.

Cold congee (糖粥) is a kind of congee (rice porridge) that is made of glutinous rice, red beans, and sugar. They are boiled together, then chilled to serve as a breakfast food.

Although people usually think of Shanghai as part of southern Chinese culture, Shanghainese tofu pudding follows the northern salty "tofu brains" ( "dòunǎo") and not the southern sweet "tofu flower" ( "dòuhuā") way of cooking it. It is made from an extra soft kind of tofu. In Shanghai, it is often eaten with soy sauce, shrimp, seaweed, or zhacai.

Doujiang is the older, watery kind of soy milk. It can be sweet, salty, or plain.

Some doujiang is always made when people make tofu, but Chinese people didn't start to like it until the 18th century. Raw doujiang has the same kinds of things in it that make people fart a lot when they eat too many beans. During the Qing, people found out that you could get rid of those things by cooking the doujiang for 90 minutes or so. After that, it became very popular. Some people sold it in the street, and others bought it fresh from tofu shops. By the Republic, Shanghai had 2 doujiang factories producing thousands of bottles a day.

Pear-syrup candy (梨膏糖, "lígāotáng") is a kind of candy made with pear syrup. Wei Zheng (魏征) is said to have first made it as a medicine for his mother's cough in the year 634 during the Tang Dynasty. Shanghainese pear-syrup candy began in three shops in the city's old walled city during the Qing Dynasty: Zhupinzhai (opened 1855), Yongshengtang (opened 1882), and Deshengtang (opened 1904). These shops joined together in 1956 to form the Shanghai Pear-Syrup Candy Food Factory (上海梨膏糖食品厂), which makes its candy at a factory in Pudong but still sells it from a store in the market around Shanghai's City God Temple. It remains a common souvenir for visitors to the city. Now, it is usually flavored with fruit or pinenuts, but it is also made with mint, ham, or rose. In traditional Chinese medicine, the candy is used for easing coughs and sore throats, reducing mucus, and increasing appetite.

Begonia cake "hǎitánggāo") is a Chinese pastry. It is made of dough filled with red bean paste and covered with preserved fruit pieces, sunflower and sesame seeds, and barley sugar. Stands in Qibao and at Yu Garden sometimes use lard or peanuts. It is baked in a mold shaped like the flower of the flowering crabapple tree. It is more popular with older Shanghainese than younger ones.

White Rabbit is a kind of soft milk candy first made in Shanghai. It is made from milk, sugar, and some chemicals that make it last longer. It was called "Mickey Mouse" candy when people first made it in 1943, but they changed it to "White Rabbit" later. It was cheap and became very popular. After China's melamine scandal, people in other countries stopped buying it until White Rabbit began to use milk from Australia and New Zealand instead of China.

Notes from the psychoanalysis of Knut Hamsun

During the psychoanalysis of Knut Hamsun, notes were made by his psychoanalyst, Johannes Irgens Strømme; sometimes the notes are referred to as the Strømme/Hamsun manuscript (Norwegian: Strømme/Hamsun-manuset).

Hamsun died in 1952 and copies of the notes were published in 2017; the publication is controversial (as of 2017).

The existence of the notes led to a race between a group related to [the community of persons who do] research [for a living,] and a group related to publishing.

Danish author Thorkild Hansen has said that the notes must certainly be viewed as [an] extremely important source.

Media sometimes refers to (as of May 2017,) the notes as "the classified notes".

The notes consist of 474 pages.

The notes were written in one version of shorthand, called Gabelsberger.

In 1925, Hamsun had writer's block, and "he could not write a sentence". To go to consultations, at a specialist of psychoanalysis [was a voluntary decision by Hamsun]; he went to Johannes Irgens Strømme() - who had been a student of Oskar Pfister()
- from 4 January 1926.

During a two year period, Hamsun made visits to Strømme; Hamsun would lie on a divan [or a couch-like sitting furniture] while being psychoanalyzed, and Strømme would sit (on a chair) behind Hamsun.

In 1926 the writer's block eased, and the year after he published the novel "Wayfarers";
He thanked the psychoanalyst "for the rest of Hamsun's life", for getting back his apetite for writing. 
During the Legal purge in Norway after World War II()
, Hamsun was examined by a court-appointed psychiatrist - without Hamsun giving permission for the examinations;
[part of the diagnosis ] of Hamsun said that he had [a permanent reduction of sanity ] "varig svekkede sjelsevner";
to disprove and discredit the diagnosis, Hamsun wrote "On Overgrown Paths"() (published in 1949);
The notes by psychoanalyst Strømme, were [years later] "left to" a friend (of the psychoanalyst) - Ørnulf Myklestad; this friend was also the publisher of works by the psychoanalyst;
On a document dated 1958, Myklestad wrote that he would not do anything while Hamsun's widow was alive;
the notes were put in safe deposit box (at a bank);
Out of the safe deposit box, the notes came in the autumn of 1978; 
The daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme had the shorthand notes, transferred to her.

The stenographied notes were [borrowed] by [publishing house] Gyldendal() for more than two months; Gyldendal returned the notes [together with a letter dated] 18 January 1979; "with the help of a stenographer employed by Norway's parliament", Gyldendal was able to interpret 30 pages of the shorthand notes, and Gyldendal transcribed those (in 1979); [in the letter, the female stenographer said that more] deciphering could be achieved - but it probably would take years and it would be expensive.

The interest in the notes regarding Hamsun, reached a climax [or top point] in 2001, when several groups [of people] wanted to use the notes.
A letter was sent - sometime before 2 April 2001 - from the national library, to the Ministry of Justice, regarding the library's [idea] to publicize the [notes regarding the] psychoanalysis ([that was] performed by Strømme); the notes were to be publicized together with comments from literary scientists and psychoanalysts; the project was to be led by Atle Kittang() - an expert (on research regarding Hamsun) and a professor of literature.
Media wrote about the letter; psychiatrist Sigmund Karterud() said (on 2 July) that psychiatrists [as a group] are shocked; However, the spokesman for the Hamsun family - Leif Hamsun (a grandchild of Knut Hamsun) - said that the project was not problematic.

At the same time, a major project was started by Gyldendal: Ingar Sletten Kolloen() was [expected] to write a significant biography about Hamsun;
a group of people were put together by Kolloen [to help him]: members of the group included literary scientists and experts of psychoanalysis; the group included psychiatrist Sigmund Karterud();
The national library cancelled plans to publish the psychoanalysis notes, media said on 23 September 2001; furthermore, Kolloen was granted access to the psychoanalysis notes, because of Gyldendal's plans for him to write a biography (about Hamsun); 
Notes from Hamsun's psychoanalyst, were published in 2017; the photocopied notes were from [Hamsun's appointments] with his psychoanalyst; the published notes were part of [a work of] art that was published in Vagant()
[a magazine].

The publication of the psychoanalyst's notes regarding Hamsun, is controversial (as of 2017).

In 2017 Morgenbladet() asked "Why at all, are the notes owned by the public".

The notes are deposited (as of 2017) at ["the national library" -] Nasjonalbiblioteket in Oslo, Norway;
they are part of a package, [that the national library calls] "manus 4°3565".

The "national library" (when it was called "Universitetsbiblioteket") received the notes, as a gift from the daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme.
In 1999 the daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme, permitted publication of the notes; previously she had put a clause in place that had prevented publication of the notes;
By 2003, no one seems to have discovered [and made use of the general availability of the notes].


Gillingham (Kent) railway station

Gillingham railway station is a railway station in Gillingham in Kent. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Rainham (Kent) railway station

Rainham railway station is a railway station in Rainham in Kent. The station is in walking distance from the Rainham shopping centre. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Gillingham railway station

Gillingham railway station may mean:


Rainham railway station

Rainham railway station may mean:


Rochester railway station (disambiguation)

Rochester railway station or Rochester station may mean:


Durchhausen

Durchhausen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Brusio

Brusio is a municipality in the district of Bernina in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Viano, Cavaione, Campocologno, Campascio, Miralago and Zalende


Mr. Trash Wheel

Mr. Trash Wheel also known as the Inner Harbor Trash Wheel, is a trash interceptor. It removes trash from the Inner Harbor in Baltimore, Maryland. It is powered by water and solar power. It moves through the water and sorts trash into a conveyor belt that empties it into a dumpster on the vessel.

Mr. Trash Wheel removes garbage from the Inner Harbor. The garbage comes from the streets flowing into the water, particularly during storms. Usually the current from the Jones Falls river powers the wheel's movement. When the stream is slow it is powered by solar panels.

Buchs, St. Gallen

Buchs is a small city in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


B&amp;Q

B&Q plc is a British DIY and home improvement retailing company in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Eastleigh, Hampshire, England. It is owned by Kingfisher plc.

It was founded in 1969 by Richard Block and David Quayle as Block & Quayle.

As of July 2017, B&Q has 300 shops in the United Kingdom. 

Since 2015, B&Q have been closing a number of stores, and converting some to outlets of Screwfix. The company also has some outlets in Ireland. Stores in Taiwan and China were unsuccessful, and closed down in 2007 and 2015.

Buseno

Buseno is a municipality in the district Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

Pierre Henry

Pierre Henry (9 December 1927 – 5 July 2017) was a French composer. He was considered a pioneer of the musique concrète genre of electronic music. He was born in Paris. Among Henry's works is the 1967 ballet "Messe pour le temps présent". In 1970 Henry collaborated with British rock band Spooky Tooth on the album "Ceremony".

Henry died at a hospital in Paris on 5 July 2017 at the age of 89.


Ybbs

The Ybbs is a river in Lower Austria. Its source is on the Zellerrain Pass near Mariazell. 

Ybbs is also the common short form for the small town Ybbs an der Donau.

Oberthal, Saarland

Oberthal is a municipality in the district of Sankt Wendel in the state of Saarland, Germany. It is about northwest of Sankt Wendel, and north of Saarbrücken.

The Oberthal municipality exists of four settlements (people in brackets, as of 2012)

T. Berry Brazelton

Thomas Berry Brazelton (May 10, 1918 – March 13, 2018) was an American pediatrician, television host and author. He was the developer of the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale (NBAS). Brazelton hosts the cable television program "What Every Baby Knows", and writes a syndicated newspaper column. Brazelton has written more than two hundred scholarly papers and twenty four books.

In 1994, Brazelton won the first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lifestyle/Culinary Show Host.

Brazelton was born in Waco, Texas. He graduated in 1940 from Princeton and in 1943 from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City. He died in Barnstable, Massachusetts on March 13, 2018, at the age of 99.


Zürich Airport

Zürich Airport (, ), is an international airport serving Zürich. It is the largest hub of Swiss International Air Lines. It is north of central Zürich, in the municipalities of Kloten, Oberglatt, Rümlang, Winkel and Opfikon, all of which are within the canton of Zurich. It was opened in 1948. It is also known as Kloten Airport.


Chalampé

Chalampé is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. The town was founded by soldiers of Marshal Dubourg who in 1709 had beaten the Austrians under Count Claude Florimond de Mercy in the War of the Spanish Succession.

Athens, Ohio

Athens is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Athens County.

Cuxton

Cuxton is a village in Medway in South East England. It is on left side of the River Medway in the North Downs. It also has a railway station, Cuxton railway station.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Saône department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Haute-Saône department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Saône are:

Since its creation, the Haute-Saône department has had few changes:


Adam Schiff

Adam Bennett Schiff (born June 22, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for . He has served in Congress since 2001. He is a member of the Democratic Party, and is Jewish. 

Schiff represented the 27th and 29th Districts between 2001 and 2013, which included the areas of Alhambra, Altadena, San Gabriel, Burbank, Glendale, South Pasadena, Temple City, Monterey Park, and Pasadena. 

Schiff has become an influential voice for his party in the House of Representatives on foreign policy and national security issues.

In January 2023, Schiff announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election.


Larry Lieber

Larry D. Lieber (; born October 26, 1931) is an American comic book artist and writer. He is the younger brother of Marvel Comics' writer, editor, and publisher Stan Lee.

Lieber is best known for scripting the first appearances of the Marvel characters Iron Man, Thor, and Ant-Man; for his long stint both writing and drawing the Marvel Western "Rawhide Kid"; and for illustrating the newspaper comic strip "The Amazing Spider-Man" for many years and continuing as of August 2016. From 1974 to 1975, he was editor of Atlas/Seaboard Comics.

Johnny Gosch

Johnny Gosch (born November 12, 1969) was a paperboy in West Des Moines, Iowa. He disappeared at age 12, while delivering newspapers. In the early hours of September 5, 1982, he disappeared on his route and was never seen since. Gosch is believed to be kidnapped. His mother got mail one morning in 1997 showing the photos of her kidnapped son and three other boys. Another paperboy disappeared where Johnny was kidnapped, named Eugene Martin, 13 years old.

His mother, Noreen Gosch, maintains that Johnny Gosch escaped from his captors and visited her in 1997, but now fears for his life and lives under an assumed identity. Gosch's father, John, divorced from Noreen since 1993, has publicly stated that he was not sure whether or not such a visit actually occurred. Authorities have not located Gosch or confirmed Noreen Gosch's account, and his fate continues to be the subject of speculation, conspiracy theories, and dispute.The case received publicity in 2006 when his mother claimed to have found photographs on her doorstep depicting Gosch in captivity. Some of the photos received were proven to be children from a case in Florida, but one boy in the photos was never identified. Noreen Gosch insists that boy is her son Johnny.

Willi Reschke

Willi Reschke (3 February 1922 – 5 July 2017) was a German Luftwaffe ace. He was the recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II.

Reschke was credited with 26 aerial victories in 70 missions. In 1999, Reschke recounted his wartime experiences in print, published in English in 2005 as ""Jagdgeschwader 301/302 'Wilde Sau': In Defense Of The Reich with the Bf 109, Fw 190 and Ta 152";" including writing about the late-war period he spent flying the exotic Focke-Wulf Ta 152 high-altitude fighter-interceptor designed by Kurt Tank.

Reschke died on 5 July 2017 in Berlin at the age of 95.


Minos Kyriakou

Minos Xenophon "Minas" Kyriakou (; 31 May 1942 – 2 July 2017) was a Greek media and shipping magnate and businessman. He was the president of the Greek Olympic Committee and was the President of the International Olympic Academy (IOA, 2004-2009). He was elected to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) council in August 2003. He was born in Poros, Greece.

Kyriakou died of a heart attack on 2 July 2017 at a hospital in Athens, aged 75.

Joaquín Navarro-Valls

Joaquín Navarro-Valls, M.D. (16 November 1936 – 5 July 2017) was a Spanish journalist, physician and academic. He served as the Director of the Holy See Press Office from 1984 to 2006. He was born in Cartagena, Spain.

His role as the press liaison between the Vatican and the world press corps gave him perhaps the highest visibility of any one person in the Vatican during the long reign of Pope John Paul II, with the exception of the Pope himself. He resigned his post July 11th, 2006 and was replaced by Father Federico Lombardi. 

On January 20th, 2007, he was named president of the board of advisers of the Biomedical University of Rome, an office he occupied until his death.

Navarro-Valls died in Rome, Italy on July 5th 2017 of pancreatic cancer, aged 80.


Joan B. Lee

Joan Boocock Lee (Joan Clayton Boocock; February 5, 1922 - July 6, 2017) was a English-born American hat model and actress. She was known for her 69-year marriage to comic book writer Stan Lee.

In the 1940s, Lee was a hat model in New York City when she met Stan Lee. In her later years, she became a voice actress and provided her voice in "Spider-Man" and "Fantastic Four" both in the 1990s.

Lee died on July 6, 2017 in Los Angeles from stroke-related complications after being hospitalized for a week. She was 95 years old.

This Is How We Do

"This is How We Do" is a dance-pop and electropop song from American singer and songwriter Katy Perry. It comes off her fourth studio album "Prism" (2013). The song was released on August 11, 2014. It was the fifth and final single from the album. The remix has the rapper Riff Raff rapping on it. She wrote the song with longtime collaborators Max Martin and Klas Åhlund, who produced it.

Commercially, the song hit the top ten in Canada and Israel. It also hit the top 30 in the United States, Sweden, Venezuela, Finland and Scotland. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over one million copies in the US alone.

The song is about Perry's hangout routine with her friends. The video has Perry getting her nails painted and doing karaoke with her friends. Perry was accused of cultural appropriation for wearing black cornrows. The video has received over 600 million views on YouTube as of March 2018.

Junior Johnson

Robert Glenn Johnson, Jr. (June 28, 1931 – December 20, 2019), better known as Junior Johnson, was a NASCAR driver of the 1950s and 1960s. He won 50 NASCAR races in his career before retiring in 1966.

In the 1970s and 1980s, he became a NASCAR racing team owner; he sponsored such NASCAR champions as Cale Yarborough and Darrell Waltrip. He now produces a line of fried pork skins and country ham. He was credited as the first to use the drafting technique in stock car racing.

He was nicknamed "The Last American Hero" and his autobiography is of the same name. In May 2007, Johnson teamed with Piedmont Distillers of Madison, North Carolina, to introduce the company's second moonshine product, called "Midnight Moon Moonshine".

Johnson died at a hospice care facility in Charlotte, North Carolina on December 20, 2019, at age 88. He had Alzheimer's disease at the time of his death.


Bryan Avery

Bryan Robert Avery MBE RIBA (2 January 1944 – 4 July 2017) was an English architect. He was born in Berkshire, England. He was best known for designing the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).

After his childhood years spent in Lymington in the New Forest, Hampshire, he studied architecture at Leicester College of Art (now the De Montfort University), followed by a MA in the History and Theory of Architecture at Essex University under Professors Joseph Rykwert and Dalibor Vesely.

Avery died in London at the age of 73 on 4 July 2017.

You Keep Me Hangin' On

"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a soul-pop ballad from American Motown music group The Supremes. It was released in late 1966. The lyrics speak of a bad relationship the singer is trying to get out of. The song's signature guitar part comes from a Morse code-like radio sound effect.

The song reached #1 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1966.

American music group Vanilla Fudge recorded a rock version of the song in 1967. It peaked at #6 on "Billboard" Hot 100. Their single version is almost three minutes long. The album version is seven minutes and twenty seconds long.

In 1986, British singer Kim Wilde had a version of the song. In June 1987, it hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also hit #1 in Australia and #2 in the United Kingdom.

Nochebuena

Nochebuena (literally "good night") is the Spanish word for Christmas Eve. In Spain, Latin America, and the Philippines, the evening consists of a traditional family dinner. Roasted pig is often the center of Nochebuena for feasts around the world.

Ancient Order of the Rosicrucians

Rosicrucianism, or the Rosicrucian religion, is a combination of many different religions. It has occult elements and other religious beliefs and practices. These include Hermeticism, Jewish mysticism, and Christian Gnosticism. Members possess what they believe is secret wisdom that was handed down to them from ancient times.

Alternative for Germany

Alternative for Germany (German: "Alternative für Deutschland", shortened "AfD") is a German nationalist, far-right political party.

In the 2017 federal election, the party won 94 seats after receiving 12.6% of the national vote.

In 2012, Alexander Gauland, Bernd Lucke and Konrad Adam formed the "Electoral Alternative 2013". It was critical of Germany's policy toward the eurozone crisis. Some candidates who were part of the "Electoral Alternative 2013" ran for election in Lower Saxony in alliance with the Free Voters. They then decided to form a party to compete in the 2013 federal election. The group wanted to abolish the euro, so the Free Voters refused to join forces.

The AfD's first supporters were economists, business leaders, journalists and former members of the Christian Democratic Union who were critical of the eurozone.

The AfD held their first convention on 14 April 2013. Members elected Bernd Lucke, Frauke Petry and Konrad Adam as speakers.

In the 2013 federal election, the party received 4.6% of the national vote with more than 2 million votes. The party did not win any seats.

Before the 2014 European Parliament election, the AfD held a conference on 25 January 2014 in Bavaria. They chose the slogan, "Mut zu Deutschland" ("Courage [to stand up] for Germany"). In February 2014, some AfD officials wanted to join an alliance with the hard eurosceptic party, UKIP. However, Bernd Lucke and other officials and election candidates wanted to instead join an alliance with the British Conservative Party. In the European elections, the AfD won 7 seats in the European Parliament, and joined the European Conservatives and Reformists.

On 4 July 2015, Frauke Petry was elected as the principal speaker of the party. She was a member of the national conservate faction within the party. Her election is seen as a shift of the party further to the right wing, as the party now began to focus on Islam and immigration. Lucke believed the party was turing into the "PEGIDA party." He left the party a few days later, citing the rise of xenophobia within the party. On 19 July 2015, Lucke formed the Alliance for Progress and Renewal (ALFA).

In February 2016, AfD announced an alliance with the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ). On 8 March 2016, the European Conservatives and Reformists decided they will begin to exclude the AfD from their groups due to their links to the far-right FPÖ.

In 2016, the party won seats in the Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt Landtags.

At the AfD party conference held on 30 April to 1 May 2016, the party called for a ban on burkhas, minarets and the call to prayer, using the slogan "Islam is not a part of Germany".

Frauke Petry decided not to run as the party's main candidate in the 2017 federal election. This was a consequence of the internal power struggle within the party. The party chose Alexander Gauland, a strong conservative and former member of the CDU, to lead the party in the elections. Alice Weidel, who is seen as being more moderate, was elected as his running mate. The party's platform was mainly to close the borders to asylum seekers, end sanctions on Russia and leave the European Union if Germany's national sovereignty isn't restored. After the election, the party received 5.8 million votes, winning 94 seats in the Bundestag. This is the first time the party has held seats in the Bundestag.

A day after the successful 2017 federal election, Frauke Petry left the party. She did this as a response to extremist comments made by some members in the AfD. She would later join the Blue Party, which is another right-wing conservative party.

A politician representing AfD, was elected (in 2023) as a mayor.

The AfD's ideology is described as right-wing populist, conservative and anti-immigration. The party is against same-sex marriage and has a platform of climate change denial. The party has also aligned itself with groups that are against modern feminism.

Alternative for Germany is eurosceptic and critical about the influx of foreigners in Germany.


Buttelstedt

Buttelstedt is a town and a former municipality in the Weimarer Land district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is north of Weimar. Since 1 January 2019, it has been part of the municipality Am Ettersberg.

White Christmas (song)

"White Christmas" is a popular song about an old-fashioned Christmas setting. It mixes sadness and comforts of home. The version sung by Bing Crosby is said to be the world's best-selling single.

The song has been covered and performed by artists including Jo Stafford, Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald and Bette Midler. It has sold over 150 million copies.

The original version was released in 1942.

Irving Berlin's opening verse is often dropped in many recordings. However, the opening verse is included on Barbra Streisand, Darlene Love and The Carpenters' Christmas studio albums.

Ouest Lausannois District

The Ouest lausannois District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital of the district is Renens.

Homebase

Homebase is a British home improvement retailer and garden centre in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.

As of December 2016, Homebase has 255 shops in the United Kingdom. 

It was founded by the supermarket chain Sainsbury's and Belgian retailer GB-Inno-BM in 1979, as Sainsbury's Homebase.

In December 2000, Sainsbury's sold the Homebase chain. 

In November 2002, Homebase was sold again, to GUS plc, where it became part of Argos Retail Group (later renamed as Home Retail Group).

In January 2016 it was announced that Australian retailer Wesfarmers would acquire Homebase. The transfer of ownership to Wesfarmers took place on 27 February 2016.

Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District

The Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The seat of the district is the town of Vevey.

Hausen ob Verena

Hausen ob Verena is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Leskovac

Leskovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лесковац, ) is a city in southern Serbia.

It is the administrative center of the Jablanica District. According to the 2011 census, the city has population of 60,288. The administrative area has a population of 144,206.

Fontanella

Fontanella is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Lustenau

Lustenau (Alemannic German: "Luschnou") is a market town in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is found in the district of Dornbirn.


Balgheim

Balgheim is a municipality of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Faoug

Faoug is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Calfreisen

Calfreisen is a former municipality of the district Plessur in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Chavannes-sur-l'Étang

Chavannes-sur-l'Étang is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Toronto, Ohio

Toronto is the second-largest city in Jefferson County, Ohio in the United States.

Tirano

Tirano is a city in northern Italy. It is in the province of Sondrio. It has 9,130 people.

Elm, Cambridgeshire

Elm is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. The population including Coldham, Collett's Bridge, Friday Bridge and Ring's End was 3,962 at the 2011 Census.

Håkan Carlqvist

Håkan Carlqvist (15 January 1954 – 7 July 2017) was a Swedish professional motocross racer. He was born near Stockholm, Sweden. 

Carlqvist won the F.I.M. 250cc Motocross World Championship in 1979 as a member of the Husqvarna factory racing team. In 1980, he switched to Yamaha to contest the 500cc motocross world championship. He finished 3rd in 1981 and 1982. In 1983, he battled against Honda teammates André Malherbe and Graham Noyce to claim the 500cc world championship, on a Yamaha. In 1984, an injury stopped Carlqvist from contesting the title again. He raced for Yamaha until end of 1986.

Carlqvist died in Stockholm on 7 July 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 63.

Pam McConnell

Pam McConnell (1946 – 7 July 2017) was a Canadian politician. She was elected to Toronto City Council in 1994 and most recently served as councillor for Ward 28 from 2000 until her death in 2017. She was born in England.

McConnell died on 7 July 2017 of respiratory failure at a hospital in Toronto at the age of 71.

Carol Lee Scott

Carol Lee Scott (20 December 1942 – 4 July 2017) was an English entertainer. She was best known for her role on British television in the 1980s and 1990s as "Grotbags". Throughout her career, Scott regularly performed on the international cabaret circuit, and prior to her TV work, she was a singer and released two albums.

Scott died of cancer in London on 4 July 2017 at the age of 74.

Heinz Schneiter

Heinz Schneiter (12 April 1935 – 6 July 2017) was a Swiss football player and manager. He was born in Thun.

Schneiter got 44 caps and 3 goals for Switzerland, playing all three games at the 1962 World Cup. He also played in Switzerland's 0–5 loss to West Germany at the 1966 World Cup. He scored against West Germany in the 1962 World Cup.

Schneiter coached FC Thun and BSC Young Boys.

Schneiter died on 6 July 2017 of coronary artery disease, at the age of 82.

Egil Monn-Iversen

Egil Monn-Iversen (14 April 1928 – 7 July 2017) was a Norwegian composer, pianist and businessman. He was born in Oslo. He was one of the most influential modern composers in Norway. He has had many important roles in Norwegian music, movie, opera, television, comedy and theater.

For some time he had so much influence in Norwegian culture that he got the nickname "The Godfather", even though he has always considered himself a down-to-earth musician.

Monn-Iversen owned a movie production company, a record label, and an agency for musical artists. He was the founder of the vocal group The Monn Keys. He was the CEO at the Chat Noir theatre and chairman at The Norwegian Opera and has since the 1960s worked in NRK (Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation) and Det norske teatret (The Norwegian Theatre). He has written scores to over 100 Norwegian movies and TV series.

Monn-Iversen was married to the Norwegian actor and singer Sølvi Wang until her death in 2011.

Monn-Iversen died on 7 July 2017 at the age of 89.

Crockett County, Texas

Crockett County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 3,098 people lived there. The county seat is Ozona.

Crosby County, Texas

Crosby County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 5,133 people lived there. The county seat is Crosbyton.

David Yewdall

David Lewis Yewdall (October 30, 1950 – July 4, 2017) was an American production sound mixer. He was born in Springfield, Missouri. He worked with Roger Corman on "Battle Beyond the Stars" and as the co-supervising sound editor on "Talvisota". He published a book about the profession in 2007, "Practical art of motion picture sound", which was called a "must-read for all students of film."

In 1996, he became a member of the board of NightPro Technologies Inc (NTI), a sound production company from Provo, Utah. He taught editing and sound at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts until June 2016.

His best known works are "The Thing", "The Fifth Element" and "Escape From New York".

Yewdall died on July 4, 2017 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina from pancreatic cancer, aged 66.

Dawson County, Texas

Dawson County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 12,456 people lived there. The county seat is Lamesa.

Culberson County, Texas

Culberson County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 2,188 people lived there. The county seat is Van Horn.

Blue Origin has a suborbital launch site (see Space exploration) about 25 miles north of Van Horn, Texas.

Delta County, Texas

Delta County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 5,230 people lived there. The county seat is Cooper.

Dickens County, Texas

Dickens County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 1,770 people lived there. The county seat is Dickens.

Duval County, Texas

Duval County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 9,831 people lived there. The county seat is San Diego.

Ector County, Texas

Ector County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 165,171 people lived there. The county seat is Odessa.

Bikini Bottom

Bikini Bottom is a town from SpongeBob SquarePants.




Lea DeLaria

Lea DeLaria (born May 23, 1958) is an American comedian, actress, and jazz musician. DeLaria was "the first openly gay comic to break the late-night talk-show barrier" with her 1993 appearance on "The Arsenio Hall Show". She is best known for her portrayal of inmate Big Boo on Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black".

From 2015 through 2017, she was engaged to fashion editor Chelsea Fairless until they separated. 


McDonnell Douglas

McDonnell Douglas was a major American aircraft manufacturing company. It was formed by the merger of McDonnell Aircraft and the Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967. In 1997 it merged with Boeing. The company designed and built a number of well-known commercial and military aircraft such as the DC-10 airliner and F-15 Eagle air-superiority fighter.

McDonnell Douglas was based at Lambert–St. Louis International Airport near St. Louis, Missouri. The McDonnell Douglas Technical Services Company (MDTSC), headquarters were in unincorporated St. Louis County, Missouri.



List of airlines of Finland

Finland has had a number of airlines over the years



Arrondissement of Lure

The arrondissement of Lure is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Saône "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Lure.

When the "arrondissements" of Haute-Saône were created in 1800, Lure was one of them in the Haute-Saône department.

The "arrondissement" of Lure is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Haute-Saône department; it is the smallest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the one with fewest people living in it with a population of 108,725 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lure is bordered to the north by the Vosges department, to the east by the Territoire de Belfort department, to the south by the Doubs department and to the west by the "arrondissement" Vesoul.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lure, there are ten cantons and three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Lure has 195 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Air Åland

Air Åland Ab is an airline from Åland. Air Åland doesn't fly the routes by itself, it uses other airlines. Swedish airline NextJet has been operating the flights 

The company was based as an airlines in 14th of January 2005 and started flying 29th of October 2005 with Mariehamn-Helsinki-route. The company opened its 2nd route in 13th of March 2006. between Mariehamn and Stockholm (Arlanda). Air Åland ceased flying in 2012 because FlyBe started flying the Helsinki-Mariehamn-route. 

Also the company operates charter flights. Air Åland's flights' host used to be UAB Nordic Solutions Air Services with four Saab 340-prop airliners (Registration: LY-DIG, LY-ISR, LY-KXE and LY-RIK). The operator changed its name to Avion Express because the owner changed. After that the flights were handled by a Swedish Avitrans Nordic. During the winter 2008 Air Åland expanded its career with the Wingo xprs company. Wingo xprs started a route Turku-Tampere-Oulu, which was operated by Air Åland until 19th of June 2008. 

Nextjet starts flights from Mariehamn to Turku on the 2nd of April 2012, and it will be flown once everyday, except Sundays.

2003 Russian Premier League

The 2003 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2003, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2003") was the 2nd Russian Premier League season, and the 12th top division football tournament. CSKA Moscow won their 1st title, and Dmitri Loskov was the top scorer with 14 goals.

14 goals


13 goals


11 goals


10 goals



Arrondissement of Vesoul

The arrondissement of Vesoul is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Saône "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Vesoul.

When the "arrondissements" of Haute-Saône were created in 1800, Vesoul was one of them in the Haute-Saône department.

The "arrondissement" of Vesoul is in the southern half of the department; it is the largest and with more people living in it of the "arrondissements" of the Haute-Saône department. It has an area of , with a population of 129,622 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Vesoul is bordered to the north by the Vosges department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" Lure, to the east by the Doubs department, to the south by the JuraDoubs department, to the southwest by the Côte-d'Or department and to the west by the Haute-Marne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vesoul, there are ten cantons and three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Vesoul has 347 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Maisie Williams

Margaret Constance "Maisie" Williams (born 15 April 1997) is an English actress. She is notable for acting, and has won some awards.

She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark of Winterfell in the HBO fantasy television series "Game of Thrones" in 2011, for which she won the EWwy Award for best supporting actress in a drama, the Portal Award for best supporting actress, and the Saturn Award for best performance by a younger actor. In 2016, she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for outstanding supporting actress in a drama series.



Cuxton railway station

Cuxton railway station is a railway station in Cuxton in Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

Spencer Johnson

Patrick Spencer Johnson (November 24, 1938 – July 3, 2017) was an American author. He was known for the ValueTales series of children's books and for his 1998 motivational book "Who Moved My Cheese?", which recurred on the "New York Times" Bestseller list, on the "Publishers Weekly" Hardcover nonfiction list. 

Johnson was chairman of Spencer Johnson Partners until his death in 2017.

Johnson died in San Diego, California on July 3, 2017 of complications from pancreatic cancer, aged 78.


Adriana Sivieri

Adriana Sivieri (born 21 June 1918) is a retired Argentine-born Italian movie actress.
She also worked in radio and as a voice actor, dubbing foreign movies for release in Italy. She was known for her roles in "Vanity" (1947), "Bitter Rice" (1949) and in "At the Edge of the City" (1953).

Sivieri was born in Buenos Aires.

Lure

Lure may refer to:








Josephine Webb

Josephine Webb (born June 21, 1918) is an American electrical engineer. She was known as "switchgear". She designed an eighteen-inch, full newspaper size fax machine with superior resolution. 

Webb co-founded Webb Consulting Company with her husband, also an electrical engineer. She is one of the first female electrical engineers, and considered a pioneer by the Society of Women Engineers. At Purdue University, she was one out of a total of five women engineers.

Niagara Falls, New York

Niagara Falls ( ) is a city in Niagara County, New York, United States.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 48,671, down from the 50,193 recorded in the 2010 census.

It is across the Niagara River, across from the city of Niagara Falls, Ontario, and named after the famed Niagara Falls which they share. The city is within the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Western New York region.


Halling, Kent

Halling is a village on the North Downs in the northern part of Kent, England, It consists of Lower Halling, Upper Halling and North Halling, It also has a railway station, Halling railway station.

Halling railway station

Halling railway station is a railway station in Halling in Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

Thailand TESOL

Thailand TESOL is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called "ThaiTESOL" for short.

ThaiTESOL has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events.

Thai TESOL has relationships with several other language teaching associations including KOTESOL and the Japan Association for Language Teaching.


Korea Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages

Korea Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called KOTESOL for short.

KOTESOL started in 1992 when the Association of English Teachers in Korea (AETK) and the Korea Association of Teachers of English (KATE) joined.

KOTESOL members may join a smaller group called a Chapter. These are the Chapters of KOTESOL:

KOTESOL has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events.

KOTESOL has relationships with several other language teaching associations:


Philippine Association for Language Teaching

The Philippine Association for Language Teaching is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called PALT for short. Its offices are at the College of Education of the University of the Philippines in Quezon City. 

PALT started in 1960.

PALT has a convention every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events. Its first international convention was in 2001.

PALT has relationships with several other language teaching associations including:


Best of My Love (Eagles song)

"Best of My Love" is a soft rock song from the Eagles. The song was part of the studio album "On the Border". It was released in November 1974. It was the third single from the album. It was the Eagles' first #1 song on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It became so in March 1975.

The song was also at the top of the easy listening chart for one week in February 1975. The "Billboard" Year End Charts ranked "Best of My Love" at #12 for 1975. It sold over a million copies.

The single edit was shortened by Asylum Records. The record company shortened the single, so that it would be more radio-friendly, without the Eagles' knowledge. This made them angry. Don Henley wanted the single pulled from stores. The full song is four minutes and thirty four seconds.

When the song was judged to have sold over a million copies, Eagles' manager, Irving Azoff, sent a gold record with a piece cut-out to Asylum Records.

The song was later remade by the country music group Brooks & Dunn in 1993.

The Association for the Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Indonesia

The Association for the Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Indonesia is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called TEFLIN for short.

TEFLIN started in 1972 as a meeting of a small group of teachers. In 1982, it became organized as a group of these nine universities:

TEFLIN has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events. It held its first international conference in 2003.

TEFLIN has relationships with several other language teaching associations including:


Cambodian Civil War

The Cambodian Civil War was a five-year war that lasted from 1970 to 1975 and took place in Cambodia. The Khmer Republic was friendly with both South Vietnam and the United States and fought against the Khmer Rouge, who were friendly with both North Vietnam and the Viet Cong. After the war ended in 1975, the Khmer Rouge won the war.

Satya Wacana Christian University

Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana (Satya Wacana Christian University) is a university in Salatiga, Java, Indonesia. It is a private, Christian university.

Diponegoro University

Universitas Diponegoro (Diponegoro University) is a public university in Semarang, Java, Indonesia.

Tom Blom

Tom Blom (25 September 1946 – 3 July 2017) was a Dutch television and radio presenter. He was born in The Hague. His career began in 1975. Blom made his television debut as a announcer at "The Johnny Kraaijkamp Show". Later, he was a presenter of the record program "De Eerste de Beste". From 1983, Blom was a commentator and co-presenter at "Te land, ter zee en in de lucht".

Blom died on 3 July 2017 in The Hague of brain cancer at the age of 70.


Whang-od

Whang-od Oggay (born 17 February 1917) is a Filipina tattoo artist from Buscalan, Tinglayan, Kalinga, Philippines. 

She is thought as the last "mambabatok" (traditional Kalinga tattooist) from the Butbut people in Buscalan Kalinga and the oldest tattoo artist in the Philippines. She has been tattooing headhunters and women of the indigenous people of Butbut in Buscalan Kalinga for more than 80 years, but the Butbut warriors who used to earn tattoos through protecting villages or killing enemies no longer exist. 

Instead, Whang-od now applies the traditional art form to tourists visiting Buscalan.

Columbus, Texas

Columbus is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Colorado County.

San Diego, Texas

San Diego is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Duval County.

Eduardo Saverin

Eduardo Luiz Saverin (; ; born March 19, 1982) is a Brazilian Internet entrepreneur and "angel" investor. Saverin is one of the co-founders of Facebook. , he owns 53 million Facebook shares (approximately 0.4% of all outstanding shares) and has a net worth of $10.3 billion, according to "Forbes". He has also invested in early-stage startups such as Qwiki and Jumio.

In what was seen by some as a move to avoid U.S. taxes, Saverin renounced (gave up) his U.S. citizenship in September 2011. According to Saverin, he renounced his citizenship because of his "interest in working and living in Singapore" where he has been since 2009. He avoided an estimated $700 million in capital gains taxes; this generated some media attention and controversy. Saverin denies that he left the U.S. to avoid paying taxes.

St Anton am Arlberg

Sankt Anton am Arlberg is a ski resort in the state of Tyrol, Austria. It was the host of the Alpine World Ski Championships in 2001.


Caselle Landi

Caselle Landi is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about southeast of Lodi. As of 2004 about 1,751 people lived there. It has an area of .

Caselle Landi borders the following municipalities: Cornovecchio, Meleti, Corno Giovine, Santo Stefano Lodigiano, Castelnuovo Bocca d'Adda, Piacenza and Caorso.

Jalandhar

Jalandhar is a city in the state of Punjab in India.

Cama, Switzerland

Cama is a municipality in the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Castaneda, Switzerland

Castaneda is a municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Calverstown

Calverstown () is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.

Sacramento, Minas Gerais

Sacramento is a municipality in the west of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.

Neighboring municipalities are: Perdizes (N), Araxá and Tapira (NE), São Roque de Minas and Delfinópolis (SE), Ibiraci (S), Pedregulho and Rifaina (SW), Conquista and Uberaba, and Nova Ponte and Santa Juliana (NW).

Cargèse

Cargèse (, ) is a village and commune. It is in the Corse-du-Sud department in south France.

Courtavon

Courtavon is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Mandate of Heaven

The Mandate of Heaven (天命) was a Chinese political and religious doctrine used to justify the rule of the emperor of China. According to this belief, heaven (天, "Tian") stands for the natural order and will of the universe. Heaven will give a mandate to a just ruler, the Son of Heaven. If a ruler was overthrown, this was interpreted as an indication that the ruler was unworthy, and had lost the mandate. It was also a common belief that natural disasters such as famine and flood were signs of heaven's displeasure with the ruler, so there would often be revolts after major disasters as citizens saw these as signs that the Mandate of Heaven had been withdrawn.

Mandate of Heaven does not require a legitimate ruler to be of noble birth, and dynasties such as the Han and Ming dynasties were founded by men of common origins. The Mandate of Heaven had no time limitations, depending instead on the just and able performance of the rulers and their heirs. The concept is in some ways similar to the European concept of the divine right of kings; however, unlike the European concept, it does not confer an unconditional right to rule. The concept of Mandate of Heaven also included the right of rebellion against an unjust ruler. Chinese historians interpreted a successful revolt as evidence that Heaven had withdrawn its mandate from the ruler. Throughout Chinese history, times of poverty and natural disasters were often taken as signs that heaven considered the current ruler unjust and in need of replacement. The Mandate of Heaven was often invoked by philosophers and scholars in China as a way to curtail the abuse of power by the ruler. 

The concept of the Mandate of Heaven was first used to support the rule of the kings of the Zhou dynasty (1046–256 BCE), and legitimize their overthrow of the earlier Shang dynasty (1600–1046 BCE). It was used throughout the history of China to support the rule of emperors, including non-Han ethnic monarchs such as the Qing dynasty. This concept was also used by monarchs in neighboring countries like Korea and Vietnam. A similar situation prevailed since the establishment of Ahom rule in the Kingdom of Assam of Southeast Asia.


Nelsan Ellis

Nelsan Ellis (November 30, 1977 – July 8, 2017) was an American actor and playwright. He was best known for his role as Lafayette Reynolds in the HBO series "True Blood" from 2008 to 2014. He also appeared in the movies "The Butler" (2013) and "Get on Up" (2014).

Ellis was born in Harvey, Illinois. He joined the United States Marines at the age of 17.

Ellis died of heart failure caused by alcohol withdrawal on July 8, 2017 in Brooklyn, New York. He was 39.

Content word

A content word is a word in a language that has meaning. The most common content words are nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs. Unlike function words, content words are usually open class, which means that there is no end to how many words a part of speech in a language can have. Since content words are usually more important in a sentence, they tend to be said with more stress in an English sentence.

Open class

An open class of words is a part of speech that can easily add new words. A closed class of words, on the other hand, cannot add new words easily. For example, since pronouns are a closed class, there are fairly few pronouns: I, me, my, mine, myself, you, you, your, yours, yourself, he, him, his, his, himself, she, her, her, hers, herself, it, it, its, its, itself, we, us, our, ours, ourselves, they, them, their, theirs, themselves. Since pronouns are used to replace whole noun phrases, there is no need to have many kinds of pronouns. Instead of saying "The Earl of Sandwich introduced the Earl of Sandwich's favorite food, the sandwich", one uses the pronoun "his" to replace "the Earl of Sandwich's" to make the sentence not repeat itself when it doesn't have to, thus the sentence becomes "The Earl of Sandwich introduced his favorite food, the sandwich". New nouns, on the other hand, can easily be made, and are constantly being added into the English language.

PSL sniper rifle

The PSL is a Romanian sniper rifle that is based on the Soviet RPK and the PSL looks similar to the Soviet SVD. The PSL was used by the Romanian army since 1974. The length of the PSL is 45.3 inches and the PSL uses a 7.62×54mmR or a 7.62×51mm NATO.


PSL

PSL can mean several things:

Quit India Movement

The Quit India Movement was a movement started by Mahatma Gandhi on 9 August 1942. The movement wanted to end British rule in India. The movement was started in a speech in Bombay, where Mahatma Gandhi asked Indians to "Do or Die." The Congress launched a protest asking the British to withdraw from India. However, the British imprisoned most of the Congress leadership within a day of the speech to suppress the movement. All of the British refused to grant independence until the war ended. People destroyed symbols of British authority such as rail tracks, post office, and police station. Leaders of the Quit India movement were Sucheta Kriplani, Ram Manohar Lohia, Aruna Asaf Ali, and Jaiprakash Narayan.

The failure of the crips mission & effects of World War II created widespread discontentment in India. This led Gandhi to launch a movement calling for complete withdrawal of the British from Quandale dingle. 

"==Resolution==
"The Congress Working Committee, in its meeting in Wardha on 14 July 1942, passed the historic Quit India resolution demanding the immediate transfer ofans & quit India. On 8 August 1942 in Bombay, the All India Congress Committee called for a nonon-violent mass struggle on the widest possible scale throughout the Mahatma Gandhi delivered the famous "Do or Die" speech: The call for Quit India a most to a standstill in large parts of the country as people voluntarily threw themselves into People observed hearts and demonstrations and processions were accompanied by the movement was truly a mass movement which brought into its ambit thousands of idents, workers and peasants. It also saw the active participation of leaders, namely onps Aruna Asal Al and Ram Manohar Lohia and many women such as Matangini Hazera in Bengal Kanta Berry in Assam and Rama Devi in Odisha.The British responded with much force, yet it took more than a ps the movement. In Quit India Movement, Sucheta Kripalani also played main role. For the record gandhi was kek.

Mistinguett

Mistinguett (3 April 1875 – 5 January 1956) was a French actress and singer. Her real name was Jeanne Florentine Bourgeois. For many years she was the star of the Folies Bergère and other nightclubs in Paris. She was also in many silent movies.

Mistinguett was born in Enghien-les-Bains, a small town near Paris, Her parents, Antoine and Jeannette Bourgeois, made mattresses. When she was 12 years old she began to take violin lessons in Paris. One day on the train to Paris, she met a man who wrote songs for nightclubs and theatres in Paris. In 1893 he helped her to get a job at the Casino de Paris, a music hall and cabaret theatre. First she worked backstage. Then in 1895, she became a singer there. She chose the stage name "Mistinguett". 

In 1897, she performed at the El Dorado and then at the Folies Bergère and the Moulin Rouge. She had a big success at the Folies Bergère in 1911 when she danced with Maurice Chevalier. She and Chevalier were lovers for several years. Mistinguett became the most famous singer and actress in Paris and made a lot of money. She also appeared in many silent movies between 1908 and 1917.

She still performed in nightclubs when she was 72 years old. In 1954 she wrote her autobiography. Its title in English was "Mistinguette, Queen of the Paris Night". Mistinguett suffered a stroke on Christmas Eve 1955. She was staying at her brother's house in Bougival, a suburb of Paris. She died two weeks later. She never married, but she had one son, Léopoldo João de Lima e Silva. His father was a diplomat from Brazil. Her son was with her when she died.


SIR model

The SIR model is a simple mathematical model of epidemics. An epidemic is when the number of people infected with a disease is increasing in a population. 

S, I, and R stand for:
Below is a graph of a solved SIR model. The bottom (x) axis is time, and the left (y) axis is the population or the number of people. 

Blue represents the number of susceptible people. At the beginning of the epidemic, the number of susceptible (blue) people decreases as the number of infected (green) people increases. Gradually the number of recovered (red) people increases. In this particular model, after the epidemic is over, all people have been infected and recovered. This is not always the case; sometimes, some susceptible people remain uninfected.

This model is also missing some parts, such as creating new susceptible people by being born and the removal of susceptible, infected, and recovered people who die. More complicated models can include these parts. 

Also, this model does not work well for every disease. It works well where people recover from a disease and become immune, such as measles. Not all infectious diseases follow this pattern. For instance, people infected with HIV never recover, and there is no vaccine, so there is no group of recovered people, only susceptible and infected people. There is also the case where people recover from a disease but do not become immune or lose their immunity over time. For instance, when people get the flu, they are generally only immune for a short time before they become susceptible again.

There are also different kinds of models when as the disease is spread through the water, such as in the case of cholera, or by a vector like a mosquito, such as malaria.

Engadin

The Engadin or Engadine (, , , ; lit.: "Valley of the Inn people") is a long high Alpine valley in the eastern Swiss Alps. It is found in the canton of Graubünden. It is about 25,000 inhabitants. It follows the route of the Inn () from its headwaters at Maloja Pass in the southwest running roughly northeast until the Inn flows into Austria, one hundred kilometers downstream. The Inn subsequently flows at Passau into the Danube, as the only Swiss river to drain into the Black Sea.

The Engadine is connected by the Julier, Albula, Flüela Passes and the Vereina Tunnel to the northern part of Switzerland and the rest of the canton of Graubünden.

The highest mountains of the wider area of the Engadine is the Bernina Range in the southwestern part.


Asbach-Bäumenheim

Asbach-Bäumenheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is Martin Paninka of the SPD political party. During WW2 prisoners were kept in a concentration camp there, and were forced to work. A memorial remembers the prisoners who died. The village was named Asbach-Bäumenheim in 1958.

Auhausen

Auhausen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. Auhausen was the site of the 1608 meeting that formed the Protestant Union. This is also known as the "Union of Auhausen". The mayor is currently Wilhalm Dorner.

Tuttlingen (district)

Tuttlingen is a rural district () in the south of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Rottweil, Zollernalbkreis, Sigmaringen, Constance and Schwarzwald-Baar. The capital is Tuttlingen.

Fridingen

Fridingen is a town of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The town is about east of Tuttlingen, and west of Sigmaringen. It is on the Danube river.


Bärenthal

Bärenthal is a small municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Castasegna

Castasegna was a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Bregaglia.

Castiel, Switzerland

Castiel is a former municipality in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Castiel, Calfreisen, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Aurora, Ohio

Aurora is a city in Portage County, Ohio, United States. There were 17,239 people living there at the 2020 census. It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Norwood, Missouri

Norwood is a city of Wright County, Missouri, United States. The population was 578 at the 2020 census.

Avon, Ohio

Avon is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. The population was 24,847 at the 2020 census.

Avon Lake, Ohio

Avon Lake is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. It is near Lake Erie. 25,206 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is part of Greater Cleveland.

Barberton, Ohio

Barberton is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. 25,191 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is near Akron and is part of the Akron metropolitan area.

Martins Ferry, Ohio

Martins Ferry is a city in Belmont County, Ohio, United States, on the Ohio River. It is the largest city in Belmont County. 6,260 people lived there as of the 2020 census.

Martins Ferry is part of the Wheeling metropolitan area.

Coppet

Coppet is a municipality of the district of Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Forel-sur-Lucens

Forel-sur-Lucens is a former municipality of the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, it is part of the municipality of Lucens.

Dannemarie, Haut-Rhin

Dannemarie is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Piotr Ligienza

Piotr Ligienza (born 31 May 1982) is a Polish actor. He was known for his roles in the series "Ranczo" and "Synowie". He has appeared in the play "Romulus Wielki" (directed by Krzysztof Zanussi).

Ligienza was born in Dzierżoniów, Poland.

Disruptive innovation

Disruptive innovation, sometimes called disruptive technology is the name for a technology or innovation that changes the market: It creates a new market. These new markets are small at first, which makes them uninteresting for established market players. If disruptive innovation is used, the market will grow at a high speed. Eventually, they will replace existing technology, though. An example of this is Flash memory. When it was introduced it was expensive, and capacities were small, compared to hard disks. On the other hand, flash memory is small, and uses little energy. It began to be used in mp3 players and usb flash drives. Eventually, it was used for Solid state disks, which started to replace hard drives.

Clayton M. Christensen first used the term in 1995: Christensen defines a disruptive innovation as a product or service designed for a new set of customers.
"Generally, disruptive innovations were technologically straightforward, consisting of off-the-shelf components put together in a product architecture that was often simpler than [previous] approaches. They offered less of what customers in established markets wanted and so could rarely be initially employed there. They offered a different package of attributes valued only in emerging markets remote from, and unimportant to, the mainstream."

Dessenheim

Dessenheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Ataullah Behmanesh

Ataullah Behmanesh (Persian: ) (April 13, 1923 – July 2, 2017) was an Iranian wrestler and sports journalist. Behmanesh was one of the oldest and most prominent Iranian sports reporters, He conducted the first live sports report in Iran from Radio in 1958 to compete in Iranian and Iraqi national Sport of athletics competitions. 

Behmanesh died of a stroke in Tehran on July 2, 2017 at the age of 94.

Joe Robinson (actor)

Joseph Robinson (31 May 1927 – 3 July 2017) was an English actor and stuntman. He was known for his roles in "A Kid for Two Farthings", "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner", and in "Thor and the Amazon Women".

Robinson died at the age of 90 on July 3, 2017, in Brighton, East Sussex of dementia-related complications.


Irina Ratushinskaya

Irina Borisovna Ratushinskaya (, 4 March 1954, Odessa – 5 July 2017, Moscow) was a Russian dissident, poet and writer.

On September 17, 1982, Ratushinskaya was arrested for anti-Soviet agitation. In April 1983, she was convicted of "agitation carried on for the purpose of subverting or weakening the Soviet regime", sentenced to seven years in a labor camp followed by five years of internal exile. She was released on October 9, 1986, on the eve of the summit in Reykjavík, Iceland between President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev.

Ratushinskaya died on 5 July 2017 in Moscow of cancer at the age of 63.

Diego E. Hernández

Vice Admiral Diego E. Hernandez (March 25, 1934 – July 7, 2017) was a United States Navy officer. He was the first Hispanic to be named Vice Commander of North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). He then underwent flight training and in August 1956, was designated a Naval Aviator.

Hernandez died on July 7, 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 83.

Diane Von Hoffman

Phyllis Burch (April 13, 1962 – July 6, 2017) was an American professional wrestler active from 1979 to 2013. Burch wrestled under the names Diane Von Hoffman, The Teutonic Terror, and Lady Beast. She wrestled in Memphis's United States Wrestling Association in the 1990s as Moondog Fifi, a member of The Moondogs stable. She also wrestled for the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association, Continental Wrestling Association, and Ladies Major League Wrestling.

Hoffman died on July 6, 2017, at the age of 55 after knee surgery.

Elsa Martinelli

Elsa Martinelli (Elisa Tia; 30 January 1935 – 8 July 2017) was an Italian actress and fashion model.

In 1956 she won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 6th Berlin International Film Festival for playing the title role in Mario Monicelli's "Donatella".

Martinelli appeared in "Four Girls in Town" (1957), "Manuela" (1957), "Prisoner of the Volga" (1959), "Hatari!" (1962), "The Pigeon That Took Rome" (1962), "The Trial" (1962), "The V.I.P.s" (1963), "Rampage" (1963), "Woman Times Seven" (1967), and "Candy" (1968).

Martinelli died in Rome on 8 July 2017 of lung cancer at the age of 82.

Ilya Glazunov

Ilya Glazunov (; 10 June 1930 – 9 July 2017) was a Russian artist from Saint Petersburg. He held the title of People's Artist of Russia. He served as a rector at the Russian Academy of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in Moscow (Russian: Российская академия живописи, ваяния и зодчества).

Glazunov's paintings have mostly historic or religious themes. Famous works include "Russia the Eternal", "The 20th Century Mystery", "The Ruining of the Temple on Easter Night", and illustrations to the works of Fyodor Dostoyevsky.

Glazunov died on 9 July 2017 in Moscow at the age of 87.


Anton Nossik

Anton Borisovich Nossik (; July 4, 1966 – July 9, 2017) was a Jewish-Russian start-up manager, journalist, social activist and popular Russian blogger (10th place in RuNet according to Yandex). 

Sometimes he is called one of the "fathers of the Russian Internet"or the first Russian-language blogger in the history. He was editor of the largest online news publications Vesti.ru, Lenta.ru, Gazeta.ru and NEWSru.com.

Nossik died from a heart attack at the night of 9 July 2017 near Moscow at the age of 51.

Paquita Rico

Francisca Rico Martínez (13 October 1929 – 9 July 2017), better known as Paquita Rico, was a Spanish actress and singer. She was born in Triana, Seville. She appeared in 30 movies between 1948 and 1983. She starred in the movie "Let's Make the Impossible!", which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.

Rico died at a hospital in Seville, Spain from pneumonia on 9 July 2017 at the age of 87.

Naresh Chandra

Naresh Chandra (1 August 1934 – 9 July 2017) was an Indian politician. He was born in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. He served as the 20th Cabinet Secretary of India from 1990 through 1992, the 13th Governor of Gujarat from 1995 through 1996 and as the 19th Indian Ambassador to the United States from 1996 through 2001.

Chandra was awarded India's second highest civil awards, the Padma Vibhushan, for his service in 2007.

Chandra died at a hospital in Panaji, Goa, India of multiple organ failure on 9 July 2017 at the age of 82.


Karan Singh

Karan Singh (born 9 March 1931) is an Indian politician, philanthropist and poet. He was born in Cannes, France.

Singh is a member of India's Upper House of Parliament, the Rajya Sabha representing the National Capital Territory of Delhi. He is a senior member of the Indian National Congress Party who served successively as President (Sadr-i-Riyasat) and Governor of Jammu and Kashmir.

Singh is the son of the last ruler of the erstwhile princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, Maharaja Hari Singh. In the 26th amendment to the Constitution of India promulgated in 1971, the Government of India, of which Karan Singh was a Union cabinet minister, abolished all official symbols of princely India, including titles, privileges, and remuneration (privy purses). During the conclusion of the Cold War, he was India's ambassador to the USA. Singh received the Padma Vibhushan in 2005.

Singh was seen as a possible candidate for President in the July 2017 Indian presidential election by Bhim Singh"."


Andrzej Olechowski

Andrzej Marian Olechowski (born 9 September 1947 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish politician. He was one of the co-founders of liberal conservative party Civic Platform in 2001 with Maciej Płażyński and Donald Tusk. He served as Minister of Finance (1992) in the Jan Olszewski's Government and Minister of Foreign Affairs (1993–1995) in the Waldemar Pawlak's Government.

Olechowski was an independent candidate in 2000 presidential election, coming second after incumbent Aleksander Kwaśniewski. In 2002, he was Civic Platform's candidate for president of Warsaw but failed to even get to the second round. Afterwards he began moving away from politics.

He left the Civic Platform in July 2009 and started co-operating with the Democratic Party. He was one of the candidates in the 2010 Polish presidential election, but got only 1.44% of votes and didn't get into the second round.

V. V. Sadagopan

V. V. Sadagopan (born Veeravanallur Vedantam Sadagopan; 29 January 1915) is an Indian movie actor, music teacher, performer and composer. He was a prolific writer in English and Tamil. Apart from articles on music, he has written poetry, lyrics and even a number of stories in Tamil, that were published in Ananda Vikatan.

He acted as the main actor in the Tamil movie "Nava Yuvan" (Modern Youth) that had an alternate title "Geethasaram" (Essence of Gita). Gemini Studios started their movie production in the year 1941 and produced the Tamil movie "Madanakamarajan" which became one of Sadahopan's greatest roles.

Sadagopan was a member of the audition panel of All India Radio (AIR) and also of the experts committee of the Madras Music Academy. 


Buchdorf

Buchdorf is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Georg Vellinger of the CSU party.

List of ambassadors of India to the United States

The Indian Ambassador to the United States is the main representative of India to the United States. They live in the embassy of India in Washington, D.C.



Daiting

Daiting is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Johann Roßkopf.

In the 1980s part of a Archaeopteryx fossil was found in Daiting. It is known as the Daiting Specimen. Scientists believe that it is a new type of Archaeopteryx.

Jane

Jane is a feminine given name:







Jane Doe or Jane Roe is used in American law as a "placeholder name" for anonymous or unknown female participants in legal proceedings. 

Jane Doe is used in United States police investigations when the identity of a female victim is unknown or incorrect, and by hospitals to refer to a female corpse or patient whose identity is unknown.

Deiningen

Deiningen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Karl-Heinz Stippler.

Donauwörth

Donauwörth (; Swabian: "Donawerd") is a town and the capital of the Donau-Ries district in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. It is said to have been founded by two fishermen where the rivers Danube (Donau) and Wörnitz meet. The city is part of the scenic route called "Romantische Straße" (Romantic Road).

The city is located between Munich and Nuremberg, 46 km north of Augsburg.

In 1704 the Battle of Schellenberg (or the Battle of Donauwörth) took place there. This was part of the War of the Spanish Succession, and was fought by John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough against the French. The French were defeated and nearly 5000 of them drowned while trying to escape across the Danube. 

Ederheim

Ederheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Caroline Zehnpfennig.

Ehingen am Ries

Ehingen am Ries is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Paul Fackler.

Forheim

Forheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Werner Thum.

Böttingen

Böttingen is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bubsheim

Bubsheim is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

Casti-Wergenstein

Casti-Wergenstein () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.



Castrisch

Castrisch was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

