When Nevada became a state in 1864 during the Civil War, Carson City was confirmed as Nevada's permanent capital. Abraham Curry, the founder of Carson City, reserved an area equivalent to four city blocks (10 acres or 4.04 ha) at the center of the town for the future state capitol building. When the Capitol building was built ten years later, it was located there. The fourth session of the state legislature met in the still-incomplete building at the beginning of 1871. Construction was completed by May 1, 1871.

There are three major highways in the city US Route 395, US Route 50 and Interstate 580.

Carson City's first bus system, called Jump Around Carson, opened in October 2005. There is almost no ground public transportation to other cities. Passenger train service stopped in 1948. Greyhound Lines stopped bus service there in 2006. Amtrak stopped their bus to Sacramento in 2008. Greyhound and Amtrak have busses to Reno, Monday to Friday.

Carson Airport is in the northern part of the city. Reno-Tahoe International Airport, away, has domestic commercial flights.

Austin, Texas

Austin is the capital city of the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Travis County. Austin is the 11th-largest city in the United States, and the 4th-largest in Texas. Its population in 2020 was 961,855. The University of Texas at Austin is located there.

Austin is frequently called the "Live Music Capital of the World". Several Fortune 500 companies have their main offices (also known as the headquarters) and regional offices in Austin.

Austin was first called Waterloo in 1835. In 1839, it was chosen to be the capital city of The Republic of Texas and named for Stephen F. Austin. The University of Texas at Austin was founded in 1883.

In March 2018, a series of bombings occurred in Austin killing two people.

Austin has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification) with hot summers and mild winters. The city rarely gets snow at all and frosts are infrequent.

The current mayor of Austin is Steve Adler.

Austin also has a city council with ten district representatives plus the mayor.

Many businesses have their main offices in or near Austin, including AMD, Dell, Freescale Semiconductors, PayPal, and Whole Foods.

-6th Street (Also known as Pecan Street): Known for various bars, including old fashioned saloons, dive bars, gay bars, etc. Most of these bars host live music.

-Mount Bonnell: The highest point in Austin, TX. Come here for romantic moments and beautiful nature in front of scenic vistas.

-Capitol Building: Taller than the U.S. Capitol.

-Congress Ave.: One of the main streets of the city. Famous for the bat bridge which hosts millions of Mexican Free-Tail Bats. South Congress Ave. (Aka SOCO) is a famous tourist district with unique and odd shops, trailer park eats, and more live music.

The sports team of the University of Texas at Austin is known as the Texas Longhorns.

Austin is the largest city in the United States without a major-league professional sports team.

Formula One has made an agreement with the city of Austin to host the Formula 1 United States Grand Prix in the city. A new racetrack was built to host the race. The United States Grand Prix began taking place in Austin since 2012.

Montpelier, Vermont

Montpelier 
is a city in the U.S. state of Vermont that serves as the state capital. It is also the shire town (county seat) of Washington County. As the capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the site of the Vermont State House, the seat of the legislative branch of Vermont government. The Vermont State House has a golden dome. The population was 8,074 at the 2020 census. By population, it is the smallest state capital in the United States. The Vermont History Museum and Vermont College of Fine Arts are in Montpelier.

The state legislature made Montpelier the state capital in 1805. 


Concord, New Hampshire

Concord is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The land which Concord now occupies along the banks of the Merrimack River was settled thousands of years ago by Native Americans. The broad sweeps of the river valley, good soil for farming, and easy transportation on the Merrimack made the site of Concord equally inviting to English-speaking settlers in the eighteenth century. Settled by immigrants from Massachusetts in 1725, the community grew in prominence during the eighteenth century. Some of Concord's earliest houses remain today at the north end of Main Street. In the years following the American Revolution, the city's central location made it a logical choice for the state capital, and in 1808 Concord was named the official seat of state government. Today the 1819 State House is the oldest state capitol in which the legislative branches meet in their original chambers.

This area's first settlement in 1659 was named Penacook, for the Indian name Pannukog, meaning crooked place or bend in the river. The first land grant was in 1725, and the town was incorporated as Rumford in 1733. The name was changed to Concord in 1765 upon resolution of a bitter boundary dispute between Rumford and Bow. Its central location was the logical choice for state capital, and Concord was so named in 1808. The State House, built in 1818 and first occupied in 1819, is the oldest in continuous use in the country. In 1853, the State granted Concord a city charter. It was in Concord that the Abbotts built the famous Concord Coach, modeled after the coronation coach for King George III. Granite quarrying has been another major industry, and Concord's quarries supplied granite for the US Library of Congress. Concord was home to Franklin Pierce, 14th President of the United States, following his presidency.

Concord had the tenth largest numeric change in population, totaling 12,777 over 50 years, from 27,988 in 1950 to 40,765 in 2000. The largest decennial percent change was a 22 percent increase between 1980 and 1990; all other decades increased by ten percent or less. At the 2020 census, Concord had 42,336 residents, which ranked third among New Hampshire's incorporated cities and towns.

Trenton, New Jersey

Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is the county seat of Mercer County. Trenton is in the middle part of New Jersey, along the Delaware River.

Santa Fe, New Mexico

Santa Fe (; Tewa: Ogha Po'oge, ) is the capital of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the fourth-largest city in the state. It is the seat of Santa Fe County. Santa Fe (literally 'holy faith' in Spanish) had a population of 87,505 in the 2020 census. It is the principal city of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Santa Fe County and is part of the larger Santa Fe-Española Combined Statistical Area. The city's full name when founded was "La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís" ("The Royal Town of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi").

In 1912, New Mexico became the United States of America's 47th state, with Santa Fe as its capital.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 52.3 square miles (135.6 km), of which, 52.2 square miles (135.3 km) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km) of it (0.21%) is water.

Santa Fe is at 7,199 feet (2134 m) above sea level, making it the highest state capital in the United States.

Santa Fe has many world-class museums. Many are around the historic downtown Plaza or close by:

Others are on Museum Hill:


Albany, New York

Albany ( ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of New York, the seat of Albany County, and the central city of New York's Capital District. Roughly north of New York City, Albany sits on the west bank of the Hudson River, about south of its confluence with the Mohawk River.

Prior to the recession of the 1990s, Albany was home to two Fortune 500 companies: KeyBank and Fleet Bank. Both banks have since moved or merged with other banks.

It is the former home of the AHL ice hockey team the "Albany Devils."The team moved to Binghamton, New York in 2017. They are now the "Binghamton Devils."

Albany is served by the Albany International Airport.
The Empire State Plaza has many state agency office buildings. It fills almost any view of Albany. Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller and architect Wallace Harrison led its construction between 1965 and 1978. The complex is a big example of late American modernism in architecture. It remains a controversial building project both for displacing city residents and for its architectural style. The most recognizable part of the complex is the Erastus Corning Tower. The tower is the tallest building in New York outside of New York City. The 19th-century New York State Capitol at the opposite (north) end of the plaza is the seat of the New York State Legislature and the home of the Governor of New York, currently Andrew Cuomo.
Albany's initial architecture incorporated many Dutch influences, followed soon after by those of the English. The Quackenbush House, a Dutch Colonial brick mansion, was built c. 1736; Schuyler Mansion, a Georgian-style mansion, was built in 1765; and the oldest building currently standing in Albany is the 1728 Van Ostrande-Radliff House at 48 Hudson Avenue. Albany's housing varies greatly, with mostly row houses in the older sections of town, closer to the river. Housing type quickly changes as one travels westward, beginning with two-family homes of the late 19th century, and one-family homes built after World War II in the western end of the city.

Albany City Hall was opened in 1883. The New York State Capitol was opened in 1899 (after 32 years of construction) at a cost of $25 million, making it the most expensive government building at the time. Albany's Union Station, a major Beaux-Arts design, was under construction at the same time; it opened in 1900. In 1912, the Beaux-Arts styled New York State Department of Education Building opened on Washington Avenue near the Capitol. It has a classical exterior, which features a block-long white marble colonnade. The 1920s brought the Art Deco movement, which is illustrated by the Home Savings Bank Building (1927) on North Pearl Street and the Alfred E. Smith Building (1930) on South Swan Street, two of Albany's tallest high-rises.

Architecture from the 1960s and 1970s is well represented in the city, especially at the W. Averell Harriman State Office Building Campus (1950s and 1960s) and on the uptown campus of the SUNY Albany college (1962–1971). The state office campus was planned in the 1950s by governor W. Averell Harriman to offer more parking and easier access for state employees. The uptown SUNY campus was built in the 1960s under Governor Rockefeller on the site of the city-owned Albany Country Club. Straying from the popular open campus layout, noted American architect Edward Durell Stone designed the SUNY Albany campus from 1954 to 1956 with a centralized building layout with administrative and classroom buildings at center surrounded by four student housing towers. The design called for much use of concrete and glass, and the style has slender, round-topped columns and pillars reminiscent of those at Lincoln Center in New York City.


Government

Economy

Culture

Travel

Raleigh, North Carolina

Raleigh (pronounced , ) is the capital and the 2nd most populous city in the U.S. state of North Carolina as well as the county seat of Wake County. Raleigh is known as the "City of Oaks" for its many oak trees. The area is also nicknamed "The Triangle".

Raleigh is part of the Research Triangle area, together with Durham and Chapel Hill. The "Triangle" nickname began after the 1959 plan and construction of the Research Triangle Park, in Durham and Wake Counties. It is in the middle of the three cities and their universities.

The Research Triangle area makes up the U.S. Census Bureau's Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area (CSA). It had an estimated population of 2,242,324 in 2020.

Raleigh was started in 1770. In 1788, it became North Carolina's state capital. The first state fair happened in 1853 and has kept on happening. Raleigh was not hurt by the Civil War. It did not grow much after the Civil War.

In the early 1900s, Raleigh had streetcars, but they got rid of them later. Raleigh got its first TV station in 1956. In 1959, the Research Triangle Park was built. This caused people to move to the area for the jobs. In the late 1900s, Interstate 40 and Interstate 440 (freeways)were built, helping traffic. Since the late 1900s, Raleigh has grown quickly.

On November 28, 1988, Raleigh was hit by a F4 tornado. The tornado formed after a very warm late November day. A line of thunderstorms that was spotted over the Charlotte area during the afternoon hours hit Raleigh just after 1:00 a.m. ET, however the National Weather Service (NWS) issued no tornado or severe thunderstorm watches for the area. They believed the conditions had not support the right for a tornado. There were two fatalities in the city of Raleigh, and four in total.

On April 16, 2011, an EF3 tornado struck Raleigh, killing 24 people in North Carolina and four in Raleigh.

Raleigh is in north-central North Carolina. It is in a hilly area.

Raleigh has a mild climate. The summers are hot, with an average high of about 90 °F (32 °C). The winters are cool, with an average high of about 50 °F (10 °C). It snows about twice a year with a total of six inches (15 centimeters). Raleigh also gets around 45 inches of rain.

Raleigh has a lot of good transportation. Some freeways are Interstate 40, I-440, and I-540. Some highways are U.S. Route 1, 64, and 70, and N.C. highway 50. Raleigh also has a Amtrak station and a big airport.


Bismarck, North Dakota

Bismarck is the capital city of the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is also the county seat of Burleigh County. In 2020, 73,622 people lived there. 133,626 people lived in the metropolitan area.

Bismarck was founded in 1872. It is named in honor of the German chancellor, Otto von Bismarck. It has been North Dakota's capital since it became a state in 1889.

Bismarck is on the east side of the Missouri River, directly across the river from Mandan. The two cities make up most of the Bismarck-Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The North Dakota State Capitol, the tallest building in the state, is in the center of Bismarck. The state government employs more than 4,000 in the city. Bismarck is the economic center of south-central North Dakota and north-central South Dakota with health care and retail businesses.

Columbus, Ohio

Columbus is the capital city and largest city of the U.S. state of Ohio. It is in the middle of the state. The Ohio State Buckeyes and Columbus Blue Jackets play there. In 2020 there were 905,748 people.

Columbus is the second largest city in the American Midwest, and the fourteenth largest city in the United States of America. It is the county seat of Franklin County. The city has expanded and annexed portions of adjoining Delaware County and Fairfield County. It is named for explorer Christopher Columbus. The city was founded in 1812 at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers. It became Ohio's state capital in 1816. The city has a diverse economy based on education, government, insurance, banking, fashion, defense, aviation, food, clothes, logistics, steel, energy, medical research, health care, hospitality, retail, and technology.

Columbus has many technology companies. It has the world's largest private research and development foundation, the Battelle Memorial Institute; CAS, or Chemical Abstracts Service, the world's largest clearinghouse of chemical information; NetJets, the world's largest fractional ownership jet aircraft fleet; and The Ohio State University, the nation's largest campus.

In 2008, "MarketWatch" named Columbus as the 7th best place to do business in the nation. In 2011, the city had five corporations named to the U.S. Fortune 500 list including Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, American Electric Power, Limited Brands, Momentive Specialty Chemicals, and Big Lots. Major foreign corporations operating or with divisions in the city include Germany-based Siemens and Roxane Laboratories, Finland-based Vaisala, Tomasco Mulciber Inc., and A Y Manufacturing, as well as Switzerland-based ABB Group and Mettler Toledo.

Oklahoma City

Oklahoma City is the capital city of the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and the most populous city in the state. As of 2020, the population of the city was about 681,054. In 1995, 168 people were killed by a truck bomb. Oklahoma City has an NBA team called the Oklahoma City Thunder. It is the county seat of Oklahoma County. The city has a large Native American population.

Casablanca (disambiguation)

Casablanca can mean:


Wichita, Kansas

Wichita is the largest city in the U.S. State of Kansas. It is the county seat of Sedgwick County. It is the 50th largest city in the United States. In 2020, 397,532 people lived there. Wichita is the main city of the Wichita metropolitan area; it had an estimated 644,888 people living there in 2018. It is in Sedgwick County, which is in the south-central part of the state.

Many parts of airplanes are made in Wichita. Wichita State University is in the city.

Archaeological evidence says that people have lived near the confluence of the Arkansas and Little Arkansas Rivers (where Wichita is) since 3000 B.C. In 1541, a Spanish trip led by explorer Francisco Vázquez de Coronado found the area populated by the Quivira (or Wichita) people. Fighting with the Osage in the 1750s forced the Wichita people further south. Before Americans came to live in the region, the area was part of the territory of the Kiowa people. The area was part of France as part of Louisiana. It was later bought by the United States with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. It became part of Kansas Territory in 1854. It became part of the state of Kansas in 1861.

The Wichita came back in 1863. They came back because they were forced to leave their land in Indian Territory by Confederate forces in the American Civil War. The Wichita people created a settlement on the banks of the Little Arkansas River.

In 1868, trader James R. Mead created another trading post in the area. Surveyor Darius Munger built a house to use as a hotel, community center, and post office.

Downtown Wichita is at (37.688888, −97.336111). It has an elevation of . Wichita is in south-central Kansas. It is at the junction of Interstate 35 and U.S. Route 54. It is part of the Midwestern United States. It is north of Oklahoma City, southwest of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The city is on the Arkansas River. It is near the western edge of the Flint Hills. It is in the Wellington-McPherson Lowlands region of the Great Plains.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Wichita is in North America's humid subtropical climate area (Köppen "Cfa"). Wichita usually has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.

The average temperature in the city is .

Wichita is the biggest city in Kansas, and it is the 51st largest city in the United States. It is racially more similar to the rest of the United States than any other major city.

The 2020 census says that there were 397,532 people, 158,851 households, and 96,134 families living in Wichita. Of the households, 57.5% owned their home and 42.5% rented their home.

The median age was 35.7 years. Of the people, 63.4% were White, 11.0% were Black, 5.1% were Asian, 1.3% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 7.4% were from some other race, and 11.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 18.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 382,368 people, 151,818 households, and 94,862 families living in Wichita.

Wichita is the main city of both the Wichita Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) and the Wichita-Winfield Combined Statistical Area (CSA). The Wichita MSA includes Sedgwick County, Butler County, Harvey County, and Sumner County. In 2010, 623,061 people lived there. This would make it the 84th largest metropolitan area in the United States.

Famous restaurants such as White Castle and Pizza Hut were created in Wichita.

Wichita's biggest industrial sector is manufacturing. Manufacturing was 21.6 percent of the employment in 2003. Aircraft manufacturing has been the main part of the local economy for a long time. It is so important, that can influence the economic health of the entire region. Kansas gives tax breaks and other incentives to aircraft manufacturers.

Healthcare is Wichita's second-biggest industry. It employs about 28,000 people in the area. Since healthcare needs remain fairly consistent regardless of the economy, this field was not subject to the same pressures that affected other industries in the early 2000s. The Kansas Spine Hospital opened in 2004. A critical care tower at Wesley Medical Center also opened in 2004. In July 2010, Via Christi Health, which is the largest provider of healthcare services in Kansas, opened a hospital that will serve the northwest area of Wichita. Via Christi Hospital on St. Teresa is the system's fifth hospital to serve the Wichita community.

Koch Industries and Cargill, the two largest privately held companies in the United States, both have headquarters in Wichita.

Wichita is a cultural center for Kansas. It has several art museums and performing arts groups. The Wichita Art Museum is the biggest art museum in Kansas. It has over 7,000 works of art. The Ulrich Museum of Art at Wichita State University is a modern and contemporary art museum. It has over 6,300 works of art.

Music Theatre Wichita, Wichita Grand Opera, and the Wichita Symphony Orchestra perform often at the Century II Convention Hall. It is downtown. Concerts happen often by the schools of music at Wichita's two biggest universities.

Wichita has several professional, semi-professional, non-professional, and collegiate sports teams. Professional teams include the Wichita Thunder ice hockey team, the Wichita Force indoor football team, and the Wichita Wind Surge Minor League Baseball team. The city hosts the Air Capital Classic. It is a professional golf tournament of the Web.com Tour. It was first played in 1990.

According to Kansas law, Wichita is a city of the first class. Since 1917, it has had a council-manager form of government.

Wichita is in Kansas's 4th U.S. Congressional District. For the Kansas Legislature, Wichita is in the 16th, 25th32nd districts of the Kansas Senate. It is in the 81st, 83rd101st, 103rd, and 105th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.

Wichita Public Schools (US$259) is the largest school district in Kansas. It has over 50,000 students. It has more than 90 schools in Wichita. It includes 10 high schools, 16 middle schools, 61 elementary schools, and more than a dozen special schools and programs.

There are more than 35 private schools in Wichita.

Three universities are in Wichita. The biggest is Wichita State University (WSU). WSU has more than 14,000 students. It is the third-biggest university in Kansas. WSU's main campus is in northeast Wichita. They have other campuses around the Wichita area. Friends University is a private Christian university. It has its main campus in west Wichita. Newman University is a private Catholic university. It is also in west Wichita.

The Wichita Public Library is Wichita's library system. It has a main facility. It is called the Advanced Learning Library, and it is in Delano. It also has six locations in other neighborhoods around Wichita. The library has several free programs for the public. It includes special events, technology training classes, and programs specifically for adults, children, and families. In 2009, it had more than 1.3 million books and 2.2 million items total.

"The Wichita Eagle" is Wichita's major daily newspaper. It started in 1872. The "Wichita Business Journal" is a weekly newspaper that covers local business events and developments. Several other newspapers and magazines, many of which focus on something specific, are also published in Wichita. These include: "The Community Voice", a weekly African American community newspaper; "El Perico", a monthly Hispanic community newspaper; "The Liberty Press", monthly LGBT news; "Splurge!", a monthly local fashion and lifestyle magazine; "The Sunflower", the Wichita State University student newspaper.

The Wichita radio market includes Sedgwick County, Butler County, and Harvey County. Six AM radio stations and many FM radio stations are in Wichita.

Wichita is the main city of the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. That market covers the western two-thirds of Kansas. All of the market's network affiliates broadcast from Wichita. The ABC, CBS, CW, FOX and NBC affiliates serve the wider market through networks of other stations. The city also hosts a PBS member station, a Univision affiliate, and several low-power stations.

Wichita has had bad floods of the Arkansas River in 1877, 1904, 1916, 1923, 1944, 1951 and 1955. In 1944, Wichita flooded 3 times in 11 days. Because of the 1944 flood, Wichita built the Wichita-Valley Center Floodway in 1958. It makes the water go around Wichita.

Westar Energy gives electricity. Cox Communications and Spectrum offer cable television. AT&T U-Verse offers IPTV. Those three companies also offer home telephone and broadband internet service. Kansas Gas Service provides natural gas.

Wichita Transit has 53 buses. There are 18 bus routes in Wichita. They say there are over 2 million trips per year (5,400 trips per day) on its routes. Wichita Transit also has a paratransit service. It has 320,800 passenger trips every year.

The Wichita Airport Authority manages the city's two main public airports. The airports are Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport and Colonel James Jabara Airport. Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport is in western Wichita. It is the city's main airport. It is also the biggest airport in Kansas.

Two Class I railroads, BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad (UP), operate freight rail lines through Wichita. The closest Amtrak station is in Newton. It is north. Amtrak offers service on the "Southwest Chief" line between Los Angeles and Chicago.

Wichita has not had passenger rail service since 1979.


Official sites

More information

Casablanca (movie)

Casablanca is a 1942 American movie set in Casablanca, Morocco during World War II. It stars Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. From the time of its debut, it has been called one of the greatest movies ever made.


The Godfather

The Godfather is a 1972 American crime movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It is based on Mario Puzo's novel of the same name. Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola wrote the screenplay. Its lead stars are Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. The movie is about the history of the Corleone crime family. It takes the story up to Michael Corleone becoming crime boss in 1955. It is the first movie in "The Godfather" trilogy.

It is considered one of the greatest movies of all time and the best gangster movie and movie about the Mafia. 

It is the year 1945 in New York City. Vito Corleone leads the Corleone crime family. He is the Don (Crime Boss/Godfather) of the family. His daughter Connie is marrying Carlo. Vito's youngest son is Michael, and his girlfriend is Kay Adams. Johnny Fontane wants a movie role. The director Jack Woltz says no. Vito has Jack's favorite horse beheaded, and Jack gives in. 

Sollozzo wants Vito to enter his drug business. Vito says no and says it would be bad for his political connections. Vito sends Luca Brasi to the Tattaglia crime family. At the meeting, Luca is killed with a piano wire. Other workers from the Tattaglia family gun down Vito and capture Tom Hagen. Vito survives and ends up in a hospital. Sonny, Vito's oldest son, now leads the crime family. Sonny has Bruno Tattaglia killed. Michael visits Vito and watches him at the hospital. Police captain Mark McCluskey beats Michael when he leaves. 

Sollozzo and McCluskey want to meet with Michael. Michael agrees to the meeting. Michael, Sonny, and Clemenza plan a way to murder the two. Clemenza places a gun at the meeting place at a Bronx restaurant beforehand. During the meeting, Michael gets the gun and shoots the two men. Michael quietly leaves the restaurant. 

There is now open war among the Five Families. Michael flees to Sicily, Italy. Fredo, Vito's middle son, stays in Las Vegas. Moe Greene protects Fredo. Carlo is abusive to his wife, Connie. For this, Sonny publicly attacks Carlo. Carlo is abusive again. Sonny drives to their home. At a highway booth, men shoot him many times and kill him. Michael marries Apollonia in Italy. A car bomb that was for Michael kills her.  

Vito is better and hears about his son's death. He sets up a meeting with the Five Families. At the meeting, Vito promises he will not get back at them for his son and will enter the drug business. Michael returns home to New York because he is safe now. Michael marries Kay and has two children. Michael starts taking over the family business. Vito tells Michael that Dan Barzini is responsible for Sonny's death. Michael sends Tom Hagen to Las Vegas and gets advice from his father. Michael wants to move his family to Las Vegas and meets with Moe Greene. He learns that Fredo is more loyal to Greene than to the Corleone family.

Vito dies of a heart attack in 1955. There is a large funeral. At the funeral, Tessio says that Barzini wants to meet. Michael now knows that Tessio is a traitor, because Barzini is a traitor. Michael has all the five family bosses, Tessio and Greene, killed. At the same time, Michael has the baptism of his son. Michael has Carlo confess to Sonny's murder and says he is now in exile. However, Clemenza murders Carlo with a wire. Kay asks Michael if it is true what Carlo said. Michael denies it. Capos pay respect to Michael, the new "Don Corleone". 


The movie is based on the book "The Godfather" by Mario Puzo. The book was very popular. It was a New York Times best seller for 67 weeks. The novel takes place from 1945 to 1955. It tells the story of Vito Corleone from childhood to adulthood. Paramount Pictures wanted to make a movie about the novel. The studio gave Puzo money to finish the novel so it could be filmed. Paramount originally wanted to make the film for $80,000 and release it in 1971.

The film's main plot is the same as the book. However, a few things in the novel are not in the movie. Some subplots and backstories are not in the film. For instance, Johnny Fontane and Lucy Mancini are more developed in the book. The book also gives a background to the villain Jack Woltz. The childhood of Vito Corleone is not in the film. In the book, Johnny Fontane goes to Hollywood. In the end, Kay Corleone accepts Michael as the new boss over the family. She realizes how heartless her husband is.

The characters in the movie are the same in the book. Both the book and the movie are about the Corleone crime family. Vito Corleone serves as the crime boss. Vito Corleone and the other characters are not based on real-life people. However, some characters connect to real-life mobsters. These include the real "Five Families" in New York. Real-life mobsters like Frank Costello and Carlo Gambino were a basis for Vito Corleone. Johnny Fontane is based on Frank Sinatra. 

Paramount wanted Italian-Americans in the movie. Robert Evans and others from Paramount believed that their last film, "The Brotherhood", was unsuccessful because there were no Italian-Americans. Paramount first wanted Sergio Leone to direct the film. The studio also went to Peter Bogdanovich, Peter Yates, Richard Brooks, Arthur Penn, Costa-Gavras, and Otto Preminger. All of them said no to the movie. Francis Ford Coppola, who would direct the film, said no at first. He thought the book was "cheap stuff". He changed his mind because of finances and advice from others. 

There was much tension between Coppola and Paramount. Francis Ford Coppola wanted the movie to be in the 1940s and 1950s like the book. He also wanted a larger budget to make the film in New York City and Sicily. Paramount allowed this because the book was so popular. The studio had wanted a low-budget film because previous films were unsuccessful. Coppola did many screen tests, which cost money. There were disagreements about whether to have Marlon Brando and Al Pacino in the film. Coppola wanted the actors, but Evans did not. Some people wanted to fire Coppola, but he eventually had several people fired.
Both Puzo and Coppola worked on the screenplay separately. Paramount paid Puzo $100,000 to write the script. Puzo wanted to stick to his book. This was the first screenplay Puzo had written. Coppola wanted to emphasize the themes of culture, character, power, and family. Coppola created a booklet with pages from "The Godfather" and made notes on 50 scenes. The final script was completed on March 29, 1971 and was 163 pages long. The Italian-American Civil Rights League, led by Joseph Colombo, wanted words like "mafia" and "Cosa Nostra" not to be used in the film. Any of these words in the script were replaced with other words.   

Puzo and Coppola wanted to have Marlon Brando play Vito Corleone. Paramount was against this and wanted Ernest Borgnine. Other people considered for the role were George C. Scott, Richard Conte, Anthony Quinn and Orson Welles. Borgnine and Brando were the two finalists. Paramount would only cast Brando under certain conditions. Brando would have to do a screen test, earn less for the film, and was not allowed to cause any problems.

For Michael Corleone, Paramount wanted  Warren Beatty or Robert Redford. Robert Evans wanted Ryan O'Neal. Coppola wanted Al Pacino. Dustin Hoffman, Martin Sheen, and James Caan auditioned as well. At first, James Caan was to play Michael. Coppola convinced Evans to have Pacino play Michael. Paramount chose actors based on their heights. For instance, they chose Caan because he was short, like Pacino. 

Al Martino was a singer. He wanted to play Johnny Fontane. Coppola removed him and replaced him with Vic Damone. Martino went to his crime boss. The boss published papers about Coppola switching the roles. Eventually, Damone gave up the part to please the mob. Robert De Niro originally wanted to play Paulie Gatto, but he quit. Johnny Martino took his place. The actors Diane Keaton, John Cazale, and Gianni Russo got their roles in the film. Coppola gave his family members roles. They included his sister Talia Shire, his daughter Sofia and his father, Carmine.

Actors could practice the script for two weeks before filming. The two weeks ended with a dinner, where everyone had to play their roles. Most of the film was shot in real locations in New York City and Sicily. Filming was in New York City from March 29, 1971, to July 2, 1971, and in Sicily until August 6, 1971. After filming, scenes from the film were removed. Most of these scenes did not add to the plot.

Coppola worked with cinematographer Gordon Willis. They did not use modern filming techniques. Instead, they used the "tableau format". Tableau shots are when actors and objects are in the picture like a painting. The two used light and darkness and shadows to show psychological changes. The scenes in Sicily are softer and more romantic than the ones in New York.

There were many different real shooting locations. The opening wedding scene was shot on Staten Island. The scene with a beheaded horse used a real horse. The horse had already been beheaded before the film used it. The scene was filmed at Sands Point Preserve on Long Island. The murder of Sonny was filmed at Mitchel Field in Uniondale, New York. Sonny's car was a 1941 Lincoln Continental. Several scenes were filmed at Filmways in East Harlem. The Corleone olive oil business was on Mott Street in New York City. There were over 120 locations in New York City. The scenes in Las Vegas were filmed on location. In Sicily, scenes were in Savoca and Forza d'Agrò. 

Coppola hired Nino Rota to be the composer for the film. He wrote several pieces, including the "Love Theme." Rota used some of his music from "Fortunella" (1958). Evans did not like the music, but Coppola convinced Evans to keep it. Coppola thought the music made the film more Italian. Coppola's father, Carmine Coppola, also composed some music. Other music in the film include Cherubino's aria, "Non so più cosa son" from "Le Nozze di Figaro" by Mozart and "C'è la luna mezzo mare", a Sicilian song.
"The Godfather" was first released in theaters at Loews's State Theatre in New York City on Tuesday, March 14, 1972. "The Godfather" was also on television on NBC. The first half was on November 16, 1974 and the second half on November 18, 1974. "The Godfather: The Coppola Restoration" restored the original video and was released in 2008.

The movie was a financial success. It was the highest-grossing film in 1972. On its first day in theaters, the film made about $58,000. Tickets were about $3 to $4.00. In the opening weekend, the film made about $241,000 in New York and about $300,000 in total. The film made about $10 million in one week. This was a record at the time. It made over $100 million in 18 weeks. This was another record. It was the fastest film to reach that number. "The Godfather" was the number one film for over 23 weeks. The film would eventually make about $134,000,000. 

"The Godfather" received very positive reviews. The film has a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics said the movie went beyond expectations and created new standards for cinema. They praised the cinematography and said it was revolutionary. Roger Ebert wrote that the film is completely absorbing and has many complex character interactions. Critics and other directors praised the cast. They said it was one of the best. Many said that Coppola should get the most praise. The film has a 100 out of 100 on Metacritic with "universal acclaim". 

At the Golden Globe Awards, the film got nominations for Best Picture – Drama, James Caan for Best Supporting Actor, Al Pacino and Marlon Brando for Best Actor – Drama, Best Score, Best Director, and Best Screenplay. The film went on to win Best Screenplay, Best Director, Best Actor – Drama (Brando), Best Original Score, and Best Picture – Drama. 

The film got 11 nominations at the Academy Awards. They included: Best Picture, Best Costume Design, Marlon Brando for Best Actor, Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola for Best Adapted Screenplay, Pacino, Caan, and Robert Duvall for Best Supporting Actor, Best Film Editing, Nino Rota for Best Original Score, Coppola for Best Director, and Best Sound. The movie won Best Actor for Brando, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Picture. 

The film got five nominations at the British Academy Film Awards, including Pacino for Most Promising Newcomer, Rota for the BAFTA Award for Best Original Music, Duvall for Best Supporting Actor, and Brando for Best Actor, the film's costume designer Anna Hill Johnstone for Best Costume Design. The film won for Film Music.   

Brando boycotted the Academy Awards and rejected the Golden Globe Award. He did this because he did not like how the movie industry showed Native Americans. Pacino also boycotted the Academy Award. He did not want the award for Best Supporting Actor, but Best Actor. 

"The Godfather" was chosen to be part of the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1990. The film is on several lists of the American Film Institute. It is number 3 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies, number 11 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, number 5 in AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores and number 1 in AFI's 10 Top 10 Gangster Film. In "Sight & Sound" director's poll, the film got 6th place in 1992, 2nd place in 2002 and 7th place in 2012. In a 1998 "Time Out" poll, the film was ranked the best movie ever. In 1999, "Entertainment Weekly" named the film the best of all time. The National Society of Film Critics voted the film No. 39 out of the top 100 essential movies. "Time" magazine named the film one of the top 100 films of all time. The film got second place in BBC's 100 Greatest American Films list. 

A sequel, "The Godfather Part II", was released in 1974 and won another Best Picture Oscar. It was the only sequel to do so until 2003's . The third movie in "The Godfather" trilogy, "The Godfather Part III", came out in 1990. The critics thought it was not as good as the other two movies. 

Many films about the Italian-American Mafia came after "The Godfather" trilogy. One notable film is "Goodfellas" by Martin Scorsese. A study found that over 81 percent of all films about Italian-American mobsters were created after "The Godfather". There are about ten films each year on the subject. 

In 2012, the book "The Godfather Effect" showed the influence of "The Godfather" trilogy. The book was a critical success. The study shows how the films changed views on Italian-American immigrants. It also changed how Americans saw their own national identities. The movies changed how Hollywood showed Italians. They removed stereotypes about Italian-Americans. The films tried to show the Mafia realistically and from the criminals' perspective. "The Godfather" trilogy changed the gangster genre. The family is central in the movies. There are no reckless and brutal criminals, but criminals who protect and support the family. The movies were also about the failures of the American Dream. "The Godfather" opens with the words, "I believe in America". The movie shows the corruption of American business. The films reflected public opinion. People were unhappy with events like the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal. The film also showed the darker side of the American Dream and conflicts between family and business. 

Other movies and TV shows have referenced or parodied "The Godfather". Brando himself played Vito in the parody comedy film "The Freshman" (1990). In "Saturday Night Live", John Belushi played Vito Corleone in a therapy session. "The Sopranos" referenced quotes from the film. "The Simpsons" refers several times to the film like the scenes of the beheaded horse and Sonny's murder. "Modern Family" parodied the baptism scene. The arctic shrew Mr. Big in "Zootopia" is a parody of Vito Corleone. The 2006 video game "The Godfather" is based on the movie. "The Offer" is a TV show with ten episodes. It is based on the development of "The Godfather". "Francis and The Godfather" will be a film about the making of "The Godfather". It will star Oscar Isaac as Francis Ford Coppola. 



Venus flytrap

The Venus flytrap ("Dionaea muscipula") is a carnivorous plant (a plant that eats small animals, such as insects). Carnivorous plants grow in soil that has little nitrogen. They get nitrogen from the insects they trap. This nitrogen is used to make intravenous food like proteins and fats.

The Venus flytrap is one of a very small group of plants that can snap shut very quickly. When an insect or spider crawls along the leaves and touches a hair, the trap closes "only if a different hair is touched within twenty seconds of the first touch". The two-touch trigger means that little energy is wasted on things that are not food.

The Venus flytrap is a small plant, with small leaves. Its clam-shaped leaves look rather like flowers, and so they attract insects. When they are open, they are red and smell sweet. They have stiff hairs on each edge. Inside the leaves, there are very sensitive, tiny hairs which cause the leaves to snap shut when they are touched. Two hairs must be touched to make the leaves close. This makes it more likely that the thing that touched its hair is living.Then it secretes juices to digest the insect

The Venus flytrap feeds on insects, such as ants, beetles, woodlice, worms, flies, grasshoppers, and moths.
First it traps the insect inside its leaves, and then lets out a liquid that helps digest the trapped animal. The plant consumes the insect and takes the nitrogen from the insect's body.

The Venus flytrap makes sugar by photosynthesis. The insects give it nutrients which it cannot get from the waterlogged soil. With the nutrients it can build up enzymes and other molecules which need trace elements as well as sugars and amino acids.

Venus flytraps were first discovered in North America on the coast of North and South Carolina, where it grows wild near the Cape Fear River. However, people anywhere can grow Venus flytraps in pots. Venus flytraps in pots need water and soil without calcium or nitrogen in it. It is named after the Roman goddess of love, Venus.


Prime number

A prime number is a natural number of a particular kind. Any natural number is equal to 1 times itself. If the number is equal to any other natural numbers multiplied, then the number is called a composite number. The smallest composite number is 4, because 2 x 2 = 4. 1 is not a composite number. Every other number is a prime number. The prime numbers are the numbers other than 1 which are "not" equal to formula_1 (except 1 times itself). The smallest prime number is 2. The next prime numbers are 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13. There is no largest prime number. The set of prime numbers is sometimes written as formula_2.

The fundamental theorem of arithmetic states that every positive integer can be written as a product of primes in a unique way, though the way the prime numbers occur is a difficult problem for mathematicians. When a number is larger, it is more difficult to know if it is a prime number. One of the answers is the prime number theorem. One of the unsolved problems is Goldbach's conjecture.

One of the most famous mathematicians of the classical era, Euclid, recorded a proof that there is no largest prime number. However many scientists and mathematicians are still searching to find it as part of the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search.

There is a simple method to find a list of prime numbers. Eratosthenes created it. It has the name Sieve of Eratosthenes. It catches numbers that are not prime (like a sieve), and lets the prime numbers pass through.

The method works with a list of numbers, and a special number called "b" that changes during the method. As one goes through the method, they circle some numbers in the list and cross out others. Each circled number is prime and each crossed-out number is composite. At the start, all the numbers are plain: not circled and not crossed out.

The method is always the same:


For example, one could carry out this method on a list of the numbers from 2 to 10. At the end, the numbers 2, 3, 5, and 7 will end up circled. These are prime numbers. The numbers 4, 6, 8, 9 and 10 will be crossed out. These are composite numbers.

This method or algorithm takes too long to find very large prime numbers. However, it is less complicated than methods used for very large primes, such as Fermat's primality test (a test to see whether a number is prime or not) and the Miller-Rabin primality test.

Prime numbers are very important in mathematics and computer science. Very long numbers are hard to solve. It is difficult to find their prime factors, so most of the time, numbers that are probably prime are used for encryption and secret codes. For example:






Igloo

An igloo is a shelter (a place for people to stay warm and dry) made from blocks of snow placed on top of each other, often in the shape of a dome like half of a hollow ball. They were used in winter as temporary shelters by hunters when they were away from their regular homes.

They were most often built in places where a lot of snow covers the land for weeks or months at a time, such as the far north of Canada and Greenland. Most igloos are built by native Inuit people (sometimes called "Eskimoes"). As they learned to build them better, sometimes people would build larger igloos that would last longer and hold more people, even for dancing.

Dust (disambiguation)

Dust is fine, solid particles of matter.

Dust may also mean:

For articles on how the word "dust" is used as a technical term in physics, astronomy, cosmology, and
environmental science, see:

The Phantom of the Opera

The Phantom of the Opera () is a French novel by Gaston Leroux. It was published in 1910. An English edition came out a year later.

The book was adapted to a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber in 1986. The musical was made into a movie in 2004.

Movie versions include one starring Lon Chaney in 1925, one from 1943 with Claude Rains, another from 1962 with Herbert Lom, and "The Phantom of the Paradise" (1974). The story has been adapted to made for television movies several times.
The band iron maiden made a song name the phanTom of the Opera from their self titled album iron maiden.

Fleet, Hampshire

Fleet is a town in Hampshire, United Kingdom and tends to be a dormitory town serving London and Reading.

Fleet has one shopping center, and a music shop just off the High Street and many small, fun attractions.

There are a number of pubs there with some character, and even two small nightclubs. It has a lot of green, and is good for rambling but there is the danger of a field being an army firing range.

Its local business parks seem to be a focus for many CAD companies serving the local military in Fleet, Aldershot, and Farnborough. Notably there are AutoDesk and PTC.

There are also many good schools especially Heatherside Infant and Juniors and Court Moor!

It has its own train station on the London-Basingstoke line. It also has bus services running to and from local towns, including Reading. The local bus company did go bust a few times, notably at the same time as the major plague of train accidents and strikes in early 2002 - where combined with large snow deposits, made travel in or out of the town impossible or at least very unpleasant. Anyone who lived on the London-Basingstoke line will remember people being crammed into the guard-vans of the train after waiting 90 minutes, or being stuck between stations for what seemed like days.

Hentai

Hentai is a Japanese word that literally means "strange appearance", but also means "perverted". Hentai, because of this, is a word used by countries outside of Japan to show porn and sex-related anime, manga and video games. The word is not used to mean this in Japan. In Japan, terms such as "ecchi" are used.

The word hentai is sometimes used to apply to cartoon characters that are not anime characters. Hentai is the anime version of porn. There is on screen sex, often very graphic and very imaginative. Since hentai is anime, the performers are not bound by physical laws. Makers of hentai often use this in very creative ways. Some of the acts performed in hentai would be physically impossible. Some of the performers are often impossible themselves. Fairies, monsters, and even new and strange creatures are stars of hentai. Monsters and demons with tentacles are seen so often that “tentacle porn” is its own sub-category of hentai.

Most of the hentai (anime)-films in the late 1990s to the present day are based on Ero-Games, where the goal is to date the girls in the game and have sex with one or more of them. The games feature various character-types, like a bookworm, a tough girl, a younger girl, and a tomboy. Ero-games can include highly taboo themes, such as coprophilia or dismemberment, pedophilia (also called lolicon and shotacon), and rape. Sometimes slightly less taboo subjects, such as incest.

Famous hentai films and series include:

Rapping

Rapping is a type of vocals, like singing. It is different to singing because it is more like talking, but timed with rhythm over music. Someone who raps is called a rapper, or sometimes an MC. That stands for Master of Ceremonies.

Rapping can be done over music of many types (or genres), including jazz, house, reggae and many more. One genre of music that includes a lot of rapping is hip hop. What people think of as rapping today, was started by African Americans in New York City, USA, in the 1970s. People would talk over disco music DJs at parties, and this gradually evolved into rapping. But, the start of the art of rapping is even older. Reggae artists in Jamaica used a similar style to rapping from the 1950s. Going back further than that, the West African Griots (travelling musicians and poets) would also rap over tribal drums in the 1400s.

Today rapping is a very popular style of vocals. Many of the best selling artists in the world use it in their music.

Snowboarding

Snowboarding is a sport that is much like skiing. A person stands on a snowboard and rides down a mountain covered with snow. A snowboard is a flat board with bindings that hold your feet in place while gliding down the mountain. It is different from skiing because both feet are on one board - like surfing.

Some snowboarders like to ride over jumps and do tricks.

The snowboard was born in the seventy's through the imagination of several different Americans.

The original idea was born in 1965 through Sherman Poppen. He invented the ‘’snurfer ‘’, which was made of two skis fixed together, as a gift to his daughter. It soon became very popular, so he licensed it to the Brunswick Corporation who sold about a million over the next 10 years.

In the mid-1970s Dimitrije Milovich created a snowboard inspired by the surfing board called the 'Winterstick'. Finally, in 1977 Jake Burton Carpenter helped by Tom Sims and Chuck Barfoot created the first snowboard model, which made them very rich.

During the eighty's, the sport became very popular. In 1982 the first National Snowboard race was held in Vermont at Suicide Six. The number of windsurfering and snowboarding stations grew very fast everywhere there was snow and mountains.

Snowboarding was first recommended to join the Olympic program in 1996 by the Olympic council in Atlanta. Two years later, some competitions like the Big slalom and the Half-pipe took place in The Olympic Nagano games.

Snowboarders must wear hot and good quality clothes against the cold temperature. They wear also some ski goggles to protect their eyes from reflection of the sun on the snow, against the snow and the wind that can be very hurtful. It is essential to have a good view during the ride. The board that they used has to be fitted by squares on all its length that allow snowboarders to practice this sport even if there is not a lot of snow. Also, the snowboard is equipped with binding to provide snowboarders solidity and stability. The security attach have to be firmly tied on the binding and clip on one of your boots adapted to this sport. Wearing a helmet is strongly recommended.

There are two possible positions on the board. First of all, there is the regular one. With this position, your right foot is placed in the back. The second one is called goofy where you have to put your left foot in the back. The choice between those two positions is personal to everyone. Contrary to what everybody can thinks, goofys are not necessary left-handed or regulars right-handed. In fact, seventy-five percent of the people are regulars. Because the board make a curve in the front and in the back, it can glide on the two sides. In addition, the board called twin-tips is perfectly symmetric, so it allows windsurfers to glide in switch (when the favorite foot is in the back) or in normal-foot (when the favorite foot is in the front).

Aquamarine

Aquamarine is a gemstone, named for its blue-green color, which looks like some shallow seas. It is a type of beryl. The color aquamarine is named for the gemstone. It is considered as a birthstone of March.

Trinitrotoluene

Trinitrotoluene (Abbreviated TNT) () more specifically 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene, is a powerful nitroaromatic explosive, occasionally used as a reagent in chemical synthesis.

TNT was first made in 1863 by Julius Wilbrand and originally used as a yellow dye. It was not recognized as an explosive for 28 years, until the chemist Carl Häussermann discovered its explosive properties in 1891.
The German military started filling artillery shells with TNT 1902. TNT-filled shells would explode after they had broken through the armour of ships, whereas the British -filled shells exploded when they hit the armour, wasting energy outside the ship. The British started replacing Pciric acid with TNT in 1907.

TNT is one of the world's most commonly used explosives, in the military, mining, and industrial operations.

TNT is often blended with other explosives to get desired properties.

Spore

Spores are the way fungi and some non-seed plants (ferns and mosses) reproduce. They are also made by bacteria for long-term survival. Some protozoa also make long-term survival spores.

The spores of seed plants are single cells that grow into a pollen grain or the gametophyte inside the ovule. The structure of seeds in higher plants is more complicated than spores. The main 'innovation' of seeds is their nutrition for the developing embryo, which spores do not have.

Fungi (for example, mushrooms) produce spores, which may be asexual or sexual. The asexual spores have inside them the genetic material to make a whole new organism identical to its parent.

Conidia are asexual, non-motile spores of a fungus; they are also called mitospores due to the way they are generated through the cellular process of mitosis. They are haploid cells genetically identical to the haploid parent, can develop into a new organism if conditions are favorable, and serve in dispersal.

Asexual reproduction in Ascomycetes (the Phylum Ascomycota) is by the formation of conidia, which are borne on specialized stalks called conidiophores. The morphology of these specialized conidiophores is often distinctive of a specific species and can therefore be used in identification of the species.


Bacterial spores are extremely resistant. Spores of tetanus and anthrax, for example, can survive in the soil for many years. The origin of these spores was discovered in the 19th century, when a biologist noticed, under the microscope, a small, round, bright body inside bacterial cells. This survived even when the bacteria were boiled for five minutes. This killed the bacteria, but not the spores. They germinated when conditions were right.

Plants have alternation of generations. One of the generations is the sporophyte, which produces spores by meiosis, and the other is the gametophyte with produces gametes.

Radiohead

Radiohead are an English rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The lead singer and songwriter of the band is Thom Yorke, who also plays guitar and piano. Thom is known for his high voiced singing style. The band is known for their different style of rock music.

The band has five members, and three of them play guitar. In their early years, Radiohead was known for their layered and heavy guitar sound. In later years, the band began using other instruments too, and creating more electronic sounds. The band still performs live and attracts large crowds of fans to sold-out concerts, even though they play many different styles of music.

They have created nine albums so far, the most recent being "A Moon Shaped Pool" (2016).

Radiohead started in 1985. The members of the band went to school together at Abingdon School, a boys' school in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The band first called themselves "On a Friday". The band would usually rehearse on Friday in their school's music room.

On A Friday signed a contract with EMI, a large record label, in 1991. They changed their name to "Radiohead". This name came from the song "Radio Head" on the album "True Stories" by Talking Heads. They released their first EP, called "Drill", in May 1992. It was not very popular. Radiohead started work on their first album. It was called "Pablo Honey" and it was recorded in 1992 in a studio in Oxford. They released their first single, "Creep", late in 1992. They released "Pablo Honey" in February 1993. Initially, the album was going to be released also in late 1992 but was delayed. The album did not become popular, but "Creep" did, and the band got a lot of fans because of it. At the time, Radiohead's style of music was not very popular, and people said it sounded like Nirvana, but was not as good. They said that other Britpop bands, like Suede, were better. "Creep" was played on the radio at a lot of colleges around the world, however. When Radiohead went on tour in the United States in early 1993, the music video for "Creep" was being played frequently on MTV.

Radiohead made an EP in 1994. This was called "My Iron Lung", and contained the title single, and seven songs known as B-sides (because they were not on a full-length album). The main song, "My Iron Lung", was about the way fans had reacted to their song "Creep". The band was happy the song had been a hit, because otherwise they might not have been able to continue the band. But the band, especially Thom Yorke, were reluctant to be celebrities. They were already disturbed by the workings of the music industry. They felt they had no control over things. "Creep" was popular, so they felt under pressure to make more similar songs. They hated the way "Creep" was the only Radiohead song anyone listened to at their concerts, yet it was all that was keeping them popular and afloat in the record industry. The "iron lung" was a metaphor for such a "life support".

Their second normal album, "The Bends", came out in 1995. The album was going to released in late 1994 but was also delayed. The song "My Iron Lung" was on it, along with 11 new ones. The band released four more songs as singles: "Fake Plastic Trees", "High and Dry", "Just" and "Street Spirit [Fade Out]". None of these songs were as popular as "Creep" around the world. Radiohead was now a one-hit wonder to many people in America. Songs from "The Bends" did not get played on the radio very much there. But the album became very popular in Radiohead's home of the UK. It also got excellent reviews from music critics, unlike the band's first album. Many said it was one of the best rock records in memory. The album was produced by John Leckie, a veteran at EMI's Abbey Road studios. As a young man Leckie had assisted on Pink Floyd albums in the 1970s.

The band's lineup was the same for "The Bends". Thom Yorke and Ed O'Brien played rhythm and auxiliary guitar; Thom sang and Ed sang backup. Phil Selway played drums and percussion. Colin Greenwood played bass guitar. Radiohead's lead guitarist was Jonny Greenwood, Colin's younger brother. Jonny was also younger than any of the other members. Jonny was the only member of the band who did not graduate from university. He was also the only member who had attended music school. Jonny had had to leave university after a few months to join Radiohead on a tour when they became popular. But he played in an orchestra when he was young, and he had a knowledge of classical and experimental music and jazz. Thus, Jonny became the band's musical expert. At this stage he already played many instruments, such as keyboard.

It was Jonny's complex and cathartic guitar solos in songs like "Just" and "The Bends" that soon began to attract notice. So did his simpler playing in other songs. The circle of Radiohead fans began to grow. Thom Yorke's lyrics also began talking about larger more political themes during this time. Mostly, they were still about personal disappointments, loves, losses, depression, unease, and anger. But Thom wrote songs like "Fake Plastic Trees" and "Street Spirit" which found the source of the unease in the larger structure of society, not the individual.

Radiohead's style of music had gotten more mature, according to most people, without changing too much. Some others felt their songwriting had improved so much it was no longer unrecognizable. The band used more keyboards and acoustic guitar this time, and made a more subtle atmosphere. But electric guitars were the main instrument used on the record. Some of Radiohead's influences this time were: the post-punk band Magazine, the singer-songwriter Jeff Buckley, Morrissey's (former Smiths singer) "Vauxhall & I", and the music of R.E.M. That band had inspired Radiohead from the beginning. Radiohead would get a chance to tour with them in summer 1995, after releasing the album. Lead singer Michael Stipe became a friend and mentor to Thom, and also a public fan of Radiohead. In 1995 he said "they're so good, they're scary".

The band's influences had expanded once more by the time of their next album "OK Computer".

With "OK Computer" (released in 1997), the band started the next section of their career. They started using more sounds from electronic music. They released the album "Kid A" (released in 2000, was initially going to release sometime in late 1999) which had a lot less use of guitar than on previous albums, but was still called one of their best albums (with some people calling it their best). An album of songs recorded during this time, but that did not appear on "Kid A" was released, called "Amnesiac" (released in 2001). In 2003 they released the album "Hail To The Thief" which was a return to a sound with more guitars and less use of electronic sounds. In 2007 they released "In Rainbows". It was first released for free on the band's website, then released properly on January 1, 2008. The album was delayed two times. It was going to be released in late 2005, then it was going to be released sometime in 2006, before finally being released in 2007.

After this, they went on to release "The King of Limbs" (2011) and "A Moon Shaped Pool" (2016), which both garnered critical and popular acclaim. Additionally, they released TKOL RMX 1234567 (2011), an album of collaborations with the likes of Four Tet, Jamie XX, and Caribou and an remix of OK Computer named "OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017" (2017). Their most recent album is "KID A MNESIA" (2021), an extended and reworked version of Kid A which is over 2 hours long.

Radiohead has been nominated five times at the BRIT Awards.
Radiohead has received three awards from fourteen nominations at the Grammy Awards.

Radiohead has received one Ivor Novello Award.
Radiohead has received four Mercury Prize nominations.
Radiohead has received one award from ten nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Radiohead has received one nomination at the PLUG Awards.
Radiohead has received two awards from the Q Awards.


Ladino language

Ladino (also called Judeo-Spanish) is a Jewish Romance language that is very close to the Spanish language. It has many old Spanish words and Hebrew words.

During the Middle Ages, many Jews lived in Spain. They were called Sephardic Jews or "Sephardim" (in Hebrew). Forced to leave Spain after the country was taken over by Christians, they brought the old Spanish with them to their new countries. Some Sephardic Jews still speak Ladino in Israel, Turkey, Bulgaria, the United States, and other countries.

Like many other Jewish languages, Ladino is an endangered language, is in danger of language death. It could become an extinct language. Most native speakers are old because many of them who emigrated to Israel and did not pass on the language to their children or grandchildren. In some Sephardic Jewish communities in Latin America and elsewhere, there is a threat of dialect levelling by the extinction by assimilation into modern Spanish.

Ladino is usually written by using the Latin alphabet but in Israel, it uses the Hebrew alphabet.
Ladino should not be confused with the Ladin language, which is related to the Swiss Romansh and Friulian languages and is mostly spoken in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region of Northern Italy.


Guns N' Roses

Guns N' Roses is a popular American hard rock band. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, USA in June, 1985. The five original members of the band were Axl Rose (lead vocals), Slash (lead guitar, backing vocals), Izzy Stradlin (rhythm guitar, backing vocals), Duff McKagan (bass, backing vocals), and Steven Adler (drums). Axl's old band was named Hollywood Rose, and Tracii's old band was named L.A. Guns. They joined the two names and got the name Guns N' Roses. The band's most known songs are "Welcome to the Jungle", "Paradise City", "Sweet Child O'Mine", "Patience", "Live and Let Die", "November Rain", "Knockin' on Heaven's Door", "Don't Cry", and "Civil War".

The music they made was different from the rock music that was popular in the 1980s. They played harder rock music. It was also closer to traditional rock. Because of this, many music fans became interested in Guns N'Roses. 

In 1985, Guns N' Roses went to Seattle to perform. Tracii Guns and Rob Gardner couldn't attend the show. Axl called guitarist Slash and drummer Steven Adler, who were his friends. He asked them for help. They agreed, and became permanent members. On the way back to Los Angeles, the five members wrote the lyrics for 'Welcome to the Jungle' which became one of their most famous songs. Then in 1990, drummer Steven Adler got fired from the band because of his drug abuse. He was replaced by The Cult drummer Matt Sorum.

In November 1991, Gilby Clarke replaced Izzy on rhythm guitar. Gilby left the band in October 1994 and was replaced by Axl's childhood friend Paul "Huge" Tobias.

Slash left the band in October 1996.

In April 1997, Matt got fired from the band due to fighting between him and Paul. In August 1997, Nine Inch Nails' Robin Finck replaced Slash on lead guitar. Duff left the band.

In 1998, Josh Freese replaced Matt on drums on March, The Replacements' Tommy Stinson replaced Duff on bass on May, while Chris Pitman joined the band as a second keyboardist alongside Dizzy on October.

Robin left Guns N' Roses to rejoin Nine Inch Nails in August 1999. In 2000, Buckethead and Bryan "Brain" Mantia joined the band in March, with Buckethead replacing Robin, Brain replacing Josh. Robin then rejoined Guns N' Roses on October.

In July 2002, Richard Fortus (who was previously member of Love Spit Love and The Psychedelic Furs) joined Guns N' Roses, replacing Paul. Slash, Duff and Matt were in Velvet Revolver with Stone Temple Pilots frontman Scott Weiland and Wasted Youth guitarist Dave Kushner, until Scott died.

Buckethead left the band in March 2004. Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal then replaced Buckethead in May 2006. In October 2006, Frank Ferrer joined the band, replacing Brain. In March 2009, .'s DJ Ashba joined, replacing Robin who returned to Nine Inch Nails. In June 2014, Tommy and Bumblefoot left. Bumblefoot became a member of Art of Anarchy and Sons of Apollo. Ashba left the band in July 2015.

Since parting ways with the "Appetite for Destruction" lineup, Axl has remained a constant member and many lineups have changed since. The last studio album the band released was "Chinese Democracy" (2008), which had been delayed for over 10 years, to mixed reactions. In 2016, Slash and Duff rejoined the band, along with the band's first female member, , who replaced Chris.







Lake Chaubunagungamaug

Lake Chaubunagungamaug, or Lake Webster is a lake in the United States. It is in the state of Massachusetts. The lake is also known by the much shorter name of "Webster Lake", but some people prefer the long name Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg, which is the Native American name for the lake. The name is the longest place name in the United States.

Hans Enoksen

Hans Enoksen (born 7 August 1956) was a Greenlandic politician. He was the Prime Minister of Greenland from 2002 to 2009.

Nunarput, utoqqarsuanngoravit

Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit (, ; "You Our Ancient Land") is the national anthem of Greenland. It was written by Henrik Lund, and it became the national anthem in 1916.

DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story

Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 American comedy movie, released by 20th Century Fox. It is set in Las Vegas, Nevada and stars Ben Stiller, Rip Torn and Vince Vaughn.

A little-known gym, Average Joe's, tries not to go out of business by playing a game of dodgeball against a more expensive rival, Globo's Gym.


Ben Stiller

Benjamin Edward Meara "Ben" Stiller (born November 30, 1965) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, movie director, and producer. He is best known for his roles in "There's Something About Mary", "Zoolander" (2001), "Meet the Parents" (2001) (and its 2004 sequel "Meet the Fockers").
Stiller has also starred in "Flirting with Disaster" (1996), "Duplex" (2003) and "" (2004) among others. One of the first movies he starred in was Steven Spielberg's "Empire of the Sun" (1987). He directed "Reality Bites" (1994) and "The Cable Guy" (1996).

Stiller was born in New York City in 1965. His father, Jerry Stiller, was from a Jewish family that immigrated from Poland and Galicia, in Eastern Europe. His mother, Anne Meara, who was of Irish Catholic background, converted to Reform Judaism after marrying his father. She died in 2015. The family celebrated both Hanukkah and Christmas, and Stiller had a Bar Mitzvah. He has said that he is "half Jewish and half Irish Catholic." Stiller's parents frequently took him on the sets of their appearances, including "The Mike Douglas Show" when he was six. He stated in an interview that he considered his childhood unusual: "In some ways, it was a show-business upbringing—a lot of traveling, a lot of late nights—not what you'd call traditional."

His older sister, Amy, has appeared in many of his productions, including Reality Bites, DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, and Zoolander. Stiller displayed an early interest in filmmaking and made Super 8 movies with his sister and friends.

At age 9, Stiller made his acting debut as a guest on his mother's short-lived television series, Kate McShane. In the late 1970s, he performed with the New York City troupe NYC's First All Children's Theater, playing several roles, including the title role in Clever Jack and the Magic Beanstalk. After being inspired by the television show Second City Television while in high school, Stiller realized that he wanted to get involved with sketch comedy. During his high school years, he was also the drummer of the post-punk band Capital Punishment, which released the studio album Roadkill in 1982. The band's bassist, Peter Swann, went on to become (as of 2018) an Arizona Court of Appeals Judge. The band reunited in 2018 to release a new EP, titled This is Capital Punishment, for Record Store Day.

Stiller attended The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine and graduated from the Calhoun School in New York in 1983. He started performing on the cabaret circuit as opening act to the cabaret siren Jadin Wong. Stiller then enrolled as a film student at the University of California, Los Angeles. After nine months, Stiller left school to move back to New York City. He made his way through acting classes, auditioning and trying to find an agent.

When he was approximately 15, Stiller obtained a small part with one line on the television soap opera Guiding Light, although in an interview he characterized his performance as poor.[31] He was later cast in a role in the 1986 Broadway revival of John Guare's The House of Blue Leaves, alongside John Mahoney; the production would garner four Tony Awards.

During its run, Stiller produced a satirical mockumentary whose principal was fellow actor Mahoney. Stiller's comedic work was well received by the cast and crew of the play, and he followed up with a 10-minute short titled The Hustler of Money, a parody of the Martin Scorsese film The Color of Money. The film featured him in a send-up of Tom Cruise's character and Mahoney in the Paul Newman role, only this time as a bowling hustler instead of a pool shark. The short got the attention of Saturday Night Live, which aired it in 1987 and two years later offered Stiller a spot as a writer. In the meantime, he had a bit role in Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun.

In 1989 Stiller wrote and appeared on Saturday Night Live as a featured performer. However, since the show did not want him to make more short films, he left after four episodes. He then put together Elvis Stories, a short film about a fictitious tabloid focused on recent sightings of Elvis Presley. The film starred friends and co-stars John Cusack, Jeremy Piven, Mike Myers, Andy Dick, and Jeff Kahn. The film was considered a success, and led him to develop the short film Going Back to Brooklyn for MTV; it was a music video starring comedian Colin Quinn that parodied LL Cool J's recent hit "Going Back to Cali".

Producers at MTV were so impressed with Back to Brooklyn that they offered Stiller a 13-episode show in the experimental "vid-com" format. Titled The Ben Stiller Show, this series mixed comedy sketches with music videos and parodied various television shows, music stars, and films. It starred Stiller, along with main writer Jeff Khan and Harry O'Reilly, with his parents and sister making occasional appearances.

Although the show was canceled after its first season, it led to another show titled The Ben Stiller Show, on the Fox Network in 1992. The series aired 12 episodes on Fox, with a 13th unaired episode broadcast by Comedy Central in a later revival.[36] Among the principal writers on The Ben Stiller Show were Stiller and Judd Apatow, with the show featuring the ensemble cast of Stiller, Janeane Garofalo, Andy Dick, and Bob Odenkirk.[37] Both Denise Richards and Jeanne Tripplehorn appeared as extras in various episodes. Throughout its short run, The Ben Stiller Show frequently appeared at the bottom of the ratings, even as it garnered critical acclaim and eventually won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing in a Variety or Music Program" posthumously.

In the early 1990s Stiller had minor roles in films such as Stella and Highway to Hell as well as a cameo in The Nutt House. In 1992 Stiller was approached to direct Reality Bites, based on a script by Helen Childress. Stiller devoted the next year and a half to rewriting the script with Childress, fundraising, and recruiting cast members for the film. It was eventually released in early 1994, directed by Stiller and featuring him as a co-star. The film was produced by Danny DeVito, who would later direct Stiller's 2003 film Duplex and produce his 2004 film Along Came Polly.

Reality Bites debuted as the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend and received mixed reviews.

Stiller joined his parents in the family film Heavyweights (1995), in which he played two roles, and then had a brief uncredited role in Adam Sandler's Happy Gilmore (1996). Next, he had lead roles in If Lucy Fell and Flirting with Disaster, before tackling his next directorial effort with The Cable Guy, which starred Jim Carrey. Stiller once again was featured in his own film, as twins. The film received mixed reviews, but was noted for paying the highest salary for an actor up to that point, as Carrey received $20 million for his work in the film. The film also connected Stiller with future Frat Pack members Jack Black and Owen Wilson.

Also in 1996, MTV invited Stiller to host the VH1 Fashion Awards. Along with SNL writer Drake Sather, Stiller developed a short film for the awards about a male model known as Derek Zoolander. It was so well received that he developed another short film about the character for the 1997 VH1 Fashion Awards and finally remade the skit into a film.

In 1998 Stiller put aside his directing ambitions to star in a surprise hit with a long-lasting cult following, the Farrelly Brothers' There's Something About Mary, alongside Cameron Diaz. That year, he starred in several dramas, including Zero Effect, Your Friends & Neighbors, and Permanent Midnight. He was invited to take part in hosting the Music Video awards, for which he developed a parody of the Backstreet Boys and performed a sketch with his father, commenting on his current career.

In 1999 he starred in three films, including Mystery Men, where he played a superhero wannabe called Mr. Furious. He returned to directing with a new spoof television series for Fox titled Heat Vision and Jack, starring Jack Black; however, the show was not picked up by Fox after its pilot episode and the series was cancelled.

In 2000, Stiller starred in three more films, including one of his most recognizable roles, a male nurse named Gaylord "Greg" Focker in Meet the Parents, opposite Robert De Niro. The film was well received by critics, grossed over $330 million worldwide, and spawned two sequels. Also in 2000, MTV again invited Stiller to make another short film, and he developed Mission: Improbable, a spoof of Tom Cruise's role in Mission: Impossible II and other films.

In 2001, Stiller directed his third feature film, Zoolander, starring himself as Derek Zoolander. The film featured multiple cameos from a variety of celebrities, including Donald Trump, Paris Hilton, Lenny Kravitz, Heidi Klum, and David Bowie, among others. The film was banned in Malaysia (as the plot centered on an assassination attempt of a Malaysian prime minister),[52] while shots of the World Trade Center were digitally removed and hidden for the film's release after the September 11 terrorist attacks.

After Stiller worked with Owen Wilson in Zoolander, they joined again for The Royal Tenenbaums.

Over the next two years, Stiller continued with the lackluster box office film Duplex, and cameos in Orange County and Nobody Knows Anything! He has guest-starred on several television shows, including an appearance in an episode of the television series The King of Queens in a flashback as the father of the character Arthur (played by Jerry Stiller). He also made a guest appearance on World Wrestling Entertainment's WWE Raw.

In 2004, Stiller appeared in six different films, all of which were comedies, and include some of his highest-grossing films: Starsky & Hutch, Envy, DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (in which he had an uncredited cameo), Along Came Polly and Meet the Fockers. While the critical flop Envy only grossed $14.5 million,[60] the most successful film of these was Meet the Fockers, which grossed over $516.6 million worldwide.

He also made extended guest appearances on Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development in the same year. In 2005, Stiller appeared in Madagascar, which was his first experience as a voice actor in an animated film. Madagascar was a massive worldwide hit, and spawned the sequels Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa in 2008 and Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted in 2012.

In 2006, Stiller had cameo roles in School for Scoundrels and Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny; he was executive producer of the latter. In December 2006, he had the lead role in Night at the Museum. Although not a critical favorite, it earned over $115 million in ten days.

In 2007, Stiller starred alongside Malin Åkerman in the romantic comedy The Heartbreak Kid. The film earned over $100 million worldwide despite receiving mostly negative reviews.

In 2008, Stiller directed, co-wrote, co-produced, and starred in the film Tropic Thunder, with Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Black; Stiller had originally conceived of the film's premise while filming Empire of the Sun in 1987.

In 2009, he starred with Amy Adams in , sequel to Night at the Museum.

In 2010, Stiller made a brief cameo in Joaquin Phoenix's mockumentary I'm Still Here and played the lead role in the comedy-drama Greenberg. He again portrayed Greg Focker in the critically panned but financially successful Little Fockers, the second sequel to Meet the Parents. He had planned to voice the main character in Megamind, but later dropped out while still remaining a producer and voicing a minor character in the film.

In 2011, Stiller starred with Eddie Murphy and Alan Alda in Tower Heist, about a group of maintenance workers planning a heist in a residential skyscraper. He produced, directed, and starred in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, which was released in 2013.

In 2018 and 2019, Stiller played Michael Cohen on Saturday Night Live for 6 episodes.

In October 2016, Stiller revealed that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in June 2014. Following surgery, he received a cancer-free status in September 2014.

Ben Stiller at the Jonathan Ross Show.

Sieve of Eratosthenes

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple way to find "all" the prime numbers up to some number "n":


When the algorithm is finished all the numbers that are left not crossed out are all the prime numbers from 2 up to "n".

As an optimization we can start the counting in step 3 from "p", and stop in step 2 when "p" is greater than "n". 

This is allowed because for each number "k" that is smaller than "p", the number "kp" in step 3 will be already crossed out as part of the algorithm working for some previous prime that is smaller than "p" – the smallest such prime which divides "k" evenly.

Benjamin Franklin

Benjamin Franklin (January 17, 1706 – April 17, 1790) was an American statesman, Founding Father, and scientist. He has also been known as "the First American". He was a very important person in the American Revolution and helped make the Thirteen Colonies one nation. As a leader of the Enlightenment, he influenced European scientists. He even was the first thing many Europeans associated with America at the time. His successful diplomacy in France was an important factor in the United States' win over Great Britain.

Franklin was born in Boston. After two years of school he stayed home as an apprentice in his father's candle-making shop. Two years after starting to work at his father's shop, he went to work at his brother James' printing shop. While working there, Franklin secretly wrote articles for the newspaper and labelled them as being by "Mrs. Silence Dogood". He quarrelled with his brother and at age 17 ran away to Philadelphia, then to London and then back to Philadelphia.

Franklin loved books and reading. Franklin, at the age of 21, established the colonies' first circulation library for all interested citizens. He became rich and famous as a printer, publisher and writer. Later, he sold his businesses and became busy with science and politics.

Benjamin Franklin was very important in Pennsylvanian and early American politics. He was a leader in the city of Philadelphia, where he did many important things. He was the President of the Academy and College of Philadelphia. Later he became a councilman, a Justice of the Peace, later a representative of the city. He also started one of the first public libraries in Philadelphia. He was for many years the postmaster of Philadelphia, and in 1753 became Postmaster General of the Thirteen Colonies. In 1757 he went to live in London as agent for Pennsylvania and later for other colonies.

He was in the Continental Congress, which led the country during the Revolutionary War, and he helped write the United States Declaration of Independence. He controlled the postal service as Postmaster General. As ambassador to France he helped persuade the French to join the war against Great Britain. He helped negotiate the peace, too. Later, he was part of the group that made the Constitution of the United States.

Franklin called himself a printer, but is also known for his writings. Among some of the more well known are Poor Richard's Almanack, and the Pennsylvanian.

Franklin was a scientist who studied experiments in an effort to improve or correct them. One of his greatest contributions was in the theory of electricity through the Leyden jar.

Most people see Franklin as one of history's greatest inventors. For example, he invented the lightning rod and bifocals, the Franklin stove, and the glass harmonica.

Franklin died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from pleurisy, April 17, 1790 aged 84.

Benjamin Franklin owned slaves and printed ads to help slavers find runaway slaves in his newspaper. Eventually, he changed his mind and became an abolitionist. But he still made a lot of money from slavery.

The city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (where he lived) marked his three hundredth birthday in 2006. Many streets and a few towns are named for him.

A picture of Franklin has been on the United States' hundred-dollar bill since 1928. He was also on the fifty-cent coin for 15 years.



Noble Eightfold Path

In Buddhism, the Noble Eightfold Path (Pali: "ariya atthangika magga") is the path to the end of suffering. It is the fourth part of the Four Noble Truths. It can be summed up in three categories: wisdom ("pañña"), virtue ("sila"), and concentration ("samadhi"). It asks for the Right view and the right intention, as well as other things. It also asks for the right speech.

Here is a description of the path:



Gone with the Wind

Gone with the Wind is a 1936 novel by Margaret Mitchell. It tells the story of a family woman in the American South (and in the plantation of Tara) during the Civil War. She falls in love with a city gentleman. It is one of the most famous books of its time, and was made into a movie of the same name.

The title takes the name from the line of Ernest Dowson's poem: "I have forgot much, Cynara! gone with the wind." (The line appeared in the book). Critics and historians have disagreed with its views of Confederacy and the American South before the Civil War. But it is true to the events of the time, and also has a well-written account of the fall of Atlanta in 1864. The book won the Pulitzer Prize on May 3, 1937. In 1991, Alexander Ripley wrote its official sequel, "Scarlett". Three years later, it was made as a television miniseries. In 2001, the copyright holders of the original book tried to stop sales of Alice Randall's "The Wind Done Gone". (The book retold Mitchell's story from a slave's point of view.) The resulting lawsuit allowed the book to be published; it was seen, based on rules in the First Amendment, as a parody.



AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies is a list of the top one hundred movies in American cinema. It was made by the American Film Institute in 1998. The television station CBS aired the list's special.

Movies that were on the list:



Flag of Greenland

The Flag of Greenland was designed by Greenlander Thue Christiansen. It features two equal horizontal bands of white (top) and red with a large disk at the center. The top half of the disk is red, the bottom half is white.

Its local name in the Greenlandic language is "Erfalasorput", which means "our flag", but Aappalaartoq (meaning "the red") is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog. Today Greenlanders display both the Erfalasorput and the Dannebrog, often side by side.

Greenland first thought of the idea of a flag of its own in 1973, when five Greenlanders proposed a green, white and blue flag. The following year, a newspaper printed eleven design proposals (all but one of which was a Nordic Cross), and polled the people to determine the most popular. The Dannebrog was better liked than any. Little came of this effort.

In 1978, Denmark granted home rule to Greenland, making it an equal member of the Danish Kingdom. The home rule government asked for flag proposals, receiving 555. 293 were made by Greenlanders.

Out of all the designs, the current red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven. Christiansen's red-and-white flag was officially adopted on June 21, 1985.

To honor the tenth anniversary of the Erfalasorput, the Greenland Post Office issued commemorative stamps and a leaflet by its creator. He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap; the red stripe, the ocean; the red semicircle, the fjords; and the white semicircle, the icebergs and pack ice. The design is also reminiscent of the setting sun half-submerged below the horizon and reflected on the sea.

Greenlandic language

Greenlandic can be divided into three dialects:

Kalaallisut or, in English, Greenlandic, is the standard dialect and official language of Greenland. This standard national language is now taught to all Greenlanders in school, regardless of their native dialect. It is related to Inuktitut. It reflects almost exclusively the language of western Greenland and has borrowed a great deal of vocabulary from Danish, while Canadian and Alaskan Inuit languages have tended to take words from English or sometimes French and Russian. It is written using the Roman alphabet. The dialect of the Upernavik area in northwest Greenland is somewhat different in sound from the standard dialect.

Tunumiit oraasiat, (or Tunumiisut in Kalaallisut, often East Greenlandic in other languages), is the dialect of eastern Greenland. It differs sharply from other Inuit language variants and has roughly 3,000 speakers.

Avanersuaq is the dialect of the area around Qaanaaq in northern Greenland. It is sometimes called the Thule dialect or North Greenlandic. This area is the northernmost settlement area of the Inuit and has a relatively small number of speakers. It is reputed to be fairly close to the North Baffin dialect, since a group of Inuit from Baffin Island settled in the area during the 19th and early 20th centuries. It counts under 1,000 speakers.

Earthworm

An earthworm is an invertebrate animal with a long, stretchy body and no legs. It is a type of annelid.

There are 5,500 known species of earthworms in 21 families. They are found everywhere, except in polar or dry climates. Their sizes vary: they can be between two centimeters and about three meters in length. The biggest known earthworm is the giant Gippsland earthworm, found in Australia. It is usually about 80 cm in length, but can grow to about 3 meters.

The most common earthworm (in Europe, and most other temperate climate regions) grows to a size of about 20–25 cm when extended.

Most earthworms can regrow lost segments, assuming the worm has not had too much damage. This capability varies by species.

Long ago, all animals looking like worms were lumped together by John Ray and by Linnaeus in their classifications. Later, biologists found that some were in quite different groups. Roundworms and flatworms are different phyla. Inchworms are a type of caterpillar, and the slow-worm is a legless lizard.

The average earthworm is a reddish brown color, with a pointed posterior and anterior end. There are no eyes or other discerning facial features, only a simply opening for a mouth. Earthworms have long, segmented bodies, covered in microscopic setae, or bristles, which help to anchor and pull the worm via longitudinal muscle contractions. Earthworms have no lungs, and absorb oxygen directly through their skin. In order to do this, they must stay moist, and do so by lubricating their skin with glands along their bodies.

Earthworms are invertebrates, lacking a skeleton. To support and shape the body, they are filled with coelomic fluid. Earthworms sometimes appear to have a "belt" or "saddle" around their bodies; this is a "clitelum", a structure containing maturing eggs.

Earthworms typically live in damp (but not wet), loose soil. They can also be found in loose leaf litter, and after it rains they can be found on the surface as they are forced out of the water-logged soil. Many gardeners welcome earthworms, as they aerate and enrich the soil with their droppings. They are also found in compost, feeding on decaying vegetable matter. An earthworm's burrow can be seen by the pile of dark, sand-like droppings, or casts, surrounding the entrance.

Earthworms are hermaphrodites, meaning they each contain male and female gametes. During mating, both worms exchange sperm and have eggs fertilized. The belt-like swollen area on the earthworm’s body, commonly called the "saddle" or "belt", is called a clitelum. It secretes a slimy substance that forms capsules which protect the eggs (sperm cells and eggs merge inside the capsule and form embryos). Inside, 1-20 eggs mature, taking between 60 and 90 days to hatch, depending on environmental factors such as humidity and temperature. An earthworm takes up to a year to fully mature, and in the wild they can live from 4 to 8 years.

The typical earthworm diet is decaying matter, humus, leaf litter, microbial fungi, and other microscopic organisms. Earthworms are important to the environment, breaking down organic matter and passing it through their gut as newly enriched soil. An earthworm has no teeth, so it swallows grit to help grind food in its multi-chambered gut. As an earthworm burrows and feeds, it aerates the soil and adds nutrients from deeper soil layers to upper layers, making easier new plant growth in the process. For this reason, they are valued by farmers and gardeners worldwide.


Wire

Wire is a long, thin and flexible piece of metal. Wires are made in many different metals and sizes, and are used for many purposes. Wire rope has been used for centuries. 

Electrical wire is wire used to carry electricity. When people touch wire that is carrying electricity, they get shocked, which is bad, so the outside coating of electrical wires is colored. Most electric wires are black, but some wires have a differently colored coating. Different colors indicate different purposes, for example, in the United States, green or bare is a ground (earth) wire, white is a neutral wire, and black, blue, red, brown, yellow, and orange are hot (live) wires.

A wiretap is when law enforcement puts a device into a phone or other electronic device to hear what suspected criminals are going to do. 

Copper wire is the best known type of wire, but wire can also be made out of aluminum or other metals. If we did not have wiring almost all of our electronics would not be working or available.

Whistle

A whistle is a thing that uses a stream of gas (usually air) to make a sound, or the act of making a similar sound called whistling. 

Whip

A whip is a long strand of leather or other fabric with a hard handle. When a person shakes a whip fast, it makes a loud "crack" sound, because it has broken the sound barrier. It is used for directing or hitting animals or people. Some whips are made for corporal punishment or flogging.

Die Toten Hosen

Die Toten Hosen is a German punk band from Düsseldorf, Germany. They are one of the most popular punk bands from Germany. Their career started in 1982. Their first album was released in 1984 and named "Opel-Gang".

Most of their songs are in German. Some are in English and in a few other languages such as Spanish. They have many fans in German-speaking countries but also they have many fans in South America and other parts of Europe. 

The band consists of the following members:



Balalaika

The balalaika is a musical instrument from Russia. The Balalaika family includes the piccolo balalaika, prima balalaika, sekunda balalaika, alto balalaika, bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika. They all have three strings. There are many ways to tune balalaika; the most common tuning is E-E-A. The prima balalaika is played with the fingers, the sekunda and alto either with the fingers or a pick depending on the music being played. The basses and contrabasses, which have legs that rest on the floor, are played with leather picks.

Early pictures of the balalaika show it had between two and six strings, like some Central Asian instruments. Frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal gut and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player.

The balalaika was improved by a Russian, Vasily Vasil'yevich Andreev. He had heard peasants on his farm playing badly made instruments. Andreev wanted to improve the instrument and use it for concerts. He spent the rest of his life working on this instrument with help from two violin makers and a carpenter. They improved the soundboard, which made it louder. He came up with the idea of the prima balalaike, sekunda, alto, bass and controbass balalaika. He then spent several years writing and arranging music for groups of balalaikas to play. The first public performance by the Ensemble of Balalaika Players took place in 1888.
After the Russian Revolution, the Communist Party encouraged the playing of the instrument and large balalaika orchestras were started.


Klezmer

Klezmer is a kind of music. It was made by the Jews of Eastern Europe, and it is a mix of Russian, Greek and Romanian folk music, based on Jewish prayer music. 

In old times, it was played during Jewish weddings and religious festivals, and it was made for dancing. The most common klezmer instruments are the clarinet and the violin, because they are the best to play in the sad klezmer style.

New South Wales

New South Wales is one of the states of Australia. It is the oldest state in Australia and is sometimes called the "Premier State". Of all Australian states, New South Wales has the most people. The capital city of New South Wales is Sydney. Sydney is the biggest city in Australia.

New South Wales was named by Lieutenant James Cook (later Captain Cook), who sailed up the east coast of Australia in 1770. 

New South Wales was founded (begun) in 1788, by the British who set up a small penal colony on the land of various Aboriginal tribes who had been there for tens of thousands of years. The British colony of New South Wales originally included more than half of the Australian mainland, as well as New Zealand, Lord Howe Island and Norfolk Island. During the 19th century large areas were separated to form the British colonies of Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, Queensland and New Zealand.

New South Wales has four main geographical areas:

The state is bordered on the north by Queensland, on the west by South Australia, and on the south by Victoria. Its coast faces the Tasman Sea. New South Wales contains two Federal Territories: the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), and the Jervis Bay Territory.

New South Wales' three big cities are Sydney, Newcastle and Wollongong which all lie along the coast. Other big towns include Albury which borders with Victoria; Broken Hill, the most westerly large town; Dubbo; Orange, Bowral, Bathurst, home of the Bathurst 1000; Port Macquarie, Tamworth, home to the country music festival; Armidale, Inverell, Lismore, Nowra, Gosford, Griffith, Queanbeyan, Leeton, Wagga Wagga, Goulburn, where a lot of Australia's fruit is grown and Coffs Harbour, a popular tourist destination.

The population of New South Wales at the end of June 2007 was 6.89 million people. Population grew by 1.1% over the preceding year, lower than the national rate of 1.5%.

62.9% of NSW's population is based in Sydney.


Hemp

Hemp ("Cannabis sativa" subsp. "sativa") is a plant and the fibers made from it. It is a subspecies of the "Cannabis sativa" plant. It is usually used to make cloth and other textiles, and ropes.

Hemp is one of the oldest plants humans have grown and used. Hemp was domesticated in Asia over 10,000 years ago. It was already used to make clothes, ropes, and an early form of paper. The seeds were eaten, and the plant had medicinal uses. From there the use of hemp spread. In Europe, hemp was at least used 5,500 years ago. It is one of the earliest domesticated plants recorded. It is quite strong and does not need many pesticides (to keep away bugs) and no herbicides. Linen and hemp were the most important fiber plants in Europe for a long time.

Hemp is similar to marijuana, but contains very little THC, the chemical that makes people feel good while using marijuana. Hemp is completely legal in most U.S. states, France, Spain, Indonesia, England, and Ireland.

Hemp can be used for the following things:


1000s

The 1000s decade span from 1000 to 1009.


1157

1157 was a common year.



Lung

The lung is an organ in many vertebrates (animals having a "spine", or backbone). It takes blood oxygen from the air, and expels carbon dioxide. Most vertebrates with lungs have two of them.

In animals, the lungs are the area where gas exchange takes place. Without gas exchange, oxygen would not pass into the blood from the lungs so the body cells would not be able to receive the oxygen needed for respiration.

The alveoli are moist to allow oxygen to move from the lung through the alveoli into blood vessels and red blood cells. Carbon dioxide passes from the blood into the alveoli. The oxygen-filled blood goes back to the heart and the carbon dioxide in the alveoli is pushed out of the lungs and into the air we breathe out.

Birds lungs are smaller than mammal lungs, and do not have alveoli, instead they have millions of para-bronchi. These para-bronchi end up in tiny capillaries or very small blood vessels and they pass close to the body's blood vessels, so diffusion can occur and the oxygen and carbon dioxide is exchanged. The oxygen and carbon dioxide in birds lungs are continuously diffused into and out of the blood, not like in mammals where diffusion can only happen in the alveoli. Air does not go into and back out of the lungs as in mammals. Instead, muscular air sacs push the air forward through bird lungs.

Reptile lungs open and close because of the ribs surrounding them pressing down on them and then opening up with the help of muscles. The liver is also attached to the bottom of the lungs and when a muscle which is attached to the liver pulls, the liver moves away from the lungs and pulls them, making them bigger.

Frog lungs are very simple compared to most other lungs, they are simply balloons, with moist outsides allowing for diffusion. But frogs do not move around much and so do not need lots of oxygen, but they can also take in oxygen through their moist outer skin if a big demand of oxygen is needed (e.g. Fight or flight response)


Kansas City

Kansas City is the name of two cities in the United States of America.

Rock music

Rock music is a genre of popular music. It developed during and after the 1960s in the United States. It originally started in the 1940s and 1950s with the start of rock and roll. Rock and roll grew out of rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music is related to a number of other genres such as blues and folk. It has influences from jazz, classical, and other music genres.

Musically, rock mostly uses the electric guitar as part of a rock band with bass guitar and drums. Rock music is song based. It has a 4/4 beat and it has verse-chorus form. However, rock has become very different and it is hard to say what its common musical instruments are. Like pop music, rock music lyrics are mostly about "romantic love". They can also have social or have political themes, however, rock focuses on musical skill, live performance, and it tries to be more real than pop music.

By the late 1960s, a number of different rock musicians genres had come out. These included hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion. From these forms, the counterculture developed psychedelic rock. New genres that came from this scene included progressive rock, glam rock and heavy metal. Progressive rock made the music more artistic. Glam rock focused on showmanship and what you can see. Heavy metal focused on loudness, power and speed. Punk rock became more popular in the second half of the 1970s. It was inspired by other types of rock, as well as counterculture. Punk rock is a loud type of rock music with political and social critiques. Punk caused other below-genres to come about into the 1980s, including New Wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement. From the 1990s, alternative rock began to be the most popular type of rock music. It broke through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. More merging of below-genres have since emerged. These include pop punk, rap rock, and rap metal, as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history, including the garage rock/post-punk and synthpop revivals at the beginning of the new millennium.

Rock music has also helped cultural and social movements. This led to large sub-cultures including mods and rockers in the UK and the "hippie" culture that spread out from San Francisco in the US in the 1960s. Similarly, 1970s punk culture made the goth and emo subcultures. Rock music has the same folk tradition as the protest song. Rock music has been involved with political activism. It has also made changes to social attitudes towards race, sex and drug use. It is often seen as an expression of youth revolt against adult consumerism and conformity.

Cream

Cream (also called milkfat, milk fat, butterfat, and butter fat) is the fatty part of regular milk. Skimmed milk (or skim milk) is milk sold with some or nearly all of the fat removed. Cream is usually used in coffee to make it lighter in taste. Cream can also be used to make some sauces such as the Americanized Alfredo sauce.



Time dilation

Gravitational time dilation is a physics concept about changes in the passage of time, caused by general relativity. A clock in outer space moves more quickly than a clock on Earth. Heavy things like planets create a gravitational field that slows down time nearby. An example of gravity causing time dilation is that if an object is near a black hole its time will slow relative to that of time on earth. This means that a clock on a spaceship far away from any planet would move faster than a clock near Earth.

This is different from time dilation explained by special relativity, which says that fast objects move more slowly through time. Close satellites like the International Space Station move very quickly to orbit the Earth, so they are slowed down. Because the ISS is in low Earth orbit (LEO), time dilation due to gravity is not as strong as time dilation due to its speed, so a clock on it is slowed down more than it is sped up. An object in Geostationary orbit moves less quickly and is farther away from Earth, so gravitational time dilation is stronger, and clocks move more quickly than in LEO. This means that engineers need to pick different clocks for different orbits. GPS satellites work because they know about both kinds of time dilation.

Case #1: In special relativity, clocks that are moving run slower, according to a stationary observer's clock. "This effect does not come from workings of the clocks, but from the nature of spacetime".

Case #2: the observers may be in positions with different gravitational masses. In general relativity, clocks that are near a strong gravitational field run slower than clocks in a weaker gravitational field.

If you were to have a rotor, or motor, moving at a very fast speed (any measurement of speed will cause time dilation just in varying amounts) and have a beam of sorts with a capsule, the faster it spins the more time changes.

This could theoretically make a time machine although it could only go forward and would be very dangerous.

Experiments support both aspects of time dilation.

The formula for determining time dilation in special relativity is:
where

It could also be written as:
where

A simple summary is that more time is measured on the clock at rest than the moving clock, therefore, the moving clock is "running slow".

When both clocks are not moving, relative to each other, the two times measured are the same. This can be proven mathematically by

For example:
In a spaceship moving at 99% of the speed of light, a year passes. How much time will pass on earth?

Substituting into :formula_1

So approximately 7.09 years will pass on earth, for each year in the spaceship.

In ordinary life today, time dilation had not been a factor, where people move at speeds much less than the speed of light, the speeds are not great enough to produce any detectable time dilation effects. Such vanishingly small effects can be safely ignored. It is only when an object approaches speeds on the order of (10% the speed of light) that time dilation becomes important.

However, there are practical uses of time dilation. A big example is with keeping the clocks on GPS satellites accurate. Without accounting for time dilation, the GPS result would be useless, because time runs faster on satellites so far from Earth's gravity. GPS devices would calculate the wrong position due to the time difference if the space clocks were not set to run slower on Earth to offset the quicker time in high Earth orbit (geostationary orbit).

Supreme Court of the United States

The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court in the United States of America. Because of this, the Court leads the Judicial Branch of the United States Federal Government. It is the only U.S. court established by the United States Constitution. Its decisions are supposed to be followed by all other courts in the United States. Since 1935, the Court has met in its own building in Washington, D.C.; before that, it met in the United States Capitol. 

There are 9 justices on the court now: one Chief Justice and eight Associate Justices. Courts (a set of all justices of the court while one Chief Justice is serving) are unofficially named for the Chief Justice; the current Court is called the "Roberts Court" after Chief Justice John Roberts.

The Supreme Court chooses which cases it will decide on, by choosing to give a "writ of certiorari" or not. Almost 7,000 people, known as "petitioners", ask the Supreme Court to decide their cases every year, but the court only gives a "writ" to about 100 or less. For the Supreme Court to decide a case, the case must be about: federal law, the Constitution of the United States, disagreements between states or their residents, or another court's decision that differs from what the Supreme Court has decided on a similar case. Cases "must" first be decided by a federal district court and a federal court of appeals or by a state supreme court. Even after that, the Supreme Court can choose not to decide a case for any reason. Cases about disagreements between states or their residents sometimes can only be decided by the Supreme Court, but those are rare.

The justices serve for life unless they want to retire earlier or are impeached. If a justice retires, he or she can still be asked to serve as a judge on a federal Court of Appeals. New justices are "nominated" (picked) by the President of the United States, and then must be approved by the United States Senate. 

The most recent justice to be chosen is Ketanji Brown Jackson, who was nominated by President Joe Biden in February 2022, to replace retiring Justice Stephen Breyer. After the Senate approved her, Jackson became the first female African American justice.

Fall (motion)

A fall is, in everyday language and thought, a movement down that happens due to gravity. An example is when something rolls off a table and falls down to the floor.

Falling is a motion towards a place where an object will have a lower total potential energy or lower potential. Total potential energy being the sum of all potential energies -- those from gravitational fields, electric fields, and magnetic fields.

The idea of falling in natural human language(s) as falling down begs the definition of what down really is. Down may be straight towards your feet, or if you are on a hill, be off at an angle. Often an attempt is made to correct this definition by saying down is towards the center of the Earth. But that definition only works here on Earth. The idea of falling using common everyday language as being in the direction of down does not work in places in the universe other than Earth. In space, somewhere between the Earth and its moon, an object may fall to the earth or fall to the moon. At other places an object may fall towards the Sun or Jupiter. At other places in the universe an object may even fall to a point in space between stars and planets.

Falling using common everyday language is also true only due to gravity. A balloon rubbed on your hair and held close to the ceiling will fall up towards the ceiling. Electrically charged objects do not always fall due to the force of gravity, but due to electric forces. As masses fall in gravitational fields, charges or charged objects will fall to a place where they have less total potential energy. Magnetic objects will fall in a magnetic field to a place where they have less total potential energy.

Falling is a very common cause of people's injuries, possibly the most common cause. This is especially the case for elderly people, people with various conditions causing a loss of balance, and for people who do sports and other leisure activities requiring significant motion.

In many cases, elderly people become less steady on their feet and if they fall they are at a greater risk of having serious injuries, such as breaking their hip, because of the more brittle condition of their bones.

During sports and other recreational activities such as bicycling or skateboarding, people are more likely to fall. Some bicyclists and skateboarders wear protective clothing to protect their body in the event of a fall, such as a helmet, elbow pads, and knee pads.

Autumn

Autumn is the season after summer and before winter. In the United States and Canada, this season is also called fall. In the Northern Hemisphere, it is often said to begin with the autumnal equinox in September and end with the winter solstice in December. In the Southern Hemisphere, it runs from the autumnal equinox in March to the winter solstice in June.

In many places in the temperate zone, autumn is a time for harvesting most crops. Deciduous trees (trees that lose their leaves every year) lose their leaves, usually after turning yellow, red, or brown. In many countries, autumn is the time a new school year starts. The period of school between the start of September and the end of December is often referred to as the “Fall Semester”, “Fall Quarter”, or “Fall Term”.

When it is autumn in the Northern Hemisphere, it is spring in the Southern Hemisphere. When it is autumn in the Southern Hemisphere, it is spring in the Northern Hemisphere. On the Equator, autumn is very much like spring, with little difference in temperature or in weather. Autumn is a time when most animals are looking for food so they can store up for winter, because they soon will be going into hibernation. The weather gets colder and more windy. In Autumn the hours of daylight and the hours of night are the same. In autumn the weather changes all the time. The weather turns cooler and often windy and rainy.

Fall

Fall has several meanings:

Holocaust denial

Holocaust denial is the claim that the Holocaust did not happen, or was not as bad as people think it was. Historians agree that during World War II, the Nazis did kill millions of people during the Holocaust, including many people in concentration camps. They agree that there is more proof in writing, pictures, and places about the Holocaust than any other great killing of people. Holocaust deniers usually call themselves "Holocaust revisionists." They say that the Holocaust is a hoax made up by Jewish people working together.

It is against the criminal law to deny the Holocaust in Israel and in many European countries, especially in Germany. Some Holocaust deniers, like Ernst Zündel, have been charged with crimes.

These are Holocaust deniers' most common arguments:

Holocaust denial also includes these claims:

Historians agree that the Holocaust happened. They also agree that Holocaust deniers use bad research, get things wrong, and sometimes make facts up to support their claims.

Many things together prove that the Holocaust did happen:



John Locke

John Locke (; 29 August 1632 – 28 October 1704), known as the "Father of Liberalism", was an English philosopher and physician. His writings on the theory of social contract influenced Voltaire and Rousseau, many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers, and the American revolutionaries. His ideas are mentioned in the American Declaration of Independence.

Locke's theories were usually about identity and the self. Locke thought that we are born without thoughts, and that knowledge is instead determined only by experience.

Locke's father, who was also named John Locke, was a country lawyer. He had served as a captain in the early part of the English Civil War. His mother, Agnes Keene, was a tanner's daughter and was thought to be very beautiful. Both mother and father were Puritans. 
Locke was born on 29 August 1632, in a cottage by the church in Wrington, Somerset, about twelve miles from Bristol. He was baptized when he was born. After that, his family soon moved to Pensford.
In 1647, Locke was sent to Westminster School in London. During this time he was being sponsored by Alexander Popham, a member of the Parliament. After finishing his studies there, he went into the Christ Church. Although Locke was a good student, he did not like the schedule of the time spent there. He did not like the classical subjects taught at the university, and wanted to learn more about modern philosophy. Through his friend Richard Lower, whom he had met at the school, Locke learned about medicine, because his friend Richard Lower taught it to him.

Locke was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1656 and a master's degree in 1658. In 1666, he met Lord Anthony Ashley Cooper, who had come to Oxford seeking treatment for his liver disease. Cooper was impressed with Locke and asked him to come.
Locke had been looking for a job and in 1667 moved into Shaftesbury's home at Exeter House in London, to serve as Lord Ashley's personal physician. In London, Locke continued his studies on medicine.

Locke's medical knowledge was put to the test when Shaftesbury's liver disease became worse until Shaftesbury was about to die. Locke used the advice of several physicians and persuaded Shaftesbury to go to an operation. Shaftesbury lived through the operation and thanked Locke for saving his life.
Shaftesbury, as a member of the Whig movement, was a big influence on Locke's political ideas. However, after Shaftesbury began to fall from favor in 1675, Locke decided to travel across France. He came back to England in 1679. At this time, due to Shaftesbury's insistance, Locke wrote the "Two Treatises of Government". While it was once thought that Locke wrote the Treatises to defend the Glorious Revolution of 1688, recent scholarship has shown that the work was composed before this even started.

However, Locke ran away to the Netherlands in 1683. This is because people became suspicious of him being involved in the Rye House Plot to assassinate King Charles II of England. In the Netherlands, Locke had time to return to his writing, spending a great deal of time re-working the essay. Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution. Locke came with William of Orange's wife back to England in 1688.
Locke's close friend Lady Masham invited him to join her at the Mashams' country house in Essex. Although his time there was marked by variable health from asthma attacks, he nevertheless became an intellectual hero of the Whigs. During this period he discussed matters with such figures as John Dryden and Isaac Newton.
He died on 28 October 1704, and is buried in the churchyard of the village of High Laver, east of Harlow in Essex, where he had lived in the household of Sir Francis Masham since 1691. Locke never married nor had children. 
Events that happened during Locke's lifetime include the English Restoration, the Great Plague of London and the Great Fire of London. He did not quite see the Acts of Union 1707 though the thrones of England and Scotland were held in personal union throughout his lifetime. Constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy were in their infancy during Locke's time.





Marcha Real

"Marcha Real" (, which means "Royal March") is the national anthem of Spain. The music was composed by Manuel de Espinosa de los Monteros in 1761 also in this year the anthem was first published. When Francisco Franco ruled Spain, new lyrics were written for it. Since 1978, those words are no longer official. In 2007, a contest for new lyrics did not result in new lyrics being made official. It is one of only four national anthems in the world with no official words, only music.

The lyrics used when Alfonso XIII was king were written by Eduardo Marquina (1879–1946):<poem lang="es" style="margin-right:2em; float:left;">La bandera de España (Coro)
Gloria, gloria, corona de la Patria,
soberana luz
que es oro en tu Pendón.
Vida, vida, futuro de la Patria,
que en tus ojos es
abierto corazón...!
Púrpura y oro: bandera inmortal;
en tus colores, juntas, carne y alma están.
Púrpura y oro: querer y lograr;
Tú eres, bandera, el signo del humano afán.

España guiadora (Solo)
¡Pide, España! ¡Tu nombre llevaremos
donde quieras tú;
que honrarlo es nuestra ley!
¡Manda, España, y unidos lucharemos,
porque vivas tú,
sin tregua pueblo y rey!
Una bandera gloriosa nos das;
¡nadie, viviendo, España, nos la arrancará!
Para que, un día, nos pueda cubrir,
¡danos, España, el gozo de morir por ti!

¡Viva España!... (Coro)
¡Viva España! Del grito de la Patria,
la explosión triunfal
abrió camino al sol;
¡Viva España! repiten veinte pueblos
y al hablar dan fe
del ánimo español...
¡Marquen arado martillo y clarín
su noble ritmo al grito de la Patria fe!
¡Guíe la mente a la mano hasta el fin,
al "Viva España" asista toda España en pie!</poem>
<poem style="float:left;">Flag of Spain (Chorus)
Glory, glory, crown of the Fatherland
sovereign light
which in your standard is gold.
Life, life, future of the Fatherland,
in your eyes it is
an open heart
Purple and gold: immortal flag;
in your colors, together, flesh and soul are.
Purple and gold: to want and to achieve;
You are, flag, the sign of human effort.

Guiding Spain (Solo)
Ask of us, Spain! Your name we will take
anywhere you want;
because honoring it is our law!
Command us, Spain, and united we will fight,
so that you may live,
relentless people and king!
You give us a glorious flag;
Nobody, who is alive, Spain, will take it from us!
So that, one day, we can be covered by it,
Give us, Spain, the joy of dying for you!

Long live Spain! ... (Chorus)
Long live Spain! The cry of the Fatherland,
the triumphant explosion
Has opened the way to the sun;
Long live Spain! repeated twenty peoples
and when they speak they have faith
in the Spanish will ...
Mark plow hammer and bugle
your noble rhythm at the cry of the Fatherland faith!
Guide the mind and the hand until the end,
the "Long Live Spain" Spain attends all standing!</poem>

Satellite (artificial)

A satellite is an object that orbits another object. In space, satellites may be natural, or artificial. The moon is a natural satellite that orbits the Earth. Most artificial satellites also orbit the Earth, but some orbit other planets, or the Sun or Moon. Satellites are used for many purposes. There are weather satellites, communications satellites, navigation satellites, reconnaissance satellites, astronomy satellites.
The world's first artificial satellite, the Sputnik 1, was launched by the Soviet Union on October 4,1957. This surprised the world, and the United States quickly worked to launch their own satellite, starting the space race. Sputnik 2 was launched on November 3, 1957 and carried the first living passenger into orbit, a dog named Laika. The United States launched their first satellite, called "Explorer 1" on January 31, 1958. The UK launched its first satellite in 1962.

Since then, thousands of satellites have been launched into orbit around the Earth. Some satellites, notably space stations, have been launched in parts and assembled in orbit.

Artificial satellites come from more than 50 countries and have used the satellite launching capabilities of ten nations. A few hundred satellites are currently working, but thousands of unused satellites and satellite fragments orbit the Earth as space debris. The largest satellite is the International Space Station, which was put together by several different countries (including the organizations of NASA, ESA, JAXA and RKA). It usually has a crew of six astronauts or cosmonauts living on board. It is permanently occupied, but the crew changes. The Hubble Space Telescope has been repaired and updated by astronauts in space several times.

There are also artificial satellites orbiting something other than the Earth. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is one of those orbiting Mars. Cassini-Huygens orbited Saturn. Venus Express, run by the ESA, orbited Venus. Two GRAIL satellites orbited the moon until December 2012. Several satellites have orbited the Sun for years. 

Artificial satellites have several main uses:

Most of the artificial satellites are in a low Earth orbit (LEO) or a geostationary orbit. To stay in orbit, the satellite's sideways speed must balance the force of gravity. Satellites in low orbit are often less than one thousand kilometers above the ground. Close to the Earth, in LEO, the satellites must move faster to stay in orbit. Low orbits work well for satellites that take pictures of the Earth. Many do jobs that call for high orbital inclination (they swing above and below the equator), so they can communicate, or look at other areas. It is easier to put a satellite in low Earth orbit, but the satellite appears to move when viewed from Earth. This means a satellite dish (a type of antenna) must be always moving in order to send or receive communications with that satellite. 

Medium orbit works well for GPS satellites - receivers on Earth use the satellite's changing position and precise time (and a type of antenna that does not have to be pointed) to find where on Earth the receiver is. But constantly changing positions does not work for satellite TV and other types of satellites that send and receive a lot of information. Those need to be in geostationary orbit. 

A satellite in a geostationary orbit moves around the Earth as fast as the Earth spins, so from the ground it looks like it is stationary (not moving). To move this way, the satellite must be straight above the equator, and 35,786 kilometers (22,236 miles) above the ground.



Césarville-Dossainville

Césarville-Dossainville is a French village in the "département" of Loiret and the "région" of Centre.





La Marseillaise

"The Marseillaise" () is the national anthem of France. The song was made by Rouget de Lisle in Strasbourg on 26 April 1792, after France declared war against Austria. It was first called "Chant de guerre pour l'armée du Rhin" (meaning "Marching Song of the Rhine Army").

It was first adopted in 1795 as the national anthem of the French First Republic by the French National Convention.

As the French Revolution roared on, monarchies from countries next to France grew worried that the ruckus would come into their territories. To stop the French Revolution from spreading, the War of the First Coalition began, in which Coalition armies invaded France. On 25 April 1792, Strasbourg mayor Baron Philippe-Frédéric de Dietrich asked his freemason guest Rouget de Lisle to compose a song "that will rally our soldiers from all over to defend their homeland that is under threat." That evening, Rouget de Lisle wrote "Chant de guerre pour l'Armée du Rhin," which he dedicated to Baravian Marshal . De Dietrich was executed, however, the next year during the .

The tune of the song became an "anthem" for the French Revolution. The name of the song was then changed to the title "La Marseillaise", after it was first sung on the streets by volunteers from the city of Marseille at the end of May. They were entering the capital city of Paris on 30 July 1792, and troops adopted it as the marching song of the National Guard of Marseille.

"La Marseillaise" is France's first ever anthem and was accepted as the French national anthem by the National Convention on 14 July 1795. It later lost its status under Napoleon I, and the song was banned by Louis XVIII and Charles X. It regained its status as national anthem right after the July Revolution of 1830. During Napoleon I's reign, "Veillons au salut de l'Empire" (meaning "Let's Ensure the Salvation of the Empire") was the unofficial anthem of his reign, and under Napoleon III's control, it was "Partant pour la Syrie" (meaning "Leaving for Syria"). Eventually, the French government brought back "La Marseillaise" to try to spread patriotism to the French people during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. A year later, after that war ended, "La Marseillaise" was adopted by the Paris Commune, although it had new lyrics under the title "La marseillaise de la Commune" (meaning "The Marseillaise of the Commune"). Eight years later, in 1879, it was one again the national anthem of France, and has remained so ever since.

The lyrics mention about the time when France was being invaded by Prussia and Austria, while it was written. The city of Strasbourg in eastern France was attacked a few days later. The invading forces were kicked out of France following their defeat in the Battle of Valmy. As the majority of Alsatians did not speak French, a German version titled "Auf, Brüder, auf dem Tag entgegen" was published in October 1792 in Colmar.

Only the first stanza (and sometimes the fourth and sixth) and the first chorus are sung today in France. There are some slight historical variations in the words of the song; the following is the version listed at the official website of the French presidency.

These verses were removed from the national anthem.
France is a country made up of various ethnicities on which they have historically settled. As such, many regional languages are spoken to this day. These languages include Alsatian (a German dialect spoken in the east of France), Basque (a language isolate spoken in the southwest of France), Breton (a Celtic language spoken in the northwest of France), Catalan (a language intelligible between French and Spanish, spoken in the south of France), Corsican (a language similar to Italian, spoken in the Mediterranean), Occitan (a language similar to Catalan, also spoken in the south of France), and Walloon (a language similar to French, spoken in the Wallonia region in Belgium).

The popularity of this anthem has spread across the globe. It has been translated into several languages by known poets over the course of its existence.

The Basque poet Joan Batista Arxu published a version in his 1848 collection "Kantu patriotak" (meaning "Patriotic songs").

The French national anthem has been the basis of a couple patriogic songs written in the Walloon language as part of the Walloon Movement.

There have been many different variants of the song, including:

In Russia, "La Marseillaise" was used as a republican revolutionary anthem by Russian French speakers in the 18th century. In 1875 Peter Lavrov wrote the original Russian text (not translated from the French lyrics) to the same tune, known as the "Worker's Marseillaise", which became very popular in Russia and was used in the Russian Revolution of 1905. After the February Revolution, it was used as the semi-official national anthem of the Russian republic, and after the October Revolution, it was official along with The Internationale.

Composers have often quoted "La Marseillaise" in their music; for example, Tchaikovsky uses it in the 1812 overture.

Nashville, Tennessee

Nashville is the capital and largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is on the Cumberland River in Davidson County. Nashville is the home of the Grand Ole Opry, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and many major record labels.

Nashville has 689,447 people in it (according to the 2020 census). A resident of Nashville is called a "Nashvillian".

The City of Nashville and Davidson County joined in 1963 as a way for Nashville to fight the problems of urban sprawl. The joint metropolitan government offers services such as police, firefighting, electricity, running water, and waste water disposal.

On March 3, 2020, a tornado tracked west to east, just north of the downtown Nashville area, killing at least 25 people and leaving tens of thousands without electricity.

On December 25, 2020, a suicide bombing happened in the city.

Nashville sports teams include:


Notes


Salem, Oregon

Salem (IPA: [ˈseɪ lm̩]) is the capital city of the state of Oregon in the United States of America, and county seat of Marion County. In 2020, there were 175,535 people living in Salem. It is in the Willamette Valley.


Harrisburg, Pennsylvania

Harrisburg is the capital city of Pennsylvania, one of the four U.S. states called a "Commonwealth" of the United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city has 50,099 people living in it.

Harrisburg is the county seat of Dauphin County and is on the Susquehanna River, 105 miles (169 km) northwest of Philadelphia.

Originally the home to Native Americans, Captain John Smith first made contact with them in 1608. In 1719, English trader John Harris, Sr. built a home on the bank of the river, and by 1785 obtained the land from William Penn, creating the settlement of "Harrisburg" named after Harris.



Olympia, Washington

Olympia is the capital city of the state of Washington, in the United States of America. It became a city on January 28, 1859. As of the 2010 census, it has 46,478 people living in it. The people of Olympia are called "Olympians". Olympia is the county seat of Thurston County.

Olympia is located at 47°2'33" North, 122°53'35" West (47.042418, -122.893077).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total size of 48.0 km² (18.5 mi²). 43.3 km² (16.7 mi²) of it is land and 4.7 km² (1.8 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 9.77% water.

Olympia is on the water (Puget Sound) and close to dark green forests and high mountains (the Olympic Mountains and Mount Rainier). On most days of the year the sky is full of clouds and it rains, but sunny weather is more common in July, August, and September.

Many people in Olympia work for the government of the State of Washington. Every year, state representatives and state senators come to Olympia to make laws and to pass a budget for the state government.

Olympia is the home of the Olympia Farmers Market and The Evergreen State College.

Every April, the people of Olympia celebrate the "Procession of the Species,". It is a parade. Many Olympians, of all ages, dress up to look like animals, birds, fish, plants, and even insects, and walk in the parade. Some also play drums or dance the samba.


Invertebrate

An invertebrate is an animal that does not have a spinal column or "backbone". This contrasts with vertebrate: if an animal is not a vertebrate (fish, reptile, amphibian, bird, or mammal), it is an invertebrate.

The main phyla (groups) of invertebrate animals are:

Insects and other arthropods have no bones, but they have a skeleton on the outside of their bodies, called an exoskeleton. 

There are 18 more groups of invertebrates, mostly minor: see List of animal phyla.

Sugar, We're Goin Down

"Sugar, We’re Goin' Down" is the first single from the "From Under the Cork Tree" album, by Fall Out Boy and it was the song that made them famous. It was released in 2005.

Lawrence of Arabia

Lawrence of Arabia is a British epic movie from 1962, based on the life of T. E. Lawrence. It stars Peter O'Toole as the title character, along with Omar Sharif and Alec Guinness. The opening scene of the movie shows Lawrence dying in a motorcycle accident. The movie then goes into a series of flashbacks (past events) from his life.

The 1982 movie "Gandhi" follows the story pattern of "Lawrence of Arabia's": after the main character dies at the start, it moves into a series of flashbacks from Gandhi's life.

"Lawrence of Arabia" won seven Academy Awards, one of them for Best Picture.

Considered one of the greatest movies ever made, it has appeared on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list (as the number five selecion).

A director's cut of the movie, running at 216 minutes, has no women talking in it.


Glyphosate

Glyphosate is a non-selective herbicide used in agriculture for the control of weeds, shrubs, and grasses. One brand name it is sold as is Monsanto's "Roundup". It is also used in genetically modified crops.

There are many studies indicating glyphosate is dangerous for animals, including humans.


Pudding

Pudding is a popular dessert and snack. It tastes sweet, and comes in many flavors. The most common kind of pudding is chocolate. Some other kinds are vanilla, butterscotch, banana, and pistachio. Most pudding today is made out of milk, sugar, flavoring, and flour. Eggs can be used, too. If you do not want to make the pudding, you do not have to. The grocery store sells pudding that is already made. One of the most popular makers of pudding in the United States is Jell-O.

In Britain, the word "pudding" is often used for any dessert, especially a dessert made with flour and eggs and cooked by steaming, boiling or baking, e.g. treacle pudding, chocolate pudding or Spotted Dick (pudding with raisins or currants). There are also milk puddings such as rice pudding or semolina.

Confusingly, "steak and kidney pudding" is a savoury dish, similar to "steak and kidney pie" but with a softer pastry.

Sigmund Freud

Sigmund Freud (Moravia, 6 May 1856 – London, 23 September 1939) was an Austrian neurologist (a person who treats the nervous system). He invented the treatment of mental illness and neurosis by means of psychoanalysis.

Freud is important in psychology because he studied the unconscious mind. The unconscious part of the mind cannot be easily controlled or noticed by a person.

In 1860, he and his family to Vienna. He did well in school and became a doctor. Freud married Martha Bernays in 1886. They had six children.

Freud lived in Austria in the 1930s. After the Anschluss, Germany and Austria were combined. Because he was Jewish, he received a visit from the Gestapo. Freud and his family did not feel safe anymore. Freud left Vienna and went to England in June 1938.

Freud developed a theory of the human mind (its organisation and operations). He also had a theory that human behaviour both conditions and results from how the mind is organised.

This led him to favor certain clinical techniques for trying to help cure mental illness. He theorised that personality is developed by a person's childhood experiences.

Freud began his study of medicine at the University of Vienna at the age of 17. He got his M.D. degree in 1881 at the age of 25 and entered private practice in neurology for financial reasons.

Freud hoped that his research would provide a solid scientific basis for his therapeutic technique. The goal of Freudian therapy, or psychoanalysis, was to bring repressed thoughts and feelings into consciousness in order to free the patient from suffering distorted emotions.

Classically, the bringing of unconscious thoughts and feelings to consciousness is brought about by encouraging a patient to talk in free association and to talk about dreams.
In November 1880 Breuer was called in to treat a highly intelligent 21-year-old woman (Bertha Pappenheim) for a persistent cough which he diagnosed as hysterical. He found that while nursing her dying father she had developed a number of transitory symptoms, including visual disorders and paralysis and contractures of limbs, which he also diagnosed as hysterical.

Breuer began to see his patient almost every day as the symptoms increased and became more persistent. He found that when, with his encouragement, she told fantasy stories her condition improved, and most of her symptoms had disappeared by April 1881. However, following the death of her father in that month her condition deteriorated again. Breuer recorded that some of the symptoms eventually remitted spontaneously, and that full recovery was achieved by inducing her to recall events that had precipitated the occurrence of a specific symptom. This recovery is disputed.

Freud famously proposed that unconscious memories of infantile sexual abuse were at the root of the psychoneuroses. However, patients were generally unconvinced that Freud's clinical procedure indicated actual sexual abuse. He reported that even after a supposed "reproduction" of sexual scenes the patients assured him emphatically of their disbelief.

As a medical researcher, Freud was an early user and proponent of cocaine as a stimulant as well as analgesic. He wrote several articles on the antidepressant qualities of the drug and he was influenced by friend and confidant Wilhelm Fliess, who recommended cocaine for the treatment of "nasal reflex neurosis".

Freud felt that cocaine would work as a cure for many conditions and wrote a well-received paper, "On Coca", explaining its virtues. He prescribed it to his friend Ernst von Fleischl-Marxow to help him overcome a morphine addiction acquired while treating a disease of the nervous system. Freud also recommended cocaine to many of his close family and friends.

Reports of addiction and overdose began to come from many parts of the world. Freud's medical reputation became somewhat tarnished because of this early ambition. Furthermore, Freud's friend Fleischl-Marxow developed an acute case of 'cocaine psychosis' as a result of Freud's prescriptions, and died a few years later. Freud felt great regret over these events.

Freud made arguments about the importance of the unconscious mind in understanding conscious thought and behavior.

However the unconscious was not discovered by Freud. Historian of psychology Mark Altschule concluded, "It is difficult—or perhaps impossible—to find a nineteenth-century psychologist or psychiatrist who did not recognize unconscious thought as not only real but of the highest importance". Freud's advance was not to uncover the unconscious but to devise a method for systematically studying it.

Freud called dreams the "royal road to the knowledge of the unconscious in mental life". This meant that dreams illustrate the "logic" of the unconscious mind. Freud developed his first topology of the psyche in "The Interpretation of Dreams" (1899) in which he proposed that the unconscious exists and described a method for gaining access to it. The preconscious was described as a layer between conscious and unconscious thought; its contents could be accessed with a little effort.

One key factor in the operation of the unconscious is 'repression'. Freud believed that many people repress painful memories deep into their unconscious mind.

Freud hoped his model was universally valid and so turned to ancient mythology and ethnography for comparative material. Freud named his new theory the Oedipus complex after the famous Greek tragedy "Oedipus Rex" by Sophocles. "I found in myself a constant love for my mother, and jealousy of my father. I now consider this to be a universal event in childhood." Freud said. Freud sought to anchor this pattern of development in the dynamics of the mind. Each stage is a progression into adult sexual maturity, characterized by a strong ego and the ability to delay gratification (cf. "Three essays on the theory of Sexuality").

He used the Oedipus conflict to point out how much he believed that people desire incest and must repress that desire. The Oedipus conflict was described as a state of psychosexual development and awareness.

Freud originally thought child sexual abuse was a general explanation for the origin of neuroses, but he abandoned this so-called "seduction theory". He noted finding many cases in which apparent memories of childhood sexual abuse were based more on imagination than on real events.

During the late 1890s Freud, who never abandoned his belief in the sexual cause of neuroses, began to emphasize fantasies built around the Oedipus complex as the primary cause of hysteria and other neurotic symptoms. Despite this change in his explanatory model, Freud always recognized that some neurotics had in fact been sexually abused by their fathers. He explicitly discussed several patients whom he knew to have been abused.

Freud also believed that the libido developed in individuals by changing its object, a process called "sublimation". He argued that humans are born "polymorphously perverse", meaning that any number of objects could be a source of pleasure. He further argued that, as humans develop, they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development – first in the oral stage (exemplified by an infant's pleasure in nursing), then in the anal stage (exemplified by a toddler's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels), then in the phallic stage.

Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object (known as the Oedipus Complex) but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature. The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development comes before the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development.

In his later work, Freud proposed that the human psyche could be divided into three parts: Id, ego, and super-ego. Freud discussed this model in the 1920 essay "Beyond the Pleasure Principle", and fully elaborated upon it in "The Ego and the Id" (1923). The Id is the impulsive, childlike portion of the psyche that operates on the "pleasure principle" and only takes into account what it wants and disregards all consequences.

The term "Ego" entered the English language in the late 18th century. "Ego" is Latin for 'I'. It attempts to balance the desires of the Id with reality. It tries to act ways that will bring benefit in the long term, rather than bring grief.

The term "Id" ('the It' or 'the Thing') represents the primitive urges to possess, conquer, dominate and achieve pleasure. It can be seen very clearly in young children, who have not yet learnt to mask their feelings.

The Super-ego is the moral component of the psyche, which makes a clear distinction between right and wrong, and makes no allowance for special circumstances.

The rational Ego attempts to get a balance between the impractical hedonism of the Id and the equally impractical moralism of the Super-ego; it is the part of the psyche that is usually reflected most directly in a person's actions.

When overburdened or threatened by its tasks, the Ego may employ defense mechanisms including denial, repression, and displacement. The theory of ego defense mechanisms has received empirical validation, and the nature of repression, in particular, became one of the more fiercely debated areas of psychology in the 1990s.

Freud believed that humans were driven by two conflicting central desires: the life drive which is called "Eros" (survival, propagation, hunger, thirst, and sex) and the death drive (Thanatos).

Freud recognized the death drive only in his later years and developed his theory of it in "Beyond the Pleasure Principle".

Freud acknowledged the tendency for the unconscious to repeat unpleasurable experiences in order to desensitize, or deaden, the body. This compulsion to repeat unpleasurable experiences explains why traumatic nightmares occur in dreams, as nightmares seem to contradict Freud's earlier conception of dreams purely as a site of pleasure, fantasy, and desire.

On the one hand, the life drives promote survival by avoiding extreme unpleasure and any threat to life. On the other hand, the death drive functions simultaneously toward extreme pleasure, which leads to death. Freud addressed the conceptual dualities of pleasure and unpleasure, as well as sex/life and death, in his discussions on masochism and sadomasochism. The tension between life drive and death drive represented a revolution in his manner of thinking.

There are four main charges against the orthodox view of Freud. They are:

Anthony Clare, psychiatrist and broadcaster, described Freud as a "ruthless and devious charlatan", and that "many of the foundations stones of psychoanalysis are phoney".



Snack

A snack is a small amount of food eaten between meals. It can be any kind of food that you do not eat in large amount. People eat snacks if they are hungry between meals. For example, eating potato chips after lunch but before dinner is eating a snack. Other foods that can be eaten as snacks are fruit, candy, muffins, ice cream, and popcorn.

Snacking has surged during the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. Now only few people do not snack. Most snacks bought are processed foods.

Providence, Rhode Island

Providence is the capital and the most populous city of Rhode Island. It was one of the first cities established in the United States. It is located in Providence County. It is the third largest city in the New England region. In the 2020 census, the city proper population was 190,934. Providence has the 38th largest metropolitan population in the country, with an estimated metropolitan population of 1,676,579. This metropolitan area includes almost all of Rhode Island and part of Massachusetts. Providence is at the mouth of the Providence River, at the head of Narragansett Bay. The city's small footprint is crisscrossed by streets at odd angles and has a rapidly changing distribution of residents.

Providence was founded in 1636 by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence" which he believed was responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers to settle. The official name of the state includes the name of the city, "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations". After being one of the first cities in the country to industrialize, Providence became noted for its jewelry and silverware industry. Today, the City of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning, which has shifted the city's economy into service industries, although it still retains significant manufacturing activity.

From colonial times to the mid-19th century, the Rhode Island General Assembly rotated meetings between the state's five county court houses. After 1853 the state legislature stopped meeting at the Kent, Washington and Bristol county courthouses, but continued to alternate its sessions between Providence State House and the Newport State House in Newport. Early in the 20th century, Providence became the only capital of the state.

On September 21, 1938, a severe Category 3 hurricane struck Providence and nearby areas. Providence was flooded with storm surge. Another hurricane hit the region in September 1944 near the Connecticut-Rhode Island border. Ten years later, Hurricane Carol struck the area as a Category 2 hurricane, bringing severe storm surge and wind to the Providence area. The storm killed 17 in Rhode Island.

I-95 runs from north to south through Providence. I-195 connects the city to eastern Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts, including New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Cape Cod. I-295 encircles Providence while RI 146 provides a direct connection with Worcester, Massachusetts. The city's Iway project is moving I-195 to free up land and to reunify the Jewelry District with Downcity Providence. I-195 currently separates these two neighborhoods. The project is estimated to cost $446 million and be completed in 2012.

 The flagship campuses of five of Rhode Island's colleges and universities are in Providence (city proper):


Columbia, South Carolina

Columbia is the state capital and the second most populous city in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 Census, it has a population of 137,300 as compared to Charleston, South Carolina, with 151,612.

It is the county seat of Richland County, but a small portion of the city is in Lexington County. It is home to the University of South Carolina.

Just east of the city is Fort Jackson, the U.S. Army's largest and most active initial entry training installation,

Columbia is on the fall line from the Appalachian Mountains. The fall line is the spot where boats cannot travel any farther upstream and is also the spot farthest downstream where falling water can usefully power a mill.

The state capital before 1790 was Charleston on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. In 1786, the legislature decided to move the money to the state's center. The site of Columbia was chosen for its location on the river just 13 miles (21  km) northwest of South Carolina's geographic center. The State Legislature first met there in 1790. After remaining under the direct government of the legislature for the first two decades of its existence, Columbia was incorporated as a village in 1805 and then as a city in 1854. Columbia received a significant stimulus to development when it was connected in a direct water route to Charleston by the Santee Canal. This canal connected the Santee and Cooper Rivers in a 22-mile (35  km) section. It was first chartered in 1786 and completed in 1800, making it one of the earliest canals in the United States. With increased railroad traffic, it ceased operation around 1850.

Columbia was one of the first planned cities in the United States. It is known for its wide streets.

After Sherman's March to the Sea the Union Army attacked and occupied Columbia, an important military center. On February 17, 1865, a fire destroyed much of the city and killed many people.

The 20th century saw Columbia emerge as a regional textile manufacturing center. In the 1920s, Columbia business people constructed a large dam on the Saluda River to make hydroelectric power. The dam, using the native red clay soil and bedrock, was the largest earthen dam in the world when it was completed in 1930. Lake Murray, formed by the dam, is 41 mil, es (66  km) long and 14 miles (23  km) wide at its widest point. When the lake was finished, it was the world's largest artificial reservoir. The company built the dam grew to become SCANA Corporation, one of Columbia's largest employers.
The city of Columbia has recently accomplished several redevelopment projects and has several more planned. The historic Congaree Vista, a district running from the central business district toward the Congaree river, features several historic buildings that have been rehabilitated.

The Central Midlands Regional Transit Authority (CMRTA), operates mass transit in the greater Columbia area including Cayce, West Columbia, Forest Acres, Arcadia Lakes, Springdale, and the St. Andrews area. CMRTA operates express shuttles and bus services serving Columbia and its immediate suburbs. The authority was established in October 2002 after SCANA released ownership of public transportation back to the City of Columbia. Since 2003, CMRTA has provided transportation for more than 2 million passengers, expanded route services, and introduced 43 new ADA-accessible buses offering safer, more comfortable transportation. CMRTA has also added ten natural gas-powered buses to the fleet.

The Central Midlands Council of Governments is investigating the potential for rail transit in the region. Routes into downtown Columbia originating from Camden, Newberry, and Batesburg-Leesville are in consideration, as is a potential line between Columbia and Charlotte connecting the two main lines of the future Southeastern High-Speed Rail Corridor.

Columbia's central location between the population centers of South Carolina has made it a transportation focal point with three interstate highways and one interstate spur.

The city and its surroundings are served by Columbia Metropolitan Airport (IATA:CAE; ICAO:KCAE). The city is served daily by Amtrak and Greyhound Lines buses.
Columbia has the main campus of the University of South Carolina, chartered in 1801 as South Carolina College and in 1906 as the University of South Carolina. The university has 350-degree programs and enrolls more than 27,500 students throughout 15 degree-granting colleges and schools. It is an urban university in downtown Columbia, just south of the Capitol.

Other colleges are Allen University, Benedict College, Columbia College, Columbia International University, Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary, and Midlands Technical College.




Pierre, South Dakota

Pierre (pronounced "peer") is the capital city of South Dakota, a state of the United States of America. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 14,091. Pierre is the county seat of Hughes County. Started in 1880 on the Missouri River across from Fort Pierre, Pierre has been the state capital since 1889.

Pierre lies on rough river bluffs overlooking the Missouri River. It is a few miles away from Lake Oahe, one of the largest man-made lakes in the world, and a very popular fishing destination.

Two airlines serving Pierre Regional Airport provide non-stop flights to Denver and Minneapolis-St. Paul.

The nearest interstate highway is Interstate 90, about 34 miles south of Pierre via U.S. Highway 83. Pierre is one of only four state capitals not served by an interstate highway.


Charleston, West Virginia

Charleston is the capital city of West Virginia, a state of the United States of America. It is where the Elk and Kanawha Rivers join in Kanawha County. As of the 2020 census, Charleston has 48,864 people living in it, which makes it the largest city in the state. It is the county seat of Kanawha County.


Madison, Wisconsin

Madison is the capital city of Wisconsin, a state in the United States of America. As of the 2000 census, it had 221,735 people living in it, making it the second largest city in Wisconsin. It is the county seat of Dane County. Madison is also home to the University of Wisconsin.


Cheyenne, Wyoming

Cheyenne is the capital and largest city of Wyoming, a state of the United States of America. At the time of the 2020 census, there were 65,132 living in Cheyenne. It is the county seat of Laramie County. Cheyenne was founded in 1867. The current mayor of Cheyenne is Patrick Collins.


Cheyenne

Cheyenne might mean:


Jeannie Longo

Jeannie Longo (born October 31, 1958 at St. Gervais-les-Bains in Haute-Savoie, France) is a female French cyclist.

One of the greats of cycling, Jeannie's list of achievements follows:










Buckminster Fuller

Richard Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller (July 12, 1895 – July 1, 1983) was an American architect, engineer, author, designer, inventor and .

Fuller published more than 30 books, inventing and popularizing terms such as "Spaceship Earth", and "Synergetics".

He also used inventions, mainly architectural designs. The best known of which is the geodesic dome, the pinnacle of which would be a 5 kilometer diameter dome over Manhattan, as well as cloud nine. Carbon molecules known as fullerenes were later named by scientists for their resemblance to geodesic spheres.


Please check UNITED STATES NAVAL HISTORY for Bucky Buckminster Fuller's service to the United States of America Navy.


Bill Harry

Bill Harry is an English author, from Liverpool. He went to college with John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe, who were members of The Beatles. They promised to make Liverpool famous with Lennon's music, Sutcliffe's paintings and Harry's writing. They did not get far together, but each member later became well-known.

Harry founded "Mersey Beat", a newspaper about the local music scene in Liverpool, in 1961. He was the first person to write news articles about the Beatles.

Over the years, Harry has been on over four hundred television and radio shows in Britain, America, Europe and Asia. Shows he has been on include "Good Morning", "Good Morning America", BBC News, Sky News, CNN, ITV and many television documentaries and movies about the Beatles. The British Council had him represent them for their Beatles exhibitions in Hong Kong. Harry has also been a guest at Beatles conventions in Britain, Europe and America.

Harry moved to London in 1966, when he was a music journalist for "Weekend Magazine", and columnist for the Fleetway magazines "Marilyn" and "Valentine".

He was given an award by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors for everything he has done for the music business in his lifetime.

In London, Harry worked with many entertainers. His job as their publicist was to deal with the media.



Paul Bremer

Lewis Paul Bremer III is an American writer and politician. He was born on September 30, 1941. He was named "Director of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance" on May 6 for Iraq in 2003, after the war..

Bremer was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He grew up in New Canaan, Connecticut. He went to school at Phillips Academy and graduated in 1959. Then he went to Yale University. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1963. In 1996, he received a master's degree from Harvard University. His degree was in business. He also received a degree in Paris.

In 1967, he joined the United States foreign service. At first he worked in Kabul, Afghanistan. He also worked in Blantyre, Malawi from 1968 to 1971. He worked for the United States State Department for 23 years. During that time, he worked for six different Secretaries of State, including Alexander Haig. A Secretary of State is the top government official in the U.S. State Department. A secretary of state is appointed by the United States President. He also worked as a deputy chief at an American embassy in the country of Norway. A deputy chief is a person in charge at the embassy.

In 1983, President Ronald Reagan appointed Bremer to the position of Ambassador to the Netherlands. He also became "Ambassador at Large for Counter Terrorism."

Bremer retired in 1989. Then he spent the next 15 years working in private (non-government) companies. One of the companies he worked for was Kissinger Associates (a company that was run by someone who used to be a Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger). He also served as a board member for several corporations. A board member is someone who makes big or strategic decisions on how a company should operate. Mr. Bremer has served on the board for corporations such as Air Products and Chemicals Incorporated, Akzo Nobel NV (a Dutch company), and Marsh Crisis Consulting Company.

Bremer speaks many languages besides English. He speaks Arabic, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Persian, German, and Spanish.

Bremer is married to named Frances Winfield. They were married in 1966. They have two adult children and two grandchildren.

After he worked in Iraq, Bremer wrote a book. The title of the book is "My Year in Iraq: The Struggle to Build a Future of Hope". The book was published in January 2006.

1530s

The 1530s was a decade that began on 1 January 1530 and ended on 31 December 1539.


William P. Frye

William Pierce Frye (September 2, 1830–August 8, 1911) was a United States politician from Maine. He served in both the United States Senate and House of Representatives.

Headache

A headache is when your head hurts. It is not when you hit your head with something and made it hurt that way, but when your head hurts from inside. Headache is the symptom of pain in the face, head, or neck.

A headache can be caused by one of several things, which are listed here:


The second edition of the International Headache Classification (ICHD-2) defines more than 220 different types of headaches in three categories:


Many headaches can be relieved with analgesics like aspirin.

Cephalalgia


In many cases headaches can be relieved naturally. Many methods such as massaging the temples near the eye, exercising your eyes (blinking, palming) and walking can all help relieve the tension of headaches. Maintaining a healthy diet, with rich proteins and iron, can keep your brain awake and healthy. One of the main factors is drinking plenty of water. These natural techniques tend to give you long-term relief whilst medication can often give you short term relief.

There are many medicines which can treat mild headaches, such as Paracetamol, Co-codamol, and Ibuprofen; but you should always consult your doctor or pharmacist before taking any.

Fever

A fever is when a person's body temperature is hotter than 37.5 degrees Celsius (99.5 Fahrenheit). Normal body temperature for humans varies based on a variety of factors, including age and level of physical activity. It is typically cited as 37 degrees Celsius (98.6 F), but naturally varies from person to person by at least .5 degrees Celsius. The actual measurement of body temperature will vary based on the location of the measurement. For a temperature taken from under the tongue, the measurement may be lower. Rectal temperatures will read about 0.3 C (0.55 F) higher, and armpit temperatures will read about the same amount lower.

When people are ill, their body's immune system fights the disease, and so the body temperature rises. Fever is a defensive measure of the body against the germs: the life cycles of the germs are disrupted when the body temperature rises.

About 38 °C (100.4 F) degrees is called a low-grade fever, and above 39.5 °C (103 F) degrees is a high-grade fever.

Children usually have a higher fever than adults; their immune system is less mature. Infants have the highest normal temperature, which decreases as people age. Some animals, especially small ones like rabbits and cats, also have a higher normal temperature than humans.

Sometimes, high-grade fever can be a medical emergency. At or above 42 °C (107.6 F) organs start taking damage that may not be repairable. While most fevers are caused by Infection, whether bacterial or viral, some fevers can be caused by cancers, including leukemia, lymphoma, and renal cell carcinoma.


Peoria, Illinois

Peoria is a city on the Illinois River in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, Peoria had more than 110,000 people living in it. It is the home of the Peoria Rivermen ice hockey team. One of Peoria's largest businesses is Caterpillar, a company that makes bulldozers, mining trucks, and other kinds of machinery.
Many people drive in and out of Peoria on Interstate 74. People also drive around Peoria on Interstate 474. Peoria is 157 miles (257 kilometers) southwest of Chicago, Illinois.
Peoria has become famous as a representation of the average American city because of its demographics and its perceived mainstream Midwestern culture. On the Vaudeville circuit, it was said that if an act would succeed in Peoria, it would work anywhere. The question "Will it play in Peoria?" has now become a metaphor for whether something appeals to the American mainstream public.

Sedative

A sedative is a depressant that lowers excitement and irritability. Doctors use sedatives to prevent nervous patients from accidentally hurting themselves or the doctor. They are also used in tranquilizer guns.

There are different kinds of sedatives:

Most sedatives act very slowly, usually in 10-15 minutes. Doctors must know a patient's weight and medical history in order give them the sedatives which are best for them.

People who have been given sedatives may seem dull, and sleepy. Since sedatives act on their ability to react, those who have been given such drugs should not do the following:
The drugs are given in clinical settings to facilitate medical procedures that would require physical restraint in a conscious patient or otherwise be unfeasible. They are also used to tranquilize dangerous animals. If the animal is in a position where it can't hurt anyone, a slow-acting sedative will be used. If the animal is out-of-control, a fast-acting sedative will be used. Fast-acting sedatives usually take between 3-5 minutes to take effect. Tranquilizer darts are rarely used on humans because there is no way to know which sedative to use and how much to use without performing a pre-anesthetic exam on the patient beforehand. There are only two known cases of a person being intentionally tranquilized, and in both cases the person doing the tranquilizing knew their target's weight and medical history.

Sedatives usually should not be taken for a longer period of time, as there are problems:

Epilepsy

Epilepsy is a chronic condition of the brain. It is characterized by seizures that do not seem to have an obvious cause. To the outside viewer, these seizures show as episodes of heavy shaking. Depending on the seizure, the shaking may be short and difficult to detect or it may be longer.

People with epilepsy are sometimes called "epileptic", but it is the fit or seizure that is "epileptic".

Many people have died from seizures.

There are many different forms of seizures, and there are also many different forms of epilepsy. Most forms of epilepsy cannot be cured. In most cases, drugs can make life easier for those suffering from it. In very few cases, (which are difficult to treat), surgery may help. In some cases, only eating special things (called a diet) may help. A special diet has been developed; it is called Ketogenic diet. When it was developed, it was mainly used to treat certain children with epilepsy, before good drugs became available. Today, it is used to treat certain cases where drugs do not seem to help.

Certain forms of the disease disappear after a time, they do for example only occur in childhood. Epilepsy is not "one" condition. Rather, it stands for a number of health problems that all show in the same ways.

The condition is very common; about one percent of people worldwide (65 million) have epilepsy. Nearly eighty percent of all cases occur in developing countries. Epilepsy becomes more common as people age. In the developed world, onset of new cases occurs most frequently in infants and the elderly. In the developing world this is in older children and young adults. Between five and ten percent of all people will have an unprovoked seizure by the age of eighty. The chance of having a second seizure is between forty and fifty percent.

The condition has many forms, but generally the following is true:
The condition is very common, and has been studied a lot. Doctors only say someone has epilepsy, if that person has had at least two seizures, for which the immediate cause cannot be seen. There are also seizures which are not caused by epilepsy. There are drugs for many forms of epilepsy that make life better for those affected. In about two thirds of the cases, taking one drug alone can make the seizures go away. The remaining third is more difficult to treat, but in many cases, a combination of drugs can at least reduce the number of seizures.

In most cases, epilepsy is caused by scars in the brain. Some forms of the condition are caused by genetic disorders, which may be passed on from the parents to the children. Very often, the actual cause for an epileptic seizure is lack of sleep, too much alcohol, or other things that cause stress.

Many countries in the world say there are special rules for people who have epilepsy. They need to be without a seizure for some time before they may drive a car. They also need to take drugs to treat their illness. In many countries, such people may not drive buses, taxis or trucks.

People having an epileptic seizure face a number of problems. The most common ones are:

In many cases, risky behaviour can provoke seizures. Such risk factors include
In many cases,a person who is able to cope with stress, who sleeps enough, and who does not drink too much can reduce the risk of having a seizure.

Trout

A trout is a kind of teleost fish that belongs to the Salmoninae subfamily of the Salmonidae family. There are many different kinds of trout. They belong to the same family as the salmon. 

Most trout are freshwater fish. They live in clear streams, rivers and lakes in America, Europe, and Asia. 

It is possible to work out the difference between a trout and any other fish, by looking for a second dorsal fin (or adipose fin). Also, you can find for spots in mature trout and parr marks in the young.

Tijuana

Tijuana ( or ; ) is a city in Mexico. It is in the north of the country and across the border from California in the United States. It is the largest city in Baja California. Tijuana is well known destination for US Tourists.

Tampa, Florida

Tampa is a city in Florida, a state of the United States. It has a population of about 384,959 people as of 2020. Tampa is 3rd largest city in Florida, and the 52nd largest city in the USA.

Tampa is the home of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tampa Bay Lightning and Tampa Bay Storm.


Diana Krall

Diana Jean Krall (born November 16, 1964) is a Canadian jazz singer and pianist from Nanaimo, British Columbia.

Krall began to play the piano when she was four years old. She began to play in restaurants when she was 15. When she was 17, she won a Vancouver Jazz Festival scholarship (student money award) to study music at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. She later moved to Los Angeles to study with Jimmy Rowles. In 1990, she moved to New York City.

Krall's 1996 album "All For You," was a tribute (way to honour someone) to the Nat King Cole trio. It was on the "Billboard" jazz charts for 70 weeks. The album was considered for a Grammy Award. She won a Grammy in 1999 for "Best Jazz Musician of the Year". Her 2001 album "The Look of Love" was #1 in Canada. It also won the Juno Award as Canadian album of the year. Her 2002 album "Live in Paris" won the Grammy for Best Vocal Jazz Record. Also in 2002, Krall won the Juno for Canadian artist of the year. Her version of the Tom Waits song "Temptation" made #1 on the World Jazz Charts in 2004.

Krall married British musician Elvis Costello in December 2003.




Juno Award

The Juno Awards are awards given to Canadian musical artists and bands, similar to the United States' Grammy Awards. The Juno awards were first presented in 1970. 

The categories for the Juno Awards are:



Half-Life 2

Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter video game created by the company Valve Corporation and released in 2004. This game is the sequel to the original Half-Life video game which came out in 1998. It is sold through the Steam platform also developed by Valve. It is also available in The Orange Box, along with and (sequels to Half-Life 2), Portal, and Team Fortress 2. Half-Life 3 is thought to be currently in development. Half-Life 2 is based on a game engine called Source. There have been many other Source-based games, such as Portal, Team Fortress 2, , and Garry's Mod (which is a mod of Half-Life 2 that later became its own game).

Half-Life was a very popular video game, and Half-Life 2 was also very popular. Many reviewers believe Half-Life 2 is better than Half-Life and one of the best games ever made. It took six years to create Half-Life 2 (from 1998 to 2004). It was supposed to be released in 2003, but it was not ready. Many fans were very angry and said Valve lied to them. However, it did release the next year (2004). It had much better graphics than Half-Life. It also had more complicated non-player characters and more of a story.

In Half-Life 2, the player is Gordon Freeman (the same character as in Half-Life). It begins about 20 years after the first Half-Life. The Combine, a group of evil aliens, took over Earth and made humans their slaves. They are spoken for by Doctor Breen, and an evil human who used to run Black Mesa. Gordon Freeman is woken up by the mysterious G-Man and placed on a train in a place named City 17, which seems to be in Eastern Europe. He finds the resistance, some humans who fight the Combine. He meets the main members of the resistance in a secret bunker. One of them Eli Vance, who worked at Black Mesa with Gordon Freeman before the Combine came. Alyx Vance is Eli's daughter. Doctor Mossman also worked at Black Mesa. She works with the resistance. Barney Calhoun was a guard at Black Mesa. Now he leads the resistance. Issac Kleiner is another scientist from Black Mesa. He owns Lamarr, one of the hostile “headcrab” aliens seen many times in the series, who has been made harmless by having her beak taken out. It is also shown that the Vortigaunts, an alien species that were enemies in the first game, have joined the resistance.

After the meeting, Gordon is accidentally teleported outside the lab and must run away from Combine soldiers. He later finds more resistance members and an airboat he uses to escape. After fighting a combine helicopter that serves as the first boss, he meets up with the main resistance leaders again. He is given a special device called a gravity gun that can pick up and throw heavy objects. He also meets Alyx’s friend, a huge robot named Dog. The Combine suddenly attacks and Gordon must flee to Ravenholm, a town that has been taken over by zombies. An eccentric monk named Father Grigori helps him kill the zombies and escape through the town’s old mines. Gordon then finds out Eli has been kidnapped by the Combine and drives a dune buggy up a long highway to find the prison he’s being held at, fighting lots of Combine soldiers and hostile aliens on the way. He then breaks into the prison and rescues Eli with the help of Alyx. In the process they find out that Mossman is a is also a traitor who helps Doctor Breen. They are teleported to safety, but arrive a week late and are told by Kleiner that a full-scale revolution has begun. Gordon leads a squad of resistance troops through the city to fight the Combine.

After fighting through the city, Gordon sneaks into the Citadel, a giant tower that Dr. Breen rules from. This leads to the final boss fight, where he stops Breen from escaping to another world through a portal. The Citadel then starts to explode, but the G-Man suddenly appears and stops time in a cryptic ending scene.


The Texas Chainsaw Massacre

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a 1974 American horror movie. It was based loosely on real events, the crimes of Ed Gein, although much of its plot is fictional. It was directed by Tobe Hooper and stars Marilyn Burns. It is the first movie of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" franchise.

It was followed by several sequels and a 2003 remake from New Line Cinema.


Encryption

Encryption allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge (such as a password). This is done with a secret code or cypher. The hidden information is said to be encrypted.

Decryption is a way to change encrypted information back into plaintext. This is the decrypted form. The study of encryption is called cryptography. Cryptanalysis can be done by hand if the cypher is simple. Complex cyphers need a computer to search for possible keys. Decryption is a field of computer science and mathematics that looks at how difficult it is to break a cypher.

A simple kind of encryption for words is ROT13. In ROT13, letters of the alphabet are changed with each other using a simple pattern. For example, "A" changes to "N", "B" changes to "O", "C" changes to "P", and so on. Each letter is "rotated" by 13 spaces. Using the ROT13 cipher, the words "Simple English Wikipedia" becomes "Fvzcyr Ratyvfu Jvxvcrqvn". The ROT13 cipher is very easy to decrypt. Because there are 26 letters in the English alphabet, if a letter is rotated two times by 13 letters each time, the original letter will be obtained. So applying the ROT13 cipher a second time brings back the original text. When he communicated with his army, Julius Caesar sometimes used what is known as Caesar cipher today. This cipher works by shifting the position of letters: each letter is rotated by 3 positions.

Most kinds of encryption are made more complex so cryptanalysis will be difficult. Some are made only for text. Others are made for binary computer data like pictures and music. Today, many people use the asymmetric encryption system called RSA. Any computer file can be encrypted with RSA. AES is a common symmetric algorithm.

Most types of encryption can theoretically be cracked: an enemy might be able to decrypt a message without knowing the password, if he has clever mathematicians, powerful computers and lots of time. The one-time pad is special because, if it is used correctly, it is impossible to crack. There are three rules that must be followed:
If these three rules are obeyed, then it is impossible to read the secret message without knowing the secret key. For this reason, during the Cold War, embassies and large military units often used one-time pads to communicate secretly with their governments. They had little books ("pads") filled with random letters or random numbers. Each page from the pad could only be used once: this is why it is called a "one-time pad".

Encryption is often used on the Internet, as many web sites use it to protect private information. On the Internet, several encryption protocols are used, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), IPsec, and SSH. They use the RSA encryption system and others. The protocol for protected web browsing is called HTTPS.
URL encryption mostly uses the MD5 Algorithm. Various algorithms are used in the internet market depending upon the need.


Gelsenkirchen

Gelsenkirchen ( , , ]; ) is a city in Germany in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is about north of Cologne in the so-called Ruhr Area.

About 269,000 people live there. In the past it was dominated by coal mining and steel industry. The city is famous for its football (soccer) club FC Schalke 04.


Pseudoscience

Pseudoscience is anything that pretends to be science but is not. Together, "pseudo-" and "science" mean "fake science". Pseudoscience may fail one or more parts of being scientific. 

Pseudoscience is "not" just an idea that is not accepted by the mainstream scientific community. It is an idea not open to testing, no matter what evidence against it is available. Despite the fact that the word pseudoscience means "false science", it is the "openness to testing" which is fundamental to science. This is more fundamental than whether a theory is accepted. After all, ideas have been proved wrong, though once they were believed to be true. Obviously, science is not always right but always "open to correction", which makes a clear difference between science and pseudoscience.

There is a difference, however, between pseudoscience and religion. Astrology is a pseudoscience, because it pretends to be based on facts, but is not. Religions make statements which are certainly not scientific, and are not meant to be. Insofar as a religion makes no factual claims, it is not open to refutation. When it does make factual claims it is vulnerable. A good example is the decision of the Catholic Church to defend the ancient ideas of the heavens (Ptolemy) against the (then) new ideas of Galileo and Copernicus.

Ideas (more properly "hypotheses") about how nature works may be considered pseudoscientific for many reasons. Sometimes, the hypothesis is just simply wrong, and can be demonstrated to be wrong. An example of this is the belief that the Earth is flat, or the belief that human female skeletons have one more rib than men do. Ideas such as these are considered unscientific because they have been proved wrong.

Sometimes, an idea "might" be true, but could never be demonstrated to be true, even in principle. For example, suppose some people believe that the Earth and the universe came into existence last Thursday. They claim that when the universe came into existence last Thursday, it was created with the "appearance" of being many millions of years old. According to these believers, even our memories of two weeks ago are actually just the false memories that came along with the creation of the universe, which took place last Thursday. Such a belief is considered pseudoscientific because it is not falsifiable—no experiment could shed light on whether this belief is true or false.

Other types of pseudoscience are considered pseudoscientific because they are based on deception, even though the idea being used is not impossible. Examples are people who claim to have made time travel devices, antigravity devices, or teleporters. Scientists simply do not have the technology to build such things at present, even though they may be able to someday.

Some ideas are "arguably" pseudoscientific. This means that some mainstream scientists consider the idea pseudoscientific and some do not. Certain ideas about how the stock market behaves fall into this category.

Pseudoscience is not exactly the same thing as biased research, where the scientist has some bad motive (such as personal gain, fame, or financial profit) for promoting their findings. It is also not the same as an untested hypothesis, which is an idea that scientists cannot test yet because they do not have the money or technology to do so. The theories of quantum gravity are untested hypotheses: scientists can easily imagine experiments to test them, but they just do not quite have the technology to do so at this time.

Examples of ideas which are not accepted by scientists, but which still have some credibility today: Dowsing (rhabdomancy, searching for water under the ground by "reading" a wooden stick) ; parapsychology or psychical research (communication in ways which is not accepted by science), psychoanalysis (wholesale acceptance of Freud's ideas).

Pseudoscholarship is anything that pretends to be scholarly and academic but is not. There are many kinds, including pseudoscience:




West Coast

West Coast could mean several places:

It can also mean:

Nuclear missile

Nuclear missiles are missiles (rockets or cruise missiles that hit something in order to destroy it) with atomic bombs. 

In the time of the Cold War the USA and the Soviet Union were enemies and thought the other side was going to attack them. To dissuade the other side from attacking, both sides built many nuclear missiles to ensure Mutual assured destruction. This meant a country that attacked would be destroyed. Treaties were made to reduce the numbers of missiles to make everyone safer.

Pituitary gland

The pituitary gland (or "hypophysis") is an important part of the endocrine system. It is at the base of the brain between the eyes. The pituitary is attached to the hypothalamus, which is also a gland. The pituitary controls a whole range of vital functions by secreting hormones.

The pituitary gland consists of two parts: the anterior pituitary and the posterior pituitary. It is functionally linked to the hypothalamus by the pituitary stalk (also called the "infundibulum").

The hypothalamus releases factors down the pituitary stalk to the pituitary gland where they cause the release of pituitary hormones. Although the pituitary gland is known as the 'master' endocrine gland, both of the lobes are under the control of the hypothalamus.
Endocrine cells of the anterior pituitary are controlled by regulatory hormones released by neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus.

The gland releases several kinds of hormones.

The endocrine cells of the anterior pituitary are controlled by neurosecretion from the hypothalamus. The anterior pituitary cells synthesizes and secretes these important endocrine hormones:


The two gonadotropins;

Here one hormone is produced:

The posterior pituitary is actually an extension of the hypothalamus. Neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus have axons that go right down into the posterior pituitary. The posterior pituitary stores and secretes the hormones produced by these neurosecretory cells:

Oxytocin is one of the few hormones to create a positive feedback loop. For example, uterine contractions stimulate the release of oxytocin from the posterior pituitary, which, in turn, increases uterine contractions. This positive feedback loop continues throughout birth labour.

Miskolc

Miskolc is the third largest city of Hungary and the capital of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county. Its population is 178.950.

Miskolc is in the north-eastern part of the country, east from the Bükk mountains, in the valley of the river Sajó and the streams Hejő and Szinva. Its area is 236.68 km².

The first known people who lived in this area are the Celts. The Hungarians came here in the end of the 9th century. The area was named after the Miskóc family who were its owners, and it was first mentioned in 1210. The family lost a war against King Charles I and the king took away their properties.

A castle was built in Diósgyőr (a town near Miskolc; it is now a part of the city) in the 13rd century. It was the favourite castle of King Louis I who lived in the 14th century. 

When Hungary was in a war with the Ottoman Empire, the Ottomans burned down Miskolc in 1544. The Austrians also burned the city down in 1707 because Prince Francis Rákóczi, who started a freedom fight against the Austrians, lived in Miskolc for a while. 
In 1724 Miskolc became the capital of the county. The city developed. In the 18th and 19th centuries the people built many important buildings: schools, churches and a theatre. In the 1786 census (when they count the people) 14.719 people lived in Miskolc and there were 2414 houses.

After the first World War Miskolc became more important, because Hungary had to give Kassa, the other important city of the area, to Slovakia. Miskolc became a centre of iron industry. In 1945 Miskolc and Diósgyőr became one city. In 1949 a university was founded in Miskolc. Lots of people moved to Miskolc because they could find new jobs in the city. In the 1980s more than 200.000 people lived here. It was the second largest city in Hungary (the first was the capital Budapest). Now Miskolc is the third largest, the second is Debrecen.

Since the 1990s the iron industry is less successful and lots of people lost their jobs. 

Miskolc is now an important cultural city and tourists like it too. The theatre holds an opera festival every year. The most beautiful parts of the city are Tapolca (with a famous warm water bath in a cave), Lillafüred (with a hotel which looks like a palace and is called Palace Hotel) and the castle of Diósgyőr.

The Avas is a hill (234 m / 780 ft high). There is a TV tower, an old church (the oldest building in Miskolc) and a large housing estate (high houses with lots of flats) on Avas.

The Downtown is the centre of Miskolc. The most important street is the Széchenyi street which is often called Main street. There are lots of nice old buildigs and lots of shops here.

Diósgyőr has a castle, some factories and housing estates. 
The University of Miskolc is a new university because it was founded in 1949. Most universities in Hungary are older and have old buildings in the downtowns. The University of Miskolc has a whole city part for itself, the buildings of the university and the houses in which the students live are in a lare park.

Lillafüred is a small village outside Miskolc, but it belongs to the city. The Palace Hotel, some caves and a nice waterfall are here.

Tourists like Miskolc-Tapolca because of its famous Cave Bath where people can bathe in warm water inside of a large cave. The houses here are expensive.

Boeing

The Boeing Company ( ) (NYSE: BA ) is an American company which makes aircraft and defense items. The company was started in 1916 by William E. Boeing in Seattle, Washington. 

Boeing has grown to become very big. It bought its main rival, McDonnell Douglas, in 1997. Boeing moved its headquarters from Seattle to Chicago, Illinois in 2001. 

Boeing is made up of many smaller parts. These parts are called divisions. The divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group.

Boeing is one of the biggest aircraft manufacturers in the world. It is the second-biggest defense contractor in the world as of 2011.


Uterus

The uterus or womb is part of the reproductive system of the female body. The uterus is the place a baby grows for nine months during pregnancy. It is a pear-shaped organ inside a woman. It is behind the bladder and in front of the rectum. The uterus weighs 70 grams. The endometrium is the tissue that lines the uterus. A hormone called estrogen makes the endometrium thick with blood and fluid. This uterine lining gives the growing baby what it needs to grow. The endometrium leaves the uterus as the monthly flow of blood (menstruation). The endometrium will form again. This happens every 28 days. The number of days can be different for each woman. The fertilized egg will move through the fallopian tube and into the uterus. It will then attach to the endometrium.

The uterus is part the female reproductive system. Other structures and organs that are part of the reproduction system are the vagina, ovaries and fallopian tubes.

The uterus has four main parts. The fundus is the upper part of the uterus. It has a rounded shape. Another part of the uterus is the body. The uterotubal angles are the parts connected to the Fallopian tubes. The bottom part of the uterus is the cervix. The uterus has three layers. The outer layer is called the perimetrium. It is a thin layer that surrounds the outside of the uterus. The perimetrium is made of tissue made of epithelial cells. The middle layer is the myometrium. Most of the uterus is made up of the myometrium. The layer on the inside is the endometrium. The endometrium is made of secretory, ciliated, and basal cells. The uterus is not in the same place for all women. It is tilted forward in most women. Other women have a uterus that tilts up or backwards.

The uterus is supplied by blood vessels. Blood travels to the uterus through arteries. The big arteries are the internal iliac arteries. The big arteries branch off into smaller arteries called the ovarian artery and the uterine artery. The smaller arteries give blood to all the layers of the uterus. The blood returns to the heart and lungs through the veins.

The uterus is held in place by ligaments. These are the anterior, posterior, lateral, uterosacral, and round ligaments. The position of the uterus can vary depending on the contents of the bladder.

The uterus changes during the life of a woman. It is inactive during childhood and old age. During the time that a woman or girl can have a baby it is a very active organ. It does many things. It is where menstruation begins, it is the place where the fertilized ovum attaches, it is the place where the baby grows, it is the strong muscle that pushes the baby out during birth.

Cancer can form in the uterus. But this is not common. There are two types of uterine cancer. These are endometrial cancer and uterine sarcoma. Endometrial cancer can grow from cells lining the uterus. Uterine sarcoma is a rare cancer that grows from cells in the smooth muscle of the uterus. Other tumors can grow in the uterus that are not cancer. One of these is a Uterine fibroid.

A girl can be born with a uterus that is not normal. When a woman has uterus that is not normal she can also have other organs that are not normal. She may not know this until she wants to have babies. Having a baby can be hard. If a woman has a uterus that is not normal, she may not be able to have babies. Many times the uterus can be corrected by surgery.

The uterus changes during pregnancy. It grows with the baby. It also has fluid and the placenta inside. It starts small but it becomes very large. It can hold as much as five to twenty liters. The uterus is made of smooth muscle called the myometrium. The cells of the myometrium grow during pregnancy. Strong fibrous tissue grows on the outside of the uterus. The myometrium grows at first but becomes thinner at the end of the pregnancy. A doctor or nurse can feel the baby through the thinning uterus.

The uterus can move down and be seen through the vagina. This can happen after a woman has a baby. Older women have this problem more than younger women. Other things that make women have their uterus drop down:


The uterus is removed by surgery for many reasons. Removing the uterus is called a hysterectomy. Surgery to remove the uterus may need to be done after having a baby. This is because the woman may be bleeding heavily. The uterus may need to removed because there is cancer growing in it.

A uterus is present when an animal gives birth to live offspring. Therefore, all mammals have a uterus except monotremes. However, humans are almost alone in having a single uterus. The other mammal which has a single uterus is the chimpanzee, our nearest living relative. Other mammals have either wholly separated uteri or uteri which are fused along part of their length.

Animals which lay eggs have an oviduct, and there are quite a few reptiles which are viviparous or ovoviviparous.


Satanism

Satanism is a word that has several different meanings. It can describe different religions and philosophies. 

Sometimes the word "Satanism" is just used to say that the person using it does not like a group, but the group themselves do not think of themselves as Satanists. Used like this, it is just used to say the speaker disapproves of a group. A lot of groups, like Pagans, or even Protestants have in the past been called Satanists by some people.

The word is often used by people who do not know much about Satanists, who think that Satanism means the worship of an evil being called Satan, and that Satanists want him to win in a war against good represented by "God". This is not true for most Satanists. For them, Satan is only a symbol for the freedom to be themselves, and the word Satan is used as a symbol for man's inner desires and for knowledge. These people read the writings of Anton LaVey and are sometimes called LaVeyan Satanists. There are several modern Satanic groups of different types, with the most well known being the Church of Satan, created in 1966 by Anton LaVey, who also wrote The Satanic Bible. Even though these types of satanists are atheists, meaning they do not believe in a higher being, they do practice magic. They believe that there is no afterlife.

Other types of Satanists do worship Satan. They are called theistic or traditional Satanists, because they believe their religion is older. They believe their religion is similar to that of Witches.

Some ethnoreligious groups were (and still are) falsely accused of being Satanists, for example: it was believed that Wiccans were Satanists because the god worshipped by them has horns (a trait commonly associated with Baphomet, a Satanic idol, when in fact it means fertility for Wiccans) and due to the demonization of paganism by Christians as well, the Kurdish Yazidi were also accused by Muslims and Christians alike of being Satanists because Melek Taûs, the central deity in Yazidism is similar to Iblis (the Islamic equivalent of Satan), and the Afro-Brazilian religions Umbanda and Candomblé were thought to be "Satanic" by Portuguese colonizers and Jesuit missionaries in Brazil and its deities ("orishas") deemed to be "demons" purely based on prejudice and racism towards the African slaves and their culture.



Decatur, Illinois

Decatur is a city in the American state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, there were about 70,000 people living in it. Many people drive in and out of Decatur on Interstate 72. There is a shopping mall in nearby Forsyth, a suburb of Decatur.

Decatur is the county seat of Macon County. Macon County was the home of the young Abraham Lincoln, later U.S. president, for a short time. The place where the Lincoln family built a log cabin and spent the winter of 1829-1830 is now a state park, the "Lincoln Trail Homestead State Park."

Elba

Elba () is third largest island of Italy, after Sardinia and Sicily. The land area of the island is about . The coastline is about 147 km. The highest mountain is Monte Capanne at 1018 metres (3340 feet). Elba and the other islands (Gorgona, Capraia, Pianosa, Montecristo, Giglio and Giannutri) of the Tuscan Archipelago are protected in the National Park of the Tuscan Archipelago. The French island of Corsica lies about 50 km to the west. Recently, the island has become famous for its wine.

The island is divided into eight communes: Portoferraio, Campo nell'Elba, Capoliveri, Marciana, Marciana Marina, Porto Azzurro, Rio Marina and Rio nell'Elba. The island has a population of about 30 000 people.

The island was well known in to the last century for the iron resources. Mines were created by the Etruscans first and (after 480 BC) the Romans. After the end of the Roman Empire, the island knew barbarians and Saracens. In the early 11th century it became a part of the Republic of Pisa. In 1398, was sold to the Visconti family of Milan. After a few years, the island was acquired by the Appiani, Lords of Piombino, who kept it for two centuries. In 1546 part of the island was controlled by Cosimo I de' Medici. He fortified Portoferraio and renamed it "Cosmopoli". In 1577, the rest of the island was returned to the Appiani. In 1603 Philip II of Spain captured Porto Azzurro and built two fortresses there.

In 1802 the island became a part of France. Following the Treaty of Fontainebleau, French emperor Napoleon I was exiled to Elba after his forced abdication in 1814 and arrived at Portoferraio on May 3, 1814 to begin his exile there. He was allowed to keep a personal guard of six hundred men. Napoleon stayed on Elba for 300 days before he escaped and returned to France on February 26 for the Hundred Days. Thanks to Napoleon Elba is well known around the world. In the Congress of Vienna the island was given to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. In 1860 it became part of the new unified Kingdom of Italy.

French troops landed on Elba on June 17 1944, freeing the island from the Germans in World War II.

There is an airport on the island, the "Airport Marina di Campo", that can connect the island with the big cities of: Friedrichshafen, Munich and Zürich.


1799

The year 1799 (MDCCXCIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday Julian calendar. It was the 1799th year of the Common Era (CE) and the Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 799th year of the 2nd millennium, the 99th year of the 18th century, and the 10th and last year of the 1790s decade. As of the start of 1799, the Gregorian calendar was 11 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923. 


Saint Helena (disambiguation)

Saint Helena can mean:

See also: St Helens; St. Helena Parish, Louisiana

1704

1704 (MDCCIV) was a leap year starting on Tuesday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Saturday in the Julian calendar.




North Africa

North Africa is the Northern part of Africa. It is usually made up of these countries:

Most of north Africa is desert, which means it is very dry and does not rain very much. The predominant ethnic groups are Arabs, Berbers and Moors (mixed Africans and Arabs). The biggest religion is Islam, meaning that most of the people are Muslims.

Sanskrit

Sanskrit is an ancient Indo-European language that originated in the Swat and northern Punjab regions of Pakistan. It is considered sacred by Hindus. Many languages in Pakistan, India, Nepal and Bangladesh are derived from Sanskrit. Today, only about 14,000 people use it as their daily language. It is also one of the 22 officially recognised languages of India. 

Sanskrit is a standardized dialect of Old Indo-Aryan and has a linguistic ancestry that can be traced back to Proto-Indo-European. The Indo-European Aryan migration theory proposes that the Indo-Europeans migrated from the Central Asian steppes into South Asia during the early 2nd millennium BC and brought the Indo-European language Sanskrit with them. The main script used to write Sanskrit today is Devanāgarī. Historically, it was also written in the Brāhmī and Kharoshti scripts.

William Jones, working as a judge in India in the 18th century, studied Sanskrit and recognised its similarities to Latin, Greek and other European languages. That led to the Indo-European languages being recognised as a group of related languages stretching from Europe to India.

Sanskrit literature includes poetry and drama and has also scientific, technical, philosophical and religious texts. Sanskrit continues to be widely used as a ceremonial language in Hindu religious rituals and also some Buddhist and Jain practice in the form of hymns and chants.
Sanskrit has a very complex grammar, with eight grammatical cases, three grammatical genders, and three grammatical numbers. Words are also described based on their qualities. Sanskrit is considered highly scientific, words in a sentence can describe the subect's number, gender and action.

Dementia

Dementia (officially major neurocognitive disorder since 2013) is a group of diseases with symptoms, which affect the way people think and interact with each other. It can often be linked to a disease or damage done to the brain. Very often, short-time memory, mind, speech and motor skills are affected. Certain forms of dementia cause a change in the personality of the sufferer. A person suffering from dementia will lose certain skills and knowledge they already had. This is the main difference to other conditions affecting the mind. People who suffer from learning problems, or lower intelligence will never acquire certain skills, people suffering from dementia will lose skills they have acquired. Dementia is more common in older people, but younger people can be affected as well. Certain forms of dementia can be treated, to some extent. The most common form of dementia is Alzheimer's disease, which accounts for between 50 and 60 percent of all cases. Other types include vascular dementia and lewy body dementia.

Famous people who suffered from dementia include Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean leader, and also Rosa Parks, the civil rights activist.

People who see the following worsen may suffer from dementia:

Behavioral changes may include: 
Some types dementia are reversible. This means the damage can be undone. Other types are irreversible. This means that they cannot be undone. Irreversible dementia is usually caused by an incurable disease, such as Alzheimer's disease. 

Reversible causes of dementia also include diffuse axonal injury after injuries to the head or the brain, known medically as Traumatic brain injury.

Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease causes a dementia that gets worse quickly, over weeks or months, and is caused by prions. ,other forms like encephalopathy or delirium may develop relatively slowly, over a number of years.

The two leading causes of dementia are Alzheimer's disease and Multi-infarct disease. Glioma related tumors are another kmown cause. Alcohol dementia, is sometimes associated with Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, and is caused by long-term or uncontrolled, heavy alcohol abuse.

Possible metabolic causes are such as liver failure or kidney failure; and chronic subdural hematoma. Possible other causes may include brain infection by illnesses like meningitis leading in cases to viral encephalitis drug toxicity (e.g. anticonvulsant drugs). A recent report by Science Daily says that researchers at the University of Bergen, in Norway have discovered a connection between Oral health and Alzheimers disease.


Elasticity (physics)

Something that is elastic can be stretched or deformed (changed) and returned to its original form, like a rubber band. It tries to come back to its first shape. The "stress" is the force applied; the "strain" is how much the shape is changed, and the elastic modulus is the ratio between those numbers.

This idea was first suggested by Robert Hooke in 1675.

The simplest model for elasticity is Hooke's law. It says that the force to stretch something (F) is proportional to the distance it is stretched (x). This is usually written as formula_1, where formula_2 is a constant called the spring constant. If it is easy to stretch a material, that material has a lower k value. 

Elastic materials are different than plastic materials. A plastic material can be stretched or deformed, but it will not return to its original form. 

Harmonica

A harmonica is small musical instrument that is played with the mouth by blowing into holes in its side. Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play. Harmonicas produce their musical sounds from the vibrations of reeds in the harmonica's metal case. Harmonicas are used in blues music, folk music, rock and roll music, and pop music. A special type of harmonica, the chromatic harmonica, is used in jazz and classical music. Harmonicas are made in several different keys: G, A♭, A, B♭, B, C, D♭, D, E♭, E, F, and F♯. Each key can play a different range of notes.

Harmonicas are played by blowing or sucking air into one side. On this side, there are many holes. Each hole has a different note. Different notes are played when you blow or suck air.


Another type of harmonica is the chromatic harmonica. More songs can be played on it than a regular harmonica, because chromatic harmonicas can play more different notes. Chromatic harmonicas have a button which moves a sliding bar. By pressing the button, the player can play a larger range of notes. 

The harmonica is called many different names, such as: mouth organ, mouth harp, Hobo Harp, French harp, Reckless Tram, harpoon, tin sandwich, blues harp, Mississippi saxophone, or simply harp.


Straits of Florida

The Straits of Florida (or Florida Straits) is a strait between the Florida Keys and Cuba.

Electron microscope

An electron microscope is a scientific instrument which uses a beam of electrons to examine objects on a very fine scale. In an optical microscope, the wavelength of light limits the maximum magnification that is possible. As electrons have a smaller wavelength, they can achieve a higher magnification, and can see very small objects - typically around 1,000 times smaller than those seen in an optical microscope. The outline of objects, as revealed by the flow of electrons, is changed into a picture using visible light for people to see. Electron microscopes were invented in Germany in the 1930s.

A beam of electrons is sent towards the specimen - some electrons are reflected, while some pass through. Those that pass through are detected and used to form an image of the specimen at a magnification of about 500,000 times. This microscope is more powerful than a light microscope.

Similar to a Transmission Electron Microscope, but the reflected electrons are detected. By measuring the reflected electrons, some information about the surface of the specimen can be gathered.

A narrow beam of electrons is moved across the specimen and a picture is built up piece by piece by detecting how the electrons are reflected or absorbed as it moves.

It combines the high magnification of TEM with the better surface detail of SEM. It can be used to perform complex analysis on the specimen, which cannot be done using TEM alone.


Insomnia

Insomnia is when people cannot sleep for long or short periods. A person with this problem is called an "insomniac". Insomnia can mean a problem with getting to sleep or a problem with staying asleep. Insomnia is a symptom and not a disease or illness.

There are at least three different types of insomnia:

There are many causes of insomnia. Some of them are:

There are drugs available that can help treat the different kinds of insomnia. In some cases, there are also certain herbs that can help. A third way that seems to help is a type of therapy that aims at changing the behaviour of those affected.

Airbus A320 family

The Airbus A320 family is a family of jet airliners. It only has two rows of seats, which means it is a narrow-body plane. The family is made by Airbus and it is made up of the A318, A319, A320 and A321, as well as the ACJ business jet. The A320 family is made in Toulouse, France, and Hamburg, Germany. Since 2009, an airplane plant in Tianjin in the People's Republic of China has also been making aircraft for Chinese airlines. In June 2012, Airbus said that it would start making some A319, A320, and A321 planes in Mobile, Alabama. The planes in the family can hold up to 220 passengers and they have a range of . The range depends on the model.

The first plane in the A320 family was the A320, which was launched in February 1981. It first flew on 22 February 1987 and the first A320 was delivered in 1988. The family got bigger over time, and there are now three other aircraft in the family: the A321 (first delivered 1986), the A319 (1996) and the A318 (2003). The A320 was the first airliner to have fly-by-wire flight control systems. It was also the first commercial airliner to have side-stick controls. (A side-stick is a small joystick which is used to fly the plane instead of a yoke.)

On 1 December 2010, Airbus announced a new version of the plane, called the A320neo. With the A320neo, new engines will be used (the CFM International LEAP-X and the Pratt & Whitney PW1900G) and some improvements have been made to the outside of the plane. Winglets have also been added, which Airbus calls "Sharklets". The A320neo will use 15% less fuel than the current A320. Virgin America is the A320neo's launch customer. As of 31 December 2011, 1,196 A320neo aircraft have been ordered by 21 airlines, which makes it the fastest-selling commercial aircraft in history.

As of June 2013, 5,635 Airbus A320 family aircraft have been delivered, and 5,443 of these are still being used. As well as this, 4,014 planes are on order. The A320 family's main rivals are the Boeing 737, 717, 757 and the McDonnell Douglas MD-80. Although the 717 is not used on most airlines, only Delta and Hawaiian Airlines still use it. See Boeing 717 for more information.

The A320 was the world's first commercial jet to use a small joystick, also called a "sidestick", to fly it instead of a normal yoke (a steering-wheel like device). This matched the new digital 'fly-by-wire' system, the first use of this in a civilian aircraft, which makes the A320 much easier and safer to fly.

The A320 also has a full "glass-cockpit", where most instruments in the cockpit (the front part of the plane where the pilot is) have been replaced by television screens. Most of the technology first used on the A320 has been used in other Airbus aircraft made afterwards. Other manufacturers, like Boeing, have also used much of the technology like a glass-cockpit and fly-by-wire in the Boeing 777.

The A319, A320 and A321 have engines made by two different companies; International Aero Engines (IAE) supply the V2500 and CFM International provide the CFM56. Over 54% of A320s in the air today have CFM engines.

The significantly smaller A318 has either Pratt and Whitney PW6000 engines or CFM56-5. The PW6000 was not as good as expected and this may have reduced the number of sales; several airlines cancelled their orders before the more efficient CFM engine arrived.

The A320 has been shortened to produce the A319 and stretched to produce the A321. Recently it was shortened even more to make the A318. However this version has not sold as well and the only large operator is Frontier Airlines.

These different versions are known as "A320 derivatives". When talking about all of them, they are known as the "A320 family" or "A32x".

Changes in size are done by removing or adding sections of fuselage (the part of the aircraft passengers sit in) and adjusting the power of the engines. Airbus try to keep the airplanes the same where possible, to reduce operating costs.

Pilots only need one licence (called a type rating) to fly all A320 derivatives.

The A320 has been very reliable in service. Many early problems were caused by pilots not being use to the new "glass cockpit" and "fly-by-wire", but these no longer happen. In recent years, the A320 has had a number of problems involving its front undercarriage. The following accidents are some of those which have occurred since 1988:

Seven incidents of nose gear malfunction, including JetBlue Airways Flight 292.

This information comes from: Airbus.



Priest

A priest or priestess is a person who is allowed to do religious rites. Their office or position is the priesthood, a word which can also be used for such persons collectively. In most religions and cultures in history there have been priests, although they have a lot of different names, and follow different rules. 

A priest is a member of a church that has been told to look after his (spiritual) community. He is the head of a parish.


To become a Catholic priest, you are required to study Theology. The Orthodox and Protestant Churches also have laymen as clergy.

Catholic priests are not allowed to marry meaning that they have to be celibate. Orthodox priests can be married, but they must not marry after they become a priest. Anglican priests can get married before or during the time they are a priest.

The Catholic Church does not allow women to become priests. However, some Anglican Churches allow women to be priests.

Higher priests are called Bishops and Archbishops in the Anglican Church. John Sentamua and Rowan Williams are the archbishops of York and Canterbury. In some denominations only men can become priests.

The Orthodox Church has a higher priest called a Patriarch. The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, like the Roman Catholic Church has a Pope, Pope Tawadras.

Many Protestant churches have ministers or pastors instead of priests.

In Japan there are Buddhist priests and nuns, Shinto priests and priestesses ("kannushi") as well as clergy in the Christian traditions.

Red Sea

The Red Sea is a sea between the Arabian Peninsula of Asia in the northeast and Africa in the southwest. It is a part of the Indian Ocean. The Red Sea is about 2200 km long and less than 330 km wide.

Many ships go through the Red Sea because the Suez Channel at the north end connects the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea. Bab-el-Mandeb in the south is a gate to the Indian Ocean. Ports include Suez, Port Sudan, Massawa, Yanbu al-Bahr, Jeddah, Aqaba and Eilat. 

The Red Sea has that name because it sometimes looks red from the red algae. The water has more salt and is clearer than water of most other seas because almost no rivers run into it.

The climate is dry and warm. Many people, including those from Europe, like to vacation there. Some of them are divers and want to see the beautiful coral reefs and fish. Seaside resorts include Sharm el-Sheikh, Eilat or Hurghada. 

The countries next to the Red Sea are Egypt, Sudan, Eritrea, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Israel.

According to the book of Exodus, God parted it for Moses and the Israelites so they could escape from the Egyptian Army.

List of country calling codes

The page is a list of country calling codes. These are area codes for telephone numbers.

Places in the NANPA (North American Numbering Plan Area) have been given area codes as if they were all areas inside one country.




Charles Lindbergh

Charles Augustus Lindbergh (February 4, 1902 – August 26, 1974), known as "Lucky Lindy" and "The Lone Eagle", was a pioneering United States airplane pilot. He became famous for making the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.

Lindbergh was born in Detroit, Michigan. His parents were Swedish immigrants. He grew up in Little Falls, Minnesota. His father, Charles August Lindbergh, was a lawyer and later a U.S. congressman, who was against the United States entering into World War I. His mother was a teacher. While he was young, he was interested in machines. In 1922 he joined a pilot training program with Nebraska Aircraft, bought his own airplane, and became a stunt pilot. In 1924, he started training as a pilot with the United States Army Air Corps.

After finishing first in his class, Lindbergh took his first job as pilot of an airmail route in St. Louis. He flew the mail in an airplane.

In April 1923, while visiting friends in Lake Village, Arkansas, Lindbergh made his first ever flight over Lake Village and Lake Chicot.

Lindbergh gained fame around the world as the first pilot to fly solo (alone) and non-stop across the Atlantic Ocean. He flew from Roosevelt Airfield (Nassau County, Long Island), New York, USA to Paris, France on May 20-21, 1927 in his single-engine airplane "The Spirit of St. Louis". He needed 33.5 hours for the trip. When he arrived back in the United States, many warships and aircraft escorted him to Washington, D.C. where President Calvin Coolidge gave him the Distinguished Flying Cross.

Lindbergh's act won him the "Orteig Prize", which was 25,000 US dollars. A parade was held for him on 5th Avenue in New York City on June 13, 1927. At the end of the year, he was named "Time"'s first Man of the Year.

He served on a variety of national and international boards and committees, including the central committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States.

Lindbergh's Medal of Honor recognized that he had done something unique. This is one of only two medals given for conduct during peacetime.

The words of Lindbergh's citation explain:.
For displaying heroic courage and skill as a navigator, at the risk of his life, by his nonstop flight in his airplane, the "Spirit of St. Louis," from New York City to Paris, France, 20-21 May 1927, by which Capt. Lindbergh not only achieved the greatest individual triumph of any American citizen but demonstrated that travel across the ocean by aircraft was possible.

Lindbergh married Anne Morrow in 1929. In 1932 he made headlines again, when his baby son, Charles Lindbergh III, was kidnapped and murdered. Bruno Hauptmann was convicted of the crime and later put to death in the electric chair. The Lindberghs later moved to Europe. He died of lymphoma on August 26, 1974, in Hawaii.

Lindbergh is honored in aviation for mapping out polar air-routes, flying at high altitudes, and decreasing fuel use.

Lindbergh's legacy is, in part, his unique solo flight which changed public opinion about the value and significance of aircraft and air travel. In greater part, his legacy developed from what he did with his status and fame. He used his celebrity to advance aviation across the world.

A developing Lindbergh legacy is in life sciences.

Pilot

A pilot is a person that drives a transport vehicle such as an airplane, spacecraft, or boat. All types of pilots must pass tests and obtain a license before they can operate the vehicle. 

An aircraft pilot is usually in charge of a flying machine for the whole trip. Some larger aircraft have both a pilot and a co-pilot so one can rest while the other works or both can work at busy times such as take-off and landing. Drone pilots usually stay on the ground and operate the machine by radio control. Sometimes one pilot handles several drones at the same time.

Maritime or ship pilots usually only guide the ship through an especially difficult place such as a harbor which they have carefully studied. They are usually aboard only during this passage. 

Charles August Lindbergh

Charles August Lindbergh, Sr. (January 20, 1859 – May 24, 1924), was a United States Congressman for 6th District of Minnesota from 1907 to 1917. He was the father of Charles Lindbergh.


Faroe Islands

The Faroe Islands or Føroyar (that meaning "Sheep Islands") are a group of eighteen islands in the north Atlantic Ocean between Scotland, Norway, and Iceland.

They are a part of the Kingdom of Denmark, but have had local (autocratic) rule since 1948, and people in the Faroe Islands have had the right to do business with people from all countries since 1856. Most government matters are controlled by the Faroese government, except for military defense.
The Faroes have similarities to Iceland, Shetland, the Orkney Islands, the Outer Hebrides and Greenland. The island group, or archipelago, left Norway in 1815. The Faroes have their own representatives in the Nordic Council.

The first recorded evidence of people living in the Faroe Islands was written in the 9th century. Irish monks had lived here.

Administratively, the islands are divided into 34 municipalities within which there are 120 or so cities and villages. Traditionally, there are also the six "sýslur" ("regions"; Norðoyar, Eysturoy, Streymoy, Vágar, Sandoy and Suðuroy).

The Faroe Islands are eighteen islands off the coast of Northern Europe, between the Norwegian Sea and the north Atlantic Ocean. Its area is 1,399 square kilometres (540 sq. mi), and has no major lakes or rivers. There are 1,117 kilometres (694 mi) of coastline, and no land boundaries with any other country. The only island that does not have anybody living on it is Lítla Dímun.


Fish, raising sheep, and tourism are important parts of the economy of the Faroe Islands. The economy was in trouble around 1990. Unemployment decreased in the later 1990s. It was down to about 6% at the end of 1998. By June 2008 unemployment had declined to 1.1%, before rising to 3.4% in early 2009. However, since fishing is so important to the economy, if there are problems with fishing, the economy could be in trouble Since 2000, new business projects have been created in the Faroe Islands to attract new investment. The introduction of Burger King in Tórshavn was widely publicized but no one knows how things will go for this company. Trades on the islands are easy by the bridges or the tunnels that connect 80% of the population in the islands.

The national holiday Ólavsøka, is on 29 July. It commemorates the death of Saint Olaf. The celebrations are held in Tórshavn. They start on the evening of the 28th, and go until 31 July.

The official part of the celebration starts on the 29th, with the opening of the Faroese Parliament. In the day there is a procession with many people from the churches in the islands.

The Nordic House in the Faroe Islands () is the most important cultural institution in the Faroes. It supports Nordic and Faroese culture, locally and in the Nordic region. The House is managed by a director changed every four years.

In the islands there are many artists and musicians, with the most famous listed below:

Musicians:

Bands:

In the Islands,there are music festivals,where international musicians participating, like

Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables. A very important meat in the islands is lamb, the first ingredient of many dishes. Other typical dishes from the islands are fresh fish, blubber, whale, seabirds, and Faroese puffins and their eggs.

The climate is defined as subarctic oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfa), with cool summers, and with cold winters. Usually there is fog or a heavy wind that causes air traffic problems.

There are more sheep than people in the Faroe Islands. The islands have no native mammals, because the islands are far away from land. Many species of birds live sometimes in the islands, like eider, starling, wren, guillemot, and black guillemot. Only a few species of wild land seals live in the Faroe Islands today, the grey seals. Sometimes tourists can see whales in the waters near the islands.
Grey Seals are very common around the Faroese shores. The natural vegetation of the Faroe Islands is like in the Scottish islands or in Ireland. It is mostly wild flowers, grasses, moss and lichen.


Faroese language

Faroese is the Germanic language of the Faroe Islands spoken by about 70,000 people. The language came from Old Norse which was spoken in the Middle Ages. Faroese is the most similar to Icelandic. The alphabet has 29 letters that come from the Latin alphabet.

Laura Ingalls Wilder

Laura Ingalls Wilder (February 7, 1867 - February 10, 1957) was an American writer. She was born in Wisconsin and spent her childhood in Missouri and Kansas. She became a teacher in South Dakota at age 16.

Wilder is best known as the author of the "Little House on the Prairie" series of books. A TV series, "Little House On the Prairie", was inspired by the story of her life as told in her books. The series starred Melissa Gilbert as Laura and Michael Landon as Charles 'Pa' Ingalls.


Mestizo

Mestizo (meh-STEE-tzo) is a Spanish term for a person who is of mixed European (usually Spanish) and Amerindian ancestry.

Mestizos have existed since the time when Spain controlled much of what is now Latin America. A mestizo was usually the son of a Spanish father and a Native American mother. Mestizos form the largest part of the population in some Latin American nations, a large minority of mestizos makes up most of the population in Mexico, which is the Spanish-speaking nation with the largest population in the world.

During the colonial era, many Native Americans were converted to Roman Catholicism and began using the Spanish language instead of their traditional one. This was because of the concept that existed in the Spanish colonies which gave more "value" to European people over Native Americans and Africans. Because of this, many Native Americans gained better social status by calling themselves "mestizos" instead of "indios."

Indo-Mestizo (also known as Cholo) is a Spanish term for a person who is around 3/4 Native American and 1/4 Caucasian ancestry and an unfortunate derogatory term used by the European cast system for racial discrimination against Original Native people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casta

Indo-Mestizos term is a racial slur used mostly to discriminate against Original Native people in Eastern and Southern Mexico, much of Northern Central America,in South American West Pacific Side Ecuador, Peru, Chile Colombia and Bolivia

Indo-Mestizos usually have more Native American traits, but may have a light pigmentation with completely Native American features, or a dark pigmenation with some obvious Caucasian features.

Famous Indo-Mestizos include Maya Zapata, George Lopez, and Danny Trejo. They are so called because of their appearance, not because of known genetic background. 

Royal Air Force

The Royal Air Force (acronym: RAF) is the air force of the United Kingdom. The RAF began in 1918 when the Royal Flying Corps (pronounced "core") and the Royal Naval Air Service joined together. It is the oldest air force in the world. The first man to lead the RAF was Hugh Trenchard. The RAF has many bases across the world, including the United Kingdom, Falkland Islands, Cyprus and Gibraltar. Some examples of the British bases are RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, RAF Valley in Wales, RAF Aldergrove in Northern Ireland and RAF Linton-on Ouse in England. The RAF has new planes including the Eurofighter Typhoon, F35 Lightning II and the BAE Systems Hawk. The Hawk is used to train fast jet pilots. At the end of 2022 the UK had 30 F35 Lightning II.

The RAF were very busy during World War II. Many important planes were built for the RAF. The Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane helped defend Britain during the Battle of Britain. The Avro Lancaster bomber attacked Germany with strategic bombing. The RAF lost great numbers of pilots and aircraft, fighting around the world and especially against the "Luftwaffe", the German Air Force.


Tequila

Tequila is a Latin American drink from Mexico that contains alcohol. It is made from a plant called agave. It contains about 40 percent alcohol, and is often used in bars and nightclubs to make mixed drinks such as the "tequila sunrise" or the Margarita.

One Thousand and One Nights

One Thousand and One Nights is an old cycle (or group) of stories that mostly come from Arabia and Persia, and a few also from India, Central Asia and China. All these stories were later collected together. There are different layers of the stories:


It is similar to "101 Nights", also known as "The Book with the Story of the 101 Nights", another Arabic story collection. The collections only have two stories in common - “The Ebony Horse” and “The King’s Son and the Seven Viziers,” popularly known as “The Book of Sinbad.”



Coup d'état

A coup d'état (pronounced []), or just coup ([]) for short, is the removal of a head of state and/or a head of government from power (overthrow). Unlike a revolution in which large numbers of people usually take over, a coup can be done by a small number of people. Even one person can cause a coup, such as Idi Amin for example, who controlled the Ugandan Army. Coups can also be organized by other countries, such as the 1953 Iranian coup d'état. One well-known failed coup was the Beer Hall Putsch in which Adolf Hitler tried to take over the government of Bavaria , a state in Germany.

The term comes from the French for "a (sudden) blow (or strike) to a state".

Informally, "coup" is sometimes used to refer to takeovers or wins, in places other than government such as in a company or corporation.

Walt Disney

Walter Elias "Walt" Disney (; December 5, 1901December 15, 1966) was an American entrepreneur, animator, writer, voice actor and film producer. Disney was an important person in the American animation industry and throughout the world. He is regarded as an international icon and philanthropist. He is well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century. Along with his brother Roy Disney, he was the founder of Walt Disney Productions. The corporation is now known as The Walt Disney Company. He is also famous for Disneyland. 

As an extraordinary animator and entrepreneur, Disney was well known as a movie producer and a showman, as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design. He and his staff created some of the world's most well-known fictional characters including Mickey Mouse. He provided the original voice for Mickey Mouse. He received four honorary Academy Awards and won 22 Academy Awards from a total of 59 nominations, including a record four in one year. It gave him more awards and nominations than any other person in history. Disney also won seven Emmy Awards. He gave his name to the Disneyland, and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the United States, as well as international resorts like Tokyo Disney Resort, Disneyland Paris, and Hong Kong Disneyland. 

He died on December 15, 1966 from lung cancer aged 65. A year later, construction of the Walt Disney World Resort began in Florida. His brother Roy Disney inaugurated the Magic Kingdom in 1971.

Walter Elias Disney was born on December 5, 1901 at 2156 North Tripp Avenue in Hermosa, Chicago, Illinois. His father, Elias Disney, had Irish-Canadian ancestry and his mother, Flora Call Disney, had German and English ancestry.
His great-grandfather, Arundel Elias Disney, had emigrated from Gowran, County Kilkenny, Ireland where he was born in 1801. Arundel Disney was a descendant of Robert d'Isigny, a Frenchman who had traveled to England with William the Conqueror in 1066. The d'Isigny name was anglicized as "Disney" and the family settled in a village now known as Norton Disney, south of the city of Lincoln, in the county of Lincolnshire.

About the time Disney was entering high school, his family moved to the city of Chicago. Disney took classes at the Chicago Art Institute and drew for the school newspaper. When he was sixteen, Disney decided he wanted to help fight in World War I. Since he was still too young to join the army, he dropped out of school and joined the Red Cross. He spent the next year driving ambulances for the Red Cross in France.

Disney's best-known creation is the cartoon character, Mickey Mouse. Disney even provided the voice for Mickey Mouse for many years. Donald Duck is another famous creation. Minnie Mouse and Pluto are also his creations. Disney was once fired from a newspaper company in Kansas City, Missouri because of his lack of creativity.

Disney began as a cartoonist in the 1920s. He created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit but lost ownership of the character due to a contract problem. He then created Mickey Mouse. Disney started the Walt Disney Studios and created the first full-length animated movie when he created "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). The movie was a huge success. The money from the movie helped Disney create many more cartoons and movies such as "Fantasia, Pinocchio" (both 1940)", Dumbo" (1941), and "Bambi" (1942). New animated and live-action films followed after World War II, including the critically successful "Cinderella" (1950), "Peter Pan" (1953), and "Mary Poppins" (1964), the latter of which received five Academy Awards. He earned 32 academy awards. Disney once refused an offer from Alfred Hitchcock to make a movie at Disney World after Hitchcock filmed "Psycho". He also served as the host of The Wonderful World of Disney, a weekly variety show that had Disney cartoons and some live-action skits.

In the 1950s, Disney created Disneyland in Anaheim, California. Disneyland was the first modern theme park. Disney also bought the land for Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. Disney did not see Walt Disney World finished though because he died before it opened. Both Disneyland and Walt Disney World (and now other Disney theme parks) are famous for their design, level of detail, being very clean, and animatronics. 

December 15, 1966, Disney died of lung cancer in Burbank, California at the age of 65. His movies and theme parks are still enjoyed by millions of people around the world. His company continues to produce very successful new theme parks, cartoons



Eucharist

The Eucharist, also called holy communion, the sacrament, or the Lord's supper, is a kind of religious ritual in many Christian churches. It started when Jesus Christ told his followers to eat bread (His body) and drink wine (His blood) in memory of him, at the Last Supper.

According to the Roman Catholic Church, the Eucharist is the true presence of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. During a Mass, through the act of transubstantiation, the bread and wine offered change, and are no longer bread and wine. They become the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ. The bread and wine do not change appearance, but they are the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, which Catholics in good standing (not in the state of mortal sin) come and receive Christ—they consume Him. This follows what was said by Christ "Eat my Body and Drink my Blood" (John ch.6). Most Protestant denominations believe that this was meant as a symbol, while the Catholic Church bases its beliefs on the tradition handed down through the church.

First century St. Ignatius of Antioch, disciple of the beloved disciple John, in speaking of "the heretics plaguing the church" in their day, wrote: "They abstain from the Eucharist because they do not confess that the Eucharist is the flesh of our Savior Jesus Christ" (Smyrnaeans, 7).

From the second century, St. Justin Martyr wrote:
"This food we call Eucharist, which no one is allowed to share except the one who believes that our teaching is true, and who has been washed with the washing that is for the remission of sins, and unto regeneration, and so lives as Christ has handed down. For we do not receive these as common bread and common drink; but just as Jesus Christ our Savior, having been made flesh by the word of God, had both flesh and blood for our salvation, so likewise we have learned that the food over which thanks has been given by the prayer of the word which comes from him, and by which our blood and flesh are nourished through a change, is the Flesh and Blood of the same incarnate Jesus" (The First Apology).

In most Protestant churches, not including Lutheranism, the sacrament of communion involves eating small wafers or Matzos and drinking wine or grape juice, and not believing that it is the actual body and blood of Jesus, but as a very important symbolic observance, and fulfillment of what Christ commanded. Some churches offer it daily, some weekly, some monthly, and some a few times a year.

Unlike the Catholic teaching, Lutherans teach that the bread and wine is Jesus' body and blood, but is bread and wine also (consubstantiation).

In the Latter Day Saints or "Mormon" Church, followers eat small pieces of bread and drink water. They believe that this is a symbol of the body and blood of Jesus, and they call it the Sacrament. They also believe that it helps them to make the promises of baptism all over again.


Stroke (disambiguation)

Stroke can mean one of the following:

Little House (book series)

Little House on the Prairie is a book written by Laura Ingalls Wilder in 1935. It is one part of series of books about Wilder's childhood in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Kansas during the late 19th century. The books have been made many times into movies and television series. Some other writers have also written books about Laura and her relatives.

The books became famous during the 20th century. During the 21st century, scholars began to look at them closely as literature and as art. Wilder has been criticized for the way she shows Native Americans and black Americans.

"Pioneer Girl" was one of the first books Ingalls-Wilder wrote, but she could not find a publisher that wanted to print it. "Pioneer Girl" is a nonfiction story of Wilder's life. Her daughter told her to write fictional stories instead. The Little House series is a different from the true story of Ingalls-Wilder's life. She was trying to tell a happy story and to show manifest destiny as a good thing. She wanted the story to make sense, so she left things out if they did not fit her ideas. The fictional books do not talk about when her family moved east to Iowa or her little brother who died young. She also invented fictional characters and made combination characters: Nellie Olson is one person in the fictional books but she was based on more than one person in real life.

In 2015, an edited version of "Pioneer Girl" was published. It has many footnotes explaining things for twenty-first-century readers.





In 2018, the Association for Library Service to Children changed the name of its "Laura Ingalls Wilder Award" to the "Children’s Literature Legacy Award" because people did not like the way Wilder wrote about Native Americans in "Little House on the Prairie". They said the book had "dated cultural attitudes toward Indigenous people and people of color that contradict modern acceptance, celebration, and understanding of diverse communities." For example, in the book, one white character says "the only good Indian is a dead Indian." Some of the words Ingalls use to describe Native Americans makes them sound like non-human animals. Other people disagreed, saying the book showed how complicated things between Native Americans and white settlers were. For example, it shows that the Ingalls family is on Indian land illegally, which means they must leave. It shows Laura asking her parents why they are in Indian territory if they don't want to be near Indians.


Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano

Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano is an Italian choir of children. It was created in Bologna in 1963 by Mariele Ventre. The children had to help singing children at Zecchino d'Oro festival. In 1995, Mariele Ventre died and the choir has a new director - Sabrina Simoni - and a new name - "Piccolo Coro "Mariele Ventre" dell'Antoniano".

Ward Cunningham

Howard G. "Ward" Cunningham (born May 26, 1949) is an American computer programmer. He started the first wiki website on March 25, 1995, and is considered the inventor of that software. He currently lives in Beaverton, Oregon.

Ward Cunningham got a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from Purdue University, and then got his master's degree in computer science from there. he has worked for Tektronix Computer Research Laboratory, the Eclipse Foundation, and Microsoft, among other places. In 2009, he joined AboutUs, an editable guide to websites.


Chain

A chain is like a rope, but made up of several elements called links.

Rope

A rope is made out of several threads. The material can be organic, like flax, or it can be small threads of steel (in case of a steel rope, wire or cable). A rope can be used to lift, or pull things, like pulling a ship into a harbor with another ship, or fixing the ship so it does not move away. The twisting of fibers in rope is what leads to its high tensile strength (meaning it's very difficult to pull apart) and this innovation allowed the rope to become a construction staple that has been used for millennia. Ropes have been used for thousands of years, from the Egyptians using them in 4000BCE and modern-day construction that relies heavily on the strength of this tool.

The X-Files

The X-Files is an American science fiction television series set in Maryland. It ran from its creation in 1993 until 2002, lasting for nine seasons. On January 24, 2016, a new season began airing. The series is about two FBI agents, Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) and Fox Mulder (David Duchovny). Together, they work to find answers to strange cases. Many of these cases have to do with aliens and the paranormal.

"The X-Files" was a very popular show; it is the second longest running science fiction show behind "Stargate SG-1". It also won awards like the Emmy Awards and the Golden Globe Awards.

The plot of the show has to do with finding the answer to mysteries, or X-Files. Mulder believes that the answers to many of these mysteries have to do with aliens and the paranormal, while Scully believes that the answer can be found using science. Sometimes, there are monsters that are introduced into the show. Episodes with monsters in them are called "Monster-of-the-week" episodes.

There is a plot in the show about Mulder's sister, Samantha Mulder. She was taken by aliens when she was little. Mulder spends a lot of time looking for her. In season seven, Mulder finds out that both the aliens and the government took his sister for experiments. They wanted to make an alien-human hybrid and used Samantha as a test subject.

Mulder and Scully believe that there is a part of the government that is helping the aliens. They find out this is true. The part of the government that helps the aliens is called "The Syndicate." The Syndicate helps the aliens to take over Earth.

Eventually, Mulder is taken by the aliens and is replaced in the series by John Doggett, another FBI agent. Doggett and Scully then work together in season eight. In season nine, Scully is replaced by Monica Reyes.


In 1998, a movie called "" was made. In the plot of the series, it is between seasons five and six. It is mainly about government conspiracy involving aliens. It was directed by Rob Bowman.

Another movie, called "", was made in 2008, six years after the season ended. The movie is more like a horror story than a story about aliens. It was directed by Chris Carter. It earned $20,982,478 in the US, earned $47,386,956 in countries outside the US, and in total earned $68,369,434.


Patent

A patent gives an inventor the right to stop other people making or using their invention. If someone makes or uses that invention without being allowed to, the inventor can sue that person in court to make them stop. The inventor can sell the patent to another person or company.

A patent lasts for up to 20 years, depending on the country. After that, anyone can copy the invention. 

Each country has its own patents. China gives Chinese patents. India gives Indian patents. The United States gives United States patents. An inventor can get a patent in any country the inventor wants. An inventor can get patents in many different countries for the same invention. Each patent in each country costs money to get.

The rules for patents are similar in most countries.

To get a patent, the inventor must ask the government by describing the invention in writing. This is called a patent application. The inventor can write the patent application, but it is usually written by a person trained to write patent applications. This person is called a patent agent or, if the person is a lawyer, a patent attorney.

The government does not usually just give the inventor a patent. Instead, the government tries to confirm whether the idea is actually new. This is called patent examination. The government will try to find books, stories, or other patents that show that the idea was not new. The inventor, or his or her patent attorney, then tries to show how the inventor's idea is actually new and is different from anything that the government finds.

If the government finds that the inventor's idea is new, it will give the inventor a patent. The government will also send the inventor a copy of his or her patent application with a special seal. This copy is the patent.

The inventor must also pay the government a tax to get a patent. Usually, an inventor pays money to ask for the patent, and the inventor pays money when they get a patent. In some countries, the owner of a patent must also pay money to keep the patent. Some can be cheap and some can be expensive.

The owner of a patent can stop other people from using their invention. If someone other than the patent owner uses the patent, this is called infringing a patent. If the owner knows that someone is infringing his or her patent, the patent owner can ask a court to stop them. If the court agrees that the other person was using the patent, the court can make that person pay a fine to the patent owner. 

The patent owner can give other people permission to use their patent. This is called a patent license. A person who wants to use another person's patent will usually pay money to the patent owner.

Patents most often cover products or processes that contain 'new' functional or technical ideas. They are concerned with how things work, how they are made, or what they are made of. Patents cover many different things such as electronics, medicines, agriculture and transport – anything in fact, from a small detail in an electric switch to an entire power station.

Usually, to get a patent there are three rules that the idea needs to follow:

Often a product is marked with a text saying 'patent pending' or 'pat. pending', which means that a patent has been asked for (part of) the product. Then people are warned that they should not copy the invention. 

Patents are usually very long. They include a number of smaller parts. A patent usually includes a section that briefly describes the idea called the abstract. It also may include a section that describes other people's inventions and how the inventor's idea is different called the "background of the invention."

The patent also includes a long description of the idea itself called a "detailed description." In this section, the inventor tries to describe every detail of his or her invention.

The patent also has a number of pictures called the "figures." The figures are usually drawn by people called draftsman that are trained to draw in a special way. The pictures are labeled with numbers to show different parts of the invention.

At the end of most patents is a section called the claims. These are usually numbered. They include a short statement that lists all of the things needed for the invention. A court will use the claims to decide if another person is "infringing" the patent.


The Wizard of Oz

The Wizard of Oz is an American musical movie. It was produced by MGM and released by MGM in 1939. The movie is based on the children's book "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum. This book was first published in May 1900. The book and movie are about a little girl's adventures in the land called Oz. This is still watched from 1939 to 2017.

The song "Over the Rainbow" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. The movie was first televised in 1957. It became an annual Thanksgiving television special for many years. The movie was named the most-watched motion picture in history by the Library of Congress.

In 1998, the movie was sixth on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. The movie has been chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Dorothy (Judy Garland) lives on a drab Kansas farm with her Auntie Em and Uncle Henry (Clara Blandick and Charlie Grapewin). A powerful storm sweeps her and her house away to the Land of Oz. Upon arriving, she arrives in a town of people called "munchkins". She soon realises that her house has crushed a witch and now the witch's magical ruby slippers belong to her. The good witch, Glinda (Billie Burke), tells her that only the Wizard of Oz (Frank Morgan) can send her back home. 

She must go to the Emerald City to see him. She sets off on the Yellow Brick Road wearing the witch's ruby slippers. She makes three friends on the road: a Scarecrow, a Tin Man, and a Cowardly Lion (Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, and Bert Lahr).

On the way to Emerald City, the friends are tormented by The Wicked Witch of the West (Margaret Hamilton). She is the sister of the witch Dorothy killed. She wants the ruby slippers. Dorothy won't give the slippers to the witch. The friends arrive in Emerald City. The Wizard refuses to help them unless they defeat the Wicked Witch. The friends go to the Witch's castle and are captured. The Witch tries to torture the scarecrow with fire so Dorothy throws a bucket of water over the Witch, causing her to melt.

In the Emerald City, the four friends are welcomed as heroes. It is revealed that the Wizard is not actually magic and is instead just an ordinary scientist. The Wizard prepares his hot air balloon to take Dorothy back to Kansas. But the balloon takes off without her. The good witch called Glinda (Billie Burke) tells Dorothy she can go home by just clicking the heels of the ruby slippers together and thinking about home. She does this. She wakes up in her bed. Her adventures have been a dream.



Assassination

Assassination is the murder of an important or popular person, usually, a political leader, like the head of a country or of a political party. Assassinations are usually done for political reasons or for payment. A person who assassinates someone is called an assassin.

Throughout history, assassinations have happened for many different reasons. Sometimes, assassinations have been used to take over governments. Other times, assassinations have been used to kill military leaders during wars, or for religious reasons. Some assassins want revenge, or just want to be famous.

Assassinations have happened ever since people started living in group societies.
The Old Testament of the Bible mentions assassinations in the Books of Judith, Kings, Samuel and Chronicles.

An ancient Indian writer, Chanakya, who lived from about 350 to 283 BC, wrote much about assassinations in a book called "Arthashastra". One of his students later assassinated some of his enemies, including two of Alexander the Great's generals.

Famous victims of assassinations include Philip II of Macedon (336 BC), who was Alexander's father, and Julius Caesar (44 BC). There is evidence that Alexander was assassinated by poisoning. Several emperors of the Roman Empire were assassinated so that a different leader could take their place.

In the Middle Ages, many emperors in the Byzntine Empire were murdered so that new emperors could take power.

In the 12th and the 13th centuries, the Shia Order of Assassins in Persia and Syria fought their Sunni and Christian enemies by killing their leaders. That is when the term "assassination" started.

During the Renaissance, assassinations happened in Western Europe. Kings William the Silent of the Netherlands (1584), Henry III of France (1589), and Henry IV of France (1610) were all assassinated.

The first American use of state assassination, which is organized by the statem happened in 1620. It happened in Plymouth in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, where the Pilgrims had landed. Native Americans had lived there before the Pilgrims landed, but the Pilgrims wanted the land to themselves. Myles Standish invited a local Native American tribal chief, the chief's 18-year-old brother, and two other Native Americans to a feast. Then, they locked the door, killed the three older men and hanged the teenager in public as a warning to the other Native Americans to stay away.

Assassinations have been common in modern history. This section does not list every assassination that has happened in modern history. It lists some examples of world leaders who were assassinated, and explains some of the reasons why these assassinations happened.

In Imperial Russia, two emperors were assassinated within 80 years: Paul I (1801) and Alexander II (1881).

In the United States, four presidents were assassinated within 100 years. They were Presidents Abraham Lincoln (1865), James Garfield (1881), William McKinley (1901), and John F. Kennedy (1963).

After Abraham Lincoln was killed, Andrew Johnson became presiden for four years. During that time, 12 people who held important political jobs were assassinated. The next president, Ulysses S. Grant, led the United States from 1869 to 1877 During that time, 11 government leaders were assassinated; another 9 were attacked, but survived.

Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated in 1914. Some historians say this assassination started World War I.

In the 1930s and 1940s, Joseph Stalin's NKVD assassinated some people outside of the Soviet Union, including Leon Trotsky. They were mostly people who Stalin thought were against him or could take power from him. Stalin wanted to make sure to keep the power he had and so he killed many of his opponents, mostly within the Soviet Union.
Between 1934 and 1944, different individuals and groups tried 27 different times to assassinate Adolf Hitler, the leader of Nazi Germany during the Holocaust and World War II. Objection to anti-Jewish policy and gaining better terms with the Allies were among the various motives for assassination. None of the attempts were successful.

During World War II, the Allies used assassinations to kill important Nazi and Japanese leaders:

Some famous human rights activists were also assassinated in the next few decades. They were assassinated by people who did not like the things they were doing to work for human rights. The most famous activists who were assassinated include:

Between 1960 and 1965, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) tried at least eight times to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro. Around this time, the CIA also made plans to assassinate Patrice Lumumba, the only democratically-elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Between 1960 and 1970, the CIA also encouraged and in some cases helped with assassinations of the following:

In 1979, the Iranian Revolution turned Iran into an Islamic Republic. A group called Iran Human Rights Documentation Center says that between 1979 and the 1990s, leaders of the Iranian government had 162 people assassinated, in 19 different countries. The group says Iran stopped the assassinations because a German court put out an arrest warrant for the head of Iranian military intelligence.

Anwar Sadat, the President of Egypt, was assassinated in 1981 at a parade. He was killed by people who wanted to take over the country and make it into an Islamic Republic.

In 1983, Benigno Aquino, Jr. was assassinated. Aquino was against Ferdinand Marcos, the dictator who ruled the Philippines. The people of the Philippines were so upset that they started the non-violent People Power Revolution, which led to the end of Marcos's government. Aquino's widow, Corazon Aquino, became President of the Philippines.

In India, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was assassinated in 1984. Her son Rajiv Gandhi became the next Prime Minister. He was assassinated in 1991. (They were not related to Mohandas Gandhi.)

Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated in 1995. The Israelis and Palestinians were working on a peace agreement. Rabin was killed by an Orthodox Jew who did not agree with the peace treaty. Many historians think Rabin's murder is one of the main reasons the peace talks fell apart.

In Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in 2007. Bhutto had been the first woman who was ever elected to lead a Muslim country. An Al-Qaeda leader said that Al-Qaeda assassins had killed Bhutto. He said that it did so because Bhutto was trying to get rid of violent Jihadist militia groups in Pakistan. He said this made her important to the United States, so Al-Qaeda killed her.

In the 2020s, President of Haiti Jovenel Moïse was assassinated in 2021 and former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe was assassinated in 2022.

One research study looked at assassinations of national leaders (leaders of countries, like presidents or prime ministers). The study showed that:

Another study looked at all assassinations between 1946 and 2013. It included not just national leaders, but also other members of government (including local governments), and people who were against the government. This study found that between 1946 and 2013, a total of 954 people were assassinated in 758 different attacks.

This study also looked at who was most likely to be assassinated. Of the 954 people who were assassinated:

Gillian Anderson

Gillian Leigh Anderson, (born August 9, 1968) is an American-British film, television and theatre actress, activist and writer. Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series "The X-Files", ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies' film "The House of Mirth" (2000), and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series "The Fall". Among other honours, Anderson has won a Primetime Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.

After beginning her career on stage, Anderson achieved international recognition for her role as FBI Special Agent Dana Scully on the American sci-fi drama series "The X-Files" for all ten seasons (1993–2002, 2016). Her film work includes the dramas "The Mighty Celt" (2005), "The Last King of Scotland" (2006), "Shadow Dancer" (2012) and two "X-Files" films: "The X-Files: Fight the Future" (1998) and "The X-Files: I Want to Believe" (2008). Her other notable television credits include: portraying Lady Dedlock in the successful BBC production of Charles Dickens' "Bleak House", Wallis Simpson in "Any Human Heart", portraying Miss Havisham in "Great Expectations" (2011) and Dr. Bedelia Du Maurier on "Hannibal". In 2013, Anderson began starring as DSI Stella Gibson on the critically acclaimed BBC crime drama television series "The Fall". She has been serving as an executive producer from its second series. She will be appearing as goddess Media in the upcoming TV series "American Gods". Anderson is the co-writer of "The EarthEnd Saga" novel trilogy and the self-help guide book "WE: A Manifesto for Women Everywhere".

Aside from film and TV, Anderson has taken on the stage and has received both awards and critical acclaim. Her stage work includes "Absent Friends" (1991) – for which she won a Theatre World Award for Best Newcomer, "A Doll's House" (2009) – that earned her a Laurence Olivier Award nomination, and a portrayal of Blanche DuBois in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (2014, 2016) – for which she won the "Evening Standard" Theatre Award for Best Actress and received her second Laurence Olivier Award nomination for Best Actress.

Anderson has been active in supporting numerous charities and humanitarian organizations. She is an honorary spokesperson for the Neurofibromatosis (NF) Network and the co-founder of South African Youth Education for Sustainability (SAYes). Anderson was appointed an honorary Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2016 for her services to drama.


Debt

Debt is what someone owes to someone else. Usually, debt is in the form of money, but it can also be items, services, favors, or other things. Thus if you make an agreement to give or do something for someone else, you now owe a debt. Unpaid debt can lead to problems such as the Greek government-debt crisis. Debt is used by governments, corporations and individuals to make purchases that they could not normally afford. Common types of debt owed by households and individuals are mortgage loans, car loans, credit card debt, and income taxes. In the case of individuals, debt is a way to use an anticipated income combined with the future purchasing power at present before earning the same. 

On the other hand, corporates have a multitude of options when it comes to debt. Companies may use debt for their working capital or day-to-day operations.

Goods, services or money borrowed with the intent of repayment (in kind or not) creates a debt. Debt can be classified as either secured debt, unsecured debt, revolving debt, or a mortgage.

A secured debt uses "collateral", which is an asset that is promised to the debt-holder until the debt has been repaid. If the repayment is not made in full, the lender gets the collateral asset. For instance, a car loan typically creates a secured debt. If you still owe money on the car loan and do not make timely payments, the note-holder can take back (or repossess) the car and sell it to get the money still due. A home mortgage is similar. 

An unsecured debt is more risky to the debt-holder (the lender, also called creditor). In the event of non-payment of the debt, the lender cannot take assets. Credit card debt is typically unsecured. If you charge items to a credit card and do not make the monthly payments, the credit card issuer can report the non-payment to the credit-reporting agencies. That will reduce your credit score so others will not lend you money. But usually they cannot take back whatever you bought with the card.

Revolving debt is a line of credit or an amount that a borrower can continuously borrow from. In other words, the borrower may use funds up to a certain amount, pay it back, and borrow up to that amount again. Revolving credit accounts are open ended, meaning they don’t have an end date. As long as the account remains open and in good standing, borrower can continue to use it.

A mortgage is a debt issued to purchase real estate, such as a house or condo. It is a form of secured debt as the subject real estate is used as collateral against the loan.


Uranium

Uranium is a chemical element (a metal) on the periodic table. It has an atomic number of 92, which means that a uranium atom has 92 protons in its center, the nucleus. 

Uranium dug out of the ground is made from three different isotopes. The isotopes are different types of uranium with different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei. Most of it is uranium-238; uranium-235 is less common; uranium-234 is the rarest. Pitchblende is the main ore that is mined for uranium.

Uranium-235 can be used in nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons by making a nuclear chain reaction. This turns the uranium-235 into uranium-236 and splits the nucleus into two smaller nuclei. This makes two completely different elements with smaller atomic numbers. The process is called nuclear fission and creates lots of heat. This heat makes it very useful for making steam in nuclear reactors, or for making explosions with nuclear weapons. Most such weapons use plutonium made from uranium-238. Uranium is slightly radioactive.

Uranium without its uranium-235 is called depleted uranium. It is less radioactive than natural uranium. It is used in anti-tank weapons. Uranium can also be used as a dye for stained glass or pottery.
Uranium is a dangerous substance. Because uranium is radioactive it is often seen with the hazard sign for radioactive elements, a group of three triangles with curved outer edges pointing in towards the middle (as you can see on the left). Uranium is a shiny white metal, but is usually seen in its oxide form which is black. Spent or partially spent uranium fuel rods are kept underwater, inside a nuclear reactor or in a spent fuel pool. Uranium can glow blue due to Cherenkov radiation. In addition to being radioactive, uranium is a heavy metal and is chemically toxic.

Uranium is a silvery white, weakly radioactive metal. It has a Mohs hardness of 6. It is malleable, ductile and slightly paramagnetic. It is strongly electropositive. It is a poor electrical conductor. Uranium metal has a very high density of 19.1 g/cm.

Uranium metal reacts with almost all non-metal elements and their compounds. Hydrochloric and nitric acids dissolve uranium, but non-oxidizing acids other than hydrochloric acid dissolve the element very slowly.

Uranium-235 was the first isotope that was found to be fissile: The molecule splits. Other naturally occurring isotopes are fissionable (can be broken down), but are not fissile.

As little as 15 lb (7 kg) of uranium-235 can be used to make an atomic bomb. The nuclear weapon detonated over Hiroshima, called "Little Boy", relied on uranium fission.

The use of uranium in its natural oxide form dates back to the year 79 AD. It was used in the Roman Empire to make ceramic glazes yellow. Yellow glass with 1% uranium oxide was found in a Roman villa on Cape Posillipo in the Bay of Naples, Italy. It was found by R.T. Gunther of the University of Oxford in 1912. In the late Middle Ages, pitchblende was extracted from the Habsburg silver mines in Joachimsthal, Bohemia (now Jáchymov in the Czech Republic). In the early 19th century, the world's only known sources of uranium ore were these mines.

Uranium is only naturally formed by the rapid neutron capture in supernovae and neutron star mergers.

Radioactive heat production is present on Earth in quantities. It may be a widespread component of Solar System planets, and possible other planetary systems. That might help to explain the high internal temperatures of planets.

The world's largest producer of uranium is Kazakhstan, which in 2019 produced 43% of the world's mining output. Canada was the next largest producer with a 13% share, followed by Australia with 12%. Uranium has been mined in every continent except Antarctica.

See also: Uranium mining

The Graduate

The Graduate is a 1967 American movie based on a novel by Charles Webb, and directed by Mike Nichols. It is set in Southern California.

In the movie and book, a recent college graduate (played by Dustin Hoffman) is seduced by Mrs. Robinson (Anne Bancroft), the wife of his father's business partner. He later falls in love with their daughter Elaine (Katharine Ross).

The movie was Hoffman's first major role (it was his second role). He was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance.

The soundtrack album contained music by folk duo Simon and Garfunkel, and replaced The Beatles's "White Album" for the number one position (most sales) on the music charts.

Scenes from "The Graduate" have been well-remembered by many people, since it appeared. In one of them, one-word advice for corporate success ("Plastics") is given by a family friend of Benjamin's. (Reportedly, sales of stock in plastics companies jumped in the months after the movie appeared.) Another scene, where Ben tries to stop Elaine from marrying another man, has been imitated and parodied in television programs, including the cartoon series "Daria".

In 1998, a play based on the movie premiered in London and on Broadway; its stars included Kathleen Turner, Alicia Silverstone and Morgan Fairchild.


Uncredited:
Anne Bancroft, Dustin Hoffman, and Katharine Ross earned Oscar nominations for their performances.

Along with the acting nominations, the movie received nominations for Best Cinematography, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Picture. Mike Nichols won the Academy Award for Best Director.

The movie won the BAFTA Award for Best Film, the BAFTA Award for Best Editing (to Sam O'Steen) and the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

In 1996, "The Graduate" was picked to keep in the U.S. National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

American Film Institute recognition

The movie is listed in the 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die book.

Alfa Romeo made a "Graduate" edition Alfa Romeo Spider, the car Benjamin drives in the movie.


Aquitaine

Aquitaine (Occitan: "Aquitània"; ; ) is a part of southwestern France. It was once an administrative region but is now part of the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. With over 41,000 square kilometers, it is one of the largest regions of mainland France (the largest of all French regions is French Guiana, in South America).

Its capital was Bordeaux, the largest city. The French name of the people living in the region is "Aquitain".

The five departments in the region were Dordogne, Gironde, Landes, Lot-et-Garonne, and Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The Aquitaine region was the third largest region of Metropolitan France, after Midi-Pyrénées and Rhône-Alpes. Its area was . It bordered with three French regions: Poitou-Charentes to the north, Limousin to the northeast and Midi-Pyrénées to the east. To the south is Spain (Aragon and Navarre) and to the west the Atlantic Ocean. The coast along the Atlantic Ocean, part of the Bay of Biscay, is called the Côte d'Argent ("Silver Coast").

The Greenwich Meridian passes through Aquitaine.

Most of Aquitaine is in the Aquitanian basin, a relatively flat and geologically young landscape. High mountains are found only in the south of Aquitaine, in the Pyrenees mountain range. The Pic Palas (), at , is the highest point of Aquitaine; it is on the border with Spain.

The main rivers of the region are the Garonne, that flows through the Gironde and Lot-et-Garonne departments; the Dordogne, that flows through the Dordogne and Gironde departments; the Lot, that flows through the Lot-et-Garonne department; the Dropt, that flows through the Dordogne, Gironde and Lot-et-Garonne departments; and the Adour, that flows through the Landes department.

The climate is mild - except in the high mountains - all year round. On the Atlantic coast, the annual average temperature is above 15 °C, in Bordeaux is about 14 °C and on the border of Limousin is still 11 °C. Rainfall is relatively high and is higher in the south of the region.

In the Middle Ages Aquitaine was at times a kingdom and a duchy. Various wars made it larger and smaller. Aquitane came into the control of England when Eleanor of Aquitaine married Henry II of England in 1152. It remained in English control until 1453 at the end of the Hundred Years' War.

The Aquitaine region is formed by five departments:

The Aquitaine region had a population, in 2012, of 3,285,970, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The 10 most important cities in the department are:

Nightmare

A nightmare is a very powerful dream that the sleeper finds disturbing or frightening. Nightmares usually have either physiological causes, like a high fever, or psychological ones, like trauma or stress in the sleeper's life. Nightmares are common, but nightmares that happen very often can cause problems with sleep. They may cause people to get medical help.

Nightmares usually happen during REM sleep.

In earlier times, people thought that such nightmares were really the work of demons. They thought people were having nightmares because an Incubus was sitting on the chest of the sleeper. This can also be seen on the image. Sometimes people also thought magic and demonic possession were involved. 

In the 19th century, people thought their diet was responsible. When Ebenezer Scrooge sees a ghost in A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens, he thinks ""... an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato..."" is responsible. Similarly, the "Household Cyclopedia" (1881) offers this advice about nightmares:

Melilla

Melilla is a city in North Africa, which is separated from Spain by the Mediterranean Sea. It is an exclave that belongs to Spain, and is all surrounded by Morocco, which believes it should belong to them. Ceuta is another such city. Until it became a self-governing city in 1995, it belonged to the Province of Málaga.

Its surface is about 20 square kilometers, and there are almost 70,000 people living there.


Ceuta

Ceuta is a Spanish city in North Africa, at the Strait of Gibraltar which divides it from mainland Spain. It is an exclave of Spain, and is all surrounded by Morocco, which believes it should belong to them. Melilla is another such city. The city area is about 20 square kilometers, and there are over 82,000 people living in the city. The city is surrounded by a border fence, which has been built to keep the Moroccans (and other Africans) from moving there unlawfully. Until it became a self-governing city in 1995, it belonged to the Province of Cádiz.

It was built by the Phoenicians at a strategic position.

Burkina Faso

Burkina Faso (UK: /bɜːˌkiː.nə ˈfæs.əʊ/, US: /bʊrˌkiː.nə ˈfɑː.soʊ/) is a country in West Africa. It used to be called Upper Volta and the name was changed to Burkina Faso in 1984. The country was once ruled by France, but it has been independent since 1960. The capital is Ouagadougou.

In 2005, about 13,228,000 people lived in the country. It is next to Mali, Niger, Benin, Togo, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. It does not have any coast with an ocean or sea. People from Burkina Faso are called Burkinabé (pronounced burr-KEE-na-bay).

People have lived in the area of Burkina Faso for thousands of years. At first, they were hunter-gatherers, hunting animals and collecting fruits and vegetables. Later they became farmers. People called the Mossi arrived between the 11th and 13th centuries. They ruled the area until the end of the 19th century. In 1896 France beat the Mossi kingdom and became the colonial rulers of Burkina Faso. After World War I, the country was called Upper Volta.

In 1960, Upper Volta became independent from France. The first president of the new country was Maurice Yaméogo. After he became the president, Yaméogo banned other political parties. For several years the people of Upper Volta were very unhappy with the government and in 1966 the military took over in a military coup. In 1983 the government was taken over again by military men called Thomas Sankara and Blaise Compaoré. Sankara became president. In 1984, he changed the name of the country to Burkina Faso. It means "land of honest people".

In December 1985, Burkina Faso went to war for five days with near-by country Mali. In 1987, there was another military coup and Sankara was assassinated (murdered). Blaise Compaoré became the president.

On 28 October 2014 protesters began to march and demonstrate in Ouagadougou. Compaoré was ready to change the constitution and extend his 27-year rule. On 30 October 2014, some protesters set fire to the parliament. They also took over the national television headquarters. On 31 October 2014, President Compaoré, resigned after 27 years in office.

In 2015 the country held their first election. Roch Marc Christian Kaboré, a former Prime Minister, was elected as president. In 2022, Kaboré was removed from power during a military coup d'état led by Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba.

Burkina Faso is divided into thirteen regions, forty-five provinces, and 301 departments. The regions are:

Below is a list of the largest cities in Burkina Faso. For other cities see List of cities in Burkina Faso.

Burkina Faso is made up of two major types of countryside. The larger part of the country is covered by a peneplain. It has a gently undulating landscape with a few isolated hills. The southwest of the country forms a sandstone massif. The highest peak, Ténakourou, is found at an elevation of . The area is bordered by sheer cliffs up to high. The average altitude of Burkina Faso is . The difference between the highest and lowest terrain is no greater than . Burkina Faso is a mostly flat country.

Burkina Faso has a tropical climate with two distinct seasons. In the rainy season, the country receives between of rainfall. In the dry season, the harmattan – a hot dry wind from the Sahara – blows. The rainy season lasts about four months, from May/June to September. It is shorter in the north of the country.

Burkina Faso's natural resources include manganese, limestone, marble, phosphates, pumice, salt and small deposits of gold.

Burkina Faso's fauna and flora are protected in two national parks and several reserves.

Literature in Burkina Faso is based on the oral tradition, which remains important. Since the 1970s, literature has developed in Burkina Faso with many more writers being published.

There is also a large artist community, especially in Ouagadougou. Much of the crafts produced are for the growing tourist industry.

The food of Burkina Faso, typical of west African cuisine, is based around staple foods of sorghum, millet, rice, maize, peanuts, potatoes, beans, yams and okra. The most common sources of protein are chicken, eggs and fresh water fish.



Battle of Waterloo

The Battle of Waterloo was a battle that was fought between the French on one side and the British and the Prussians on the other.

Napoleon Bonaparte was Emperor of France and had started and lost the Napoleonic Wars. He had built an empire that stretched from Spain to the Russian border. Defeated at the Battle of Leipzig and elsewhere, he accepted exile on the island of Elba in 1814. 

In February 1815, he returned to France and again took control of the French Army. He attacked his enemies in what is now Belgium and was defeated at Waterloo. It was the last battle of the Napoleonic Wars.

In earlier days, Napoleon seemed unstoppable until two separate campaigns failed. He gathered a huge army to invade and to conquer Russia in 1812. His army was caught by the Russian winter and destroyed. The countries of Eastern Europe, led by Austria and Prussia, began to ally against him, forcing his troops back towards France. Meanwhile, a small army in Portugal and Spain, led by Arthur Wellesley, who later became Duke of Wellington, began to push Napoleon’s troops out of Spain.

By 1814, Napoleon faced total defeat, with invasions from all sides. A peace treaty was arranged. in which he would abdicate (give up the throne) and live on a small Mediterranean island, Elba, with a small army. He was replaced as ruler of France by Louis XVIII, a brother of Louis XVI.

On Elba, Napoleon was not content. He had been promised money by the new French government, but it did not keep its promise. His wife, an Austrian princess, and his sons were forbidden to visit him.

Messages from France showed that his enemies were quarreling. He seized his opportunity, went by ship in February 1815 and landed in France again. His welcome was very mixed. Many French were tired of war and the death and suffering that it made. However, others wanted a return to the power and glory of the old days and saw Napoleon as their best hope.

His first days were tense but his personal leadership and persuasion gained the support of the army. When Louis XVIII panicked and fled the country, there was little to stop Napoleon returning to Paris and being emperor again.

What Napoleon needed now was a period of time to organise himself and the French army. The allies were caught completely by surprise, and their only chance to stop him lay with two small armies in Belgium: a British and Dutch army commanded by the Duke of Wellington and a Prussian army, commanded by Marshal Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher .

Napoleon decided on a further gamble. He gathered an army and prepared a surprise attack on Wellington and Blücher and hoped to catch them unprepared. His plan was successful at first, and he crossed the Belgian border before Wellington and Blücher could join forces.

His first battle was at Ligny, and after a fierce day of fighting, he defeated the Prussian army, forcing it to retreat. Thinking that Blücher would retreat back to Prussia, Napoleon turned his attention towards Wellington. There was already a small battle at Quatre Bras, as Wellington tried to delay the French advance. That gave Wellington enough time to prepare a full defensive position across the road leading to Brussels near the village of Waterloo.

The French army advanced towards them and set up their camp on a ridge facing the combined British and Dutch army. Heavy rain caused delays and confusion, and both sides settled down for the night in the mud to await the dawn and the forthcoming battle.

Napoleon’s army faced Wellington’s Anglo-Dutch army near Waterloo on 18 June 1815. Wellington’s troops were deployed behind a low ridge, which partially protected them from the French massed artillery.

At around 11:00, Napoleon ordered his guns to open fire. The French infantry began an attack against the Château of Hougoumont, defended by the British Foot Guards. That was intended to draw Wellington’s reserves away from the centre, where Napoleon’s main attack would fall. According to records, Hougomont was considered to be vital to winning the battle.

At 13:30, Napoleon launched an infantry attack against Wellington’s centre. Men of the King’s German Legion resolutely defended the farm of La Haye Sainte, which disrupted the French attack. The British artillery and musketry succeeded in checking the French assault, and the British Household and Union heavy cavalry brigades charged after the wavering Frenchmen. Excited by their success, the British cavalry pursued their enemy too far and in turn suffered terrible casualties at the hands of the French lancers and light cavalry.

At 15.00, the Anglo-Dutch army appeared to be retreating (moving back) after the heavy bombardment that it had received all day and so General Marshal Michel Ney led a massed French cavalry attack against Wellington’s centre. However, the British infantry had been retreating only to regroup and to tend the wounded, and it formed squares to defend itself from the cavalry attack. The French took terrible casualties, as they circled the solid formations of infantrymen.

The situation further deteriorated for Napoleon as Blücher's Prussian troops launched an attack at Plancenoit to his rear at 16.30.

By early evening, the French attack at Hougoumont, which was intended as a diversion, had the opposite effect. The French committed more and more troops to the bitter fighting around the château, which was held by only a small force of British Guardsmen. More French reserves were being sent to meet the Prussian threat to the rear of Napoleon’s army at Plancenoit. However, the French had at last succeeded in capturing the farm of La Haye Sainte, only a short distance from Wellington’s centre.

At approximately 19.30 Napoleon committed his last reserves in a final effort to obtain victory. As the Prussians arrived to bolster Wellington’s flank, veterans of the French Imperial Guard advanced to finish the job. The British infantry, exhausted from the continuous heavy gunfire that it had had received all day, rose to meet them. The musketry of the British Guards Brigade defeated Napoleon’s finest troops, who fled. The whole French army joined those troops in retreat. Wellington ordered his entire line to advance, and the French were driven from the field.


São Tomé and Príncipe

São Tomé and Príncipe, officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe is an island nation in Central Africa, it is located off the Gulf of Guinea. The main islands of São Tomé and Príncipe are about 140 km apart and about 250 and 225 km, respectively, off of the northwestern coast of Gabon. The country has a population of 201,800 (2018 official estimate),São Tomé and Príncipe is the second-smallest and second-least populous African sovereign state after Seychelles as well as the smallest and least populous Portuguese-speaking country in the world. 
The English translation of the countries name is Saint Thomas and Prince.
The islands were a Portuguese colony, but have been independent since July 1975. Portuguese is the official language.

The Portuguese arrived in São Tomé Island on December 21, 1471, and Príncipe Island on January 17, 1492. As these were days dedicated to saints, both islands had saints’ names. S. Antão Island, the former name of Príncipe Island, changed in 1500 to honor the Prince of Portugal.

The official historical version says that the country was uninhabited before the arrival of the Portuguese sailors.

The first successful Portuguese settlement in the archipelago was in 1493. The volcanic soil of the islands proved to be good for sugar crops. Hard work was needed to grow and harvest the sugar crops. Slaves were brought from Portugal to do the work. Because other countries began producing more sugar, the islands were not able to make money from it. Instead it became a stopping place for the slave trade. 

In the 19th century, crops of coffee and cocoa were grown. These became successful. By 1908 the country was the largest producer of cocoa. It is the most important crop for the country. 

On February 3, 1953, the Batepá massacre occurred. In the massacre hundreds of local people were killed by Portuguese settlers. The Portuguese wanted workers for the crops. The locals said they were being used as slaves. The governor told the military to take any locals who did not want to work. 

In the late 1950s a group wanted independence. They were called the MLSTP (Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe). In 1974 they succeeded in removing Marcelo Caetano as their leader. On 12 July 1975 São Tomé and Príncipe became an independent country. The first president was Manuel Pinto da Costa. He was the MLSTP`s General Secretary. 

Until 1990 the MLSTP was the only political party. They changed the constitution to allow other political parties. The new Party of Democratic Convergence (PCD) won the most seats in the National Assembly. Miguel Trovoada was elected president.

The president is elected for a five-year term and can be re-elected. The prime minister is elected for a four-year term. The thirteen members of the cabinet (the group of ministers) are chosen by them. All adult citizens can vote in the elections. They vote by secret ballot.

São Tomé and Príncipe is divided into 2 provinces: Príncipe and São Tomé.

The provinces are further divided into seven districts, six on São Tomé and one on Príncipe (with Príncipe having self-government since April 29, 1995).

São Tomé and Príncipe is formed by two volcanic islands - the biggest of which is S. Tomé - and several islets. It is in the Gulf of Guinea, off the western equatorial coast of Africa. Both islands belong to the Cameroon volcanic mountain line.

The archipelago is 1,001km2 in size. The equator line passes through the Rolas’s Islet which is in the south of S. Tomé Island. The tallest peak is the Peak of S. Tomé at 2,024m tall.

The climate is tropical, hot and humid, with an annual average temperature of 27 C. There are two main seasons. Gravana is the driest season. It has little or no rainfall and the temperatures are lower. Gravana lasts from June to August. The rainy season is from October to May.

Since the archipelago´s discovery, its economy has been based on agriculture and fishing. Cocoa is 95% of the country’s exports. Other exports are copper, palm oil and coffee. Another economic activity is tourism.

After independence, the country’s economy was nationalized, it was then privatised in the early 1990s. Now the government budget is mainly based on foreign assistance from donors such as the UN Development Programme, the World Bank, and country donors.

The main importers of the archipelago's production are Portugal with 51%, France with 14%, Angola with 11%, and Japan with 10%.

In 2001, petroleum was found in the waters claimed by the archipelago and Nigeria.

According to the 2010 census, about 163,000 people lived in São Tomé and Príncipe. 52,000 lived in the capital and less than seven thousand lived on Príncipe Island.

São Tomé is the country’s capital and main city.

The people of S. Tomé and Príncipe are divided into the following ethnic groups: mixed-blood, descendents of Portuguese settlers and African slaves; Forros, the biggest ethnic group and descendents of freed slaves; Angolares, descendents of Angolan slaves; Tonga, mixed blood of Forros and hired workers from Angola, Mozambique and Cape Verde; and Cape Verdean descendents.

The country’s official language is Portuguese. Other languages spoken are Forro, a creole spoken by 80% of S. Tomé Island`s people; Angolar, spoken mainly on the southeast of S. Tomé Island; Lung`ié, spoken in Príncipe Island; and Creole from Cape Verde.

Almost everyone is Christian: Roman Catholic, Evangelical Protestant and Seventh-Day Adventist.

The country’s culture is the product of Portuguese and African cultural influence. Typical dances on the islands are Ússua, Socopé, Dêxa, and Puita. Tchiloli, Danço Congo and Auto dos Floripes are public theatrical performances, examples of the Portuguese cultural legacy.

Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo was a famous poet from São Tomé.

Children are required to attend school for four years. The National Lyceum (São Tomé and Príncipe) and the University of São Tomé and Príncipe are the two colleges.

Equatorial Guinea

The Republic of Equatorial Guinea is a nation in west central Africa, and one of the smallest countries in Africa. It borders Cameroon on the north, Gabon on the south and east, and the Gulf of Guinea on the west. The country's territory is both on the continent and on islands. The continental part is known as Río Muni. On one island, Bioko, is the capital, Malabo.

Equatorial Guinea and the peoples living there were colonized by Spain. Spanish is an official language because of this.

Equatorial Guinea is divided into eight provinces (capitals appear in parentheses):


The provinces are further divided into districts.

Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo

Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo (born June 5 1942) has been the President of Equatorial Guinea since 1979. Mbasongo did the military academy in Zaragoza, Spain. He came to power in a military coup, deposing the former leader Francisco Macías Nguema. Ngema had ruled the country for the previous decade. He was known to be very cruel. Ngema was sentenced to death and executed by a firing squad. Mbasonga promised to start over and to do a better job at governing the country.

In 1982, a new constitution was made. MBasogo was given the newly created post of president. He was re-elected in 1989, 1996 and 2002. In 1989 he was the only candidate, in the 1996 and 2002, international observers said the election results were false.

Obiang's regime kept clear authoritarian characteristics even after other parties were legalized in 1991. Most domestic and international observers consider his regime to be one of the most corrupt, ethnocentric, oppressive and undemocratic states in the world. Equatorial Guinea is now essentially a single-party state, dominated by Obiang's Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea (PDGE). In 2008 American journalist Peter Maass called Obiang Africa's worst dictator, worse than Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe. The constitution grants Obiang wide powers, including the power to rule by decree. Nonetheless, Obiang has far less power than Macías. For the most part his rule has been considerably milder. Notably, there have been none of the atrocities that characterized the Macías era.

All but one member of the 100-seat national parliament belong to the PDGE or are aligned with it. The opposition is severely hampered by the lack of a free press to express their views. Around 90% of all opposition politicians live in exile, 550 anti-Obiang activists have been jailed unfairly, and several killed since 1979.

In July 2003, state-operated radio declared Obiang to be a god who is "in permanent contact with the Almighty" and "can decide to kill without anyone calling him to account and without going to hell." He personally made similar comments in 1993. Despite these comments, he still claims that he is a devout Catholic and was invited to the Vatican by John Paul II and again by Benedict XVI. Macías had also proclaimed himself a god.

In November 2021, Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo was appointed at his party's congress as a candidate for a sixth term in the 2023 election.

Lord Voldemort

Lord Voldemort (born Tom Marvolo Riddle) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the "Harry Potter" series of children's books. 

The books were written by British author J.K. Rowling. Voldemort first appears in the 1997 fantasy novel "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". He appears in six of the seven books.

In the "Harry Potter" movies, Voldemort is played by actors Richard Bremmer, Christian Coulson, Ralph Fiennes, Hero-Fiennes Tiffin, and Frank Dillane.

"Voldemort" is a translation of the French words ""vol de mort"", which means "flight of death" in French. J.K. Rowling apologized for this in 2009, saying that she did not mean that French people were bad: "I can assure you that no anti-French feeling was at the origin of this choice. As a Francophile, I have always been proud of my French blood. But I needed a name that evokes both power and exoticism." She also said that Voldemort himself was "100 percent English".

Lord Voldemort is frequently described as "the most evil wizard" in the "Harry Potter" franchise. Many characters are afraid to say his name and he is often referred to as "He Who Must Not Be Named", "You-Know-Who", or "The Dark Lord<nowiki>"</nowiki>. 

Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters believe wizards should rule the world and conquer non-magical people instead of hiding from them. He also thinks that "pure-blood wizards", wizards who do not have any non-magical parents or ancestors, are superior to other people. 

Tom Marvolo Riddle grows up in an orphanage in England. He does not know about wizards or magic but does know he can do things other children cannot. He like to scare the other orphans, kill their pets and steal their things from them. When he is 11 years old, a teacher at the wizard school Hogwarts named Albus Dumbledore comes to his orphanage and tells him he is a young wizard and can go to the school.

Over the years, Voldemort makes magical objects called Horcruxes and puts part of his soul in each one. This keeps him from dying all the way and makes it possible for his friends to bring him back to life.

In the first novel and movie, it is established that Voldemort was an evil wizard who had many followers. The protagonist, Harry Potter's parents were among those who fought against him. Voldemort killed Harry's parents, but due to their sacrifice, he could not kill Harry and he accidentally killed himself. This made Harry famous in the Wizarding World.

Towards the end of the story, Harry finds out that one of the teachers at Hogwarts named Professor Quirrell was trying to steal a magical stone called the Sorcerer's Stone. Quirrell takes off his turban and reveals that Voldemort's soul is living on the back of his head and that he is trying to get the Stone to revive Voldemort. Quirrell/Voldemort tries to attack Harry but due to the protective spell that his parent's sacrifice gave him, Harry cannot be killed and Quirrell dies while Voldemort's spirit escapes.

In the second book, Ginny Weasley comes into possession of a magic diary and is eventually possessed by Tom Riddle, a manifestation of Voldemort's younger self. Riddle possesses Ginny and makes her open the Chamber of Secrets, which allows a massive snake to terrorise the school and attack students who have non-magic parents. At the end of the book, Harry defeats the snake and destroys the diary, which also makes Tom Riddle's manifestation disappear.

Voldemort makes his next appearance at the end of the fourth book. Voldemort has Harry trapped in a graveyard and his servant, Peter Pettigrew, uses Harry's blood in a potion which gives Voldemort a full body. Because Harry's blood was used in the potion, Voldemort can now "touch" Harry.

Voldemort summons his Death Eaters and tries to kill Harry but their wands connect because they have the same core. The ghosts of Harry's parents distract Voldemort for enough time for Harry to escape.

The Ministry of Magic (the magical government) denies that Voldemort has returned. Voldemort frees his most loyal followers from prison, including Bellatrix Lestrange. Harry also discovers that he and Voldemort can look into each other's minds.

In the battle at the end of the book, Voldemort fights Albus Dumbledore, the most powerful wizard. Voldemort escapes but not before the Minister of Magic sees him and the entire Wizarding World is made aware that Voldemort is back.

Although he does not appear in this book, his past and childhood are looked at. Harry and Dumbledore discover that Voldemort has made Horcruxes (objects which a wizard can put their soul inside so that they live forever). Several of the Horcruxes, including Tom Riddle's diary, have been destroyed but more remain. Voldemort also gives Draco Malfoy the mission of killing Dumbledore, but it is ultimately Professor Snape who does so, although Snape is actually working for Dumbledore.

In the seventh and final book (and its two film adaptations), Harry, Ron and Hermione go on a search for Voldemort's Horcruxes so that they can destroy them and make him mortal. Meanwhile, Voldemort steals the Elder Wand (most powerful wand) from Dumbledore's tomb. 

Voldemort's forces attack Hogwarts because Harry is searching for a Horcrux inside Hogwarts castle. During the battle, Voldemort kills Snape because he believes that Snape is the current Master of the Elder Wand (because Snape killed Dumbledore), but Voldemort doesn't know that the wand actually belongs to Draco, who was the one to disarm Dumbledore.

Harry looks into Snape's memories and finds out that Snape was a secret spy working for Dumbledore because Snape was in love with Harry's mother. In the memories, it is also revealed that Harry is an "accidental Horcrux" because a part of Voldemort's soul lives in him. Harry willingly lets Voldemort kill him, but Voldemort's killing curse instead destroys the part of himself inside Harry, meaning that Harry himself survives.

In the final battle, Voldemort's final Horcrux, a snake named Nagini, is killed. Voldemort tries to use the Elder Wand to kill Harry. However, due to Harry defeating Draco Malfoy (the current Elder Wand Master) earlier in the story, Harry is now the true Master of the Elder Wand. Because the Elder Wand will not kill Harry, Voldemort's killing curse actually hits himself. With no Horcruxes left, Voldemort dies.

Experts generally say Voldemort is a metaphor for fascism and fear of outsiders. He has also been compared to Rick Perry, Dick Cheney. Many people, including author J.K. Rowling, compared Donald Trump to Lord Voldemort after his 2015 proposal to forbid Muslims from entering the United States.

Hogwarts

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J. K. Rowling's best-selling "Harry Potter" series. It is a school of magic for witches and wizards between the ages of eleven and seventeen living in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Scotland.

Gryffindor house was started by Godric Grand Gryffindor, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values courage. Its symbol (animal) is the lion and its colours are scarlet (red-purple) and yellow / goldish yellow. Nearly Headless Nick is the house ghost. The Gryffindors always compete with the Slytherins.

The Gryffindor Common Room (the place where the Gryffindor students spend their time and do their homework) is in one of the castle's towers, at the seventh floor. At the door, there is the Fat Lady, or the Lady who is fat. She lets the students in only after they give her the password (which changes from the beginning of the school year to the end of the school year). The Fat Lady wears a blue dress. In the room there is a place with fire, many chairs and tables, and two pair of stairs which take the girls and boys to their sleeping rooms.

The head of Gryffindor house is Minerva McGonagall.

Hufflepuff house was started by Helga Hufflepuff, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values hard work, patience, friendship and fair play. Its symbol (animal) is the badger and its colours are black and yellow. The Fat Friar is the house ghost.

The Hufflepuff Common Room door is near the kitchens, in the dungeons. It is a quite cozy and welcoming place, not at all like a dungeon. In the room there are yellow hangings and fat armchairs, with little underground tunnels that take the students to their sleeping rooms. The tunnels have round doors like barrel-tops.

The head of Hufflepuff house is Pomona Sprout.


Ravenclaw house was started by Rowena Ravenclaw, from whom it gets its name. The house especially values intelligence. Its symbol (animal) is the eagle (raven in the "Harry Potter" and "Fantastic Beasts" films) and its colours are blue and bronze (blue and silver in the "Harry Potter" and "Fantastic Beasts" films), the house's saying is "Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure". The Grey Lady is the house ghost and when she was alive she was Helena Ravenclaw, daughter of Rowena Ravenclaw.

The Ravenclaw Common Room is in Ravenclaw Tower, on the west side of the Castle. At the door the students must answer a riddle that the eagle-shaped door knocker asks them.

The head of Ravenclaw house is Filius Flitwick.

Slytherin house was started by Salazar Slytherin, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values ambition and determination. Its symbol (animal) is the snake and its colours are green and silver. The Bloody Baron is the house ghost.

The Slytherin Common Room is in the dungeons of Hogwarts and is placed under The Black Lake, in the school grounds.

The house has a negative reputation, with a lot of people saying that it is the house from where almost all dark wizards in Britain, notably Tom Riddle (Voldemort).

The house is usually in competition with the Gryffindor house, as they "don't like each other on principle".

The head of Slytherin house is Severus Snape and in the 7th book Horace Slughorn.

References

Toronto Maple Leafs

The Toronto Maple Leafs are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).

They were formed in 1917 as one of the six original NHL teams. They were called the Toronto Arenas, but changed their name to St. Patricks, then to Maple Leafs, in the 1920s. The maple leaf is a symbol of Canada. The hockey team was actually named for an older team, a minor league baseball team called the Toronto Maple Leafs.

The Maple Leafs have won the Stanley Cup championship 13 times, more than any team except the Montreal Canadiens. However, they have not won since 1967. 

They won in their first year, 1918, and then again in 1922 and 1932. In their early years, they had many NHL scoring champions: "Babe" Dye in 1923 and 1925, "Ace" Bailey in 1929, Harvey "Busher" Jackson in 1932, Charlie Conacher in 1934 and 1935, and Gordie Drillon in 1938. However, no Toronto player has been scoring champion since then.

They were a strong team in the 1940s. They won the Stanley Cup in 1942 against the Detroit Red Wings, four games to three, even though they were losing three games to none at one point. This was the first of six championships in ten years; they also won in 1945, then three years in a row: 1947, 1948, and 1949, and again in 1951. Some of their best players in that time included goaltender Turk Broda, forward Syl Apps, and defence "Babe" Pratt, who won the Hart Trophy as the most valuable player in 1944. Ted "Teeder" Kennedy won the Hart Trophy in 1955; but no other Maple Leaf has won that award.

The team won four Stanley Cups in the 1960s: three in a row - 1962, 1963, and 1964 - and again in 1967. Frank Mahovlich, a left winger, was the star player. They were also led by defenceman Tim Horton (who began the Tim Horton's doughnut shops), center Dave Keon, goaltender Johnny Bower, and winger George Armstrong. Keon won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the top player in the playoffs in 1967.

In the late 1970s, the Maple Leafs were a good team, with players such as centre Darryl Sittler (who scored a record 10 points in one game) and Swedish defence Borje Salming (one of the first Europeans to play in the NHL). However, there were 18 NHL teams by then, so it was hard to come first. Wendel Clark was a strong player in the 1980s; he became the team's all-time top scorer. Mats Sundin was another Swedish star in the 1990s and 2000s. They also had some good goaltenders around this time: Curtis Joseph, then Ed Belfour.

Notes

Detroit Red Wings

The Detroit Red Wings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). 

The Red Wings were formed in 1926. The Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL) folded that year, and many of the players from the WCHL's Victoria Cougars went to play for Detroit. As a result, the team was first called the Detroit Cougars, then later it changed to Detroit Falcons, before becoming known as the Red Wings.

In the late 1940s, the line of Sid Abel, Gordie Howe, and Ted Lindsey became very important to the team. Abel won the Hart Trophy in 1949, and Lindsey won the Art Ross Trophy as scoring champion in 1950. Howe then won six Hart and six Art Ross Trophies between 1951 and 1963. Terry Sawchuck was a star goaltender, who ended up with more career shutouts than any other goalie (103). Red Kelly won the first ever Norris Trophy as best defence. As a result of having such great players, the Red Wings won four Stanley Cups in six years: 1950, 1952, 1954, and 1955. Two of these were very close: they were won in overtime of the 7th and deciding game in 1950 (against the New York Rangers) and 1954 (against the Montreal Canadiens). These are the only two times the NHL championship has gone to overtime of game seven.

The Red Wings continued to be a strong team throughout the 1960. They lost the NHL Finals five times between 1956 and 1966. Norm Ullman was their star center in the 1960s.

They were not a strong team again until the late 1980s. Steve Yzerman became a star at this time. Sergei Fedorov became the first Russian to win the Hart Trophy in 1994. The Red Wings won the President's Cup as top team in the NHL regular season in 1995, 1996 (with a record number of wins), and 2002. They won the Stanley Cup in 1997, 1998, and 2002. Nicklas Lidstrom won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman three times beginning in 2001. The team was one of the richest in the NHL, which helped them get many good players.

The Red Wings have won eleven Stanley Cups, the third most of any team, and the most of the United States teams. They first won in 1936 and 1937, and again in 1943. Ebbie Goodfellow won the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player in 1940. Sid Howe was also a star on the team at this time.



Wayne Gretzky

Wayne Gretzky (born January 26, 1961 in Brantford, Ontario) known as "The Great One", is a Canadian retired ice hockey player. Gretzky played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 20 seasons. He was coach and part-owner of the NHL's Phoenix Coyotes until he stepped down on September 24, 2009. He also managed Canada's Olympic hockey teams in 2002 and 2006, as well as Canada's 2004 World Cup of Hockey team.

The Gretzky family comes from Belarus, or more precisely from the Brest region (the village of Ogdemer), from where his paternal grandfather Terenty Lavrentiyovych Gretzky emigrated. Grandmother Veyna Maria was Ukrainian and comes from Pidhaitsi (now Ternopil region); he and his grandfather spoke Ukrainian to each other. His parents were Walter and Phyllis Gretzky; his father considered Ukrainian his native language. The family had four other children: Kim, Kate, Brent and Glenn.

Gretzky did not emphasize his Ukrainian roots, but at a large fundraising dinner in Toronto in support of the Canadian medical mission to help victims on the Maidan and the ATO on September 11, 2014, Wayne and his wife Janet were introduced to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper as guests of honor.

Wayne signed his first contract at the age of 16 with the Indianapolis Racers. He then played for the National Hockey League (NHL): "Edmonton Oilers", "Los Angeles Kings", "New York Rangers".

Gretzky was a star junior player with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League. When he was a boy he went from a bad first season, to great improvement. But this success also brought criticism because his father pushed Gretzky's success over other young players'. In 1978, when he was 17, he began playing as a professional with the Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), but was sold to the Edmonton Oilers after only a few games. He was third in WHA scoring and rookie of the year.

The WHA folded in 1979, and the Oilers team joined the NHL. At the age of 19, Gretzky won his first Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player (MVP). He won this trophy nine times. In 1981, he won his first of ten Art Ross Trophies as NHL scoring champion. He set many records in the 1980s, including most goals (92), assists (163), and points (215) in a season. In the 1981-82 season, he scored 50 goals in 39 games, when the record had been 50 games. He was named as Sports Illustrated athlete of the year in 1982. He was also called "the greatest player of all time" in "Total Hockey: The Official Encyclopedia of the NHL".

Gretzky won four Stanley Cup championships with the Edmonton Oilers: 1984, 1985, 1987, and 1988. He won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs in 1985 and 1988. Then, in 1988, he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings. He helped them to the finals in 1993. In 1996, he was traded to the St. Louis Blues, and signed with the New York Rangers at the beginning of the 1996-97 season. He retired, and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, in 1999.

When he retired, he had 2857 career points, over 1000 more than the next highest player. To this day, no one else has reached 2000. He still holds the record for most career goals (894) and assists (1963) (he has more assists than anyone else has points). He holds many other records, such as most 100-point seasons (15), most points in the playoffs (47 in one year and 382 career), and most games in a row with at least one point (51). He was named to the first or second all-star team 15 times and was MVP of the NHL all-star game three times. He had 61 official NHL records when he retired.

In 21 years of playing on the ice (1487 games), Wayne Gretzky broke virtually all NHL records. He has 894 goals and 2857 points. He has won the NHL's most prestigious awards nine times (including "Most Valuable Player" and "Best Scorer").

In the Stanley Cup he played 208 matches, scored 122 goals. Four-time (1984, 1985, 1987, 1988) winner and three-time (1983, 1986, 1993) Stanley Cup finalist.

7 seasons in a row he was named the most productive player in the NHL (1980-1987). Awarded the Order of Canada (1984), member of the Hockey Hall of Fame (1999). Participant in the 18th Winter Olympics (Nagano, 1998), executive director of the Canadian national team at the 19th (Salt Lake City, 2002) and 20th (Turin, 2006) Olympic Games. Since 2005 - head coach, later co-owner of the team "Coyotes" (Phoenix, Arizona, USA).

He set 61 NHL records and was nicknamed the Great for his achievements. For his outstanding contribution to the development of world hockey in 1994, Wayne Gretsky was awarded the Lester Patrick Trophy. The athlete is also recognized as the best NHL hockey player of all time, immortalized in the "Hockey Hall of Fame". Number 99, under which he played, is assigned to him in all NHL teams.

Gretzky's number, #99, was retired by the entire league. He was named Canada's male athlete of the 20th century. He has also been honoured with Canada's highest honour for a civilian: the Order of Canada.

Gretzky married American actress Janet Jones in 1988. They have five children: Paulina, Ty, Trevor, Tristan, and Emma.

Hart Memorial Trophy

The Hart Trophy is given to the most valuable player of the National Hockey League every year. It was given to the NHL by Dr. David Hart, father of NHL coach and manager Cecil Hart. It was first awarded in 1924.

Wayne Gretzky has won the most Hart Trophies with nine, followed by Gordie Howe with six and Eddie Shore with four. Howie Morenz, Bobby Orr, Bobby Clarke, and Mario Lemieux have won the award three times each.

The closest vote for the trophy was in 2002, when Jose Theodore and Jarome Iginla tied; Theodore won because he had more first-place votes. In 1999, Chris Pronger won by one point over Jaromir Jagr; and in 1990, Mark Messier won by two points over Ray Bourque.


Frankfurt

Frankfurt, officially Frankfurt am Main (; Hessian: "Frangford am Maa", "Frank ford on the Main"), is one of the biggest cities in Germany. The city of Frankfurt has a population of 700,000. The metropolitan area, called Rhine-Main after its two biggest rivers, has over four million people. Frankfurt is an important centre for traffic and for the financial business. The Frankfurt International Airport is the largest in Germany, and one of the largest in the world. Frankfurt's train station is one of the largest, and its highway crossing is the centre of Germany's street network. Frankfurt is the seat of the European Central Bank, the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank) and of the biggest German banks, and it has an important stock exchange where shares of German companies are traded.

Frankfurt is on the Main river. The city's name means "ford of the Franks" - a ford is a place in a river where it is so shallow that you can walk through it, and the Franks were a Germanic people which existed in the first millennium. So, this was a place where travellers could cross the river without a boat. The frankish kings built a palace and a church here. Over the centuries, this group of buildings grew to be a big city which was famous for international trade and fairs, like today. Frankfurt was one of the most important cities of the Holy Roman Empire, and its emperors were crowned here. In the 19th century, Frankfurt was the capital of the German Confederation which was founded after the Holy Roman Empire fell apart. During the revolution of 1848, the first freely elected German parliament worked in Frankfurt.

During the Industrial Revolution, many factories and railway lines were built in Frankfurt and its suburbs. In the city centre, a lot of big buildings were built, like an opera house, theatres, stock exchange, railway stations, department stores or museums. Tram lines were constructed to make travelling inside the growing city easier. In World War II, the old city was totally destroyed by airplane bomber attacks. After the war, Germany was divided into two parts, and Frankfurt became the economic capital of West Germany while Bonn was chosen to be the political capital.

Frankfurt is a very international city. Every third inhabitant is not German. Most immigrants come from southeastern Europe, Turkey and North Africa, but there are people from almost every country living in Frankfurt. There are also many international business companies here, and the big airport links Frankfurt with many countries in the world. Many banks are based in Frankfurt, which is why so many are offered there. Frankfurt has some of the tallest buildings in Europe, which is why the city is although called "Mainhattan".

The largest shopping street in Frankfurt is called the Zeil.

"Frankfurter" is also a name for a hot dog, or sausage, because they are said to have originated in the city.

Frankfurt has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

The first Wikimania conference was hosted in this city in 2005.



Hugh Capet of France

Hugh Capet (French: Hugues Capet) (c. 939 – 14 October 996) was King of the Franks from 987 until his death in 996. The Capetian dynasty he started ruled France in an unbroken line for 300 years.

Hugh was born in the winter of 941 and was the son of Hugh the Great and Hedwige of Saxony. His grandfather was King Robert I. His grandmother was Beatrice of Vermandois. She was a Carolingian; a daughter of Herbert I of Vermandois. By this connection he was the fifth great-grandson of Charlemagne through Pepin of Italy.

While still a young man Hugh got the nickname "capet" from the cape he wore. These were tokens of the lay abbacies he held. 

When King Louis V died with no heir Adalbero of Reims made a plea for electing Hugh Capet. He proposed the throne was not a hereditary right but that the king should be the best man for the job. The assembly at Senlis agreed and elected Hugh King of the Franks. 

Capet is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. His tomb effigy was destroyed during the French Revolution.

He married Adelaide of Aquitaine. She was the daughter of William III of Aquitaine. Together they had:


Disney Channel

Disney Channel is a cable television network that is owned by The Walt Disney Company. The channel shows programs that are made for family audiences, mostly pre-teens and teenagers. The channel began on the morning of April 18, 1983. Its programs ran for 18 hours a day until December 1986. From 1983 to 1997, the channel was called The Disney Channel. 
Disney Channel programs shows targeted at preschool-age children on weekdays from 6 a.m.-2 p.m. ET/PT (6-10 a.m. during the summer months) and weekends from 6-9 a.m. ET, called Disney Junior. , the only programming featuring classic Disney characters is "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse" on the Disney Junior block. Other programming in this block includes "Mickey and the Roadster Racers, , Sofia The First," and "Elena of Avalor." 

On May 26, 2010, it was announced that the Playhouse Disney block will be re-branded under the name Disney Junior starting on February 14, 2011 which later became its own digital cable and satellite channel on March 23, 2012, replacing SOAPnet. The Disney Junior channel is a direct competitor to Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. network and PBS and Comcast's PBS Kids Sprout.




List of dog breeds

People have carefully bred dogs for thousands of years. Sometimes they inbreed dogs who have the same close ancestors, and sometimes they mix dogs from very different ancestors or even from different breeds. This continues today, resulting in hundreds of dog breeds, some that are similar to each other, and others that are very different. 

This list includes common breeds, rare breeds, and breeds that are still being developed into new breeds. See each article for more information.ten

Dog breeds are often grouped in different ways, such as:
Dog breeds are also sometimes grouped into similar , such as Mastiff types, spitz types, pit bulls, or Lurchers.

Dog breeds include:
Nonsporting Dogs


































See the lists of dog breeds that these important breed registries allow:

Milli Vanilli

Milli Vanilli was a German musical group, formed in Munich. They consisted of Fab Morvan (born 1966) and Rob Pilatus (1965-1998). They were popular in the late-1980s. In 1990, people found out that the group never sang anything at all. Even at concerts, they pretended to sing (lip synching) while a recording was played. This created controversy and eventually led to the end of Milli Vanilli in 1990.


1706

The year 1706 was a common year which started on a Friday.




Geology

Geology is the study of the nonliving things that the Earth is made of. Geology is the study of rocks in the Earth's crust. People who study geology are called geologists. Some geologists study minerals (mineralogist) and the useful substances the rocks contain such as ores and fossil fuels. Geologists also study the history of the Earth.

Some of the important events in the Earth's history are floods, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, orogeny (mountain building), and plate tectonics (movement of continents). 
Geology is divided into special subjects that study one part of geology. Some of these subjects and what they focus on are:


Rocks can be very different from each other. Some are very hard and some are soft. Some rocks are very common, while others are rare. However, all the different rocks belong to three categories or types, igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic.


All three kinds of rock can be changed by being heated and squeezed by forces in the Earth. When this happens, faults (cracks) may appear in the rock. Geologists can learn a lot about the history of the rock by studying the patterns of the fault lines. Earthquakes are caused when a fault breaks suddenly.

Soil is the stuff on the ground made of lots of particles (or tiny pieces). The particles of soil come from rocks that have broken down, and from rotting leaves and animals bodies. Soil covers a lot of the surface of the Earth. Plants of all sorts grow in soil.

To find out more about types of rocks, see the "rock (geology)" article.
To find out more about soil, see the "soil" article.

Geologists use some simple ideas which help them to understand the rocks they are studying. The following ideas were worked out in the early days of stratigraphy by people like Nicolaus Steno, James Hutton and William Smith:


Pisa

Pisa is a city and a "comune" in Tuscany, Italy. About 90,000 people live in the city. The city has a very long and turbulent history. The "Leaning Tower of Pisa" is a famous landmark of Pisa.




Cheshire

Cheshire is a rural county in England. It is the North West part of the country, just south of Manchester. Cheshire covers 905 square miles (2,344 km2) and had a population of around 1.1 million in 2021. 

Cheshire's county town is the cathedral city of Chester, while its most populated town is Warrington. 

It is most famous for making salt and cheese. Cheshire is made up of lots of little towns including the Borough of Macclesfield, a market town. A main attraction is Kerridge, near one of the western foothills of the Pennines . 

Cayman Islands

The Cayman Islands are a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean Sea. The territory is made up of three islands: Grand Cayman, Little Cayman, and Cayman Brac. Its capital, George Town, is on the main island (Grand Cayman).

The Cayman Islands are governed by the United Kingdom. The Monarch chooses a Governor to represent the territory. The Governor can use his powers freely, but the King still has executive power.

There are no direct taxes that residents and companies have to pay. The government receives most income from indirect taxes. However, there are tourist taxes and airport taxes. 

The Cayman Islands have a Tropical climate. The wet season runs from May to October, and the dry season runs from November to April. 

The Cayman Islands are a popular tourist spot because they have coral reefs. This is why many tourists travel on airplanes or on cruise ships to go snorkeling and scuba diving.

There are three airports in the Cayman Islands. The main one is . It is located on Grand Cayman near George Town, in which the national airline, Cayman Airways is based.


1167

1167 was a common year.


1197

1197 (MCXCVII) was .




1210

1210 (MCCX) was .




E-mail

Electronic mail (or e-mail or email) is an Internet service that allows people who have an e-mail address (accounts) to send and receive electronic letters. Those are much like postal letters, except that they are delivered much faster than snail mail when sending over long distances, and are usually free.

Like with regular mail, users may get a lot of unwanted mail. With e-mail, this is called spam. Some programs used for sending and receiving mail can detect spam and filter it out nearly completely.

To send or receive an email in the traditional way, one needs a device (computer, phone etc.) connected to the Internet and an e-mail program (simply called mailer). Several formats exist for email addresses. The most common, called , looks like user@domain.com. E-mail messages are sent mostly by text, and sometimes by HTML style.

Some companies let people send and receive emails for free from a remote website. Gmail, Hotmail and Yahoo! are among the many that do this kind of "web mail". Webmail does not follow the pattern below exactly because the webpage is a web application and takes care of many details by itself. The traditional way uses a mailer, as is usual with smartphones. 

Microsoft invented its own "communication protocol" (or set of rules) for sending and receiving mail, called "Exchange". Exchange protocol works entirely differently from the traditional method and is not explained here.

This diagram gives an example of what happens when email is sent from one person to another using the traditional method. In this example, Alice is sending email to Bob.




1242

1242 is a common year in the 13th century


The Dillinger Escape Plan

The Dillinger Escape Plan was an American metalcore band. They formed in New Jersey in 1997. They are generally a heavy group, with punk roots and influences from punk bands like The Bronx and Bad Brains.


Queensrÿche

Queensrÿche is an American heavy metal band. They formed in Bellevue, Washington in 1982. They have made 16 studio albums, one extended play (EP), and many DVDs. When the band was made, its members were singer Geoff Tate, guitarists Michael Wilton and Chris DeGarmo, drummer Scott Rockenfield, and bassist Eddie Jackson.

Queensrÿche has sold over 20 million albums. They were one of the main bands that made progressive metal music in the 1980s. Many people say that "", an album they released in 1988, is one of the best heavy metal concept albums ever made. The band has been nominated for Grammy Awards three times.


Midnight Oil

Midnight Oil is an New Zealand rock band. They formed in Auckland in 1976. The band became famous for its soft-rock sound and calming live performances. The band was politically active supporting environmentalist and indigenous causes.

Jon Bon Jovi

John Francis Bongiovi (born March 2, 1962 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey) better known as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American musician and actor. He is best known as the lead singer of the hard-rock band, Bon Jovi.

In 1983, Jon was one of the founding members of Bon Jovi. Earlier he sang in bands "Starz" and "Atlantic City Expressway".

In 2006, Jon was ranked in 31st place out of 100 the best vocalist in history.

He starred in 18 films, last time in 2011.

On the Waterfront

On the Waterfront is a 1954 American movie about mob violence among longshoremen (people who unload ships) in New Jersey. Directed by Elia Kazan, it stars Marlon Brando, Eva Marie Saint and Karl Malden.

The movie won eight Academy Awards: for Best Picture, Best Actor (Brando), Best Supporting Actress (Saint), Best Art Direction, Best Director (Kazan), Best Cinematography (Boris Kaufman), Best Film Editing (Gene Milford) and Best Original Screenpaly (Budd Schulberg). The catchphrase, "I could've been a contender", is said by Terry Malloy. In 2005, it ranked third on AFI's list of the one hundred most famous quotes in movie history . Five years earlier, it was the eighth most popular movie on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.

Faith No More

Faith No More is an alternative metal band. They were formed by bassist Billy Gould, drummer Mike Bordin, and keyboarder Roddy Bottum in San Francisco, California, USA, in 1981 and broke up on April 20, 1998. However, they got back together in 2009 and have continued playing since.

They became successful with singer Mike Patton in the early 1990s. Their biggest hits were "Epic" and the cover song "Easy", originally from Lionel Richie.

So far, Faith No More has released six studio albums, which include:

The Pretenders

The Pretenders are an English rock and punk rock band. They formed in Hereford in 1978.

Schindler's List

Schindler's List is a 1993 American historical drama movie set in World War II, and directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on "Schindler's Ark", a 1982 book by Thomas Keneally. The movie and the book owe their names to the list of over a thousand Jews who worked in the title character's factory to rescue them from destruction by the Nazis.

It is about businessman Oskar Schindler who saves thousands of Jews from being killed in the Holocaust by putting them to work in a factory. His list was the list of Jews he wanted to save from the Nazi’s in Nazi Occupied Poland, where Jews were normally sent to Concentration camps operated by the SS during the Holocaust from 1941 to 1945 .

"Schindler's List" featured on a number of "best of" lists, including the "TIME" magazine's Top Hundred as selected by critics Richard Corliss and Richard Schickel, "Time Out" magazine's 100 Greatest Films Centenary Poll conducted in 1995, and Leonard Maltin's "100 Must See Movies of the Century". The Vatican named "Schindler's List" among the most important 45 movies ever made. A Channel 4 poll named "Schindler's List" the ninth greatest movie of all time, and it ranked fourth in their 2005 war movies poll. The movie was named the best of 1993 by critics such as James Berardinelli, Roger Ebert, and Gene Siskel. The movie was designated by the Library of Congress in 2004 and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. Spielberg won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film for his work, and shared the Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture with co-producers Branko Lustig and Gerald R. Molen. Steven Zaillian won the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

It was nominated for twelve Academy Awards, winning seven, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Original Score, and won numerous other awards, including seven BAFTAs and three Golden Globe Awards. The movie also won numerous other awards and nominations worldwide.

Among others such as "Citizen Kane" and "Sunset Boulevard", it has been called one of the greatest movies ever. In 1998, the American Film Institute selected it as the ninth most popular of all time in their 100 Years... 100 Movies list.

In February 1997, NBC aired a version without cuts of the movie (in two parts), much to the upset of many viewers. It was the first time a television broadcast had ever received the TV-M rating (soon to be called TV-MA).


Chlorofluorocarbon

A chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) is a gas used for various purposes including solvents, refrigerants, and aerosol sprays. They are organic chemicals and contain carbon, hydrogen, chlorine, and fluorine. They were much used in the middle of the 20th century, replacing chemicals that were toxic or flammable or had other problems. 

In 1978, Sweden became the first country that banned CFC products. Later, the US and Canada did the same. Now, CFC products are not allowed in most countries, because they cause ozone depletion. CFCs are greenhouse gases. An alternative to chlorofluorocarbons is hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). These do not destroy the ozone layer or increase global warming.


Singin' in the Rain

Singin' in the Rain is a 1952 American movie musical romantic comedy movie starring Gene Kelly. It was directed by Kelly and Stanley Donen. It is set in Los Angeles, California in 1927. It gives an amusing look at Hollywood's change from silent movies to "talkies".

It is considered to be among the best movie musicals ever made.

Shooting on the movie began on June 18, 1951, and ended on November 21.

North and South

North and South is a novel by John Jakes. It is the first of three books about two friends who must fight against each other during the American Civil War.

"North and South" had two sequels. They are called "Love and War" and "Heaven and Hell". The books were written in 1982, 1984, and 1987. 

There were also TV versions made. Three miniseries were done in 1985, 1986, and 1994. The two main characters were played by James Read and Patrick Swayze (Swayze's character does not appear in the third part).

Apparatus

Apparatus can refer to:


Internet Movie Database

Internet Movie Database (or IMDb for short) is an online database of information (facts) about actors, movies, TV shows, and video games. The IMDb database started in October 1990, moved to the World Wide Web in 1993, and has been owned by Amazon.com since 1998.


Chicago Blackhawks

The Chicago Blackhawks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were formed in 1926, named after the 333rd Machine Gun Battalion of the 86th Infantry Division during World War I which was nicknamed the "Blackhawk Division". The division was named after Chief Black Hawk, a native American leader. The team has won the Stanley Cup Championship six times, in 1933, 1937, 1961, 2010, 2013 also in 2015.

The Regina Capitals were a team in the Western Canada Hockey League until 1925, when they moved and became the Portland Rosebuds. One year later, the league folded. Most of the Portland players then played for the new Chicago team in the NHL.

In the 1930s, Charlie Gardiner was a star goaltender for the team. Players on the Blackhawks won four scoring titles (Art Ross Trophy) in the 1940s: Doug Bentley in 1943, his brother Ben in 1946 and 1947, and Roy Conacher in 1949. Max Bentley also won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player in 1946. Goalie Al Rollins won the Hart Trophy in 1954. By 1960, however, the team had only made the Stanley Cup final four times, winning the Cup in 1934 and 1938, and losing in 1931 and 1944.

The team was much stronger in the 1960s. Bobby Hull led the NHL in goals seven times, more than any other player. He also won three Art Ross and two Hart Trophies. Stan Mikita won four Art Ross and two Hart Trophies. Between them, they led the NHL in scoring seven times in nine years. Star goaltender Glenn Hall was an all-star many times; and Pierre Pilote won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman three times. The Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup in 1961, and also made the finals in 1962 and 1965. Goalie Tony Esposito led them to the finals in 1971 and 1973.

Since that time, they have had many star players such as Doug Wilson, Steve Larmer, Jeremy Roenick, and Tony Amonte; but they have not won the Cup since 1961, the longest wait of any NHL team. They won the Presidents' Trophy as the top team in the regular season in 1991, and made the finals again in 1992, partly due to Ed Belfour (who won two Vezina Trophies as best goaltender) and Chris Chelios (who won two Norris Trophies on Chicago). As of 2006, however, they have only made the playoffs once in the last eight years.

The mascot of the Chicago Blackhawks is named Tommy Hawk. He was introduced in the 2001–02 NHL season. He wears the Blackhawks' four feathers on his head and also wears a Blackhawks jersey and hockey pants. Tommy Hawk sometimes participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck with the fans.

The Blackhawks have their own official fight song called, "Here Come the Hawks!" which is also an introduction for them. A song that was called "Keys to the City" was given to the Blackhawks organization as a gift by Ministry & Co Conspirators. After the Blackhawks score a goal at the United Center they play the song "Chelsea Dagger" by The Fratellis.

In 1985, during the Campbell Conference playoff game, a tradition was started where the Blackhawks fans would cheer and applaud loudly during the singing of the national anthem. This is still done today.

Jonathan Toews was named the team's captain prior to the 2008-09 season opener which made him the third-youngest captain at the time. The Blackhawks led the NHL in home attendance with a total of 912,155, averaging 22,247 fans per game during to the 2008-09 season. The number of attendance also included the Winter Classic at Wrigley Field which had 40,818 fans in attendance.

The Blackhawks acquired forward Marián Hossa and signed him to a 12-year contract which was worth 62.8 million dollars. The deal also included Tomas Kopecky, John Madden, and Richard Petiot. Due to the salary cap, the Blackhawks were forced to give up a bunch of their players.

On June 9, 2010 The Blackhawks won their first Stanley Cup in 49 years when Patrick Kane scored the game-winning overtime goal as they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers in game 6 of the best-of-7 series.

On June 24, 2013, the team won their fifth Stanley Cup after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. They were down 2–1 and scored two goals from Bryan Bickell and Dave Bolland 1:16 and 0:58.3 (17 seconds apart) to win 3-2.

On June 15, 2015, the Blackhawks won their third Stanley Cup championship in six years after they defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning 4 games to 2 in the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals. It was their first Stanley Cup win on home ice since 1938.

In 2021, former player Kyle Beach came out and said that he was sexually assaulted by then-video coach Brad Alrich. Beach sued the Blackhawks for not properly handling the incident or filing a report with the police. After a four month investigation, it showed that team president John McDonough, executive vice president Jay Blunk, general manager Stan Bowman, assistant general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff, and head coach Joel Quenneville met before the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals and decided not to take action on Alrich until the Finals were over. Aldrich was allowed to quit after the team's victory. After the results were released, Bowman and senior director of hockey operations Al MacIsaac quit. The team was fined $2 million by the NHL. Kyle Davidson became the general manager. McDonough, Bowman, Blunk, and MacIssac were banned from the NHL and need permission if they want another job in the league. On October 28, Joel Quenneville quit as head coach of the Florida Panthers after he met with NHL commissioner Gary Bettman. Cheveldayoff was cleared by Bettman. Beach and the Blackhawks settled the lawsuit on December 15.

On May 8, 2023, the Blackhawks won the 2023 NHL Draft lottery and the opportunity to draft first overall in the 2023 NHL Entry Draft. With the first overall pick, the Blackhawks drafted Connor Bedard.


Cape Verde

Cape Verde () or Cabo Verde (, ) (, ), officially the Republic of Cabo Verde, is an island country in Africa. It is a group of islands in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Western Africa. The islands cover a combined area of slightly over . They have a volcanic origin.

Cape Verde is one of Macaronesia's group of islands.

The Portuguese explorer Dinis Dias (or Denis Fernadez) discovered in 1445 a peninsula along the coast of Senegal that he named Cap-Vert (Dias named it "Cabo Verde", "verde" being Portuguese for "green", a reference to the vegetation in the area). Dias did not discover the "Cape Verde Islands", but rather the actual cape.

This peninsula is the westernmost point of the African continent.

The first Europeans to arrive in Cape Verde were the Portugueses Diogo Gomes and Antonio da Noli in 1460. The islands were uninhabited, and the first settlement was founded in 1462 on the island of Santiago (the main Island) which was divided into two “capitanias”, Alcatrazes and Ribeira Grande. The first one failed and the main activity in Ribeira Grande was the exploitation of cotton farms. Ribeira Grande served also as a slave trade post and as post of slave Christianization before they were sent to the New World.

The city suffered several pirate raids and for this reason in 1712, after a French attack, the authorities were forced to move the capital to Praia, where it is located until now. Cape Verde had the status of Portuguese colony until 1951 when Portugal changed its status to Overseas Province and in 1961 Portugal gave full citizenship to all Cape Verdeans.

Cape Verde has been independent of Portugal since 5th July 1975. The fight for independence was led by the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC) and headed by Amílcar_Cabral, the national hero of both countries, Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau.

The Cape Verde archipelago is in the Atlantic Ocean, approximately off the coast of West Africa, near Senegal, Gambia and Mauritania, and is a part, together with the Azores, Madeira, Savage Islands and Canary Islands, of the Macaronesia ecological region. It lies between the latitudes 14°N and 18°N, and the longitudes 22°W and 26°W.

The country is an archipelago with a total area of . It is formed by ten islands (nine inhabited) and several very small islands (islets) divided into two groups, arranged according to the prevailing wind direction:

The largest islands are, to the southeast, Santiago, where lies Praia, the capital and largest city of the country, and the island of Santo Antão, in the extreme northwest. Praia is also the main population centre of the archipelago, followed by Mindelo on the island of São Vicente.


The sun shines 350 days a year and temperatures range between . The breeze (a gentle to moderate wind) blows constantly from the ocean at a relatively low average humidity of 40% to 60%.

The Cape Verde Islands only have two seasons: The "Tempo das Brisas" ("Time of the winds") from October to mid-July and the "Tempo das chuvas" ("Rainy season") from August to September, when there may be heavy tropical rainfall. The coolest months are January and February (average temperature of 21 °C), where temperatures can drop down to 16 °C; the warmest is the month of September (up to 36 °C) with an average temperature of 27 °C.

Otherwise, the islands of Barlavento (Santo Antão, São Vicente, São Nicolao, Boa Vista, Sal, Santa Luzia, Branco and Razo) are always somewhat cooler than those of the Sotavento (Maio, Santiago, Fogo and Brava), where summers can be quite hot.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate of Praia (Cabo Verde) is Bwh (Tropical and Subtropical Desert Climate).

Cape Verde's isolation has resulted in the islands having a number of endemic species, particularly birds and reptiles, many of which are endangered by human development. Endemic birds include Alexander's Swift ("Apus alexandri"), Bourne's Heron ("Ardea purpurea bournei"), the Raso Lark ("Alauda razae"), the Cape Verde Warbler ("Acrocephalus brevipennis"), and the Iago Sparrow ("Passer iagoensis"). The islands are also an important breeding area for seabirds including the Cape Verde Shearwater. Reptiles include the Cape Verde Giant Gecko ("Tarentola gigas").

Cape Verde is divided into 22 municipalities ("concelhos") and subdivided into 32 parishes ("freguesias").

Cape Verde is a representative parliamentary republic. The constitution —adopted in 1980 and revised in 1992, 1995 and 1999— defines the basic principles of its government. The president is the head of state and is elected for a 5-year term; the Prime Minister is the head of government. The Prime Minister is nominated by the National Assembly and appointed by the President.

The economic resources of Cape Verde are largely dependent on agriculture and fishing. Agriculture frequently suffers the effects of droughts. The most important crops are coffee, bananas, sugar cane, tropical fruits, corn, beans, sweet potato, and cassava. The industrial sector is incipient but is based on the production of “aguardente” (spirits from sugar cane), clothing and footwear, paints and varnishes, tourism, fishing and canned fish, and salt extraction. Banana, canned fish, frozen fish, lobsters, salt, and clothes are the main exports. The national currency is the Cape Verdean escudo. Remittances from emigration are another important source of resources for the State of Cape Verde.

In Cape Verde, the annual rate of population growth and mortality are low, compared to average rates of other middle-income countries. The average life expectancy is 66 years and 71 years respectively for men and women. The resident population in the country is estimated at 500,000 inhabitants. There are an estimated additional one million Cape Verdeans living abroad, mainly in the United States, Western Europe, and Africa. Cape Verde has a young population with an average age of 23 years.

Cape Verdean culture is a unique mixture of European and African elements. Corn is the staple food of Cape Verde. The national or traditional dish is "cachupa", which is a stew of hominy (dried maize kernals), beans, and whatever meat or vegetables may be available. Other common foods include rice, beans, fish, potatoes and manioc. A traditional breakfast is a steamed cornbread, eaten with honey and milk or coffee. Grogue, or sugar cane liquor, is manufactured on the islands and is a popular drink, particularly among the men. Cape Verdean music incorporates Portuguese, Caribbean, and African influences. Popular genres include morna, funaná, batuque, coladeira, and cola san jon.

In Cape Verde, other than private clinics, the government guarantees a public health system which comprises several healthcare centers and three central hospitals (Hospital Agostinho Neto, in Praia, Hospital Baptista de Sousa, in São Vicente, and Hospital Regional de Santiago Norte, in Assomada). The cost of public health is supported by the government, but users must pay a fee which varies in accordance with the capacity of the user to afford it.
After independence, the different governments of Cape Verde invested massively in education and illiteracy has been reduced drastically. Today almost one hundred percent of school-age children attend school. Attendance to primary schooling, which comprises 6 years, is compulsory and free of any charge. Education is guaranteed by a network of public schools that span from nursery school to university. There are also several private schools in all levels of education.


Madeira

Madeira is a Portuguese archipelago that lies between and , just under north of Tenerife, Canary Islands, in the north Atlantic Ocean and an outermost region of the European Union.

The archipelago comprises the major part of one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal (the other being the Azores located to the northwest), that includes the islands of Madeira, Porto Santo, and the Desertas, administered together with the separate archipelago of the Savage Islands.

The name Madeira could be used for the autonomous region, the geographical group of islands or just the island of Madeira. These islands are part of the Macaronesia.

Madeira's official written history began in 1418, when two captains under service to Prince Henry the Navigator, João Gonçalves Zarco and Tristão Vaz Teixeira, were pushed by a storm to an island which they named Porto Santo (English: "holy harbour"). The following year, an organised expedition was sent to this new land to take possession of the island on behalf of the Portuguese crown. Later, the new settlers saw an island to the southwest, and so the larger island of Madeira was discovered.

The islands were found to be completely uninhabited, and their colonization by the Portuguese began around 1420 or 1425. To get the minimum conditions for the development of agriculture, they had to cut part of the dense forest and to construct a large number of canals ("levadas") to carry water, since in some parts of the island there was excess water, while in others water was scarce. During this period, fish constituted about half of the settlers' diet, together with vegetables and fruits cultivated from small pieces of land. Initially, these colonists produced wheat for their own subsistence, but later the quantity cultivated was sufficient to begin sending wheat to continental Portugal.

On the 23 September 1433, the name "Ilha da Madeira" (English: "Madeira Island", or literally "island of wood") began to appear in the first documents and maps. The name given to the islands corresponded to the large dense forests of native trees that covered the island.

However, when wheat production began to fall, the crisis forced to plant other commercial crops. They brought from Sicily plants of sugarcane to produce sugar. After the 17th century, as sugar production went to Brazil, São Tomé and Príncipe and elsewhere, Madeira's most important product became its wine.

As other islands of the Macaronesia, the Madeira islands are of volcanic origin and with a subtropical climate.

The archipelago is in the African plate, in the Atlantic Ocean between the latitudes 30° and 33° north, southwest of Lisbon and, about west of the African coast, almost at the same latitude as Casablanca.

The Madeira islands have a total area of . Their individual areas vary between of the largest island (Madeira) to of the Savage Islands.
Of the eight islands, only the two largest (Madeira and Porto Santo) are inhabited, having as main accesses, the Madeira Airport in Funchal and the one in Porto Santo. By sea, Funchal has a port that receives different ships, especially cruise ships. The remaining islands are nature reserves.
The territory of the archipelago contains two main islands: the islands of Madeira and Porto Santo; besides these, there are two groups of uninhabited islands, the Desertas and Savages.

The island of Madeira has a very irregular and uneven terrain, being the highest points the peaks "Pico Ruivo" (1862 m), "Pico das Torres" (1851 m), "Pico do Ariero" (1818 m) and "Pico do Juncal" (1800 m). The northern coast is dominated by high cliffs.

The island of Porto Santo, on the other hand, has a completely different geomorphological formation of the island of Madeira. It is very flat where only small plants grow and the soils are poor and not very good for agriculture. This island has some peaks, particularly in the north, and the " Pico do Facho" (517 m) is the highest point of elevation in the island, followed by "Pico Branco" (450 m).

The highest point of Desertas Islands is "Pedregal" (442 m) in Deserta Grande, and of Selvagens Islands is "Pico da Atalaia" (153 m), in Selvagem Grande.

The average temperature for the year in Funchal, Madeira island, is 19 °C (66.2 °F). The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of 22.6 °C (72.7 °F). The coolest month on average is February, with an average temperature of 16.1 °C (61.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Funchal is 596.9 mm (23.5"). The month with the most precipitation on average is December with 109.2 mm (4.3") of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of 2.5 mm (0.1"). There are an average of 87 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in December with 13 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 1 days.

For the Villa de Porto Santo, Porto Santo island, the average temperature for the year is 17.8 °C (64.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of 21.7 °C (71.0 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 15 °C (59.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Villa de Porto Santo is 375.9 mm (14.8"). The month with the most precipitation on average is January with 61 mm (2.4") of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of 2.5 mm (0.1").

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate of Funchal (Madeira) and Villa de Porto Santo (Porto Santo) is Csb (Mediterran Climate).

The climate of Desertas islands and partes of Porto Santo is semi-arid (Bs) and in the Savage islands is a desert climate (Bw).

In 1976 Madeira became one of the two autonomous regions of the Republic of Portugal (Azores is the other) under the Portuguese name "Região Autónoma da Madeira", with its own executive and a regional legislature. The current president of the regional government is Miguel Albuquerque. The main offices of the regional government are in Funchal, making this city the capital of the region.

Administratively, the Autonomous Region of Madeira (with a population of 267,785 inhabitants in 2011 and covering an area of ) is organised into 11 "municípios", of which 10 are in the island of Madeira and one in Porto Santo. Municipalities are further divided into 54 "freguesias", 53 in Madeira and 1 in Porto Santo.
According to the 2011 Census, the total population in the Autonomous Region of Madeira was 267,785: 126,268 men and 141,517 women. The density for the whole region is persons/km; calculating the density taking in account only the inhabited islands (Madeira and Porto Santo), the density would be inhabitants/km.

The region of Madeira is home to a great and important biodiversity, with an estimated 7,571 terrestrial species for the whole archipelago. The total number of endemic species and subspecies is about 1,419 (1,286 species and 182 sub-species), which represents 19% of the overall species diversity.

The most known environment of the archipelago is its Laurel forest (laurisilva) which still extends over 15,000 hectares or 20% of the archipelago. These forests, very rich in biodiversity, are the largest and best-preserved Laurel forests in the entire Macaronesia region. They are home to unique plant and animal species, including the famous Trocaz Pigeon or Madeira Laurel Pigeon ("Columba trocaz"), and the Madeira Kinglet ("Regulus madeirensis"). The most threatened bird of Europe, the Madeiran or Zino’s Petrel ("Pterodroma madeira") inhabits the highest cliffs in the Central Mountainous Massif of the Madeira island.

In the sea around Madeira there are numerous species of marine mammals, including 28 species of cetaceans and the critically endangered Mediterranean Monk Seal ("Monachus monachus").

There are 6 protected areas in the Madeira Archipelago, including the Madeira Natural Park. This park, which covers over 2/3 of Madeira Island and includes the entire Laurel forest, is a European Council Biogenetic Reserve since 1992, and a UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site since 1999. Additionally, 11 sites in the whole archipelago are part of the Natura 2000 network and 11 other sites are designated Important Bird Areas.

The local economy is based mainly on agriculture and tourism, the main resource. Agriculture produces bananas, flowers, and Madeira wine which is exported. The industrial area is not very diverse and they are relationated with food, beverages, tobacco and construction.


Cameroon

Cameroon (officially called the Republic of Cameroon) is a country in Central Africa. Its capital is Yaoundé. The largest city in Cameroon is Douala. The population of Cameroon is about 20 million. Cameroon's president is Paul Biya. They speak nearly 250 languages in Cameroon. French and English are the official languages.

At , Cameroon is the world's 53rd-largest country. It is about the size of Papua New Guinea. The country is in Central and West Africa on the Bight of Bonny, part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean. The country's neighbours are Nigeria to the west; Chad to the northeast; the Central African Republic to the east; and Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and the Republic of the Congo to the south.

The constitution divides Cameroon into 10 regions. On 12 November 2008, the President changed the divisions from provinces to regions. Each region is headed by a presidentially appointed governor.

The regions are divided into 58 divisions. These are headed by presidentially appointed divisional officers.

Some of the largest cities in Cameroon are:
The official languages of Cameroon are French and English. It is part of both the British Commonwealth and La Francophonie. Most people speak French, English is only spoken in the Northwest and Southwest regions of the country, formerly under British control.



Guinea-Bissau

Guinea-Bissau is a country in Africa. It borders Senegal to the north, Guinea to the south. The official language is Portuguese, and the capital is Bissau. About 1,442,000 people live in Guinea-Bissau as of 2006. The country was a Portuguese colony in the 19th century. At that time is was called Portuguese Guinea. It became independent in 1973. In 1974, the name of the country's capital was added so that it would not be confused with the neighboring country Guinea.

Guinea-Bissau is divided into 8 regions and one autonomous sector. These are divided into thirty-seven sectors. The regions are:

Mauritius

The Republic of Mauritius is an island nation in the Mascarene Islands. It includes Rodrigues, Agaléga and St. Brandon as well as Mauritius. It was formerly ruled by the European countries: France, Portugal, and the United Kingdom, but is now independent from these all European Colonies.

Port Louis is its capital. In the 2000 census, the country had a population of 1,178,848 people. The country is prosperous, and trades mainly with South Africa and Indian Sub Continent.
The island of Mauritius was the home of the dodo.

The island is in the southwest Indian Ocean. It is about east of Madagascar. The country includes the island of Mauritius as well as the islands of St. Brandon, Rodrigues and the Agalega Islands. Mauritius is part of the Mascarene Islands along with the French island of Réunion to the southwest.

The Mauritian flag is made up of four colours of equal width. 
The colours represent the following:

Mauritius, an island of volcanic origin sheltered by barriers of coral reefs forming natural, safe, crystal clear lagoons, has long been a dream destination. Known to the Arabs as early as the 10th century, but officially explored by the Portuguese in the 16th century and subsequently settled by the Dutch in the 17th century. The Dutch were the ones who named the island in honor of Prince Maurits van NASSAU. 
Mauritius was occupied successively by the Dutch (1598-1712) and later by the French (1715-1810). The French assumed control in 1715, developing the island into an important naval base overseeing the Indian Ocean trade, and establishing a plantation economy of sugar cane. 
The British captured the island in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars through the Treaty of Paris. Mauritius remained a strategically important British naval base, and later on, an air station playing an important role during World War II for anti-submarine and convoy operations, as well as the collection of signals intelligence. On 12 March 1968, Mauritius became Independent.


It's a Wonderful Life

It's a Wonderful Life is a 1946 movie directed by Frank Capra. It inspired the story similar to "A Christmas Carol".



Djibouti

Djibouti (officially called the Republic of Djibouti) is a country on the eastern coast of Africa. The capital city is also called Djibouti.

Djibouti gained its independence from France on June 27, 1977. The country was created out of the French Somaliland (later called the French Territory of the Afars and Issas), which was created in the 1800s as a result of French colonialism in Africa.

In 2020, about 920,000 people lived there. It is one of the least populous countries in Africa. Two ethnic groups, the Somali and the Afar people, account for most of the people living in the country.

Djibouti joined the United Nations on September 20, 1977. It is also a member of the Arab League, as well as the African Union and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD).

The history of Djibouti goes back thousands of years when it was part of the Sabean Empire (Ethiopia) to a time when Djiboutians traded hides and skins for the perfumes and spices of ancient Egypt, Pakistan, and China. Through close contacts with the Arabian peninsula for more than 1,000 years, the Somali and Afar tribes in this region became among the first on the African continent to accept Islam. Djibouti is a Muslim country which regularly takes part in Islamic as well as Arab meetings.

The country is close to a narrow part of the Red Sea so it is considered an important area from a military viewpoint.

The Djiboutians () are the people inhabiting or originating from Djibouti (including their diaspora). The country is mainly composed of two ethnic groups, the Somali and the Afar. It has many languages - though Somali and Afar are the most widely spoken ones, Arabic and French serve as the official languages. There is a small Djiboutian diaspora in North America, Europe, and Australia.

Djibouti is near to the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Eritrea in the north, Ethiopia in the west and south, and Awdal of Somalia in the southeast. The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden at the east.

In the Great Rift Valley the rift between the African Plate and the Somali Plate meet the Arabian Plate. This makes a geologic tripoint that is the lowest place in Africa.

Djibouti has eight mountain ranges with peaks of over 1,000 m (3,281 ft). The Mousa Ali range is the country's highest mountain range.

The Grand Bara desert covers parts of southern Djibouti.

Most species of wildlife are found in the northern part of the country, in the ecosystem of the Day Forest National Park. This forest area is the main habitat of the endangered and endemic Djibouti francolin (a bird).

Djibouti is divided into six administrative regions, with Djibouti city representing one of the official regions. It is further subdivided into twenty districts.

The people of Djibouti are mostly Muslim. Islam is observed by 94% of Djibouti's population (about 740,000) (2010 estimate). The remaining six percent follow Christianity.

The Republic of Djibouti names Islam as the only state religion. The Constitution of 1992 provides for the equality of citizens of all faiths as well as the freedom to practise any religion.

Association football is the most popular sport in Djibouti. The country became a member of FIFA in 1994. They have only played in qualifying rounds for both the African Cup of Nations and FIFA World Cup.

The country is linked to Ethiopia by way of the Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway.


Mauritania

Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa. The capital city, which is also the biggest city in the country, is Nouakchott. It is on the Atlantic coast. Its president is General Mohamed Ould Ghazouani.

At 1,030,700 km² (397,929 mi²), Mauritania is the world's 29th-largest country (after Bolivia). It is similar in size to Egypt. The land is flat in most places.

Mauritania is almost 100% Muslim, most of whom are Sunni. People can be killed in Mauritania for being an atheist. On 27 April 2018, The National Assembly passed a law that allows for the death penalty for certain apostasy-related crimes.

Modern Standard Arabic is the official language of Mauritania. Hassaniya is the Arabic dialect that is widely spoken throughout the country. It is mostly used in daily life.

There are also some Berber languages that are spoken in Mauritania. In de south Zenaga is spoken and close to the border with Mali in the southeast Tamasheq (a variety of Tuareg) is spoken. Zenaga is only spoken by a few hundred peoples and seems to be close to disappearance.

As Mauritania is a former colony of France, it is now part of the Francophonie. French is spoken including African French and Maghreb French.

There are several Niger-Congo languages that are spoken in Mauritania. These are Wolof, Soninke, Pulaar and Bambara.

Mauritania is rich in natural resources but has a low GDP. Many people living in Mauritania depend on farming and livestock. Mauritania has a large deposit of iron ore, which is almost half of the country's total exports.

Lake Huron

Lake Huron is one of North America's five Great Lakes. It is the third one up from the mouth. Like Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, and Lake Superior, it is also part of the boundary between the USA and Canada. The Huronian glaciation, billions of years ago, is named for the lake.

Lake Huron is more than 200 miles (325 km) long and is as much as 750 feet (230 m) deep. Many boats and ships go back and forth on Lake Huron, carrying useful things such as iron ore.

Lake Huron borders the Canadian province of Ontario and the American state of Michigan. There are no large cities on Lake Huron, but there are some small cities such as Sarnia, Ontario and Bay City, Michigan. 

The water that flows out of Lake Huron goes through a river that flows past Detroit, Michigan. The water then flows into Lake Erie on its way to the ocean.

On 1996 an hurricane-like storm appeared on Lake Huron, while the National Hurricane Center was not sure to call it a hurricane or not. Because the storm formed over Lake Huron and that it did not get a name from the NHC, many people nicknamed the storm, "Hurricane Huron".

Reunion

Reunion could mean:









Réunion

Réunion () is an island of France. It is also a region of France and an overseas department of France, meaning France owns the island nation. It is in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar, about 200 km (125 miles) southwest of Mauritius. Its capital is Saint-Denis. The highest point in La Reunion is La piton des neiges. The island is also famous for its black beaches, even though people think that there are white beaches. The island is 63 kilometres (39 mi) long; 45 kilometres (28 mi) wide; and covers 2,512 square kilometres (970 sq mi). It is similar to the island Hawaii as both are above hotspots in the Earth's crust.

The Piton de la Fournaise, a shield volcano on the eastern end of Réunion Island, rises more than 2,631 metres (8,632 ft) above sea level and is sometimes called a sister to Hawaiian volcanoes because of the similarity of climate and volcanic nature. It has erupted more than 100 times since 1640 and is under constant monitoring. It most recently erupted on 2 January 2010. Before that, the most noticeable was during April 2007, when the lava flow was estimated at 3,000,000 cubic metres (3,900,000 cu yd) per day. The Piton de la Fournaise is created by a hotspot volcano, which also created the Piton des Neiges and the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues.

The Piton des Neiges volcano, the highest point on the island at 3,070 metres (10,070 ft) above sea level, is northwest of the Piton de la Fournaise. Collapsed calderas and canyons are southwest of the mountain. Like Kohala on the Big Island of Hawaii, the Piton des Neiges is an extinct volcano. Despite its name, snow (French: neige) practically never falls on the summit.

Lake Erie

Lake Erie is one of the Great Lakes in North America. It is the second to the last in the Great Lake system before water flows into the St. Lawrence River. Like Lake Superior, Lake Huron, and Lake Ontario, Lake Erie is part of the boundary between the USA and Canada. In 1813 a naval battle was fought on the lake.

Most of the water that flows into Lake Erie flows through a small river, the Detroit River, that moves water down from Lake St. Clair past Detroit, Michigan. Some more water flows into Lake Erie from other rivers, including the Maumee and the Cuyahoga. At the foot of the Maumee is Toledo, Ohio. At the bend of the Cuyahoga is Cleveland, Ohio.

Water that flows out of Lake Erie flows past Buffalo, New York, and into the Niagara River. The river pours over Niagara Falls, one of the largest waterfalls in North America, and then into the lowest of all the Great Lakes, Lake Ontario. 

Mali

Mali (Bambara: ߡߊߟߌ, Fula: 𞤃𞤢𞥄𞤤𞤭, ), officially the Republic of Mali (; Bambara: ߡߊߟߌ ߞߊ ߝߊߛߏߖߊߡߊߣߊ); Fula: 𞤈𞤫𞤲𞥆𞤣𞤢𞥄𞤲𞤣𞤭 𞤃𞤢𞥄𞤤𞤭, ) is a landlocked country (a country entirely surrounded by land) in West Africa. Mali is bordered by Algeria on the north, Niger on the east, Burkina Faso and the Côte d'Ivoire on the south, Guinea on the south-west, and Senegal and Mauritania on the west. Physical features of Mali include the Sahara desert in the north, with the Niger River and Sénégal River in the southern part of the country. As of a July 2021 estimate, Mali has a population of approximately /1e6 round 1 million people. Mali has a total area of . Most of the people live in the southern part of the country. Mali's capital and most populated city is Bamako.

The Mandé people founded several kingdoms in the Sahel. This was a big area that included Mali. These kingdoms included the Ghana Empire, the Mali Empire, and the Songhai Empire. Timbuktu was an important city in these empires because a lot of trade across the Sahara Desert went there. Timbuktu was also a good place for learning. The Songhai Empire became much smaller after a Moroccan attack in 1591.

France invaded Mali in 1880. After that, France owned Mali. France gave Mali the names "French Sudan" and the "Sudanese Republic". At some times it also included other nearby countries. In early 1959, Mali and Senegal united and they became the Mali Federation. They became independent from France on June 20, 1960. Senegal left the Mali Federation a few months later. The Republic of Mali, with Modibo Keïta as the first president, left the French Community on September 22, 1960.

There was a coup in Mali in 1968. Modibo Keïta lost his job and was put in prison. Mali was then ruled by Moussa Traoré until 1991. He treated the country badly, and so there was another coup in 1991 after protests against the government, and a new constitution was made. The leader of the country was then Amadou Toumani Touré. 

In 1992, Alpha Oumar Konaré won Mali's first democratic election. President Konaré won again in 1997 and he made big political and economic changes. In 2002, Amadou Toumani Touré won the election and he started his second term as head of state. He was a retired general and was the military leader of the 1991 coup. Today, Mali is one of the least stable countries in Africa.

Mali is divided into 10 regions and 1 district. The country is further divided into 49 cercles, containing 288 "arrondissements" and 703 communes.

The regions and district are:

Mali is the world's 24th-largest country. The area of the country is 1,240,000 km² (478,734 mi²). Mali and South Africa are about the same size. It is two times bigger than Texas.

Most of Mali is part of the Sahara Desert. Mali is does not have any sea coast. It is landlocked. Mali does not have many mountains. Flat areas in the north are covered by sand. Savanna is around the Niger River in the south. The climate is dry. The dry season is hot and dusty. There are many natural resources in Mali, including gold, uranium, phosphates, kaolinite, salt, and limestone.

Mali is one of the poorest countries in the world. 65% of its land area is desert or something similar. There have been several long droughts over the last hundred years. Therefore, most economic activity is near the Niger River. 

About 10% of the people are nomads and 80% of workers have jobs in farming and fishing. Industry is mainly to process farm products. Women also do pottery and the pots are bought and taken to markets. Many foreign tourists like the traditional methods which the women use to make the pots. 

Mali's main export is cotton, so if the price of cotton changes, Mali's economy is affected a lot. Mali also receives a lot of financial help from other countries. 

In 1997, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) recommended a programme for changing the economy and the government followed this. Several international companies started exploring for larger amounts of gold in 1996-1998, and the Malian government thinks that Mali will become an important gold exporter soon.

There are several ethnic and religious groups in Mali.

These religions are common in Mali.

About 90% of people from Mali follow Sunni Islam, but they do not always forget their traditional religions. Muslims have their own schooling system. The number of Muslims from Mali who go to Mecca is increasing and some study in Arab countries. About 1% of the people are Christians. When Mali was under French control, Christian teachers were sent to Islamic areas.

The language of Mali under French rule was French, but now not many people outside towns can read or write this language. However, about 60% of the people use other languages well. Many people can read and write in Bamanakan (the most popular spoken language). This language has its own alphabet, called N'Ko. Other people can read and write in Arabic, after going to an Islamic school. One of the oldest universities in the world is Sankore University in Timbuktu. It began in the 1400s.

Famous musicians from Mali include kora player Toumani Diabaté, and the guitarist Ali Farka Touré, who has died.


Chief Joseph

Chief Joseph (1840 – September 21, 1904; whose real name was Hinmaton-Yalaktit) was the chief of the Nez Perce Native Americans, a tribe that lived in what is now the Pacific Northwest of the United States. 
His father was the leader of the Nez-Perce before him, and his mother was a member of this tribe too.

When Joseph was young, his father always told him not to trust white men, he actually had problems with settlers. When his father died, Joseph became chief of the tribe, who resided in plateaus in Northeast Oregon, Southeast Washington and Western Idaho.

The turning point in their relationship to white men was the gold rush in 1863. It gave the US Government the opportunity to reduce their reservation to a small area in Idaho. Then, with the new waves of white men settling in the West, the Government wanted to drive Nez-Perces away from their territory.

Chief Joseph was extremely sad: this place was the tribe's territory where their ancestors were buried. In spite of that, he wanted to avoid conflict and remain in peace. In 1873 he decided to negotiate with the US Government. He travelled all the way to Washington D.C. and spoke to President Ulysses S. Grant. But he only got mean looks and little attention.

So a war began in 1877. The living conditions of Chief Joseph's tribe were awful: they had no food and no blankets. Some people were freezing to death. But the Nez-Perces impressed their enemy thanks to all the battles they won. Many men died on both sides. That's why Joseph decided to surrender. He gave up fighting in 1877.

He was destroyed by the death of his people, and also extremely disappointed: he felt betrayed by white people. He knew he could not trust them anymore. He was tired of being considered a savage. He felt it was not fair for people who were born on the same land to be treated differently. He delivered a lot of speeches on this subject, which are still really good examples of eloquence. But he did not feel listened to, and when he died in his reservation in 1904, the doctor said he "died from sadness". He was buried in Colville Native American Burial Ground, in Washington State.

Seychelles

Seychelles is an African country in the Indian Ocean. Its capital city is Victoria. The official languages are Creole, English, and French. It is a republic is made up of 115 islands.

Seychelles and the islands to the south, Madagascar and Mauritius, all had legal slavery and were part of the slave trade. Most of the people are descendants of freed slaves, who make up about 90% of the population. Many of them also are descended from slave owners who abused their ancestors. There are small minorities of immigrants from Europe, China and India. Most people are Roman Catholics, about 90% of them. About 8% are Protestants.

Other nearby island countries and territories include Zanzibar to the west, Mauritius, Rodrigues, Agalega and Réunion to the south, and Comoros and Mayotte to the southwest. Seychelles has an estimated population of 86,525. It is the smallest population of any African state.

It is thought that Arab sailors first saw the islands in the 7th century. Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the islands in 1502, and called them Three Brothers (), but he did not visit the islands. The British East India Company visited the islands, but they did not settle there.

Seychelles is to the northeast of Madagascar and about east of Kenya. The number of islands in the archipelago is often given as 115 but the Constitution of the Republic of Seychelles lists 155. 

According to the president of Nauru, the Seychelles has been ranked the ninth most endangered nation due to flooding from climate change.

Some of the districts in Seychelles include: Anse Boileau, Takamaka and Cote D’Or.

Seychelles is divided into twenty-five administrative regions. Eight of the districts make up the capital of Seychelles. They are called Greater Victoria. Another 14 districts are considered the rural part of the main island of Mahé. There are two districts on Praslin and one on La Digue which also include satellite islands. The rest of the Outer Islands are not considered part of any district.


During the plantation era, cinnamon, vanilla, and copra were the main exports. In the 1960s, about 33% of the working population worked at plantations, and 20% worked in the public or government sector. In 1971, with the opening of Seychelles International Airport, tourism became a serious industry. 

Like many fragile island ecosystems, the Seychelles had loss of biodiversity during early human history. This included the disappearance of most of the giant tortoises from the granitic islands. There was also the extinction of species such as the chestnut flanked white eye, the Seychelles Parakeet, the Seychelles Black Terrapin and the saltwater crocodile. However, extinctions were far fewer than on islands such as Mauritius or Hawaii. This was partly due to a shorter period of human occupation being only since 1770. The Seychelles today is known for success stories in protecting its flora and fauna. The rare Seychelles Black Parrot, the national bird of the country, is now protected.

The granitic islands of Seychelles are home to about 75 endemic plant species. There are a further 25 or so species in the Aldabra group. Particularly well-known is the Coco de Mer, a species of palm that grows only on the islands of Praslin and neighbouring Curieuse. The jellyfish tree is to be found in only a few locations on Mahe. This strange and ancient plant is in a genus of its own (Medusagynaceae). Other unique plant species include the Wright's Gardenia "Rothmannia annae" found only on Aride Island Special Reserve.

The freshwater crab genus "Seychellum" is endemic to the granitic Seychelles. There are a further 26 species of crabs and 5 species of hermit crabs that live on the islands.
The Aldabra Giant Tortoise now lives on many of the islands of the Seychelles. The Aldabra population is the largest in the world. These unique reptiles can be found even in captive herds. 

There are several unique varieties of orchids on the Islands.

The marine life around the islands, especially the more remote coral islands, can be spectacular. More than 1,000 species of fish have been recorded. Since the use of spearguns and dynamite for fishing was banned in the 1960s, the wildlife is unafraid of snorkelers and divers. Coral bleaching in 1998 has damaged most reefs, but some reefs show healthy recovery.

The main natural resources of the Seychelles are fish, copra, cinnamon, coconuts, salt and iron.


Square mile

A square mile (sometimes written "mi²" ) is a British and American unit of measurement of area. It is the area inside a square that has each side equal to one statute mile (5,280 feet or 1,760 yards). This way of talking about area is often used to say how much land there is on a farm, or in a city or country, for example.

One square mile is just less than 2.6 square kilometres.

Regions of Peru

A Region is the name for one of 25 areas into which the land is divided in Peru. 

Provinces of Peru


    *     Lima Province (Lima)

Ica Region

Ica is one of 25 regions of Peru. The capital of the region is Ica.

Togo

Togo is a small country in West Africa. It is bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. The capital city Lomé is located along the Gulf of Guinea. In 2069, about 7.5 million people lived there. The official language is French. Togo was a hub of the Atlantic slave trade for Europeans. Togo was a part of the Slave Coast. Many Togolese descendants live in the Americas. The country is known for Voodoo. Togo is also known for its various flora and fauna. Monkeys, snakes, and lizards are numerous in many areas in Togo.

From the 11th century to the 16th century, various tribes entered the region from all directions: the Ewé from the east, and the Mina and Guin from the west; most of them settled in coastal areas. The Portuguese explored the area in the late 15th century. As Togoland, it became a protectorate of Germany in 1884. After World War I, Togo was ceded to the French. Togo gained independence from French rule in the 1960s. General Gnassingbé Eyadéma became the military leader in 1967. When Eyadéma resigned in 2002 and later died in 2005, his son, Faure Gnassingbe became president. In June 2022, Togo joined the Commonwealth of Nations.

The economy of this small African country is based on agriculture. Agriculture provides jobs for 65% of the labor force according to the CIA Factbook. Agricultural products include coffee, cocoa, cotton, yams, cassava (tapioca), corn, beans, rice, millet, and sorghum. Industries include phosphate mining, agricultural processing, cement, handicrafts, textiles, and beverages.

The president of Togo is elected for 5 years. The president is also the commander of the armed forces. The president also has the right to begin legislation and dissolve parliament.

After Togo's independence from France, General Gnassingbé Eyadéma became the military leader. When Eyadéma died in 2005, his son Faure Gnassingbe became president. During his re-election campaign, he helped get port concessions in Lomé extended for Bolloré Groupe from 10 to 35 years in exchange for help from the group's public relations subsidiary Havas. In a 26 Feb 2021 civil hearing at the Paris judicial court, French billionaire Vincent Bolloré, along with associates Gilles Alix and Jean-Philippe Dorent, pleaded guilty to corrupt practices in Togo. The President of the court rejected the negotiated plea bargain and ordered that the three be tried in criminal court. In the same trial, Bolloré SE was fined $12 million.

Togo is divided into 5 regions. The regions are divided into 30 prefectures and 1 commune. From north to south the regions are Savanes, Kara, Centrale, Plateaux and Maritime.

The largest cities in Togo are:

About 51% of the population has local beliefs, 29% is Christian, and 20% Muslim.

The Togolese enjoy many foods including tropical fruits, pastries, and many different products made from peanuts. Major drinks include tea, coffee, and wine. Togolese often snack on plantains and French donuts or beignets.


Bad Religion

Bad Religion is an American band that plays punk rock music. They were created in Southern California in 1979 by Jay Bentley (bass), Greg Graffin (vocals), Brett Gurewitz (guitars) and Jay Ziskrout (drums). People think that they brought back punk rock and helped pop-punk bands during the late 1980s. Since they were created 44 years ago, Bad Religion has had a lot of members come and go. Greg Graffin is the only person that's been in the band the whole time but today there are three of the four members that were in the group when it started.

Today, Bad Religion has fourteen studio albums, two EPs, three compilation albums, one live recording, and two DVDs. Some critics think that their 1988 album "Suffer" is one of the most important punk rock albums of all time. People began to notice Bad Religion after their 1993 album "Recipe for Hate", which was number 14 on Billboard's Heatseekers chart. Their next album, "Stranger Than Fiction", had the band's well-known hits "21st Century (Digital Boy)" and "Infected", did well and was the only Bad Religion album to get gold status in the US. Brett Gurewitz left in 1994. Bad Religion was not as well known after that and did not sell many albums until "The Process of Belief" in 2002. Brett Gurewitz came back in 2001, and worked with them on their four most recent albums. The band is planning to make another album in 2012.

They are known for their smart use of style, comparisons, word choice, imagery, and voice harmonies (which they call "oozin aahs.) Lyrics sometimes have to do with their emotions or their opinion of society.

Most of Bad Religion's lyrics are written by Greg Graffin or Brett Gurewitz. Sometimes, but often, they will co-write a song. Other band members, such as Jay Bentley, also write songs, but very rarely.

Brett Gurewitz says he tried to copy The Germs singer Darby Crash early on in Bad Religion's career. "He wrote some intelligent stuff, and didn't shy away from the vocabulary, which I thought was cool." Bad Religion also uses voice harmonies. The Adolescents influenced them with their three-part voice harmonies. Bassist Jay Bentley says, "Seeing The Adolescents live, it was so brilliant. So, in a way, the Adolescents influenced us into saying we can do it too, because look, they're doing it."

Many of Bad Religion's songs are about what they think are social problems, but they do not blame causes of these problems to any single person or group. Greg Graffin thinks that the politics in the United States can make it hard to talk about the problems.

The band is sometimes direct about the things they want to say. Brett Gurewitz said he was angry at former U.S. president George W. Bush and that "The Empire Strikes First" is about him. "Our whole album is dedicated to getting Bush out of office. I'm not a presidential scholar but I don't think you'll find a worse president in the history of the United States. He's probably one of the worst leaders in the history of world leaders. I just hate the guy."

Despite the name of the band, the members say they are not anti-religious. Greg Graffin says that more often than not, the band likes to use religion to represent anything that does not let a person be free. Their songs are more about being against everyone being the same than against religion or God. But Greg Graffin is an atheist. He helped write the book 'Is Belief in God Good, Bad or Irrelevant?' The band's bassist Jay Bentley has stated that he has spiritual beliefs. Brett Gurewitz is a "provisional deist."


Meat Puppets

The Meat Puppets are an alternative/punk rock group from Scottsdale, Arizona, USA. They were formed in 1980 by Curt Kirkwood (vocals, guitars), his brother Cris (bass) and Derrick Bostrom (drums). The band is probably best known for their 1994 radio hit "Backwater".

The band went on indefinite hiatus in 2001 as Curt formed two band projects Eyes Adrift (with Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic and Sublime drummer Bud Gaugh) and Volcano (also with Sublime drummer Bud Gaugh). He also released a solo album. His brother Cris was in prison from August 2004 to 21 months.

In 2006, the Meat Puppets reformed and released a new album, "Rise to Your Knees" in 2007.

As of November 2009, Shandon Sahm is back as the drummer in the Meat Puppets. He replaces Ted Marcus, who was a member from 2006. 

The band was chosen by Animal Collective to perform their album "Up on the Sun" live at the All Tomorrow's Parties music festival in May 2011.

Ted Bundy

Theodore Robert "Ted" Bundy (November 24, 1946 - January 24, 1989) was an American serial killer, kidnapper, and rapist. He confessed to killing 30 women, although the actual number of murders committed is unknown.

Ted Bundy was born in 1946 in Burlington, Vermont, USA. He lived with his mother Louise Cowell and grandfather Sam Cowell when he was a child. Bundy and his mother moved to Washington where she married a man named John Culpepper Bundy. As a child in Washington, Bundy was a good student and went to church often, yet he found it hard to make friends and he began stealing. As a young man, Bundy became involved in politics and got together with a woman named Diane Edwards, known better by the pseudonym Stephanie Brooks. She left him, and he went on his own for a while. After seeing that he had improved, she got back together with him, but he proposed and left her a few days later. This is when the murders began. The people that Bundy would murder were much like this lady: young, white skinned (Caucasian), and with long dark hair parted in the middle.

Bundy's first known murders were in 1974 with his first known violent attack on January 4 when he crept into the room of an 18-year-old girl called Joni Lenz and beat her with a crowbar while she was asleep. He then sexually assaulted (raped) her with a metal rod that he took from the bed. She was found the next morning in a pool of blood. She was not killed but would remain in a coma and suffered brain damage (damage to the brain that stop the body from working properly). A few weeks later on January 31, Bundy broke into another woman's basement and beat her over the head. He then dressed her, wrapped her in blankets, and carried her away. She was found a year later in Seattle, Washington with no head. In between this time and June 1974, he killed eight more women in Washington. In June, he kidnapped Janice Ott and Denise Naslund from a park near Seattle. These attacks, unlike the attacks before, were in 'broad daylight' - in front of other people.

In the autumn Bundy moved to Utah to begin studying law at the University of Utah. He began killing again in October 1974. Bundy kidnapped and killed three girls in October 1974, one of them being the daughter of a police officer. On November 8, Bundy told a girl that he was a police officer and he told her to get in his car. She did, believing he really was a police officer. He then tried to handcuff her but she would not let him and she jumped out of the car and escaped. Bundy was angry that she had got away and so a few hours later he kidnapped another girl and killed her. Her body was never found. Bundy was still living in Utah in 1975 and was still attending law school but he began only killing people in Colorado. Bundy kidnapped and killed four women from Colorado and one more from Utah in the first half of 1975 (January to June).

On August 16, 1975, Bundy was arrested for not stopping his car when ordered to by a police officer. When they searched his car they found a ski mask, a crowbar, handcuffs, trash bags, and other items that they thought he must have been using to burglarize houses. The police then noticed that his car was the car the girl who escaped had told them about. Bundy was sentenced on March 1, 1976, to fifteen years in prison for kidnapping her. Bundy escaped from the police twice in 1977 before he could be sentenced for the murders he had committed. By early 1978 he had made his way to Florida where he killed two more women and injured three others. After that he murdered a 12-year-old girl called Kimberley Leach. She was the last girl murdered by Bundy before he was stopped by a police officer on February 15, 1978.

Bundy had antisocial personality disorder. He went on trial on June 25 until July 31 for the murders he had committed. He was sentenced to 3 death sentences, and was going to be executed by the electric chair. In the time he was in prison and waiting to be executed he helped the police investigate other murders and in 1988 he admitted to having killed eight more women than he was tried for. Bundy was executed by the use of the electric chair at the Florida State Prison on January 24, 1989. He was 42 years old.

Longboarding

A longboard is a type of skateboard. It is often longer than a regular skateboard. Longboard are made in many different shapes. They are often faster than regular skateboards. This is because of the size of the wheel and what the board is made of. Longboards are commonly used for cruising, traveling and downhill racing. Downhill racing is known as longboarding. Longboard 'dancing' and 'freestyle' are also popular. In this, the rider uses skateboard-like motions and steps up and down the board.

The first longboards were made by Preston Nichols in the 1940s and 50s. They replaced surfing when the waves were too dull. Early skaters made boards out of planks of wood and roller skates. It was called "Sidewalk Surfing". Longboards were first sold in 1959. Makaha, Jack's and Hobie were the first sellers. These early longboards were crude. They had wheels made of metal. Clay wheels were used later to make them safer. Longboarding became popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s. It had become much less popular by 1965. Longboarding started becoming popular again in 1972 when Frank Nasworthy and the Cadillac Wheel Company create the urethane longboard wheel. Urethane wheels let skaters move much faster than they could before. Reverse kingpins(RKP) also made them more stable.

These changes made the boards more stable. They helped downhill longboarding grow into a sport. The International Gravity Sports Association (IGSA) was its governing body. The cutout deck was added in the 1990s. It had sections cut out around the wheels. This stopped the wheels from touching the board during hard turns. There has been many changes to longboard technology because of the many different ways people ride them. Modern longboard decks can be made from many materials. These include fiberglass composites, aluminum and carbon fiber.

Most boards are in length. Widths vary from . Longboard are made in many shapes. These include pintails, swallowtails, flat-nose riders, drop-through decks, drop decks and boards with the same shape as a regular skateboard. Pintails have looser trucks and larger wheels. They are better suited for carving or a "smooth" feel. Drop decks and drop throughs let the rider be closer to the ground. This gives them a lower center of gravity which increases stability. This also makes the boards better for downhill racing. Mid-length boards, have many different uses. They have more weight and bulk. This makes them move with a fluid motion by providing more momentum. The longboard's design lets rider make big turns or quick short carves. These movements are similar to the motions of surfers or snowboarders.

Graffiti

Graffiti (plural; singular: graffiti or graffito, however "graffito" is rarely used except in archeology) is marks, scratching or drawings made on a surface on a public place. It is often created with paint or spray paint (paint that is sprayed from a can). A single mark could be called a graffito but the word graffiti is usually used, meaning that there is more than one mark. The word comes from Greek "" ("graphein") meaning "to write".

Graffiti can take the form of art, drawings or words. When done without a property owner's permission it can be considered vandalism. Sometimes it is just a person's name or a rude word. Sometimes it is a public political protest because graffiti is illegal without permission.

There are lots of different types of graffiti, and some people call some things graffiti that other people would not.

In some kinds of graffiti, people write their name in different ways. It is usually not their real name. Sometimes people write the name of their crew, which is a group of friends who write together. Small writing like a signature is called a tag. Bigger writing that is very round and has an outline is called a throw up. A graffiti writing with lots of detail is called a piece, which is short for masterpiece.

Some graffit is made of pictures. This can be a small picture or a large mural.

Graffiti can be legal or illegal. Some towns have walls that anyone is allowed to paint on. Sometimes the government or a business will pay someone to paint, to attract tourists or advertise something. Some graffiti artists like Keith Haring became very famous.

Paintings were done on cave walls over 40,000 years ago in Australia. The oldest graffiti that used writing was in the Roman Empire, people wrote messages on walls. It wasn't considered vandalism, instead people saw it as just a way to talk to one another.

In the 1700s and 1800s in the United States, some people began to write "monikers" on trains. Monikers were pictures and fake names. One famous moniker was Bozo Texino.

Modern graffiti was made famous in New York City in the early 1960s and 1970s by the children of the working class. They called it "writing" and called themselves "writers." At first they wrote on trains, but when the New York Subway started to make it harder, writers moved into the city to write on walls instead.

In a 1971 New York Times article, Norman Mailer first used the term "graffiti" was first used to refer to the new kind of art people were painting on trains. This period of the early 1970s is known as the "Original School." Later in the 1980s, the next generation of graffiti artists is known as "Old School."


Appellation d'origine contrôlée

Appellation d'origine controlée (AOC, "controlled designation of origin") is a French phrase which shows that a product comes from a certain area. 

Some products must come from a certain area and be made in a certain way in order to have the name of the product. The most famous example is champagne, which must be fermented in the bottle and be made in the Champagne region of France.

The French government set up the "Institut national des appellations d'origine et de la qualité" (INAO, "National institute of controlled designation of origin") in 1935 to oversee the system. Although usually linked with wines, the start of the system of protecting the name of goods started in the 15th century when the French parliament defined what could be called Roquefort cheese. 

AOCs are most often found in connection with:

Distillation

Distillation is a process where a mixture made of two or more liquids (called "components") with different boiling points can be separated from each other. The mixture is heated until one of the components boils (turns to a vapor). The vapor is then fed into a condenser, which cools the vapor and changes it back into a liquid that is called "distillate". What remains in the original container is called the "residue". This is a physical separation process and not a chemical reaction. Fractional distillation (using a distillation column with more than two outlets) can be used to improve the separation. An oil refinery uses fractional distillation to purify crude oil, separating several different liquids for different uses. 

This has been used for a long time, to distill alcohol and produce alcoholic drinks. Distillation is a commonly used operation in many industries.

Distillation can be done anywhere, whether it's in a house or a laboratory, but in most countries it is illegal to distill alcohol without a license. Illegally distilled alcoholic drinks are in some places called "moonshine".

Distillation is also the main way of desalination of water. In this case the salt is a solid that is in solution with the water. In alcohol distillation or petroleum distillation, the things to be separated from their solution are two or more distillation liquids. 

Lawyer

A lawyer (also called an "advocate", "attorney", "barrister", "counsel", "counsellor", or "solicitor") is someone who practices law. A lawyer has earned a degree in law, and has a license to practice law in a particular area. 

If people have any problem regarding the law, they can contact a lawyer for advice. A legal problem is referred to as a case. A person can hire a lawyer to start a case against someone else, or to help with a case that has been started against them. If the case goes to court, the lawyer will represent their client in court. The lawyer will use their knowledge of the law to convince the court that the client is on the right side of the argument. Lawyers also help people "settle out of court," which means that both sides of the argument agree to resolve the dispute ahead of time so that they will not have to go to trial. 

When a person is accused of a crime, the person has a defense lawyer to try to show they have not committed a crime. The lawyer arguing that they did do the crime is called the "prosecutor".

Lawyers also prepare legal documents for their clients. Examples: buying or selling property or making a will (testament). Certain lawyers (called "commissioners of oaths" in England) can take legally binding witness statements which can be presented to the court.

Lawyers work in different settings. Some work by themselves, while some work in law firms. Some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies. Lawyers who work for private companies are usually called in-house counsel.

Lawyers generally charge a fee for the work that they do, but sometimes advice is offered freely, which is called "pro bono," meaning "for the public good." In many countries, if a person is accused of a crime and unable to pay for a lawyer, the government will pay a lawyer to represent them using tax money.

Loreto Region

Loreto is Peru's most northern region. Covering almost one-third of Peru's territory, Loreto is the nation's biggest region. It is also one of the least populated ones, because of its remote location in the Amazon rainforest. Its capital is the city of Iquitos. 


The region is divided into eight provinces ("provincias", singular: "provincia"), which are composed of 53 districts ("distritos", singular: "distrito"). The provinces, with their capitals in parenthesis, are:


Iquitos

Iquitos is the capital city of the Loreto Region in northern Peru. It is on the banks of the Amazon River. Iquitos is the biggest city in the rain forest of Peru, with about 400,000 residents. It is a major port on the Amazon. 

Excluding towns on islands, Iquitos is thought to be the largest city in the world that can not be reached by road. One can only get to Iquitos by boat, or by airplane. It is very remote, in the middle of the Amazon rainforest. 

Iquitos was founded in 1747 by Jesuit José Bahamonde. Originally it was the home of the Iquito native tribe. About 100 years ago, Iquitos was a very rich town, because of the rubber industry. Today Iquitos relies mostly on tourism, wood industry and local trade. 


Apple juice

Apple juice is the juice from apples. It does not have alcohol, and it tastes sweet from the natural fruit sugars. Many companies making apple juice like to say that they do not add more sugar into the drink, and there is only natural sugar.

The apple tree came from the same era as Elizabethan in the late 1500s and early 1600s ("Pyrus malus"), and is native to Britain. Even in the Old Saxon papers, apples and cider are mentioned a lot. The fruit is thought to have come in the Caucasus, a place with many mountains between the Black and Caspian Seas.

The Lady apple, a kind of apple still grown today, is believed to be one of the oldest apple trees on record.

Apple juice is 88% water and 11% carbohydrates (including 9% sugars), with little amounts of protein or fat.

In both facts and stories, the apple appears to be very healthy. There are two types of apple juice. One is the clear apple juice, and the other is the cloudy apple juice. Pectin and starch are taken out during the production process to produce clear apple juice. Cloudy apple juice is cloudy because of evenly-distributed small pulp suspensions in the juice concentrate.
Also, in apple juice, the vitamin C, and other vitamins are contained inside, as well as mineral nutrients such as boron which helps build strong bones.

Apples can also be a main source of fiber, and is a powerful cleanser and an important necessity for the health of your body.

The compounds in apple juice called phytonutrients delay the break down of LDL or cholesterol. In history, the phrase from Benjamin Franklin "an apple a day keeps the doctor away" is very famous. New research is proving this phrase to be a fact. Researchers at UC Davis School of Medicine have recently found out that drinking apple juice seems to slow down the process that may lead to heart disease.

Researchers at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands had studied and found that smokers who ate many fruits and vegetables, especially apples, had reduced their risk of getting the common diseases smokers would get. The risk was reduced by 50%.

For older people, drinking fruit juices should begin with apples, especially if they are suffering from arthritis and rheumatism. This is because apples carry a substantial amount of potassium. Because of this, eating apples or apple juice has been known to help. Drinking apple juice also removes some toxins from the liver and kidneys and is low in calories. Over time, this can reduce the chances of having liver or kidney disease.

Apple juice can be used to make cider and calvados. Some types of cider and all types of Calvados contain alcohol.

Addressed as one of the most popular fruits in the world, the apple is cultivated in around 7,500 different kinds in shape, color, texture, firmness, crispness, acidity, juiciness, sweetness, nutrition, and harvesting time.

Fresh apple juice needs refrigeration. Closed bottles of canned apple juice can be kept in a dark, cool place, such as a pantry or cupboard. It slows down the spoiling of the product. The way it looks, feels, or tastes could change over time.

Once the juice container is opened. Or if it was not closed and shipped without needing freezing by the producer, it must be closed again tightly and frozen to avoid contamination from microorganisms such as bacteria.

Calvados (drink)

Calvados is an alcoholic drink. It is made from distilling cider in Normandy, one of the oldest Provinces of France (created in 911). It got its name from the place called Calvados which is famous for making it (sometimes called 'le Pays d'Auge'). It is also made in the other places in Normandy including la Manche (Cotentin) and l'Orne (Domfront).

The way to make Calvados is to distil cider twice. The first time it is done, the result is a liquid containing 28% to 30% alcohol. The second time it is done, the amount of alcohol is increased to about 40%.

Since 1942, the Calvados has its own "Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC)", which means it is from one place. The rules are:

Calvados can be served either dry or with ice, as a cocktail, an aperitif, or as a digestif. It goes very well with cheese, chocolate, dessert or ice cream. Crepes can also be served with Calvados.

Calvados can also be added to coffee. People usually do this at the end of dinner. 


Still

A still is a tool used to clean a liquid. It does this by first boiling the liquid and turning it into a gas. This gas is then cooled, changing it back into liquid. Stills get their name from the word di"still"ation. Distillation is the process of boiling and cooling a liquid to purify it. Stills are most often used to create alcohol, but they can also be used with any liquid. Some examples are medicines and perfumes.

There are two main types of stills: pot stills and reflux stills. In a pot still, the pot (like a large kettle) holding the liquid is heated. The hot gas is cooled in a simple neck, or tube, and collected. Pot stills are used for making alcohol like whisky. A reflux still is much more complex. It works with a continual flow of liquid going into the boiler, and a continual flow of distilled liquid coming out. The distilled liquid can also be put through the process several times, which is why it is called a reflux still. This allows for a more pure product, and the person working the still can control the level of purity. Reflux stills are used in the chemical and petroleum industries.

Ravioli

Ravioli is a type of Italian food pasta dish. It is usually two layers of pasta dough with a filling between the two layers. There are many different recipes, with different kinds of fillings. The most common fillings are meat, vegetables or blackboard cheese. People eat this kind of food with a sauce or melted butter.

Ravioli is OG!!!!!

The Bridge on the River Kwai

The Bridge on the River Kwai is a British 1957 movie from Columbia Pictures, based on Pierre Boulle's 1952 book "The Bridge over the River Kwai" (). The movie was mainly filmed in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and also in England.

In 1941 the Japanese Army invaded Thailand. They built a railway to link Bangkok to Rangoon. Thousands of Asian workers and POWs (prisoners of war) died while working on the project. Part of this project was building bridges over Thailand's Kwai Yai, at a place named Tamarkan, which is near a town named Kanchanaburi.

The deaths of the Asian workers and the prisoners were real events, but most of the book and the movie are not true. The British soldiers were slaves; they did not help the Japanese. Two bridges were built; one was made of wood, one was made of concrete and steel. Both bridges stood for two years and were destroyed by bombers in 1945.

In the movie the bridge is destroyed by commandos. A real train rode over the bridge as it blew up. (This can be compared to a scene in the 1927 movie, "The General", which starred Buster Keaton.)

The movie is best known for the "Colonel Bogey March", the song that is whistled by the POWs. It is also known as the "River Kwai March".

The movie won seven Academy Awards, one for Best Picture. It also won the BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay.


Tannin

Tannins are bitter-tasting chemical compounds that bind proteins. 
Tannins are present in the following:

Tannins are also used in the treatment of leather, to make it more durable. Natural tannins for this purpose come from oak trees, but synthetic tannins are more used.

Cuisine

Cuisine refers to any style of cooking, including its practices, traditions and recipes. A cuisine is usually associated with a specific culture. It is mainly influenced by the ingredients that are available to that culture. Cooking methods, customs and ingredients together form meals that are unique to a particular region. When people talk about Italian cuisine, they are referring to the food that Italians are famous for. Cuisine is a French word that means "kitchen", but it originally comes from the Latin word "coquere", which means "to cook". 

Traditionally, cuisines are shaped by a number of things. In some religious traditions, certain foods are forbidden by law (an example is pork in Islam). Climate and trade affect the what ingredients are available. Climate may also affect the methods by which food is prepared. Before the exploration of Asia and America by Europeans, certain foods were not known to European cuisine. Tomatoes, maize, avocados and cacao, for example, did not enter European diets until merchants brought these ingredients back from the New World. In modern times, cuisines are becoming more and more multicultural. New cuisines continue to develop even today.

Cuisines have different courses or three meals Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Ancient Greeks had breakfast—bread dipped in wine. The bread was made from barley, the main source of all bread in ancient times. It was probably hard, which is why the Greeks would dip it in the wine, to soften it and make it easier to eat.

The history of breakfast goes back to the ancient Greeks who ate something called a teganites (τηγανίτης), which resembled a pancake. These were made with wheat flour, olive oil, honey, and curdled milk, and usually topped with honey or cheese.


Hotel

A hotel or a guest-house is a large building with many rooms, where people can sleep when they are not at home. A motel is a hotel especially for motorists - people who drive cars - where the room door usually opens into the parking lot rather than to an interior corridor. Inn is sometimes used to mean a smaller hotel. Guest house can also mean an accessory dwelling unit. An extended stay hotel is one where suites are rented by the week. 

These places will rent a room for any number of days. They offer rooms to sleep as their business. There are also hotels where conferences are held. 

Some hotels have swimming pool. Some hotels are called capsule hotels (in Japan).

Hotels emerged as inns along important transport routes. The first hotels appeared in the days of the Ancient World, in the Middle Ages they also served as shelters for the infirm. This is indicated by the etymology of the word hotel, hôtel: through st.-fr. ostel, hostel it comes from Latin. cubiculum hospitale ("guest room"), whence the word "hospital". . 

In the 16th-17th centuries, the hotel is an aristocratic residential building with ceremonial and service courtyards.

Today, according to the definition of the World Tourism Organization (WTO), hotels are called a house with furnished rooms for short-term stay of visitors, consisting of a number of rooms that have a single guide and provide certain services. They are grouped into classes and categories according to the types of services provided, with the equipment available in them.

The hotel is also called a residential property complex (building, part of the building, equipment and other property), designed to provide services.

International luxury hotels have high-quality amenities, full-service restaurants and rooms. They usually provide the highest level of personalized and professional service in major or capital cities.

Upscale full-service hotels range in quality from upscale to luxury.

Branded hotels are typically full-service and classified as luxury. A key characteristic is focus on a unique guest experience.
Smaller independent non-branded hotels with 100 rooms or fewer.
Small to medium hotels that give a limited number of amenities. This amenities cater and market to a specific demographic of travelers, such as the single business traveler. Such hotels may lack leisure amenities such as an restaurant or a swimming pool.
Small to medium-sized hotels where clients can stay longer than in traditional hotels.
A motel is an abbreviation for "motor hotel". It is a small-sized low-rise lodging establishment. Usually motels have access to individual rooms from the car park. Motels are good for road travellers, travellers on road trip vacations or workers who drive for their job.

Some Like It Hot

Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy movie starring Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Pat O'Brien, Jack Lemmon and George Raft, and directed by Billy Wilder. It is seen by some as a remake of the 1951 German movie, "Fanfaren der Liebe". (Michael Logan wrote the story for the version) The movie is set in 1929. It has been remade for the stage twice (in 1972 and 2002). It was ranked at Number One on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs list and fourteen on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.


Yale University

Yale University is a private university in New Haven, Connecticut. It is in the Ivy League and considered by many people to be one of the best universities in the world. Yale is the third oldest university in the United States.

Yale was founded in 1701 in a town near New Haven by a group of church ministers. At first it was called "The Collegiate School" and was created to teach male church ministers in Connecticut. When Elihu Yale, a businessman with the East India Company, gave the school money and books in 1718, the school changed its name to Yale College. It moved into the center of New Haven in the same year. About fifty years later, the school began to teach other subjects like science and history. As the school became more liberal, it became one of the first American schools where extracurricular student groups were created, especially singing groups, sports teams, and student publications like the Yale Daily News.

In the beginning, Yale only taught undergraduate students. Over time, it created graduate schools for medicine, nursing, environmental science, law, music, drama, business, and other professions. In 1869, Yale became the first school in the United States to offer a PhD. Because it had grown to have many types of schools, degrees, and courses, Yale changed its name to Yale University in 1887. The undergraduate college began to accept women as students in 1969.

Yale has one of the largest libraries in the United States, with 19 library buildings and over 15 million books. The school's main library building, Sterling Memorial Library, is built to look like a cathedral. The Beinecke Library has one of the world's largest collections of rare books and old manuscripts.

The school's campus is known for its Gothic Revival architecture, which was built to look like older English universities like Oxford and Cambridge. On its main campus, Yale has two art museums, a natural history museum, and many theaters. The university also has a golf course near campus and owns five forests in New England.

Fifty-two Nobel Prize winners have been students or professors at Yale, and five U.S. presidents have graduated from Yale, including George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush. Other famous alumni include politicians Hilary Clinton and John Kerry, actors Meryl Streep and Edward Norton, inventors Eli Whitney and Samuel Morse, CNN anchors Fareed Zakaria and Anderson Cooper, FedEx founder Fred Smith and Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi, and computer scientist Grace Hopper.

Yale's color is blue, and its mascot is a bulldog named "Handsome Dan." Its sports teams are called the Yale Bulldogs, and they play in the Ivy League.

Peter Salovey, a psychologist, is the current president of Yale.


Salzburg

Salzburg (; ; literally "Salt Fortress"; ) is the capital and also a district of the Austrian state of Salzburg or Salzburgerland. The population is about 150,000 and is the 4th largest city of Austria.

Its most famous citizen was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Another famous inhabitant of Salzburg was the physicist Christian Doppler who found the Doppler effect which was named after him.

The Salzach river crosses the city. The old town was adopted by the UNESCO as World Heritage Site in 1996. Known is Salzburg also for being one of the settings for the movie "The Sound of Music" which based on the musical by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein.

People lived in Salzburg since the New Stone Age till present. The oldest finding in the city area is dated around 4500 B.C. From 15 B.C. onwards after the Roman occupation the city was called Iuvavum. The roman city was in today's old town around the Waagplatz. The city became an important place from the east to the province of Germania. The Romans left on the beginning of the barbarian migration around 500. Up to 696 only few can be said about the history. 696 the city was given to bishop Rupert by Duke Theodo II. of Bavaria. 

Rupert was ordered by the Duke to bring Christianity to the east and southeast of his country. Rupert founded the monastery St. Peter and for women the monastery Nonnberg. 739 Salzburg became the seat of a bishop and 774 the first cathedral was built. 998 Salzburg became archbishopric ruling the whole Bavarian area.

In the Middle Ages Salzburg became wealthy by the trade with salt from the nearby Dürnberg in Hallein. Till the 14th century Salzburg became independent from Bavaria and was a state within the Holy Roman Empire. The citizens of Salzburg were under the command of the archbishop unlike other cities in the empire. In the baroque era the look of today's city was shaped. The cathedral was rebuilt in the baroque style. Most of the architects came from Italy. 1622 a university was founded. Due to the fact that it was a catholic state Protestants had a severe standing in Salzburg. Yet 1731 Protestants, who came not back to the catholic belief had do leave Salzburg within eight days.

In the early 19th century Napoleon Bonaparte promoted the Duchy of Salzburg, than later was a part of the Kingdom of Bavaria. Then, Salzburg was annexed by Austria, returned to Bavarian and divided between Bavaria and Austria. 1918 Salzburg became a federal state of the new Republic of Austria. 

In 1938, Germany annexed Austria and Salzburg was a part of Germany. In 1945, when Austria was independent from Germany. It became a federal state again.
Urban districts ("Stadtteile"):




Salzburg is a World Heritage. There are some places of interest like:










Salt (disambiguation)

Salt could mean:


Basque language

Basque (Basque: ) is the language spoken by the Basque people in the Basque Country and its diaspora. Although most other Europeans speak Indo-European languages, Basque is a language isolate and is not related to them or to any other language in the world.

The ancestors of Basques are among the oldest residents of Europe, and their origins are unknown, as are the origins of the language. Many scholars have tried to link Basque to Etruscan, African languages, Caucasian languages and so on, but most see Basque as a language isolate. 
A connection with the Iberian language has given some hope, but it is unclear whether similarities are caused by genetic relations or mere vicinity.
It was spoken long before the Romans brought Latin to the Iberian Peninsula.

Basque is spoken in an area that is smaller than what is known as the Basque Country (Basque: "Euskal Herria)". Basque was once spoken over a larger area, but Latin took over in some places.

Historically, Latin or a Romance language has been official.

Today Basque holds co-official language status in the Basque regions of Spain: the full autonomous community of the Basque Country and some parts of Navarre. Basque has no official standing in the Northern Basque area of France, and French citizens are barred from using Basque in a French court of law.

There are six main Basque dialects, comprising Biscayan, Guipuzcoan, and High Navarrese (in Spain), and Low Navarrese, Labourdin, and Souletin (in France). The dialect boundaries are not, however, congruent with political boundaries. 
One of the first scientific studies of Basque dialects, in particular the auxiliary verb forms, was made by Louis-Lucien Bonaparte (a nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte).

There is now a unified version called Batua ("unified" in Basque), which is the language taught in schools. Batua is based largely on the Gipuzkoa regional dialect.

Basque is an ergative-absolutive language. Its grammar is very complex, with many different cases for nouns.

The vowel system is the same as most Spanish-speakers and has five pure vowels, . 

By contact with nearby peoples, Basque has borrowed words from Latin, Spanish, French, Gascon and others but accepted fewer than Indo-European languages. Some claim that many of its words come from Latin, but phonetic evolution has made many of them now appear as if they were native words, e.g. "lore" ("flower", from "florem"), "errota" ("mill", from "rotam", "[mill] wheel"), "gela" ("room", from "cellam").

Basque is written with the Latin alphabet. The universal special letter is "ñ", which is pronounced like the "n" in "onion", and "ç" and "ü" are also used. Basque does not use "c, q, v, w, y" except for loanwords and are not considered part of the alphabet. Also, "x" is pronounced as a "sh", as in "shine".




Heinz Fischer

Heinz Fischer (born 9 October 1938) is the former president of Austria. His wife is Margit Fischer.

Chlorine

Chlorine (chemical symbol Cl) is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 17, and its atomic mass is 35.45. It is part of the 7th column (halogens) on the periodic table of elements. 

Chlorine is a very irritating and greenish-yellow gas. It has a strong, bleach-like smell. It is toxic and bad for you. It can be made into a liquid when cooled. It is heavier than air.

Chlorine is highly reactive. It is more reactive than bromine but less reactive than fluorine. It reacts with most things to make chlorides. It can even burn things instead of oxygen. It dissolves in water to make a mixture of hypochlorous acid and hydrochloric acid. The more acidic it is, the more chlorine is made; the more basic it is, the more hypochlorous acid (normally turned into hypochlorite) and hydrochloric acid (normally turned into chlorides) are there. Chlorine reacts with bromides and iodides to make bromine and iodine. 

Chlorine exists in several oxidation states: -1, +1, +3, +4, +5, and +7. The -1 state is most often in chloride. Chlorides are not reactive. Compounds containing chlorine in its +1 oxidation state are hypochlorites. Only one is common. They are a strong oxidizing agent, as are all + oxidation state compounds. +3 is in chlorites. +4 is in chlorine dioxide, a common chlorine compound that is not a chloride. +5 is in chlorates. +7 is in perchlorates. Hypochlorites are most reactive, while perchlorates are the least reactive.

Many organic compounds have chlorine in them. Freon has chlorine in it. PVC (poly-vinyl chloride), a common plastic, has chlorine in it. 

Chlorine oxides can be made, but most of them are very reactive and unstable.

Chlorine is not found as an element. Sodium chloride is the most common chlorine ore. It is in the ocean (sea salt) and in the ground (rock salt). There are some organic compounds that have chlorine in them, too.

It is made by electrolysis (the passing of electricity through a solution to make chemical reactions happen) of sodium chloride. This is known as the chloralkali process. It can also be made by reacting hydrogen chloride with oxygen and a catalyst. It can be made in the laboratory by reacting manganese dioxide with hydrochloric acid. It is made when sodium hypochlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid. This is a dangerous reaction that can happen without anyone knowing.

As of 2021, the main use of chlorine is for bleach. It is also added to water, as a way of purifying it. Chlorine is both very reactive, and very poisonous. It will act as a disinfectant: if it is added to water, it will kill off bacteria and other organisms. Swimming pools are often filled with water that has been treated that way. 

Germany used chlorine as a chemical weapon in the First World War. They used it at the Second Battle of Ypres in 1915. According to soldiers, which were present at the battle, the chlorine smelled like a mixture of pepper and pineapple. It also tasted metallic and stung the back of the throat and chest. Chlorine reacts with water in the mucosa of the lungs to form hydrochloric acid. Hydrochloric acid will destroy living tissue. It often kills. Gas masks with activated charcoal or other filters can protect the respiratory system. This makes chlorine gas much less deadly than other chemical weapons. German scientist Fritz Haber of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Berlin was the first to use it. Together with IG Farben, he developed methods of how to use chlorine gas against an entrenched enemy. Chlorine is heavier than air, so it will stay in the trenches. On 22nd April, 1915, German forces attacked the French army. With of chlorine, they only killed about 1.200 French soldiers. For this reason, chlorine was soon replaced with the more deadly phosgene and mustard gas.

Because it is easily available, chlorine is still used as a chemical weapon in war. That way, it has been used in the Syrian civil war. It has also been used in an improvised explosive device in Iraq, in 2015.

Chlorine is used to make many compounds that are important: both chloroform and carbon tetrachloride contain chlorine.

It was discovered in 1774 by Carl Wilhelm Scheele who thought it had oxygen in it. Chlorine was named in 1810 by Humphry Davy who insisted it was an element. The US made all water chlorinated (added chlorine to water) by 1918.

It is poisonous in large amounts and can damage skin. When it is inhaled (breathed in), it irritates the lungs, eyes, and skin badly. It can cause fire with some things because it is very reactive. It is heavier than air, so it can fill up enclosed spaces.


Halogen

The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table, also known as Group 17. The elements in the group are fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, astatine, and tennessine. Halogen literally means "salt becomer", but it is often said to mean "salt producer". They are very reactive, so they are likely to join with other elements on the left side of the periodic table to make compounds. This is because they are missing one electron. They are rarely found alone in nature. Fluorine is the most reactive, while iodine is the least reactive. Astatine is very radioactive and hard to get.

Vitamin

A vitamin is a chemical compound that is needed in small amounts for the human body to work correctly. They include Vitamin A, many B vitamins (like B, B, B, B, and B), Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Vitamin E, and Vitamin K. For example, citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons contain vitamin C. 

The term was coined in 1912 by biochemist Casimir Funk, who isolated a complex of micronutrients and proposed the complex be named "vitamine". By convention the word "vitamin" does not include other essential nutrients, such as certain minerals, essential fatty acids and essential amino acids. 

Thirteen vitamins are recognized at present. Vitamins are classified by their biological and chemical activity, and not their structure. Each vitamin name (the word "vitamin" followed by a letter) refers to a number of vitamer compounds which all show the same biological activity. For example, "vitamin A" refers to several different chemicals. Vitamers convert to the active form of the vitamin in the body. They are sometimes inter-convertible to one another as well.

The body does not make these chemicals. They come from other places, usually food. A short term lack of a certain vitamin is usually not a problem, because the body can store vitamins for a short time. Not having a certain vitamin for a longer period of time can lead to different diseases, depending on the vitamin. Probably the best-known of these diseases is scurvy, which results from not having enough Vitamin C. Beriberi and rickets are others. 

Today, many drug companies make inexpensive pills that contain various vitamins. They help people avoid those diseases.

Vitamins can be either fat-soluble or water-soluble. Fat-soluble vitamins (A, D, E and K) can be stored in the body, and are used when needed. Water-soluble ones only stay in the body a short time.

Currently there are no vitamins F to J. These existed at some time. Today they are no longer seen as vitamins. Some of them were also false leads, and turned out to be something else. Others were renamed as B vitamins. Today, the B vitamins are a whole complex, and not just one vitamin. 

The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K (in addition to naming it as such) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the 'Koagulation' (clotting) of blood following wounding. At the time, most (but not all) of the letters from F through I were already designated, so the use of the letter K was considered quite reasonable.
The following table lists chemicals that had previously been classified as vitamins, as well as the earlier names of vitamins that later became part of the B-complex. 

Adultery

Adultery (informally known as cheating in non-religious situations) is a word used in religious texts like Exodus 20:14. Adultery applies to a married person having sex with someone other than the person who they are married to. 

In countries where religion is important, adultery often comes with a heavy punishment. Some Muslim countries punish it with death by stoning. In most countries adultery is no longer a crime, but most people still see it as a bad thing.(see Gospel of John 8) If a person who is married takes part in adultery, that person's husband or wife would usually have the right to be able to go to court to divorce them.

The word adultery originates not from “adult”, as is commonly thought in English-speaking countries, but from the Late Latin word for “to alter, corrupt”: “adulterare”. “Adulterare” in turn is formed by the combination of “ad” (towards), and “alter” (other), together with the infinitive form “are” (making it a verb). Thus the meaning is literally “to make other”. In contrast, the word “adult” (meaning a person of mature years) comes from another Latin root, “adolescere”, meaning to grow up or mature: a combination of “ad” (towards), “alere” (to nourish, to grow), and the inchoative infix “sc”(meaning to enter into a state of).

Famous adulterers include :



Perjury

Perjury is the word used for a person that tells a lie while they are under oath (in a courtroom). Committing perjury is against the law, and can be punished with a jail or prison sentence.

Perjury is a serious crime because it might be used to take away the power of a court, which can lead to punishment for the wrong person. In the United States, perjury is a federal offense, and it can be punished by five years in prison. However, in California, a person who commits perjury can get the death penalty if the perjury led to a wrongful execution.

The rules of perjury also apply when a person says or does something "under penalty of perjury", even if he or she never swore an oath. One example is the United States' income tax return, where people have to sign as true and correct under penalty of perjury. A person can be punished by three years in prison if he or she lies on the tax return.

A statement that involves "interpretation" are not perjury because people can judge incorrectly without knowing it. Perjury only happens if a person wanted to do it and then actually did.

The offence of perjury is written in section 132 of the Criminal Code. It is described by section 131, which says that perjury is when a person says something false when he or she knows that it is false. People who commit perjury can be imprisoned for fourteen years at most.

A person in the Court of Justice of the European Communities swears anything he knows is false is guilty of perjury. Proceedings for perjury can happen in any place in the State and the offence can be treated as if it happened in that place.

Perjury in American law comes from the common law of England, which defined the it as giving a false testimony under oath that has to do with the issue.

The American legal system defines perjury as saying anything knowingly false under oath to a "competent tribunal, officer, or person". The punishment can be a fine or up to five years in prison or both.

Lust

Lust is a term for a strong desire or wanting, or maybe even needing, often for sexual acts, although it is also commonly used to talk of a "lust for life" or a "lust for power" or for other goals.

As a sexual desire, it is considered a sin (a failing) by Christianity, which lists it as one of the seven deadly sins.

"Lust" was originally an Anglo-Saxon word which meant "desire" or "appetite". 

Seven deadly sins

The seven deadly sins, also known as cardinal sins, are types of sins within some Christian teachings, although they are not mentioned in the Bible. Behaviors or habits are grouped into this category if they directly form other wickedness. According to the regular list, they are pride, greed, wrath, envy, lust, gluttony and sloth, which are the opposite of the seven heavenly virtues. These types had their origins with the Desert Fathers, who recognized seven or eight evil thoughts. The seven deadly sins were portrayed in paintings and decorations on churches, as well as in older textbooks.

Most of the seven deadly sins are defined by Dante Alighieri as wicked versions of love. The seven deadly sins from lust to envy are generally associated with pride.

Ranked in order of least evil to most evil like in Dante's "Divine Comedy", the seven deadly sins are:



People notice that some of these sins are connected. They have attempted to set down an order to them. Each of these cardinal sins are ways of not loving God and not loving others as much as oneself.

The opposite of these sins are the seven heavenly virtues: chastity, moderation, charity, zeal, meekness, generosity, and humility.

According to the "Divine Comedy", there are punishments for those who die with unconfessed deadly sins.

The Lustfuls are swept around by a strong wind, without ever resting. This is because lust is so powerful, that it can blow one around without need.

The Gluttons are forced to lie down in a kind of snow, made by freezing rain, black snow, and hail. This symbolizes what they made with their life.

The Greedy are boiled in hot oil, it's the best oil that money can buy, but it's still pretty hot and you will be turned into gold.

The Slothful are thrown into a snake pit where the indolent will have to move around to get the snakes off them eternally.

The Wrathful’s limbs are ripped apart, because the furious use their arms and/or legs in their act of violence.

Bromine

Bromine (Br) is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 35, and its atomic weight is 80. It is part of the Group 7 elements (halogens) on the periodic table. It is diatomic, which means that two atoms are stuck together to make a molecule in any bromine sample.

Bromine is a red-brown liquid. Liquid elements are rare; only bromine and mercury are liquid at room temperature. It easily evaporates to make suffocating brown fumes. It has a bad smell. Its name means "stench of he-goats". It can become a metal at very high pressures.

It has two stable isotopes. They are Br and Br. There are about 29 other radioactive isotopes. 

Bromine is quite reactive. Its reactivity is between chlorine, which is more reactive, and iodine, which is less reactive. It reacts with metals and nonmetals. Phosphorus reacts violently with bromine. Aluminum reacts in a similar way. It can bleach things like chlorine. It reacts better in the light. It dissolves a little in water. Hot water makes it disproportionate into hydrobromic acid and hypobromous acid. Bromine can form compounds with substances such as sodium to form sodium bromide.

Bromine forms compounds in many oxidation states: –1, +1, +3, +5, and (sometimes) +7. –1 is the most common. It is found as bromide. Bromides are not reactive. They are colorless solids that dissolve in water easily. Covalent bromides can be liquids or gases. The other compounds are all strong oxidizing agents. Their chlorine cousins are more common. +1 has the hypobromites, which are unstable. +3 has the bromites. Bromine dioxide is the only common bromine compound found in the +4 oxidation state. +5 has the bromates, which are more common than all the other ones except the bromides. Bromates are strong oxidizing agents and are sometimes added to flour. +7 has the perbromates. Perbromates are very unstable.

Bromine is found as bromide in the ocean and in brine pools. The Dead Sea has a lot of bromide in it. Bromine is not an important part of our body, unlike its relatives chlorine and iodine.

Bromine is made by bubbling chlorine gas through a solution of a bromide. The bromide is oxidized to bromine, while the chlorine is reduced to chloride. 

It is mainly used to make organobromine compounds, organic compounds with bromine in them. Organobromines are used to put out fires. They used to be added to gasoline. Some were used as pesticides. Some inorganic bromides were used as sedatives. Bromine can also be used as a disinfectant. Silver bromide is used in film.

Bromine is toxic and corrosive to skin. Bromine gas is irritating when it is breathed in, too. Bromine can react violently with many things.

Fluorine

Fluorine (symbol F) is a chemical element that is very poisonous. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 9, and its atomic mass is 19. It is part of the Group 7 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements.

Fluorine is a light yellow diatomic gas. It is very reactive gas, which exists as diatomic molecules. It is the most reactive element. Fluorine has a very high attraction for electrons because it is missing one. This makes it the most powerful oxidizing agent. It can rip electrons from water (making oxygen) and ignite propane on contact. It does not need a spark. Metals can catch on fire when placed in a stream of fluorine. After it is reduced by reacting with other things, it forms the stable fluoride ion. Fluorine is very poisonous. Fluorine bonds very strongly with carbon. It can react with the unreactive noble gases. It explodes when mixed with hydrogen. The melting point of fluorine is -363.33°F (-219.62°C), the boiling point is -306.62°F (-188.12°C).

Chemical compounds containing fluorine ions are called fluorides. Fluorine only exists in one oxidation state: -1.

Fluorine is not found as an element on the earth becase it is too reactive. Several fluorides are found in the earth, though. When calcium phosphate is reacted with sulfuric acid to make phosphoric acid, some hydrofluoric acid is produced. Also, fluorite can be reacted with sulfuric acid to make hydrofluoric acid. Fluorite naturally occurs on the earths' crust in rocks, coal and clay.

Fluorine is normally made by electrolysis. Hydrogen fluoride is dissolved in potassium fluoride. This mixture is melted and an electric current is passed through it. This is electrolysis. Hydrogen is produced at one side and fluorine at the other side. If the sides are not separated, the cell may explode.

Someone made fluorine in 1986 without using electrolysis. They produced manganese(IV) fluoride by using various chemical compounds, which released fluorine gas.

Fluorine is used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons. It is also used to make sulfur hexafluoride. Sulfur hexafluoride is used to propel stuff out of an aerosol can. It is also used to make integrated circuits. Fluorine compounds have many uses. Fluoride ions are in fluorine compounds. Fluoride ions can be in toothpaste. Some are used in nonstick coatings. Freons contain fluorine.

Fluorine as an element is extremely reactive and toxic. It can react with almost everything, even glass. Fluorine is also poisonous.

Fluoride ions are somewhat toxic. If too much toothpaste containing fluoride is eaten then fluoride poisoning may occur. Fluoride is not reactive, though.


Iodine

Iodine is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 53, and its atomic mass (the number of protons plus neutrons) is 127. It is part of the Group 7 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements and its electronic configuration is 2,8,8,18,17. It is a nonmetal. 

Iodine is a dark purple-black solid. It is also a nonmetal and a halogen. It sublimes when heated to make a bright purple vapor. This vapor is very irritating, although colorful. Iodine does not dissolve in water, but it does dissolve in a solution of an iodide in water. It dissolves easily in organic solvents.

Iodine is at the bottom of the halogens and is the least reactive of the halogens. Iodine is an oxidizing agent, though not as strong as bromine or chlorine. It can become the colorless iodide ion if another atom or molecule gives an iodine atom one of its electrons. This is called reduction. Iodine reacts with hydrogen sulfide or hydrazine to make hydriodic acid. Iodine dissolves in oleum to make a bright blue solution of I and sulfur dioxide. This cation is also made when iodine reacts with antimony pentafluoride. 

Iodine reacts with bases to make hypoiodite and iodide. The hypoiodite disproportionates to iodate and iodide. Iodine reacts with nitric acid and chlorates to make iodates, too. Iodine reacts violently with some metals like aluminium to make large amounts of heat and toxic vapors.

Iodine forms chemical compounds in several oxidation states: -1, +1, +3, +5, and +7. This is typical of the halogens except for fluorine. -1 compounds as iodides are the most common. Most organic iodine compounds are in the -1 oxidation state. Most iodides are colorless or reddish-yellow and are weak reducing agents. +1 and +3 compounds are quite rare. They are both oxidizing agents. +1 compounds are found as iodine monochloride and hypoiodites. +3 compounds are found as iodine trichloride or iodine trifluoride. +5 compounds are found as iodates and iodic acid. Iodine pentafluoride and iodine pentoxide are iodine compounds in the +5 state. +5 and +7 compounds are all strong oxidizing agents. +7 compounds are normally found as periodates and periodic acid. Iodine heptafluoride is also in the +7 oxidation state.

Potassium iodide is one of the most common iodides. Iodides are normally colorless but turn yellow after being in air because the iodide is oxidized to iodine. Iodides react with acidified manganese dioxide or chlorine to make iodine. Iodine monochloride is a red or brown liquid. Iodine trichloride, as well as iodine trifluoride, are yellow solids. Iodates like potassium iodate are colorless solids similar to chlorates. Iodic acid is the only stable oxidizing halogen acid. Chloric acid, by comparison, is very unstable and dangerous. Iodine pentoxide is a white solid, and iodine pentafluoride is a yellowish liquid. Periodates, like sodium periodate, are colorless solids similar to perchlorates, although weaker oxidizing agents. They decompose to iodates when they are heated. Periodic acid is not as stable as iodic acid. Iodine heptafluoride is the only iodine(VII) compound.

It was discovered by Barnard Courtois in 1811. He burned seaweed to get sodium carbonate and reacted the residue with sulfuric acid. One time, he poured too much sulfuric acid on the seaweed and purple vapor came out which made dark blue-black crystals on a cold surface. He did not have enough money to see whether it was a new element or not. He gave samples to several chemists, who identified it as an element in 1813.

Iodine is too reactive to be in nature as an element. Iodine compounds are not common in the ground. There is a mineral called caliche that is found in dry deserts. It has iodate in it. Iodide is found in seawater. Kelp has quite large amounts of iodine in it. Iodine is one of the heaviest elements needed by living things. If people do not get enough of it, they get a disease known as goitre. Most salt has iodine in it, in the form of iodide or iodate. People can also take iodine pills to make sure they get enough.

Kelp was burned and the iodine extracted from the ashes in the 18th and 19th century, but now it is not good enough for common use. Most iodine now is extracted from seawater. Chlorine is reacted with seawater to change the iodide to iodine. Air is blown over the water to evaporate the iodine. Then the iodine is reduced with sulfur dioxide to hydriodic acid. Then the hydriodic acid is oxidized with chlorine again to make iodine. This process is repeated until the iodine is pure. 

A very pure form of iodine is made by reacting copper sulfate and potassium iodide. This makes copper(II) iodide which is not stable. It breaks down into copper(I) iodide and iodine, which is pure.

Iodine is used as a catalyst for making acetic acid. Animal feed also has iodine in it for nutrition. Iodine is used for a disinfectant. Tincture of iodine is a common iodine disinfectant. Iodine can be used to prevent thyroid cancer after a nuclear explosion. After a nuclear explosion, radioactive iodine fills the air. The radioactive iodine easily goes into the thyroid and causes cancer. When people take iodine tablets, it fills up the thyroid with non-radioactive iodine which prevents any radioactive iodine from coming in.

Iodine compounds can be used in X-rays because X-rays cannot go through them easily. Some metals are purified using their iodides. Silver iodide is used in photographic film and cloud seeding. Erythrosine is a food coloring that has iodine in it. Iodine can be used to make illegal drugs so it is restricted in some areas. Iodine can be used as a test for reducing agents. Iodine turns colorless when mixed with a reducing agent. Iodine also turns black when mixed with starch. Iodides become colored when mixed with oxidizing agents.

Iodine can irritate skin. Its vapors are irritating to the lungs. It is less toxic than the other halogens, though. 2-3 grams of iodine can kill. Iodides are only toxic in large amounts.

Astatine

Astatine is a radioactive, chemical element. Its atomic number is 85, and its atomic weight is 210. It is part of the Group 17 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements. All of astatine's isotopes are short-lived; the most stable is astatine-210, with a half-life of 8.3 hours.

The first creation of the element was in 1940 by Dale R. Corson, Kenneth Ross MacKenzie, and Emilio G. Segrè at the University of California, Berkeley, who named it from the Greek "estates" (ἄστατος), meaning "unstable".

Astatine is highly radioactive and all its isotopes have half-lives of approximately 8 hours or less, the longest being astatine-210 with a half-life of a bit over eight hours. Some of its isotopes may be found in nature, but because it is so unstable, only about an ounce exists in the Earth's crust at any point in time. Chemists say it is the rarest element in the Earth's crust. Less reactive than iodine, astatine is the least reactive of the halogens. Only a few compounds with metals have been found, in the form of astatides of sodium, palladium, silver, thallium, and lead.

It can be used for cancer treatment and in radioactive tracers.

United States House of Representatives

The United States House of Representatives is a part of the United States (U.S.) Congress. Congress is the legislature of the U. S. government and makes federal laws. The other part of Congress is the U. S. Senate. There are maximum 435 members in the United States House of Representatives. These members are called U. S. Representatives or just representatives. All representatives are elected every two years.

The number of representatives from each state depends on the number of people in that state, the population, but there is at least one U. S. representative from each of the 50 states. Every 10 years, the United States Census Bureau counts the population of the United States. States gain or lose Representatives based on the count. The House of Representatives is in one of the two wings in the U.S. Capitol building. The other wing is for the Senate. Sometimes the House of Representatives is informally called the House. The chairman/chairperson in the U.S. House of Representatives is called the Speaker of the House.

According to the U.S. Constitution, all bills about raising revenue, which includes taxes, must start in the House of Representatives. Also, only the House of Representatives has the power to impeach certain officials, such as the president or federal judges. According to the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives can expel, or impeach, one of its representatives by a vote of at least two-thirds of its members.


Lourdes Flores Nano

Dr.Lourdes Celmira Flores Nano (born October 7 1959) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. She is the leader of the Christian People's Party. She tried to become the mayor of Lima in 2010.

Flores Nano was born in Lima in 1959. She studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. She studied for a Phd in Law from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, one of the world's oldest universities in Madrid, Spain. She was a member of the Lima Municipal Council and then a member of the National Congress of Peru. In 2001 and 2006 she was a candidate in election for the President of Peru.

Novel

Novels are books which have one long story written in them. They are works of prose fiction. They are longer than short stories and novellas. There are many kinds. For example, some are adventure stories, like "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson. There are horror (scary) stories like Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein". There are also science fiction novels like "Dune" by Frank Herbert, and humorous novels like "Tom Sawyer" by Mark Twain. Novels in English are usually at least 60,000 words long. Some are much bigger, 150,000 words or more. Novels usually have 100 pages or more.

The first novels were written more than three hundred years ago. Some people say that "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes is the first novel. It was first published in 1605.

There are many different genres, or categories, of novels. Some of these are:

Fiction

Fiction is any story made up by an author. It is a creation of the author's imagination. It is not based strictly on history or facts.

The opposite of fiction is non-fiction, writing that deals with facts and true events. Often in a library, part of the library is for fiction books and another part of the library is for non-fiction.

The word "fiction" comes from the Latin word "fictum", which means "created". This is a good way to remember what fiction is: if it has been created or made up by somebody, it is fiction. Fiction can be written or told, or acted on stage, in a movie, on television or radio. Usually the purpose of fiction is to entertain. 

However, the dividing line is not always so clear. Fiction with real people or events in it is called "historical fiction", because it is based on things that happened in history. This type of fiction is written so that we can imagine and understand what it was like when those people were alive. Reality can be presented through creative writing, and imagination can open the reader's mind to significant thoughts about the real world. 

In fiction, there are always characters. There is usually a protagonist, or hero. Sometimes this is a group of people, not one person. You usually support the hero (or heroes.) The protagonist has to face some kind of enemy, usually another character called the antagonist, or villain. The fight between the protagonist and their enemy is called the "conflict".

Plot is a literary term. It is the events that make up a story, particularly as they relate to one another. The events may form a pattern. That pattern may be a sequence, through cause and effect, or how the reader views the story, or simply by coincidence. (For example, at the start. a puppy hunged by a tree branch. At the middle, someone sees that puppy is about to fall. At the end, someone saves the puppy.)

In his "Poetics", Aristotle considered plot ("mythos") the most important element of drama—more important than character, for example. A plot must have, Aristotle says, a beginning, a middle, and an end, and the events of the plot must causally relate to one another as being either necessary or probable.

Of the utmost importance to Aristotle is the plot's ability to arouse emotion in the psyche of the audience. In tragedy, the emotions are fear and pity, emotions which he considers in his "Rhetoric".

Gustav Freytag considered plot a narrative structure that divided a story into five parts, like the five acts of a play. These parts are: exposition (of the situation); rising action (through conflict); climax (or turning point); falling action; and resolution.

The climax is the most dangerous and exciting part of the plot. For example, if you were on a rollercoaster, the highest part would be the climax.
The climax usually near to the end of the story, because the whole story has been building up to it (rising action). In an action drama it is the point when the hero or heroine looks like s/he is about to lose, and is in the greatest danger.

Conflict is very important in fiction. Every work of fiction needs a conflict, or problem. There are five basic types of conflict. In modern times, a new one, "Person vs. Technology", has been used.

Person vs. Self is when a character is facing his own fears, confusion or philosophy. Sometimes the character tries to find out who he or she is, and comes to realize it or change it. Sometimes the character struggles to find out what is right or wrong. Although the enemy is inside the character, they can be influenced by outside forces. The struggle of the human being to come to a decision is the base of this type of conflict.

Person vs. Person is when the hero is fighting another person. There is usually more than one time that the hero meets the enemy. For example, if a child is being bullied, that is person vs. person conflict. An example is the conflict between Judah and Messala in "".

Person vs. Society is when the hero's main source of conflict is traditions or ideas. The protagonist is basically fighting what is wrong with the world he lives in. Society itself is often treated as a single character, just as another person is in person vs. person conflict. An example in literature would be "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë.

Person vs. Nature is when a character is fighting against forces of nature. Many films focus on this theme. It is also found in stories about trying to survive in places far away from humans, like Jack London's short story "To Build a Fire".

Person vs. Supernatural is when a character is battling supernatural forces. Sometimes, this force is inside themselves, it is internal. Such stories are sometimes used to represent or criticize Freud's theory of id vs. superego. Bram Stoker's "Dracula" is a good example of this, as well as "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley and "Christabel" by Samuel Coleridge. It is also very common in comic books.

Person vs. Machine/Technology places a character against robot forces with artificial intelligence. "I, Robot" and the "Terminator" series are good examples of this conflict.


Oak Lawn, Illinois

Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County, Illinois, USA. It is a suburb of Chicago.

Fossil fuel

Fossil fuels are fuels that come from old life forms that decomposed over a long period of time. The three most important fossil fuels are coal, petroleum, and natural gas. 

Petroleum and gas are hydrocarbons (molecules that have only hydrogen and carbon in them). Coal is mostly carbon. These fuels are called fossil fuels because they are dug up from underground. Coal mining digs up solid fuel; gas and oil wells bring up liquid fuel. Fossil fuel was not much used until the Middle Ages. Coal became the main kind of fuel with the Industrial Revolution.

Most of the fuels people burn are fossil fuels. A big use is to make electricity. In power plants fossil fuels, usually coal, are burned to heat water into steam, which pushes a fan-like object called a turbine. When the turbine spins around, magnets inside the turbine make electricity. 

Crude oil (petroleum) can be separated to make various fuels such as LPG, gasoline, kerosene, jet fuel, and diesel fuel. These substances are made by fractional distillation in an oil refinery. They are the main fuels in transportation. That means that they are burned in order to move cars, trucks, ships, airplanes, trains and even spacecraft. Without them, there wouldn't be much transport. 

People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes. They use coal less for this than they did long ago, because it makes things dirty. In many homes, people burn natural gas in a stove for cooking.

Fossil fuels are widely used in construction. 

All fossil fuels come from the periods in Earth's history when the Earth had huge tropical forests. In those periods, plants lived, grew and died, faster than they decayed. In other words, they were times when much of the dead vegetation did not entirely decompose. Instead it became coal and related substances such as peat.

The times of the great wetlands which produced coal and peat were in the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian), continuing in the first part of the Permian; the Jurassic and Eocene periods. Virtually all the worlds' coal dates to those periods.

Most air pollution comes from burning fossil fuels. This can be reduced by making the combustion process more efficient, and by using various techniques to reduce the escape of harmful gases. This pollution is responsible for causing the earth to get warmer, called global warming. They are also non-renewable resources, there is only a limited amount of coal, gas, and oil, and it is not possible to make more. Eventually all the fossil fuels will be used. Some scientists think that coal will have run out by 2200 and oil by 2040. 

Renewable energy sources like biomass energy such as firewood are being used. Countries are also increasing the use of wind power, tidal energy, and solar energy to generate electricity. Some governments are helping automobile makers to develop electric cars and hybrid cars that will use less oil.


Boston Bruins

The Boston Bruins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were the first American team in the NHL, in 1924. They have won six Stanley Cup championships, and they lost against the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals after winning in 2011.

In their early years, the Bruins won three Stanley Cups: 1929, 1939, and 1941. Ralph "Cooney" Weiland won the Art Ross Trophy as scoring champion in 1930. Aubrey "Dit" Clapper was also a star player around this time. Then Eddie Shore came along, a huge star in the league on defense. Shore won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player (MVP) four times: in 1933, 1935, 1936 and 1938. Only Gordie Howe and Wayne Gretzky have won it more often. Cecil "Tiny" Thompson was the team's star goaltender.

In the 1940s and 1950s the Bruins had new stars. Milt Schmidt and Bill Cowley were great centers and both won scoring championships and MVP trophies. They were helped by Woody Dumart and Bobby Bauer on wing, and Frank Brimsek replaced Thompson in goal.

The 1960s were not so good for the Bruins. Schmidt retired to become the team's coach and the team did not have many stars. They finished in last place six times out of seven years and did not make the playoffs eight straight seasons. Left wing John Bucyk was their best player.

Bobby Orr began as a defenseman with Boston in 1966. After his rookie (first) season, he won the Norris Trophy as best defenseman in the NHL eight times in a row, and the Bruins became a top team again. He joined with centers Phil Esposito and Derek Sanderson, Bucyk and goalie Gerry Cheevers to lead the Bruins to the Stanley Cup in 1970 and 1972. Orr won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs both years. He also won the Hart Trophy in 1970, 1971, and 1972; Esposito won it in 1969 and 1974. Esposito won five Art Ross Trophies: 1969, 1971, 1972, 1973, and 1974. Orr won it in 1970 and 1975, the only defenseman ever to win the scoring title. The Bruins continued to be a strong team through the late 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. 

Ray Bourque, who won the Norris Trophy five times, was the team's greatest star in the 1980s and 1990s. He is the team's top career scorer, and the highest scoring defenseman in NHL history. The Bruins won the President's Cup as regular-season champions in 1983 and 1990, and made the Stanley Cup finals in 1988 and 1990. Cam Neely was an important player until the mid-1990s, and Joe Thornton was a top scorer until he was traded to the San Jose Sharks in 2005. The Bruins won the Stanley Cup championship in 2011. In the 2018-2019 season the Bruins made the Stanley Cup final once again, losing to the eventual Stanley Cup Champion St. Louis Blues in 7 games. 

In the 2022–2023, the Bruins broke the record for the most wins by a NHL team with 63 wins. They would win two more games to finish the regular season with 65 wins. In the playoffs, the Bruins would face the Florida Panthers, but lost Game 7 at home after initially taking a 3 games to 1 series lead.


George Morrow

George Morrow (c. 1934 - May 7, 2003) was part of the early microcomputer industry in the United States. Morrow promoted (make popular) and improved the S-100 bus used in many early microcomputers. Morrow was also a member of the Homebrew Computer Club.

Starting in 1976, he designed and sold computers, computer parts, and accessories under several company names, including "Morrow Designs". Morrow's companies built microcomputers that used the CP/M operating system. When IBM started selling their IBM PC personal computer in 1981, Morrow and other CP/M computer makers had trouble competing. Morrow Designs filed for bankruptcy in 1986.

Dietary mineral

A dietary mineral is a chemical element that a living thing needs to be part of what they eat, other from the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen which are already very common in living things.

One example of a dietary mineral is calcium, which humans and many other animals need to build strong bones and teeth, among other things. Iron is another mineral, which you can find in red meat. It is important for us to have iron as it creates red blood cells. Other common minerals include potassium and phosphorus.


Cleveland, England

Cleveland is an area in the North of Yorkshire, England. That means it is in North East England.

As a non-metropolitan county it existed between 1 April 1974 and 31 March 1996. The districts which made up the county are now all unitary authorities.

Hungarian language

Hungarian is a Uralic language. The Hungarian name for the language is "Magyar".

The Finno-Ugric languages also include Finnish, Estonian, Lappic (Sámi) and some other languages spoken in Russia: Khanty and Mansi are the most closely related to Hungarian. The Hungarian name for the language is "Magyar".

Although Hungarian is not an Indo-European language, unlike most other European languages, its vocabulary has many words from Slavic and Turkic languages and also from German.

Hungarian is spoken by approximately 13 million people. Most of them live in Hungary (around 10 million) and Romania (around 1.5 million), but there are also speakers in Slovakia, the northern part of Serbia (Vojvodina), Ukraine and other countries. Hungarian is the official language of Hungary and one of the official languages of the European Union (EU). It is also an official language of the Autonomous Republic of Vojvodina (Serbia) and of some places in the Republic of Slovenia.

Hungarian has several dialects, but people can easily understand one another. The Csángó dialect in Romania, however, is archaic and has changed less than the other dialects.

Hungarian literary language is based on the Northeastern dialect.

Although Hungarian is not an Indo-European language, its vocabulary has many words from Slavic and Turkic languages and also from German.

Austro-Hungarian (Össtereich-Ungarn dialekt, Ausztriai-Magyar nyelvjárás) is a dialect of Hungarian that inherited loanwords from German such as grammar structure, phonology and pronounciation, the language first spoken in the 1800's during the statehood of Austria-Hungary.

text in Hungarian and Austro-Hungarian

Hungarian;

Nem kell palota ahoz hogy boldog légy, nem kell pénz és gazdagság hogy minden embernek jót szívében millió csillag ragyog, s akkor leszel igazán boldog ha fényleni hagyod.

Austro-Hungarian;

Nem kell brauchst keinen hogy boldog zu sein, te brauchst kein pénz und gazdagság sein, um anderen Gutes tégy, eine ember hertze million csillag glücklich, du sie leuchten igazán boldog wenn fényleni lässen.

Today, there are an estimated 1.7 million people who can speak Austro-Hungarian near the Austrian and Hungarian border.

Hungarian grammar is very different from that of Indo-European languages like English.

Hungarian has no grammatical gender. For example, there are no separate words for "he" and "she" but there is one pronoun ("ő"). Instead of prepositions, (like "from" or "with"), Hungarian uses suffixes (particles at the end of main words). For example, "from Budapest" becomes "Budapestről", and "with Alexandra" becomes "Alexandrával".

Another Hungarian feature is vowel harmony: suffixes change according to (harmonise with) the vowel of the main word. If they have "a" in the word, the suffix normally has "a" as well ("fa" "tree" and "fával" """with a tree"), and if they have "e", the suffix will change to have "e" as well' ("teve" "camel" and "tevével" "with a camel").

Hungarian words have the accent on the first syllable.

The Hungarian alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet. Some letters have diacritics (dots or commas above them) and so Hungarian has 44 letters, more than the 26 of English.

Since Hungarian writing is mostly phonetic, it is easy to write words by knowing their pronunciation.

The earliest known written Hungarian words are to be found in a Latin document, the "Foundation Charter of the Abbey of Tihany" (1054). The "Funeral Oration and Prayer" (1192-95) and the "Old Hungarian Lament of Mary" (13th century) are the earliest known continuous Hungarian texts.

In the 16th century, the first printed Hungarian texts were published. The modern literary language appeared in the 18th and the 19th centuries.

Hungarian replaced Latin as the official language of Hungary between 1844 and 1849 and then again in 1867.


Hungarian

Hungarian can mean:

Rochester, New York

Rochester is the fourth-largest city in the U.S. state of New York. It has a little over 200,000 people living in it and over a million people living in the metropolitan area. It is on the southern shore of Lake Ontario. It is between the cities of Buffalo and Syracuse.

WHEC NBC

WROC CBS

WXXI PBS

WOKR American Broadcasting Company

WUHF Fox Broadcasting Company

WGBT UPN

Rochester is on the shore of Lake Ontario, one of the Great Lakes. Also, the Genesee River flows through it. In the area near Rochester, there are many streams, large hills called drumlins, and lakes, such as the Finger Lakes. The weather in Rochester is warm in the summer and cold in the winter, with a lot of snow falling in the winter and early spring.

Rochester is the headquarters of Eastman Kodak, a company that makes cameras and camera film. Rochester is also the home to universities such as the University of Rochester and the Rochester Institute of Technology.


Dragon (disambiguation)

A dragon is a legendary creature, typically with reptile-like traits.

Dragon might also mean:

Shop

A shop or store is a place where people can go to buy items that they need or want. People might go to a shop to buy food, clothes, furniture, jewelry, or many other things. There are loads of shops in the world people can buy their things from.

People might also go to a repair shop if something is broken, and they want the shop to fix it. For example, someone might bring a broken bicycle to a bicycle repair shop.

Shops can be anything from large supermarket chains to small businesses. 

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (movie)

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a 1975 American drama movie based on Ken Kesey's novel of the same name, directed by Miloš Forman and starring Jack Nicholson and Louise Fletcher. It is set on a locked psychiatric ward in 1963 Oregon which is run by the tyrannical Nurse Ratched (Fletcher) and where the new patient Randle McMurphy (Nicholson) rebels against her. It was the first movie to win all five main Academy Awards since "It Happened One Night". These awards included Best Picture, Best Actor (Nicholson), Best Actress (Fletcher), Best Director (Forman), and Best Adapted Screenplay. The movie was the 20th best ever, according to the American Film Industry's AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. The screenplay was also nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay. The novel's writer, Kesey, disliked the movie, because it did not take the perspective (view) of a Native American character, Chief Bromden (a more important character in the book than in the movie).


Dr. Strangelove

Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (better known as only Dr. Strangelove) is a 1964 British-American black comedy movie directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick, and starring Peter Sellers.

The story concerns an unhinged United States Air Force general, Sterling Hayden as Jack D. Ripper. He orders a first strike nuclear attack on the Soviet Union. It follows the President, his advisers, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and a Royal Air Force (RAF) officer as they try to recall the bombers to prevent a nuclear apocalypse. It separately follows the crew of one B-52 bomber as they try to deliver their payload.

The key to the film is the acting of Peter Sellers, who played three main roles:

Sellers was due to play Maj. Kong as well but exhaustion made him feign injury to get out of the role. The role of Maj. Kong went to Slim Pickens instead.

During the movie's ending, the world is blown up by a Soviet deterrence weapon, the Cobalt-Thorium G "doomsday machine", whose existence had not been announced. Vera Lynn's recording of "We'll Meet Again" is played as the world meets its end (it was a famous song of World War II).

This is sometimes said to be a movie of the book Peter George's thriller novel "Red Alert" (1958). But in this book Strangelove's character does not appear. It seems the director Stanley Kubrick had intended to use ideas from the book, but as the movie developed the influence of tragic-comedy and the genius of Peter Sellers changed its direction.

In 1989, the United States Library of Congress chose this movie to be kept in the National Film Registry. This means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies.


Animal husbandry

Animal husbandry is the care and breeding of animals, particularly livestock. People have done this for a very long time; it is much older than agriculture. Nomadic people and people In rural areas often teach their children how to care for their animals. 4-H is an organization that also teaches children in the United States how to raise and care for farm animals.

Some people who specialize in animal husbandry try to make sure that the animals are well cared for, while others try to make sure that the animals cost as little as possible to raise.

Examples of animal husbandry are:


Animal husbandry includes domestication of animals to obtain animal products (like milk, meat, wool, leather), and use them for transportation.

Dairy farming is a branch of animal husbandry whereby dairy animals are raised for their milk. The cow is mainly used throughout the world to produce milk and milk products for human consumption. Other animals used to a lesser extent for this purpose include sheep, goats, camels, buffaloes, yaks, reindeer, horses and donkeys. In the past, cows were kept in small herds on family farms, grazing pastures and fed hay in winter, nowadays they are kept in larger herds, more intensive systems and the feeding of silage.

Many animals are raised for their meat. Meat, mainly from farmed animals, is a major source of dietary protein around the world. Cattle generally produce a single offspring annually which takes more than a year to mature; sheep and goats often have twins and these are ready for slaughter in less than a year; pigs give birth to more than one litter of up to about 11 piglets each year. Horses, donkeys, deer, buffalo, llamas, alpacas, guanacos and vicunas are farmed for meat in various regions.

Poultry includes all birds domesticated by man. They are kept for their eggs and for their meat. They include chickens, turkeys, geese and ducks. Chickens are mainly used throughout the world for egg production. Methods for keeping poultry range from free-range systems, where the birds can roam as they will but at night they are kept in barns for their own protection, through semi-intensive systems where they are kept in barns and have perches, litter and some freedom of movement, to intensive systems where they are kept in cages.

Walt Disney World

The Walt Disney World Resort, also called Walt Disney World or Disney World, is an entertainment complex near Orlando, Florida. It opened on October 1, 1971 with only the Magic Kingdom theme park. It has since added Epcot (October 1, 1982), Disney's Hollywood Studios (May 1, 1989) and Disney's Animal Kingdom (April 22, 1998). It also has 2 water parks, 23 hotels, a campground, and Disney Springs, which is a shopping area with souvenir shops, restaurants, and sports activities. It covers an area of and is the largest theme park in the world. 

The resort was inspired by the dreams of Walt Disney and his creation of Disneyland in California. Its original theme park, Magic Kingdom, is designed similarly to Disneyland. Walt Disney created "Disney World" to have a vacation resort that was much different from Disneyland's one-day visit; this includes a much wider variety of sports, recreation, themed resort hotels and entertainment. The theme parks come with lots of different and fun rides and you can go swimming at the water parks. Sometimes, Disney characters walk around the parks to enjoy the younger ones. The rides are related to the books and films that Disney created.

The resort is approximately as large as San Francisco and twice the size of Manhattan. It has many exciting destinations including theme parks, water parks and more.

There are 4 theme parks in Walt Disney World. Each of them have numerous rides, restaurants and entertainment activities to witness. You can meet Disney characters there and have fun viewing different parades.

There are 2 water parks:



Harp

The harp is a musical instrument. It is the second biggest string instrument in an orchestra. It dates back to 4000 BC when the Egyptians used them in holy places. Christian artists often draw angels playing harps in Heaven.

Harps have strings that are tied to the frame, which is usually a triangle made of wood. Each string is tight, and the frame must be strong so that the many tight strings do not break it. The side of the triangle that leans on the player's body is called the "sound box".

The top side of the triangle has a lot of pegs in it. There is one peg for each string on the harp. The top of each string is tied to one peg, and twisted around the peg. The player turns the peg to make the string more tight or less tight. This is how the player makes each string make the right note. The bottom of each string is tied to the sound box.

The last side of the triangle is called the pillar. Many of the oldest harps did not have them. If the strings were too tight, they would break the harp. Adding a pillar to a harp frame makes the frame very strong, so that the strings will not break it.

Harp players pluck the strings with their fingers, similar to a guitar. This makes the strings move so that the strings make sounds. Each string sound is a different musical note. Harp players play music by plucking the strings in the right order and at the right time. More than one string can be plucked at the same time to make a chord, or they can be played quickly, one after another, to make an arpeggio. When the harp player wants a note to stop, they touch that string softly, so that it stops moving.

There are many different kinds of harps. The two main kinds are folk harps and pedal harps.

The folk harp is the older kind of harp, the oldest dating back to 3000 BC in Ancient Egypt. In these harps, each string can only make one note at a time. They are usually tuned so that playing each string in order sounds like playing all the white notes on a piano in order. This is called a diatonic scale. In some places, they are tuned so that playing each string in order sounds like playing all the black notes on a piano in order. This is called a pentatonic scale.

Folk harps can be found in many different sizes. The smallest ones can be less than half a meter tall and can have as little as 20 strings. The biggest ones can be almost 1.5 meters tall, have up to 40 strings, and can stand on the ground by themselves. These harps are too big to be lifted by one person.

The pedal harp was invented during the 1800s by a man in France. This is the kind of harp that is heard in most classical music and is used in the modern symphony orchestra, and for this reason it is often called a concert harp. Pedal harps are about two meters tall and have about 50 strings. The lowest and highest notes on a pedal harp are the same as the lowest and highest notes on a piano. They are very heavy, and need more than one person to move them. The frame is usually made out of metal.

Like the folk harp, the pedal harp is tuned like the white keys on a piano. However, it has seven pedals to let the harp player play music in different keys. Each pedal, named after the different musical notes, has three places. For the "A" pedal, the usual place makes all the "A" strings sound like a normal "A" ("A"-natural). The lower place makes all the "A" strings on the harp sound like "A"-flat, while the higher place makes all the "A" strings sound like "A"-sharp. 

A cross-strung harp is a pedal harp that is chromatic and consists of two rows of strings. They cross near to the middle of the string without touching. The strings are in the order of the piano keys (7 plus 5) or in the order of the 6-plus-6 system.

Some instruments have the word harp in their name, but they are not really harps. The harp is such an old musical instrument, that people sometimes say "harp" when they mean any kind of instrument.

1472

1472 was a leap year.


Kassam Stadium

Kassam Staudium is an arena in Oxford, England. It is where Oxford United F.C. plays. It is the biggest arena in the blue square premier league conference national

Nucleotide

A nucleotide is an organic molecule. Nucleotides are the building blocks of the nucleic acids RNA and DNA. These two types of nucleic acid are essential biomolecules in all forms of life on Earth.

A nucleotide is composed of a nucleobase (nitrogenous base), a five-carbon sugar (either ribose or 2-deoxyribose), and one phosphate group. Nucleotides contain either a purine or a pyrimidine base. Ribonucleotides are nucleotides in which the sugar is ribose. Deoxyribonucleotides are nucleotides in which the sugar is deoxyribose.

In DNA, the purine bases are adenine and guanine, and the pyrimidines are thymine and cytosine. RNA uses uracil in place of thymine. Adenine always pairs with thymine by 2 hydrogen bonds, while guanine pairs with cytosine through 3 hydrogen bonds, each due to their unique structures.

Nucleotides also play a central role in metabolism at a fundamental, cellular level. They provide chemical energy for the many cellular functions that need it. Examples are: amino acid, protein and cell membrane synthesis, moving the cell and cell parts (both internally and intercellularly), cell division, and so on. In addition, nucleotides work in cell signaling, and they are in important cofactors of enzymatic reactions (e.g. coenzyme A, FAD, FMN, NAD, and NADP).

In experimental biochemistry, nucleotides can be labeled using radionuclides to make radionucleotides.

Voting

Voting is when a group of people decide something by saying what they want. It can be for electing a leader or representative, passing a law, and other things. When people are done voting, the votes are counted (often by machines) and the winner is determined.

Voting can be done in small groups (friends deciding what to do over weekend), societies (building committee deciding on whether to paint a building), nations (voting for president or - in some cases - voting for independence) and global (United Nations deciding how to limit nuclear weapon development). 

Usually the side that gets most votes will win. This is called majority rule. The right to vote is called suffrage.

In some cases, a certain percentage may be needed to win a vote. This is often the case when voting to change the constitution of a country, or when electing a government official. When choosing a government official, there may be several rounds. In the first round, votes can be cast for all candidates. In the second round, only the two or three candidates with the most votes can be chosen.
Voting is done in democratic government.

There may also be different systens: In some cases, each person has one vote. Other systems may be like ranking, such as picking the three options the person sees most suitable, for example out of five.

Especially in bigger votes, it is often not be possible to track who cast a certain vote.


Joule

A joule ( or sometimes ) is a unit in the SI system. It measures energy; usually in scientific or electrical appliances . It is named after James Prescott Joule. 

A joule refers to the amount of energy transferred to an object when a force of 1 newton is applied on it over a distance of 1 metre (1J = 1N × 1m). It is related to the watt (a unit of power): one watt equals one joule per second.

It can also be understood as the work done for passing one ampere of electric current through an electric circuit of external resistance equivalent to one ohm for one second. 

Carl Friedrich Gauss

Carl Friedrich Gauss (pronunciation: , Latin: Carolus Fridericus Gauss) (30 April 1777 – 23 February 1855) was a famous mathematician from Göttingen, Germany. Gauss contributed to many areas of learning. Most of his work was about number theory, statistics, and astronomy.

He was born in Braunschweig. That city was then part of the duchy of Braunschweig-Lüneburg. Today the city is part of Lower Saxony. As a child, he was a prodigy, meaning he was very clever. When he was 3 years old, he told his father that he had made a mistake on his complicated payroll. The child was correct. Gauss also taught himself to read.

When he was in elementary school, his teacher once tried to keep the children busy, telling them to add up all the numbers from 1 to 100. Gauss did it quickly, like this: 1 + 100 = 101, 2 + 99 = 101, 3 + 98 = 101, and so on. There were a total of 50 pairs, so 50 × 101 = 5,050. The formula is formula_1. There are many other versions of this story.

The Duke of Brunswick gave Gauss a fellowship to the Collegium Carolinum, where he attended from 1792 to 1795. This meant that the Duke paid for the education of Carl Friedrich Gauss at the Collegium. After this, Gauss went to the University of Göttingen, from 1795 to 1798.

When Gauss was 23, scientists spotted the asteroid Ceres but they did not see it for long enough to know its orbit. Gauss made calculations that let them locate it.

Later in life Gauss stopped working on pure math and turned to physics. He did work in electromagnetism and made an early electrical telegraph.

Gauss wrote Disquisitiones Arithmeticae which is a book about number theory. In that book he proved the law of Quadratic reciprocity. He also was the first mathematician to explain Modular arithmetic in a very detailed way. Before Gauss, mathematicians had used modular arithmetic in some cases but did not know much about using it broadly.

Gauss made important discoveries in Probability theory.


Grand Canyon

The Grand Canyon is a famous canyon in Arizona, formed by the Colorado River. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and a National Park of the United States. It is also one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.

The Grand Canyon is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and is over a mile (1.83 km) (6000 feet) deep in places. Nearly two billion years past of the Earth's geological history have been exposed as the Colorado River and its tributaries (smaller rivers) cut their channels through layer after layer of rock.

Evidence suggests the Colorado River established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years ago. Since that time, the Colorado River continued to erode and form the canyon to the point we see it at today. 

The result of all the erosion is one of the most complete geologic columns (stacks of rock layers) on the planet. There are nearly 40 major sedimentary rock layers exposed in the Grand Canyon and in the Grand Canyon National Park area. They range in age from about 200 million to nearly 2 billion years old.

Most were laid down in warm, shallow seas, near ancient, long-gone sea shores in western North America. Both marine and terrestrial sediments are represented, including fossilized sand dunes from an ancient desert. There are at least 14 known unconformities in the geologic record found in the Grand Canyon area.

The major rock exposures in the Grand Canyon range in age from the almost 2 billion year old Vishnu Schist at the bottom of the Inner Gorge to the 230 million year old Kaibab Limestone on the rim.

Shown in the diagram, there is a gap of about one billion years between the stratum that is about 500 million years old (blue) and the lower level, which is about 1.5 billion years old at the top (green). This large unconformity indicates a period of erosion between two periods of deposition.

Many of the formations were deposited in warm shallow seas, near-shore environments (such as beaches), and swamps. The seashore repeatedly advanced and retreated over the edge of a proto-North America.

The great depth of the Grand Canyon and especially the height of its strata (most of which formed below sea level) was caused by 5,000 to 10,000 feet (1500 to 3000 m) uplift of the Colorado Plateau. This started about 65 million years ago during the Laramide period of orogeny (mountain-building). This uplift steepened the gradient of the Colorado River and its tributaries, which increased their speed and their ability to cut through rock.

Weather conditions during the ice ages also increased the amount of water in the Colorado River drainage system. The ancestral Colorado River responded by cutting its channel faster and deeper.

The base level and course of the Colorado River (or its ancestral equivalent) changed 5.3 million years ago when the Gulf of California opened and lowered the river's base level (its lowest point). This increased the rate of erosion and cut nearly all of the Grand Canyon's current depth by 1.2 million years ago. The stepped appearance of the rocks was caused by their varied resistance to the flow of water.

Between three million and 100,000 years ago, volcanic activity spread ash (tuff) and lava over the area and at times completely blocked the river. These volcanic rocks are the youngest in the canyon.

Many people come from around the world to visit the Grand Canyon. People can also take trips floating on the Colorado River in boats and rafts. Some people like to hike in the Grand Canyon. The land on the north side of the Grand Canyon is called the "North Rim". The land on the south side of the Grand Canyon is called the "South Rim". "North Rim" is open to visitors from May to October. It is possible to visit "South Rim" all year round. 

There are trails leading from the North Rim and the South Rim to the bottom of the canyon. These trails lead to a place at the bottom of the canyon called "Phantom Ranch". Phantom Ranch has a campground and cabins where hikers can spend the night. Some people also ride mules into the Grand Canyon. Most people who visit the Grand Canyon drive in cars to the South Rim and just look at the canyon from the rim and take pictures. The are also free shuttles for visitors. They are a good way to go from one viewpoint to another. Many tourists like to fly over the canyon on a helicopter to have a panoramic view.

Grand Canyon admission is $35 per car. People accessing by foot or bicycle have to pay $20. Admission to Grand Canyon is included in the National Parks & Federal Recreational Lands Annual Pass ($80), which is valid to enter all National Park in United States for a year.



Dairy product

Dairy products are foods that are made from animal milk. Usually, they are made from the milk of cows and goats, but they can be made from the milk of other animals as well.

Dairy products include milk, cheese, butter, yogurt,ice cream...etc

Alberto Fujimori

Alberto Fujimori (born July 28, 1938) was the President of Peru from 1990 to 2000. A controversial figure in Peruvian politics, his government is credited with the creation of Fujimorism, defeating the Shining Path insurgency and restoring Peru's macroeconomic stability. He is still remembered in Peru for defeating Shining Path, the peace with Ecuador and recovering the economy after the presidency of Alan García. Even amid his prosecution in 2008 for crimes against humanity relating to his presidency, two-thirds of Peruvians polled voiced approval for his leadership in that period.

In 2001, Fujimori's head of intelligence, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of doing illegal things. People thought that Fujimori was also involved.

After that, Fujimori went to Japan, because he has Japanese ancestors, thus is a citizen there. Japan protected him from Peruvian law since they do not find any valid accusation. Fujimori resigned the Presidency of Peru. Valentín Paniagua was elected president by the Congress soon after Fujimori resigned.

In 2005 Fujimori was detained in Chile. After his extradition in 2007 the Peruvian government put him on trial and convicted him. He was sentenced to several years in prison. On 24 December 2017, President Kuczynski pardoned him on health grounds but in 2019 he was put back in prison.

His daughter, Keiko is also a politician and ran for president three times, the most recent being is 2021.

List of presidents of Peru

This is a list of presidents of Peru.

The Republic of Peru was reestablished on August 25, 1839.

New York Rangers

The New York Rangers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They play in Madison Square Garden in New York City. The team began in 1926, and has won four Stanley Cup championships.
The Rangers were started by a promoter named Tex Rickard. Newspapers began calling the new team "Tex's Rangers", a play on the famous police force known as the Texas Rangers. The team picked up on the nickname, and have been called "Rangers" ever since.

The Rangers were successful in their early years, winning the Stanley Cup in 1928, 1933, and 1940. Bill Cook won the Art Ross Trophy as scoring leader in 1927 and 1933, and Bryan Hextall won it in 1942. "Babe" Pratt was a star defenceman around this time.

The Rangers did very poorly in the mid-1940s, but improved by 1950, when they lost the Stanley Cup final in overtime of the deciding game seven to the Detroit Red Wings. Buddy O'Connor won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player in 1948, goaltender Chuck Rayner won it in 1950, and Andy Bathgate won it in 1959.

The team did not make the finals again until 1972, when they lost to the Boston Bruins. They were led by players such as Jean Ratelle, Brad Park, Ed Giacomin, and Rod Gilbert. The Rangers made the finals again in 1979, losing to the Montreal Canadians.

There was another team in New York, the Americans. The Americans felt that the Rangers were favoured by Madison Square Garden, and that their team folded in 1942 because of the Rangers. The Americans' coach and general manager, Red Dutton, claimed the Rangers would never win another Stanley Cup as long as he lived. This became known as Dutton's curse.

Red Dutton died in 1987, and his curse came true. Finally, the Rangers improved, winning the President's Cup as regular-season champions in 1992 and 1994. Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1992, and Brian Leetch won two Norris Trophies as best defence. They led the Rangers to the Stanley Cup in 1994, after 54 years of not winning.

Recently, the Rangers have been a poor team, missing the playoffs many years in a row. However, in 2005-06, the team has improved again, much due to the play of star Jaromír Jágr and rookie (first year) goalie Henrik Lundqvist. They reached the Finals in 2014 and lost to the Kings in 5 games. Lundqvist would go on to play his entire 15-year career with the team as he retired prior to the 2020-21 season.



Headstone

A headstone, gravestone or tombstone is a marker, normally made from stone, that is used to identify a person who is buried beneath it (in the grave).

These markers can be plain or beautifully carved with writing (epitaph or inscriptions) and pictures, but at times some gravestones can be unmarked, leaving a dead person unidentifiable. 

Plasma

Plasma could mean:


Blood plasma

Blood plasma is the yellow liquid part of blood. In normal blood, the blood cells are suspended in the plasma.

Plasma makes up about 55% of the total blood volume. It is mostly water (90% by volume) and contains dissolved proteins, glucose, clotting factors, mineral ions, hormones and carbon dioxide. Plasma is the transport medium for excretion.

In hospitals, blood plasma is prepared like this. An anti-coagulant stops the blood clotting. Then tubes of blood are spun very fast in a centrifuge. The blood cells go to the bottom of the tubes. The plasma is poured into another container.

Hospitals may give patients:

Blood serum is blood plasma without fibrinogen or the other clotting factors (that is, whole blood minus both the cells "and" the clotting factors).

Plasmapheresis is a medical therapy which involves taking out blood plasma, treating it, and putting it back in the patient.

Whole plasma may be stored frozen, or it may be stored dry. Dried plasma can be flown anywhere in the world, and is vital for the armed forces. The method was invented in the US in 1940, and used widely in World War II. The Army/Navy standard pack was two tin cans, each with 400cc bottles inside. One held the plasma, the other distilled (pure) water. The plasma could be restored in three minutes, and remained fresh for about four hours.

Vancouver Canucks

The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They started to play in the NHL in 1970. They play in Vancouver, British Columbia at Rogers Arena.

The Canucks were first a team in the Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL), winning the championship in 1946 and 1948. In 1952 the PCHL changed its name to the Western Hockey League (WHL). The Canucks stayed in the WHL.

The Canucks joined the NHL in 1970. They were not a good team at first, though they won their division in 1975. Andre Boudrias was a star for the team at this time. The team made the Stanley Cup finals in 1982, which surprised many people, since they had finished below average in the regular season. Goaltender Richard Brodeur, along with forwards Stan Smyl, Thomas Gradin, and Darcy Rota, led the team. Coach Roger Neilson and some players raised white towels on top of their hockey sticks to "surrender" to the referees, who they thought were unfair (a white flag means surrender or "I give up"). After that, the fans all waved white flags during Canucks playoff games (this is called "Towel Power"). The team lost four games to zero in the finals to the New York Islanders.

In the late 1980s, players such as Toni Tanti and Petri Skriko led the team. They made the finals again in 1994, due to players such as goaltender Kirk MacLean, the "Russian Rocket" Pavel Bure (who scored the most goals in the NHL that year), Trevor Linden, and Cliff Ronning. However, they lost the series four games to three to the New York Rangers.

The Canucks did poorly in the late 1990s, but improved in the 2000s. Markus Naslund came second in scoring in 2002 and 2003, and was named the Pearson Trophy winner as players' choice for the best player in 2003. Todd Bertuzzi, Matthias Ohlund, and Ed Jovanovski were also important players who helped lead the team to the division title in 2004. However, they lost in overtime of deciding game seven to the Calgary Flames in the first round of the playoffs (just as they had done in 1989), and the Flames went to the finals (just like 1989).

The Canucks just missed the playoffs in 2006. Two of the young stars, identical twins Daniel and Henrik Sedin, along with players such as Anson Carter, were important to the team that year.

In 2011 the Canucks won the President's Trophy as they were the best team in the NHL regular season. They also made the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals, but lost to the Boston Bruins. The Bruins won the Stanley Cup. The Canucks won the President's Trophy again in 2012, but lost to the La Kings in the first round in five games.

On April 8, 2014, the Canucks fired General Manager Mike Gillis. Not too long afterward, they announced that they had hired Trevor Linden as their new General Manager.


Folding

Fold or folding could mean:


Mi Reflejo

Mi Reflejo is the second studio album and the first Spanish-language album by American singer Christina Aguilera. It was released on 2000. There are 11 songs in this album. Six of them are new songs. Five of them are from her first album "Christina Aguilera" but in Spanish.

This album was nominated Grammy Award as Best Latin Pop Album in 2001. It was the Latin Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Album.

Behavior

Behavior (or behaviour) is what an animal does and how they act. Behaviors may be conscious or unconscious. They may be inherited or learned. The term is also used for systems and for machines which interact with their environment. The term is not well-defined.

In experiments, behavior is the observed reaction which occurs when an organism is given a stimulus. Some organisms are more complicated than others and may be more aware of their surroundings. If their behavior is conscious it means that they know what they are doing. If they are not aware of what they are doing this is unconscious behavior.

Humans will pull their hand back without thinking if they accidentally touch something hot. This is done because we (and other animals) inherit nervous system reflexes which cause us to pull away from the thing that is causing the pain.

Behavior is linked to the nervous system as well as the endocrine system. The nervous system reacts, and notices what happens. The hormone system is much slower. It makes some kinds of behavior more, or less, likely. A simple example is the change from being a child to an adult. This involves a whole range of hormones which affect growth and behavior.

Behavior is also linked to learning. Organisms which are more complicated can learn better than those that are simpler. However, even the simplest animals show habituation, which is a primitive kind of learning. For organisms, learning means that they change their behavior because they remember having been in that situation before and know how to react.

People often use the word "behavior" to mean the way people interact with (behave towards) one another. Children are taught what is good behavior and what is bad behavior. Good behavior is about being polite and thoughtful to other people. It is the kind of behavior that people in a society expect from others.


Ankle

In anatomy, the ankle is the joint that links the foot to the leg.

Tangsudo

Tangsudo, dangsudo or tang soo do () is a Korean martial art. It is considered as Korean karate.

The name "tangsudo" means "the way of Chinese hands". In the Korean peninsula several schools of martial arts had been prohibited by Japanese invaders for 35 years, and they went out from secret at the end of the Second World War. They were known as schools of tangsudo. In the modern Korea, the first school of tangsudo was Chungdokwan, founded in 1944 by the master WonKukLee. As a result of the liberation of Korean nation, which was happened 15th August 1945, other four schools were opened: Mudokkwan, Songmukwan, Chidokwan, and Changmukwan. Other schools ("kwan") were added to the list after the end of the civil war between north and south (1950-1953). In December 1955, with the approval of the president of Republic of South Korea, Singman Rhee, a meeting of the founders of the main schools was called. The intention of this meeting was to unify the different schools and to give the name and the form to the national martial art. The name should be related neither with China, nor with Japan ("tangsu"="Chinese hands" and its Japanese pronunciation is "karate").

Among a lot of already postulated names there was "Taekwondo", proposed by a General named Choi Hong Hee. In 1961 the "Korean Association of Taesudo" rises. Mudukkwan of Hwang Kee and Ydokwan of Byong Yun Kwei remained anchored to the tradition. The new organization dismembered the technical inheritance of the old tangsudo in 1962. The sporting combat with the use of jumps, kicks and fists formed taesudo briefly; the techniques of personal defense with the use of levers and throws (grappling) became "hapkido". On the other hand, the techniques of "neikung" (internal work), which control breathing, energy (Ki) and the mental concentration, became not very noticeable. In 1964 the organization changed its name once again into "Korean Association of Taekwondo". That name remain ultimate. 

In 1966, "International Taekwondo Federation" is born. Its aim was to spread out the new-born discipline in the rest of the world. Its founder is the Korean general Choi. In 1971 Taekwondo becomes national sport of South Korea for presidential decree of the president Park Chung Hee. In 1973, "World Taekwondo Federation" is born, presided by Dr Un Yong Kim. It was founded in opposition to the ITF. The ITF, after a series of continual changes, will have the support of the North Korea. Meanwhile, the WTF of Doctor Kim reaches the Olympic Games: Seoul 1988, Barcelona 1992. So, it is an official Olympic sport and no more martial art. The schools, which were faithful to tangsudo had to choose the strategy of the emigration, by installing them outside of Korea, in America, Europe, Southern Africa, etc., to maintain live and unaltered the message of the ancient, wise men of Orient.

There are many stances in the tangsudo. Some of them are basic, for example "the stance of preparation"; the others need more balance, such as "the stance on one foot" or "the stance of the crane". 

Basic techniques are simple and effective. The students learn all the basic techniques (blocks, blows, kicks) which can be found in the traditional art of tangsudo. "Dojang" (schools of the tangsudo), gives special importance to the "art", not only to fighting. The hand techniques involve, amongst others, many different fist techniques and "knife-hand" techniques. Each of them has a correct form and special practical use, and they are used in blocking and in attack. The tangsudo is the martial art which gives much attention to foot techniques and to flexibility. They are also used for both blocking and attacking. 

In the traditional method, the student has to learn the basics first of all, later he does repeatedly the fight of one step and the fight of three steps. The fight of one step teaches how to direct attention, but the fight of three steps teaches him how to move forward and to move backward, as well as how to use a distance. Together, they give the belief in student's abilities, and the student needs this belief in order to successfully block and attack in the free fight. 

The teachers give attention to the importance of the Principles and Creed of Tangsudo, the students learn discipline and respect. The self-confidence, the concentration and the control are also underlined, because they are important aspects of everyday life. 

The students do regularly the basic techniques with marching almost during every lesson. This helps them to understand the dynamics of a movement and this improves the technique by repetition. The basics teach them good balance and good stance. 

The forms are the sequences of the basic techniques. They are fixed in advance. The forms in the tangsudo are obtained from different styles of martial arts. Indeed, the majority of them is the versions of karate kata. They show the special practical use of all the basic techniques in a variety of situations. The form is considered as if the performer of the form were defending himself against many enemies. The "hyong" are arranged patterns of techniques which the students do regularly at all levels. The study of the forms increases abilities of understanding, of learning, and of remembering. Forms change the shape of the basic techniques and they teach the strategy, the tactics, the choosing of the right moment, and the balance. If the tangsudo is treated as "the art for the art", the forms are easily learned and they are similar to a kind of dance in presentation. While the student advances in ability, the "hyong" become more complicated and become the challenge. Forms are a part of the training of tangsudo which a student can easily do regularly almost anywhere. 

The fight of training gives the chance to use freely all the techniques against one or some opponents. Self-control is important. Proper choosing of the right moment, position and methods of passing through the defenses of an opponent are also exercised. Although students may use helmets, gloves and boots filled with soft material, the rule of avoiding any contact is respected. 

This exercise lets the person who is being trained practice techniques of self-defence against a known attack in a controlled way. The aim is the development of responses to certain situation without conscious thought. This allows to learn correct distance and choosing of the right moment, which are two factors of deciding importance in a real fight. This also gives self-confidence and control. This is a way of practising that is very controlled, safe, and without contact. 

The free fight allows make continuous use of the techniques against the other person in a controlled environment. The aim is to defend oneself in an unknown situation. Attention is given to safety at all times. According to the traditional method, the student need not hit a heavy bag to increase the power of his blows and to prepare himself for free fight. That is because the students uses of control, not contact. The students stop their blows close to the target. Therefore, if in a real fight they decide to hit the target, they can do it easily. 

According to the traditional theory, if the student makes contact constantly, it will be difficult to control his actions when he needs. But if he always makes continuous use of control, he can easily hit when he needs. If the student constantly makes contact during free fight, his mind will become wild. But if the student makes continuous use of controlled fight, his mind will become more controlled. Both states of mind can spread over his life outside of class. Because full contact is not allowed, the students have no need to use strong protectors (things that protect). Using boxing gloves and thick feet protectors leads them to hit strongly. And when they hit while wearing such things, they does not feel whether their technique is correct. In order to avoid this problem, the traditional masters should make a choice the light protectors of fists and of insteps. They suffice to prevent injury when the contact accidentally occurs. 

According to the modern method, the free fight is similar to fights in kickboxing. The students use boxing gloves, protectors of the feet, and protectors of the head. 

Whether free fight is aimed at competition or at fight on the street, the student should make a great effort to improve his endurance (power of enduring). That is a reason that the student needs to have good basics and good skills of the fight of one step and of three steps; they develop the student's endurance. It will not happen immediately; usually two or three months are necessary in order to develop the endurance. The important part of it is proper breathing. The student has to breathe at the right time when he hits or he blocks. If he stops his breath when he does an action, he can still do the action, but he will become gradually tired as time passes. Finally he will lose his ability to continue. On the other hand, each time he breathes in and breathes out correctly, he extends the amount of time when he can continue to fight. 

Training of self-defence teaches a student how to defend himself against grabs, holds and locks. It also contains how to deal with situations where it is necessary to defend oneself without causing permanent physical wound to his attacker and how to use pressure points. "Jayu-daeryeon" is perfect in order to improve the self-defence ability. The student can combine any techniques: kicks, punches, blows to feet (sweeps), takedowns and overthrows. 

Breaking of the boards is a favorite occupation of many students and spectators. Breaking shows the level of the students' techniques and it helps them understand what effect their techniques can have on a target. It is used during tests of movement to a higher rank and attention is given to safety at all times. This occupation teaches to focus the mind and to direct attention correctly towards the technique. This also helps the students to pass their barriers of the mind, and improves their belief in their abilities.


Annie Hall

Annie Hall is a 1977 American romantic comedy movie from United Artists. Woody Allen directed and stars in it. At first it was called "Anhedonia", then "It Had To Be Jew", but these titles would not sell the movie. "Annie Hall" has been considered a biography of Allen's real life, but the actor has denied this claim.

The movie takes place in New York City and the latter half in Los Angeles, California. It tells the story of Alvy Singer, a comedian from Brooklyn, who is obsessed with death. He has an affair with the title character, Annie Hall (played by Diane Keaton) and the two embark on a romance. He encourages Annie to further her career as a nightclub singer.

Alvy recalls how his Brooklyn house was below a roller coaster on Coney Island. His father was the owner of a place that had bumper cars, something that reflected the marriage between Alvy's father and Alvy's mother. 

Throughout the film, many flashbacks are included, often humourously; however, when Alvy recalls his times with Annie, the comedic mood turns nostalgic and Alvy is left wondering what could have happened differently if his insecurities were not in the way.

Alvy asks Annie to marry him after they split. She tells him no, as she wants to stay friends.

"Annie Hall" is noted for its use of special elements such as double exposure (two pictures in one) and magic themes in a real setting.

There is an animated scene with a cartoon version of Allen, and the Witch from Disney's "Snow White".

The movie won four Academy Awards:

Allen was nominated for Best Actor.

The movie won one Golden Globe Award, for Best Actress in Musical or Comedy (Diane Keaton). It was nominated for three more: Best Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy), Best Director (Woody Allen), and Best Actor in Musical or Comedy (Woody Allen). The film also won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

It has been called one of the best comedy movies of all time. It has appeared on IMDb's Top 250 List, and was number thirty on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. In 1992, it was selected to keep in the United States National Film Registry.

Many of today's romantic comedy movies have been influenced by "Annie Hall". The tie that was worn by Keaton's character was popular at the time of the movie's release.

Christopher Walken, who would later become more famous, had a role as the title character's brother.


Hayao Miyazaki

His company made the animated movies "Spirited Away" (2001), "My Neighbor Totoro" (1988), "Kiki's Delivery Service" (1989), "Porco Rosso" (1992) and "Princess Mononoke" (1997).

His company is named Studio Ghibli. In 2001, he won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature for "Spirited Away". It was the first anime to win the award in that category.

During a press conference at Italy's Venice Film Festival, he announced that he was going to retire from the production of feature-length films.

Miyazaki announced his retirement on September 2, 2013.



Gasoline

Gasoline , or petrol , is a toxic, clear liquid that is mostly used as a fuel in internal combustion engines. 

More precisely, used as a fuel for spark-ignited internal combustion engines. 

It is made by boiling petroleum, a fossil fuel. In a distillation process, petroleum is heated to a very high temperature, then it separates into its components, one of them is gasoline. This is an expensive process. It is made mostly of octane (CH), a hydrocarbon.

Gasoline is sold at gas stations (petrol stations). In order to burn properly in high-compression internal combustion engines, each brand of gasoline includes gasoline additives. So, the exact make up of gasoline is different at different stations. Gasoline is graded by its octane rating that measures how well it will burn. Most car engines can burn "regular" gasoline which has an octane rating of 87. Precision-made engines require or prefer "premium" gasoline with an octane rating of 93. Most stations offer three different mixtures of gasoline with three separate octane ratings and prices.
Gasoline is most often used in vehicles like cars, vans, etc. Gasoline can be used in a wide variety of other things that we use every day, such as lawnmowers, leaf blowers, and small boat motors. Some larger vehicles like trucks or ships may use diesel fuel instead of gasoline. 

Gasoline is very dangerous. It can explode when an electric spark lights it. It is also harmful if a human drinks it or if it gets on the skin. It hurts the environment and human health by creating poisonous gases such as carbon monoxide. If a gasoline engine is used indoors or in a closed space, the carbon monoxide can cause death in minutes. Many people die every year from using gasoline-powered generators indoors, or leaving vehicles running inside a garage. 

The US accounts for about 44% of the world’s gasoline consumption. In 2003 The US consumed , which equates to 1.3 gigalitres of gasoline each day (about 360 million US or 300 million imperial gallons). The US used about 510 billion litres (138 billion US gal/115 billion imp gal) of gasoline in 2006, of which 5.6% was mid-grade and 9.5% was premium grade.

Unlike the US, countries in Europe impose substantial taxes on fuels such as gasoline. For example, price for gasoline in Europe is more than twice that in the US.
Because of the low fuel taxes, the retail price of gasoline in the US is subject to greater changes (than outside the US) when calculated as a percentage of cost-per-unit. From 1998 to 2004, the price of gasoline was between $1 and $2 USD per U.S. gallon. After 2004, the price increased until the average gas price reached a high of $4.11 per U.S. gallon in mid-2008, then dropped approximately $2.60 per U.S. gallon as of September 2009. Recently, the U.S. has experienced an upswing in gas prices of 13.51% from Jan 31st to March 7, 2011.

Most consumer goods have posted prices that exclude tax; taxes are added based on a percentage of the purchase price. Because of primitive gasoline pumps in the 1920s, United States gasoline prices are posted with taxes included and the taxes are set on cents per gallon. Taxes are added by federal, state and local governments. (These taxes collect the cost of maintaining the roads.) As of 2009, the federal tax is 18.4¢ per gallon for gasoline and 24.4¢ per gallon for diesel (excluding red diesel). Among states, the highest gasoline tax rates, as of January 2011, are California (47.7¢/gal), New York (47.3¢/gal), Hawaii (45.8¢/gal), and Connecticut (45.2¢/gal). The federal government and many states fail to increase their gasoline taxes over time with inflation. However, some states also charge a sales tax as a percentage and vary in amount depending on the cost of the gasoline.

About 9% of all gasoline sold in the US in May 2009 was premium grade, according to the Energy Information Administration. Some car manufacturers "recommend" premium gasoline but have computer-controlled engines that adjust the timing to avoid knocking. So, most cars can burn regular grade gasoline but at a slightly reduced performance. The Associated Press said premium gas–which is a higher octane and costs several cents a gallon more than regular unleaded–should be used only if the manufacturer says it is “required”.

To reduce the use of imported oil, the US uses Gasohol (10% ethanol) and E85 (85% ethanol) ethanol/gasoline mixtures.

Brazil has the largest national fuel ethanol industry. Gasoline sold in Brazil contains at least 25% anhydrous ethanol. Hydrous ethanol (about 95% ethanol and 5% water) can be used as fuel in more than 90% of new cars sold in the country. Brazilian ethanol is produced from sugar cane and noted for high carbon sequestration.

Tropical cyclone

A tropical cyclone is a circular air movement that starts over the warm ocean waters in the warm part of Earth near the Equator. Most tropical cyclones create fast winds and heavy rain. While some tropical cyclones stay out in the sea, others pass over land. They can be dangerous because of flooding and because the winds pick up objects, including things as big as small boats. Tropical cyclones can throw these things at high speeds.

Tropical cyclones, hurricanes or typhoons form when convection causes warm, moist air above the ocean to rise. They begin as a group of storms when the water gets as hot as 80 °F (27 °C) or hotter. The Coriolis effect made by the Earth's rotation causes the winds to rotate. Warm air rises quickly. Tropical cyclones usually move westward in the tropics, and can later move north or south into the temperate zone. The "eye of the storm" is the center. It has little rain or wind. The eye wall has the heaviest rain and the fastest winds. It is surrounded by rain bands which also have fast winds. 

Tropical cyclones are powered by warm, humid ocean air. When they go onto land, they weaken. They die when they spend a long time over land or cool ocean water.

The term "tropical cyclone" is a summary term. In various places tropical cyclones have other local names such as "hurricane" and "typhoon". A tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean is called a hurricane. The word hurricane is also used for those that form in the eastern, central and northern Pacific. In the western Pacific a tropical cyclone is called a typhoon. In the Indian Ocean it is called a "cyclone". 

Tropical cyclones are usually given names because it helps in forecasting, locating, and reporting. They are named once they have steady winds of 62 km/h. Committees of the World Meteorological Organization pick names. Once named, a cyclone is usually not renamed.

For several hundred years hurricanes were named after saints. In 1887, Australian meteorologist Clement Wragge began giving women's names to tropical cyclones. He thought of history and mythology for names. When he used men's names, they were usually of politicians he hated. By World War II cyclone names were based on the phonetic alphabet (Able, Baker, Charlie). In 1953 the United States stopped using phonetic names and began using female names for these storms. This ended in 1978 when both male and female names were used for Pacific storms. In 1979 this practice was added for hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.

In the past these storms sank many ships. Better weather forecasting in the 20th century helped most ships avoid them. When tropical cyclones reach land, they may break things. Sometimes they kill people and destroy cities. In the last 200 years, about 1.5 million people have been killed by tropical cyclones.

Wind can cause up to 83% of the total damages of a storm. Broken wreckage from destroyed objects can become deadly flying pieces. Flooding can also occur when a lot of rain falls and/or when storm surges push water onto the land.

There is a possibility of "indirect" deaths "after" a tropical cyclone passes. For example, New Orleans, Louisiana suffered from poor health conditions after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005.

Tropical cyclones are classified into different categories by their strength and location. The National Hurricane Center, which observes hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean and Eastern and Central Pacific Ocean, classifies them using the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

Tropical cyclones in other places such as the Western Pacific Ocean or the Southern Hemisphere are classified on scales that are quite a bit like the Saffir-Simpson Scale. For example; if a tropical storm in the western Pacific reaches hurricane-strength winds, it is then officially called a "typhoon".

A tropical depression is an organized group of clouds and thunderstorms with a clear circulation in air near the ocean and maximum continuing winds of less than 17 m/s (33 kt, 38 mph, or 62 km/h). It has no eye and does not usually have the spiral shape that more powerful storms have. Only the Philippines are known to name tropical depressions.

A tropical storm is an organized system of strong thunderstorms with a very clear surface circulation and continuing winds between 17 and 32 m/s (34–63 kt, 39–73 mph, or 62–117 km/h). At this point, the cyclonic shape starts to form, although an eye does not usually appear in tropical storms. Most tropical cyclone agencies start naming cyclonic storms at this level, except for the Philippines which has its own way of naming cyclones.

A hurricane or typhoon or a cyclone is a large cyclonic weather system with continuing winds of at least 33 m/s (64 kt, 74 mph, or 118 km/h). A tropical cyclone with this wind speed usually develops an eye, which is an area of calm conditions at the center of its circulation. The eye is often seen from space as a small, round, cloud-free spot. Around the eye is the eye wall, an area where the strongest thunderstorms and winds spin around the storm's center. The fastest possible continuing wind speed found in tropical cyclones is thought to be around 85 m/s (165 kt, 190 mph, 305 km/h).


Aymara language

The Aymara language is spoken by the Aymara tribe in Bolivia, Peru, and north of Chile. In Chile, only a third of thribe say that they speak it well. An inflected language, it is one of the few Native American languages that has over one million speakers.


Michelle Bachelet

Verónica Michelle Bachelet Jeria AC (; born 29 September 1951) is a Chilean politician. She served as the President of Chile from 11 March 2014 to 11 March 2018. She was also President of Chile from 11 March 2006 to 11 March 2010. She was the first woman president of Chile.

In 2010, Bachelet became the president of UN Women. In 2013, she resigned from that position.

Bachelet is a socialist. Her father was general Alberto Bachelet (1923–1974) and her mother was archaeologist Ángela Jeria (1926–2020).

In 2018, Bachelet became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.

She was named after the French actress Michèle Morgan.

Zhou

Zhou is a Chinese name that refers to:

It is also the Chinese word for "U. S. state".

Zhou (周) is also a common Chinese surname. Famous people with that name include:

Politician

A politician (from Classical Greek πόλις, "polis") can be anyone who seeks to get power in any bureaucratic institution. It is most used for a person active in party politics, or a person holding or seeking office in government. In democratic countries, politicians seek elective positions within a government through elections or, at times, temporary appointment to replace politicians who have died, resigned or have been otherwise removed from office. In non-democratic countries, they employ other means of reaching power through appointment, bribery, revolutions and intrigues. 

Some politicians are experienced in the art or science of government. Politicians propose, support and create laws or policies that govern the land and, by extension, its people. The word politician is sometimes replaced with the word statesman. 

Politicians have always used language, as in speeches or campaign advertisements. They use common themes to develop their political positions in terms familiar to the voters. Politicians become experts at using the media With the rise of mass media in the 19th century they made heavy use of newspapers, magazines, and pamphlets, as well as posters. The 20th century brought radio and television, and television commercials became the single most expensive part of an election campaign. In the 21st century, they have become increasingly involved with social media based on the Internet and smartphones.



Sendero Luminoso

Sendero Luminoso, (English: Shining Path, official complete name: Partido Comunista del Perú-Sendero Luminoso, PCP-SL), is a Peruvian Maoist group which is based on communist ideology. Their leader, Abimael Guzmán, and several important members of the group were captured on September 12, 1992. Since then, the group has not been as powerful.

In a try to take over the country into a new political model, "Sendero Luminoso" started making terrorist attacks, mainly in Ayacucho and Puno cities, in the night. The group used terrorist things for kill people such as bombs in cars, fire on houses and more. There was (ish) more than 60,000 killed and vanished people by Sendero Luminoso.
Before the Abimael Guzmán's capture in 1992, Sendero Luminoso stopped working, but is still in the "VRAEM" (spanish: Valle de los ríos Apurímac, Ere y Mantaro), also known as the "drug's valley", by their big number of drugs there.





12 days later, the Peruvian government starts an operation to save the workers, called "Freedom Operation" with 24 special forces people. Sendero Luminoso attacks the helicopter drived by the special forces people. The co-pilot dies by the attack.

2 days then, the 36 workers were liberated. The workers go back to Kiteni province, and they get help from the local police. Then 2 police leaders die and 10 militars were injured.

1 day more, the on that day president Ollanta Humala meet the workers for ask they information about the kidnappers. Three days later, the head Martín Quispe Palomino tell to periodists that he was the author of the kidnap, then marked as false with the apparition of Luis Astuquillca the day n° 29.





Fat

Fat is one of the three main types of macronutrients. Fats are found in many foods. They are made of macromolecules called lipids. Lipids are based on long-chain fatty acids. Some of these are essential because the body cannot make them.

There are three different types of fats: Unsaturated fats, Saturated fats, and Trans fats.

Unsaturated fats are liquid at room temperature. They are considered useful fats because they can improve blood cholesterol levels, and ease heart rhythms. Most vegetable oils are liquid at room temperature and have unsaturated fats. There are two kinds of unsaturated fats, Mono-unsaturated fats, and polyunsaturated fats. It is commonly found in avocados, nuts, peanuts, seeds, wild fish, and olive oil. For polyunsaturated fats, it is recommended to have an omega-3 to omega-6 ratio of 1:1.
Saturated fats will likely have no benefits. They are mainly found in animal foods, but a few plant foods are also high in saturated fats. Too much saturated fat in your diet can lead to heart disease and other health problems, such as gaining weight or increasing the risk of heart disease or stroke. People should not eat too much saturated fats. You should limit saturated fat to less than 10% of your daily calories. It can usually be found in dairy products, meat products, and grain-based desserts.

Trans fatty acids are commonly called trans fats. They are a kind of unsaturated fat. Trans fats may be natural or they may be made. Naturally-occurring trans fats are found in the guts of some animals and foods which are made from these animals. Artificial trans fats are made in an industrial process. The process adds hydrogen to liquid vegetable oils to make them more solid. Trans fats are worse for cholesterol levels than saturated fats. They are most likely found in frying, baked goods, and processed foods.

Fats are used to absorb or get nutrients, like Fat-soluble Vitamins for humans. They are used as a source of backup energy in cases when carbohydrates are not available, or people can not use it at that time. People need more than 20 to 35% of daily calories from fat. Also, fats play a role in helping people's body maintain or keep the core (center) temperature. However, too much fat or the wrong kinds are also harmful, in other words, fats can have bad effects on human's bodies.

Bad fats, in other words, trans fats, have no known health benefits and will damage someone's heart and take them away from healthy. People might get diseases like blindness, which means they can not see anything because of having too much cholesterol and other fats. Most of the foods that contain these types of fats are solid at room temperature, such as butter and animal meat. On the other hand, good fats are naturally found in foods and will not damage the human's organs. The example foods of good fats are avocados, eggs, and nuts.

Unsaturated fatty acids are very important. They are called by where their double bond is placed. Omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3) and omega-6 fatty acids (ω-6) are essential: you need them both. They help build longer molecules which do cell signaling in different tissues. There are over 20 different signaling paths that control a wide array of bodily functions.

Why do you need to eat fat to burn fat?

Medium-chain triglycerides are good for burning fat. They are easily absorbed, digested, and reused as energy. Eating milk fat, palm oil, and coconut oil will burn fat because they contain medium-chain triglycerides.
Fat can be important for people, but too much fat is bad. The fat we eat can provide energy for us. Not all fatty foods are good for you, such as pizza, french fries, and hamburgers. The fat from those may cause you became fatter, and your health may become terrible.

Fats also provide long-term energy for humans and, in cold climates, a layer of insulation to keep the body warm. They help the body use the vitamins found in foods. Fats are also good for the skin and hair. Olive oil is an especially healthy fat. Many types of fish also contain healthy fat, for example salmon, sardines, herring, and tuna. But if too much fat collects in the body, a person can become too heavy. The energy given by fats is used by moving around or exercising. Some vegetables like celery or carrots contribute much less to the bodies fat supply. Though being very important for the human body, it can also be harmful in large amounts.

Too much fat (especially Trans fats) in the body can cause diseases. Indeed, obesity, meaning too much fat, is sometimes called a disease itself. One disease from excess fat is called "fatty liver". It is a condition which can be resolved by eating different foods. Fatty liver is when someone has too many fats in their liver, but it can also be associated by alcohol or metabolic syndrome. Fatty liver can be fixed by exercise and better diet. This is one of the hidden danger of fats.

Another hidden danger of fats is that it can cause some heart diseases. One example is Heart Failure. Heart Failure is an illness that does not have enough heart pumps blood. It lowers the leading of blood flow.The main ways to avoid these issues are exercise and good eating. Exercise reduces excess body fat and strengthens the body. Healthy diet keeps nutritious balance in your body and helps remove the fats in your body.

Saturated fat

Saturated fat is a kind of fat. It has no double bonds. It has carbon atoms that are fully saturated with hydrogen. Saturated fats are usually solid at room temperature. They have no double bonds, while unsaturated fat has one or two. Due to no double bonds, their oxidation process is slow.

Is saturated fat a risk factor for heart disease (CVD)? This is a question with many controversial views. Although most in the mainstream heart-health, government, and medical communities hold that saturated fat is a risk factor for CVD, some recent studies have produced conflicting results.

For a long time scientists have believed that eating saturated fat was a leading cause for heart attack, cancer, or other diseases. However, new research have shown that there is no connection between how much saturated fat you eat and heart diseases. This is still a controversial question.

Things like butter, coconut, lard and meat have lots of saturated fat.

Saturated means that it holds all the hydrogen atoms that it can, meaning that all of the carbon (c) atoms have two hydrogen (H) atoms attached to it. 




Mackinac Bridge

The Mackinac Bridge is a suspension bridge in the U.S. state of Michigan. It connects that state's Upper Peninsula and Lower Peninsula. The bridge is long. It carries a four-lane interstate highway, Interstate 75. It was built by the state of Michigan.

The Mackinac Bridge passes over a strait of water that connects two Great Lakes, Lake Michigan (to the west of the bridge) and Lake Huron (to the east). 

At the center of the Mackinac Bridge is a long suspension span. The bridge, made of steel and concrete, hangs from wires that run down from two huge, curved cables.

The government agency that runs the Mackinac Bridge charges motor vehicles a toll to drive over it. In 2020, the toll was $4.00 for an automobile.

The government hangs colored lights from the big cable. The lights come on at night so that the bridge can be seen from many miles away.

The Mackinac Bridge was opened in 1957. This started a major economic boom in northern Michigan as tourists drove from all over North America to see the bridge, the Great Lakes, and the northern forests.

Unsaturated fat

Unsaturated fat is a kind of fat. It is different from saturated fat in that it is liquid at room temperature while saturated fat is more solid. Its molecules contains double bonds whose carbon atoms that are not fully saturated with hydrogen. There are two types: 
In cellular metabolism, an unsaturated fat molecule contains somewhat less energy (that is fewer calories) than the saturated fat molecule of the same length.

Examples of unsaturated fats are palmitoleic acid, oleic acid, myristoleic acid, linoleic acid, and arachidonic acid. Foods containing unsaturated fats include avocado, nuts, and vegetable oils such as canola and olive oils. Meat products contain both saturated and unsaturated fats.

Unsaturated fat is better for people than saturated fat. Some testing has shown that it can raise a person's HDL ("good" cholesterol) levels.
Unsaturated fat is also very important for a healthy brain.

People think that unsaturated fats are 'healthier' than saturated fats. The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recommended that the amount of unsaturated fat consumed should not exceed 30% of one's daily caloric intake (or 67 grams given a 2000 Calorie diet). The new dietary guidelines have got rid of this recommendation at the request of the meat and dairy industries.

Most foods contain both unsaturated and saturated fats. Food packages promote only one or the other, depending on which is the largest share in the product. Various unsaturated fat vegetable oils, such as olive oils, also contain saturated fat.

Cold fusion

Cold fusion is nuclear fusion at room temperature and normal pressure. Nuclear fusion is how many nuclei, the center of an atom, containing protons and neutrons, are forced together to form a heavier nucleus (singular of nuclei) and during that process, energy is released. Some scientists hope that this may be Earth's future energy source, but most scientists do not agree.

For nuclear fusion to take place, a large amount of energy is needed. With this energy, the atoms are pushed together, which are repelled by the electrostatic force (a force between protons which are particles in the nucleus of the atom and have a positive electrical charge). But once this force is overcome and the nuclei are pushed close enough together, another much more powerful force will take over: the strong nuclear force. It only operates at short distances, so when the nuclei are close enough, they attract each other because of the strong nuclear force which is stronger than the electrostatic force. It is hoped that the energy released by cold fusion is much greater than the energy used to push the atoms together.

In 1989 two scientists, Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischmann, published a paper in "Nature", a reputable science journal, claiming to have created cold fusion. This was a very important story at the time. Other scientists were not able to repeat their experiments. This is why cold fusion is not generally accepted by scientists at the moment. Several dozen scientists are still working on cold fusion research. They publish in peer-reviewed journals and other academic sources regularly, but most are not convinced.

At the time, Cold fusion caused a large disruption in the scientific community, culminating on May 1st 1989 at a session of the American Physical Society where some scientists who unable to reproduce the original results successfully cast Cold fusion out of main stream science.


Cusco

Cusco is a city in southeastern Peru, near the Huatanay Valley (Sacred Valley) in the Andes mountain range. It is the capital of Cusco Region. The city has a population of about 300 000, triple the population it had just 20 years ago. Alternate spellings include Qusqu (in old Quechua), Cusco, (after the Spanish arrived), and current Quechua. Cusco is the preferred way to spell it in Spanish.

Cusco was the capital of Tahuantinsuyu (or Inca Empire). The city was planned to be shaped like a puma. The city had two areas: the "hurin" and "hanan", which were further divided to each be part of two of the four provinces of the Inca Empire: Chinchasuyu (NW), Antisuyu (NE), Cuntisuyu (SW), and Collasuyu (SE).

A road led from each of these quarters to the corresponding quarter of the empire. Each local leader was required to build a house in the city and live part of the year in Cusco, but only in the quarter of Cusco that corresponded to the quarter of the empire he had territory in.

According to Inca legend, the city was built by Sapa Inca Pachacuti, the man who transformed the Kingdom of Cusco from a sleepy city-state into the vast empire of Tahuantinsuyu. But archaeological evidence points to a slower, more organic growth of the city beginning before Pachacutieven though he did initiate growth in the city after defeating the Chancas as a monument to Incan glory. There was however a city plan, and two rivers were changed to flow around the city.

The first Spanish soldiers arrived in the city on November 15, 1533. Spanish "conquistador", or "conqueror", Francisco Pizarro, however, officially refounded Cusco on March 23, 1534, naming it the "Very noble and great city of Cusco". The many buildings constructed after the Spanish conquest have Spanish influence with a mix of Inca architecture. The Spanish made a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing Incan temples with churches and palaces for the Spanish. In the colony, the city of Cusco was very rich, thanks to the agriculture, cattle raising, mining and trade with Spain. Many churches and convents were built, and even a Cathedral, and the Universidad Nacional San Antonio Abad del Cusco.
The major earthquake that hit Cusco in 1950 badly destroyed the Dominican Priory and Church of Santo Domingo, which were built on top of the impressive Koricancha (Temple of the Sun). The city's Inca architecture, however, survived the earthquake. Many of the old Inca walls were thought to have been lost after the earthquake, but the granite walls of the Koricancha were exposed, as well as many walls throughout the city. While some wanted to restore the buildings to their colonial splendor, some of Cusco citizens urged city officials to retain the exposed walls. Eventually they won out and now tourists from around the world enjoy looking at these ruins within the living city. The 1950 earthquake was the second time that the Dominican Priory had been destroyed, the first being in 1650 when another major earthquake struck Cusco.

Other nearby Inca sites are: Pachacuti's presumed winter home Machu Picchu, which can be reached by a lightly maintained Inca trail; the "fortress" at Ollantaytambo; and the "fortress" of Sacsayhuaman which is approximately two kilometers from Cusco. Other less visited ruins include Inca Wasi, the highest of all Inca sites at 3,980 m (13,134 feet), and Old Vilcabamba the capital of the Inca after the Spanish took over Cusco.

The surrounding area, in the Huatanay Valley, is strong in agriculture. There is corn, barley, quinoa, tea, and coffee grown.

Cusco's main stadium, Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega, attracted many tourists during South America's continental soccer championship, the Copa América 2004, which was held in Peru.


Cusco Region

Cusco is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Cusco.

Cusco Region is home to Machu Picchu, one of the most famous landmarks in South America.

Midnight Cowboy

Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama movie, released by United Artists. John Schlesinger directed it, and Waldo Salt wrote the screenplay based on the James Leo Herlihy novel. It stars Dustin Hoffman (in his first starring role after "The Graduate"), along with Jon Voight in the title role.

It is the only X-rated movie to win an Academy Award for Best Picture. Schlesinger won a Best Director Award; both Hoffman and Voight were nominated for Best Actor.

In 1971, it was given the "R" rating by the MPAA. Apart from this, nothing was changed in the movie.

Joe Buck (played by Voight, in his first major acting role) was raised by his grandmother in Texas. She died after Joe grew up, when he was drafted into the US Army. He had a girlfriend, who was called Crazy Annie, but she had been sent to a psychiatric hospital. With both women gone from his life, Joe had no-one in his life. After he left the Army, he worked as a dishwasher, and dreamed of moving to New York City, to become a "hustler" – a male prostitute. He saved money to make the trip, bought some stylish cowboy clothes, and travels to NYC on a bus.

Joe knows little about the realities of both New York and his chosen job, and he soon finds himself homeless, with no money and only rare chances to earn any. When he first meets Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Hoffman's character), Ratso (tricks) Joe out of $20, but when they met again, Ratso offered to share his "place", which turned out to be a room in a condemned building. The two became friends. Ratso shares what he knew about New York with Joe, and became his "manager" (pimp), and Joe shares any money he makes with Ratso. Ratso is sick, probably with tuberculosis, and as time goes on he depends more and more on Joe. Ratso plans to move to Florida before winter starts.

The weather turns cold as the year ended, but Joe and Ratso got a break, when they were invited to a big party. Along with eating (and stashing for later) as much of the food there as they could, Joe meets a who finally treated him the way he had always wanted to be, in New York City, and paid him likewise. Ratso, however, became even more ill, and was unable to walk or stand for long. He refuses to go to a doctor or a hospital, and insists Joe takes him to Florida.

Joe tries to set up another encounter with the socialite, to raise travel money, but failed. He donated blood to get grocery money, and by chance meets a traveling . The salesman invites Joe to spend the night with him, but later feels guilty, and sends Joe home with a St. Christopher medal. When Joe finds Ratso sicker than ever, he returns to beat and rob the salesman, for the money they needed.

Joe and Ratso leaves for Florida on a bus, headed to Miami. Joe buys new clothes for them both, and throws away his cowboy clothing. "I ain't no kinda hustler," Joe decided, and he plans to find a regular job once they reached Florida. Joe and Ratso talk and joke during the trip, but Ratso dies before they arrived. Joe realizes how much he had cared about Ratso as a person, and that what he had missed most in his life was someone to be close with. Joe had lost his grandmother and his sweetheart. Now he had lost his best friend, and Joe is scared to go on alone.

The movie won Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Adapted Screenplay. Both Hoffman and Voight were nominated for Best Actor awards and Sylvia Miles was nominated for Best Supporting Actress. Miles had one of the shortest performances ever nominated (clocking in under four minutes of screen-time).

The film won six BAFTA Awards. It was also entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.

John Barry, who supervised the music and composed the score for the movie, won a Grammy for Best Instrumental Theme. Fred Neil's song "Everybody's Talkin'" also won a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance, for Harry Nilsson.

In 1994, the movie was picked by the Library of Congress to keep in the United States National Film Registry.


Age of consent

The age of consent is the age at which a person can legally consent to have sexual intercourse. This is also the minimum age of the other person legally permitted to engage in sexual activity. Having sex with a person who is younger than the age of consent (but who agrees to have sex) is called statutory rape. The person below the minimum age is regarded as a victim, and their sex partner as the offender. Different countries have different laws regarding the age of consent. Some are as low as 12 or as high as 21. Most countries have ages set between 14 and 16. But worldwide, the average age of consent is 16 years of age.

Most jurisdictions allow minors above a certain age to marry with parental and/or government permission. In jurisdictions which allow this, a minor who is married is an exception to the law. For example, in Wisconsin the age of consent for sex is 18. Marriage is an exception. Marriage usually prevents a party to the marriage from being charged under sexual assault laws, as long as both husband and wife are at least 16 years, although not if one of the parties is younger than this age and one is older. This varies from country to country. In some places kissing is considered a sexual activity. Other places only count sexual intercourse. Most countries have laws that say what the legal age of consent is. This is usually a fixed age. For example, in France the age of consent is set at 15, which means having sex with anyone below that age by anyone over that age is illegal. However, some jurisdictions use sexual maturity instead of age to determine capacity for consent. For example, when Russia was a part of the Soviet Union, its age of consent was having reached "sexual maturity".

There are exceptions to age of sexual consent laws. Although most jurisdictions have a fixed age set as the law, where no one over that age can be with anyone under that age, some states have close in age exceptions. For example, in Indiana the age of consent for sex is 16, but there is a close in age exception that makes it legal for a person younger than 18 but above 16 to still be able to have sex with a 14 year old without being guilty of a crime. Indiana also allows a defense against the law in court if the victim is married or was married in the past, and allows pregnant females who are 15 or older to marry the man who impregnated. This is with parental and government approval as an alternative to prosecuting the defendant.

The age of consent varies between states and countries. The laws in different areas range as low as 13 years to 20 years old. The laws are almost always affected by a nation's culture. Nations with Islamic law tend to have lower ages. European countries generally range from 14 years to 16 years. In the United States, the age varies from 16 to 18. In many areas, there is a "close-in-age" part of the laws. This allows for people under of consent but above a certain age to have sex with people as long as there older partner is either less than a certain age or the difference in age is a certain number of years. The age of consent may also vary if one of the people is in a position of authority over the other. For example, if the older person was a teacher of the victim, the age may be higher than for other people, an example of this is Indiana where the age where a person can have sex is 16 except if the older partner is a teacher at the victim's high school, in which case the age limit is 18. If the two people are married, the age is often lower. Age of consent can also be affected by the type of sex or the sex of the person. Many areas have different ages for homosexual sex as well as anal sex. There are areas which also have different ages depending on if the person is male or female.

If a person is caught having sex, or any other sexual act, with someone who is below the age of consent, the person may be punished as a sex offender. The violator may be sent to prison, or jail, or fined. In Wisconsin having sex with a person beneath 16, a felony (serious crime), carries prison time, but having sex with a minor who is 16 or over but under 18, which is a misdemeanor (a non-serious crime), carries jail time and a fine. An example of punishing age of consent violations occurred in 2011, an American swimming teacher was sent to prison for 16 months for having sex with a 15-year-old student. The law usually applies to both males and females having sex with a minor.



Andy Richter

Paul Andrew "Andy" Richter (born October 28, 1966) is an American comedian and actor. He is best known for his former role as Conan O'Brien's sidekick on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". Richter was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He is the second of four children. He was raised in Yorkville, Illinois. While attending Columbia College, Chicago, he played in several Chicago comedy groups, including the Annoyance Theatre, before getting on "Late Night".

Richter left "Late Night" in 2000. He said he wanted to focus on an acting career. His first major work was FOX's critically acclaimed but little watched "Andy Richter Controls the Universe". It was cancelled after two short runs. His next FOX sitcom, "Quintuplets", was not liked by the critics. It lasted only one season. He is married to actress Sarah Thyre. They have two children.

In addition to his television work, Richter has appeared in movies such as "Seeing Other People", Olsen Twins' "New York Minute", "Madagascar", and "Cabin Boy".

Jennifer Granholm

Jennifer Granholm (born February 5, 1959) is a Canadian born American politician. Granholm is the 16th United States Secretary of Energy since 2021 under the Joe Biden administration. She was the Governor of Michigan from 2003 to 2011. Granholm was born in Canada and raised in California. She ran for governor of Michigan in 2002, even though she had lived in the state for less than 15 years.

On December 15, 2020, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Granholm to be Secretary of Energy. Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 25, 2021 with a 64-35 vote.

Sandra Day O'Connor

Sandra Day O'Connor (March 26, 1930 – December 1, 2023) was a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. She was the first woman to serve as justice on the Supreme Court, as well as the first from Arizona.

One of her ideas on the Supreme Court was the endorsement test. It was a way to check if the government was supporting religion.

O'Connor was appointed to the Supreme Court in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan. Reagan said while running for president that he wanted a woman to be on the Supreme Court and promised to nominate a woman for the job the first chance he got. One of her biggest supporters was Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater, who helped make sure that all 100 Senators voted to confirm her. 

While on the Supreme Court, she was involved in several major Supreme Court decisions including: Bush v. Gore, which had to do with a disputed election; Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which involved a woman's right to privacy. She was also involved in Lawrence v. Texas, a case about whether burning a US flag was free speech. She retired from the court in 2006. Samuel Alito was chosen to replace her. 

On August 12, 2009, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. This is the highest civilian honor of the United States. It was given by President Barack Obama.

In October 2018, O’Connor announced her retirement from public life after revealing that she was diagnosed with the early stages of dementia.

On December 1, 2023, O'Connor died in Phoenix, Arizona from problems caused by dementia and respiratory failure, aged 93.

She has a high school named after her in North Phoenix, Arizona.



John Paul Stevens

John Paul Stevens (April 20, 1920 – July 16, 2019) was an American lawyer. He was a United States Supreme Court justice. He was nominated by President Gerald Ford in 1975. He voted with minority in Bush v. Gore case (2000). He also voted with majority in Furman v. Georgia case (1976), but later became against the death penalty. In 2010, he announced his retirement in the Supreme Court.

Stevens died on July 16, 2019 from problems caused by a stroke while under hospice care in Fort Lauderdale, Florida at the age of 99.

Antonin Scalia

Antonin Gregory Scalia (March 11, 1936 – February 13, 2016) was a Conservative jurist on the Supreme Court of the United States. He was an Associate Justice. Scalia was put on the Court in 1986 by Ronald Reagan and was the longest-serving justice on the Court. Before becoming a justice, he was on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals and was a law professor. He was a Roman Catholic born to Italian American parents. He was the first Italian-American on the Court.

Scalia was born in Trenton, New Jersey, but grew up in Queens, New York. Scalia went to Georgetown University, the University of Fribourg, Switzerland, and Harvard Law School. He began his career in Cleveland, Ohio and traveled to Chicago, Illinois during his early life.

Scalia was noted for holding a conservative approach to the law. He also believed in originalism. This means he wanted the Constitution interpreted exactly as its framers had wanted it. Scalia and fellow judge Clarence Thomas often had the same viewpoints. He was friends with justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

Scalia died in his sleep on February 13, 2016 at a ranch in Shafter, Texas at the age of 79. His death left a split in the court with 4 conservatives and 4 liberals. President Barack Obama said he would choose Scalia's successor in "due time". President Obama, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, Governor of Ohio John Kasich, former Presidents George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, Senators Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and Bernie Sanders, and Vice president Joe Biden all reacted to his death.

On March 16, 2016, President Obama nominated Merrick Garland to replace Scalia. After Republicans refused to give Garland a confirmation hearing, his nomination expired in January 2017. On January 31, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to replace Scalia. Gorsuch was sworn into office on Monday, April 10, 2017, in two ceremonies.

In November 2018, Scalia received a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Donald Trump.


Anthony Kennedy

Anthony McLeod Kennedy (born July 23, 1936) is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on November 11, 1987, and took the oath of office on February 18, 1988, serving until July 31, 2018.

Kennedy became the most senior Associate Justice on the court following the death of Antonin Scalia in February 2016. Since the retirement of Sandra Day O'Connor in 2006, he has been the swing vote on many of the Court's 5–4 decisions. He has authored the majority ruling in many of these cases, including "Lawrence v. Texas", "Boumediene v. Bush", "Citizens United v. FEC", and "Obergefell v. Hodges".

On June 27, 2018, Kennedy announced his retirement from the Supreme Court, effective July 31.

Kennedy was born in Sacramento, California, on July 23, 1936. He went to Harvard University, Stanford University, and the London School of Economics. He was a private lawyer, a professor, and in 1975, he was appointed by Gerald Ford to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. In 1988, Ronald Reagan nominated him for the Supreme Court. He became a member of the court on February 18, 1988. He has two sons and a daughter.

David Souter

David Hackett Souter (; born September 17, 1939) is a retired Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He served from October 1990 until his retirement in June 2009. Appointed by President George H. W. Bush to fill the seat left by William J. Brennan, Jr., Souter sat on both the Rehnquist and Roberts courts and came to vote reliably with the court's liberal members.

He was the only Justice during his time on the Court with court experience outside of a federal appeals court. He served as a prosecutor (1966–1968), in the New Hampshire Attorney General's office (1968–1976), as the Attorney General of New Hampshire (1976–1978), as an Associate Justice of the Superior Court of New Hampshire (1978–1983), as an Associate Justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court (1983–1990) and briefly as a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit (1990).

Following Souter's retirement announcement in May 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Sonia Sotomayor as his replacement.


Clarence Thomas

Clarence Thomas (born June 23, 1948) is the Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Thomas has been a Justice since 1991. He is the second African American to serve on the court, after Thurgood Marshall. During his confirmation process, Professor Anita Hill accused Thomas of sexual harassment. Regardless, Thomas was confirmed in October 1991.

Clarence Thomas was born in Pin Point, Georgia. His father left his family when he was only two years old. He did not meet his son Clarence again until Clarence was nine years old. This left his mother, Leola Anderson, to take care of the family.

Clarence and his brother were sent to live with his mother's parents in Savannah, Georgia. His grandfather wanted him to become a priest. Thomas was sent to St. John Vianney Minor Seminary, an all-white boarding school near Savannah. In 1968 he transferred to the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts. He gave up all ideas of becoming a priest after the death of Martin Luther King Jr.. Thomas then obtained a law degree at Yale University.

After Yale he returned to Missouri and worked for State Attorney General, John Danforth. in 1977 Danforth was elected to the U.S. Senate. Thomas became a corporate lawyer for the Monsanto Company. Two years later he became Danforth's legislative aide in Washington, D.C.. President Ronald Reagan offered Thomas a job as the assistant secretary for civil rights in the U.S. Department of Education. He then became the chairman of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Thomas was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1990 by President George H. W. Bush. In 1991, Thurgood Marshall retired from the Supreme Court. Bush nominated Thomas to replace him.

He had a hard time getting approved so that he could become a Supreme Court justice. This was partly because one of his former employees, Anita Hill, claimed that he sexually harassed her. Thomas said that was not true. The Senate confirmed his nomination by a vote of 52-48. All Republicans, except Bob Packwood of Oregon and James Jeffords of Vermont, voted for confirmation.

Stephen Breyer

Stephen Gerald Breyer (; born August 15, 1938) is an American politician, academic and lawyer. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1994. Breyer was generally associated with the more liberal side of the Court.

In January 2022, Breyer announced that he would be retiring from the Supreme Court at the end of the term. Breyer left the court on June 30, 2022 when his retirement became official. He was replaced by Ketanji Brown Jackson.

Breyer is of Jewish descent. Breyer generally supported a liberal interpretation of the law; he is pro-choice and pro-civil liberties. Breyer had the second-longest tenure as the most junior justice on the bench. Breyer was also the only justice to appear on a quiz show ("Wait Wait Don't Tell Me"). Before being a judge, he was a professor at Harvard Law School and a judge on the First Circuit Court of Appeals. Breyer is an Eagle Scout.

Ruth Bader Ginsburg

Ruth Joan Bader Ginsburg (March 15, 1933 – September 18, 2020) was an American jurist. She was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1993 until her death. She was nominated by President Bill Clinton. She was known as a feminist icon and was nicknamed "The Notorious R.B.G.".

Ginsburg died on September 18, 2020 in Washington, D.C.

Ginsburg was appointed by President Bill Clinton and took the oath of office on August 10, 1993. She was the second female justice (after Sandra Day O'Connor) and the first Jewish female justice. Ginsburg was considered a member of the more liberal side of the Supreme Court.

Ginsburg wrote notable majority opinions, including "United States v. Virginia", "Olmstead v. L.C.", and "Friends of the Earth, Inc. v. Laidlaw Environmental Services, Inc."

She was known as "The Notorious R.B.G.", in reference to the rapper known as "The Notorious B.I.G.".

When John Paul Stevens retired in 2010, Ginsburg became the oldest justice on the court at age 77.

Ginsburg had surgery for colon cancer in 1999 and for pancreatic cancer in 2009. On November 8, 2018, she was hospitalized after fracturing three ribs in a fall.

On August 24, 2019, it was revealed that Ginsburg underwent radiation treatment for pancreatic cancer over the summer. In July 2020, she announced that she had liver cancer.

On September 18, 2020, Ginsburg died from problems caused by metastatic pancreatic cancer in Washington, D.C. at the age of 87.


John Roberts

John Glover Roberts, Jr. (born January 27, 1955) is the seventeenth and current Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Appointed by President George W. Bush, Roberts is generally considered a member of the more conservative wing of the court. However, since the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, he has been seen as the moderate and tie-breaker in some major Supreme Court cases during the Presidency of Donald Trump.

Before joining the Supreme Court on September 29, 2005, Roberts was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for two years.

Roberts has been portrayed as a consistent advocate for conservative principles by analysts such as Jeffrey Toobin.

Roberts was first nominated by President George W. Bush to replace Sandra Day O'Connor as an Associate Justice, but Chief Justice William Rehnquist died before Roberts's confirmation so Bush nominated Roberts to replace Rehnquist instead. Roberts was confirmed by the full United States Senate on September 29 by a margin of 78–22.

Tacna Region

Tacna Region is the most southern region in Peru. The capital city is Tacna.

Tacna

Tacna is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Tacna Region.

Franz Kafka

Franz Kafka (born Prague July 3, 1883 – died near Vienna June 3, 1924) was a Czech-born, German-speaking writer. His best known works are "The Metamorphosis" and the novels "The Trial" and "The Castle". Not much of his work was published during his lifetime. He asked his friend to make sure that all his writings which were not published, including his three novels, would be destroyed when he died. Fortunately his friend did not destroy them, and they were published after Kafka’s death.

Kafka’s writings are about the frightening world around him which he often did not understand. A typical situation in his books might be someone who has gone somewhere to take a message, but he does not know what the message is or who it is for. The people he meets confuse him even more. Sometimes, when people find themselves in strange, nightmarish situations like this, they are described as Kafkaesque situations.

Kafka was born into a middle-class Jewish family. His father was a merchant. He was very strict and unkind to his family. Kafka’s stories often have fathers who are very brutal and unkind. Kafka spent most of his life living at home. He never married or became free from his parents. He felt that he had no will of his own. He wrote about people who are dominated by some mysterious power. He found it difficult to make friends, he hated his job and everyone around him. He often felt that he belonged nowhere. He was German-speaking but lived in a Czech-speaking country (Bohemia, part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, now part of the Czech Republic). He was different because he was Jewish, but he did not become part of the Jewish community either. He said that he was a socialist and an atheist, but although he was interested in politics he never took part in political activity. He supported Czechs who wanted to rule their own country and let their culture flourish, but he was not one of them because he himself was brought up in a German culture.

It was while he was studying law at the University of Prague that he met Max Brod who was to become his friend. Brod was a writer himself, and he later wrote a biography of Kafka.

After his studies Kafka took a job in an insurance company. He was good at his job although he hated it. He found the office work boring, and he spent his nights writing. In 1917 he got tuberculosis. Gradually he became more and more ill. He had to retire in 1922. He spent some time in hospital. He died in Klosterneuburg in 1924.

Several publishers realized how good Kafka’s writings were and asked him whether they could publish his works. Kafka reluctantly let a few things be published. One of these works was a story called "The Metamorphosis". It is about a man called Gregor Samsa (the name “Samsa” means "loner" or "lonely"). Gregor wakes up one morning to find he has changed into a giant cockroach. His family becomes ashamed of him and they stop looking after him so that he slowly dies. Stories like these are a kind of fable. They are full of strange and frightening situations.

His novel "Amerika" (published in 1927) is about a man who arrives in America looking for a father figure to protect him. He is quiet and timid and other people use him. In the end he dies. 

In "The Trial" (German: "Der Prozess", published in 1925), a man who works in a bank is arrested and taken to court. He is never told what he has done wrong. Even the priest tells him that if he asks what he has done wrong it proves that he is guilty. Finally he is executed.

In "The Castle" (German: "Das Schloss") a man who is simply called “K” (the first letter of “Kafka”) arrives at a castle saying that he has been given a job there, but the people there say they have not been told about his appointment. Kafka never finished the novel, but Max Brod says that Kafka was going to end it with K receiving permission to stay at the castle just as he was dying. The German word “Schloss” has two meanings: “castle” and “lock”. K becomes locked (trapped) in this strange situation.

At the time of his death only a few people understood Kafka’s writings. Max Brod saved all the unpublished books which would otherwise have been lost. Kafka is now thought of as one of the most important writers of the 20th century. His works had a lot of influence on German literature.


Eva Braun

Eva Anna Paula Braun (6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945) was the longtime girlfriend of Adolf Hitler. She met him in Munich when she was 17 years old. They married the day before they committed suicide (killed themselves). Braun killed herself by using cyanide. Hitler used cyanide and at the same time shot himself. When she was married, she was known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler. She was born in Munich, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany at the age of 33. Her body was burned as well as Adolf Hitler.

Computer recycling

Computer recycling means taking things from old computers and using them in new computer things. The phrase is also used to mean that computers need to be thrown away in a special way, as they often have things that are bad for the environment or dangerous inside them that can cause problems if they are thrown away like usual waste (garbage).

Sometimes people are worried that the information inside a computer will be stolen when the computer is thrown away. For example, if you have a product design on an old computer, somebody might copy your design. Big companies have a lot of computers, with a lot of private information on them. They will often pay other companies to remove all the information from a computer before it is thrown away. This usually involves physically destroying the drive. It is possible to non-destructively erase the data on a hard drive by overwriting the entire drive with random numbers. With this method, only the data is destroyed, not the drive itself. This allows the drive to be reused.

Nagasaki

Nagasaki was founded by the Portuguese in the late 16th century.

It has been recognized as a core city since 1997.

Nagasaki was founded by the Portuguese in the late 16th century. During the Edo period, Nagasaki was the only port in which trade with other countries was permitted because of the national isolation policy ("sakoku").

In the 1870s, Nagasaki became the capital city of the prefecture which evolved from the former province.

On August 9, 1945, Nagasaki was the second of two Japanese cities which were destroyed with an atomic bomb near the end of the Second World War.



Ayyavazhi

Ayyavazhi (, "path of the master"), is a Hindu denomination with one god that started in South India in the middle of the 19th century. The 'zhi' () in the word, 'Ayyavazhi', is a retroflex, ri.

Ayyavazhi is considered as a branch of Hinduism, officially. It is widespread in Tamil Nadu's southern districts of Kanyakumari, Tirunelveli, and Thoothukudi district and some parts of Kerala. As one of the fastest growing faiths of southern India, its growth had been noted in the Christian missionary reports of the mid-19th century.

The ideas and philosophy of the religion are based on the teachings of Ayya Vaikundar and the religious texts Akilattirattu Ammanai and Arul Nool. Most followers of Ayyavazhi do not regard themselves as different from Hinduism.

Ayyavazhi began to be seen firstly by the large number of people gathering to worship Ayya Vaikundar at Swamithoppe, which is at that time "poovandanthoppe". The majority of the followers of Ayyavazhi were from the poor group of the society. For the Christian missionaries it gives a big challenge in their converting mission from its beginning. Although the majority of these followers were from the Chanar cast, some sources say that a large number of people from other castes also followed this religion. 

By the middle of nineteenth century, Ayyavazhi had come to be recognised as a separate religion, grown well in the region of South Travancore and South Tirunelveli. The growth in its number of followers had increased from 1840s. After the death of Vaikundar, the religion was spread on the basis of his teachings and the religious books "Akilattirattu Ammanai" and "Arul Nool". The five Citars, who were the disciples of Ayya Vaikundar, and their descendants travelled to several parts of the country and carried the mission of Ayyavazhi. At that time the Payyan dynasty started ruling Swamithoppe pathi, while other Pathis came under the control of the followers of Ayya. Hundreds of Nizhal Thangals (places of worship) were built across the country. Currently Bala Prajapathi Adikalar, one of descendant of Payyan dynasty is said to be as the leader of Ayyavazhi. He has laid foundations for a large number of Nizhal Thangals all over South India. And now seeing the growth of the religion the day of birth of Vaikundar, Ayya Vaikunda Avataram was announced as a holiday by the government for the districts of Tirunelveli and Tuticorin in 2006 while in the district of Kanyakumari it was announced as a holiday earlier.

The holy books of Ayyavazhi are the Akilattirattu Ammanai and the Arul Nool, and they are the source of the religion's mythology. The holy book states that the "Akilattirattu Ammanai" was written down by Hari Gopalan Citar by hearing the contents of Akilam told by Narayana to his wife Lakshmi. There was no definite history about the beginning of Arul Nool; but the followers believe that it was written by Citars and by those who get possessed by divine power. It contains the prayers, hymns and ways for the worship in Ayyavazhi, religious practices, prophesies and also many rules. 

To the Ayyavazhi devotees, there are five holy places, called Pathis, with "Panchappathis" as the most important. The temple of Swamithoppepathi is the head of the Ayyavazhi religion. The Vakaippathi, where 700 families were sent to Thuvayal Thavasu by Vaikundar was approved as a Pathi in Akilam although this place has no direct association with the activities of Vaikundar. There is a big disagreement within the followers of Ayyavazhi as to the holiness of some of the places of worship. The Avatharappathi in Thiruchendur was accepted by the book "Akilam" as a Pathi, but as some of the followers believe that the place at which the present temple is located is not the exact place where Ayya Vaikundar incarnated from the sea, they disagree with the other devotees. There are also some followers which strongly quarrel Thiruchendur as a Pathi though they accept it as a secondary holy site.

Akilattirattu Ammanai

Akilathirattu Ammanai (; from "akilam" (world) + "thirattu" (collection) + "ammanai" (ballad)), also called Thiru Edu (venerable book), is the main religious book of the Southern Indian Ayyavazhi, officially a branch of Hinduism. The title is shortened as Akilam. This is the largest Ammanai work. it has more than 15,000 verses. 

According to the book, Hari Gopalan Citar wrote this book on the twenty-seventh day of the Tamil month of Karthikai (November/December) in the year 1016 ME (1839 CE). He says that God woke him up during his sleep and ordered him to take the first words from what he said. Akilathirattu was recorded on palm leaves. Then in 1939 it was printed.

The book is the story of God coming in this age, the Kali Yukam or Iron Age, to rule the world by transforming it into that of Dharma Yukam. This story of faith has woven together the historical facts about Ayya Vaikundar and his activities, with mixing of episodes from the Hindu Puranas (mythologies) and Itihasas (epics). It is presented as if Vishnu is telling the whole story to his consort Lakshmi.

Though the Citar Hari Gopalan wrote the book he did not know any thing about the contents of the book. He woke up in the morning as usual and he did not know what he had written the day before.

It contains the regulations of the Ayyavazhi sect. 

Ayya Vaikundar

Ayya Vaikundar () is a Manu (father, sovereign) avatar (the incarnation of a deity) of the Lord Narayana according to Akilattirattu Ammanai the holy book of the Ayyavazhi religion, officially a Tamil Hindu branch.

The physical human body of Ayya Vaikundar was born with the name Muthukutty. However, Muthukutty is referred to as Sampooranathevan, a deva (a deity), in the religious book Akilam. Ayya Vikundar is a combination of the spirit of Narayana, the soul of the Supreme God, Ekam (God beyond conciouseness) and the body of an ordinary human being (Muthukutty).

The Ekam as soul incarnated with the spirit of Narayana in the body of Muthukutty.

Pathi

The worship centers of Ayyavazhi are called Pathis. The activities of Vaikundar is historically joined with these Pathis. There are five Pathis:


Planck mass

The Planck mass is a small unit of mass used in physics. It is derived using an equation involving Planck's constant, the speed of light in a vacuum, and the gravitational constant. It is approximately 21.76 , which is a few times less than the mass of a human eyelash.

The idea was to have a definition based only on fundamental universal constants.

Human sexuality

Human sexuality is the ability of people to have sexual experiences and feelings. This involves biological, erotic, physical, emotional, social, or spiritual feelings and behaviors. The most common form of human sexuality is heterosexuality, but homosexuality, bisexuality and asexuality exist too. An abnormal form of sexuality is called a paraphilia, while a normal one is called a normophilia.


War and Peace

War and Peace () is a famous novel written by Leo Tolstoy, a Russian writer. It is about four families of noblemen in Russia during the wars with Napoleon, and how they deal with the war and with one another.

Tolstoy described "War and Peace" as "not a novel, even less is it a poem, and still less an historical chronicle."

The book describes Russian life in the 19th century, and also tells about Tolstoy's own idea about free will, history, and how events unfold.

There are 580 characters in "War and Peace", but these are the main characters:


Bay City, Michigan

The American city of Bay City is a small city in the state of Michigan, United States. In the 2020 census it had more than 32,000 people living in it.

Although small, Bay City is one of the largest port cities on Lake Huron, one of the North American Great Lakes. It is part of a triangle of small cities in Central Michigan. The other two cities are Saginaw, Michigan, and Midland, Michigan.

Bay City was the birthplace in 1958 of Madonna Ciccone, a well-known American singer. The Scottish Pop group Bay City Rollers are said to have gotten their name from the city as well.


Zirconium

Zirconium is a chemical elemental metal. It is a greyish-white in color. It is atomic number 40 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Zr. And it is in the family of four (4). Zirconium alloys are used as cladding for nuclear fuel rods.


Yttrium

Yttrium is a chemical elemental metal with an atomic number of 39, a chemical symbol of Y, and an atomic weight of 88.905(abridged). It is classified as a transition metal. It is atomic number 39 which means it has 39 protons in an atom. It is silvery-white, solid at room temperature, and tends to form crystals. In chunk form, it is unreactive in air, but powdered yttrium may burn at 400 degrees Celsius. It has several uses, which include lasers, TV's, and metallurgy. It is a transition metal, and along with terbium, erbium, and ytterbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements.

Windows 98

Windows 98 is an operating system for computers. Released on June 25, 1998 by Microsoft, it is the successor of Windows 95. It came before Windows Me. Support for Windows 98 ended on July 11, 2006.

Windows 98 was seen by many as a small upgrade to Windows 95, rather than a rebuilt version of Windows. The biggest changes were:

Because Microsoft made Internet Explorer such an important part of Windows 98, the company was taken to court by the United States government. This was because they felt it was unfair to other companies who made web browsers.

It is not supported anymore, but many people still use it on older computers that will not run Windows XP or later versions of Windows.

Before the release of Windows 98, there was a press demonstration at Comdex in April 1998. Microsoft CEO Bill Gates was highlighting the operating system's ease of use and enhanced support for Plug and Play (PnP). When presentation assistant Chris Capossela plugged a scanner in and attempted to install it, Windows 98 displayed a Blue Screen of Death. Gates remarked after applause and cheering from the audience, "That must be why we're not shipping Windows 98 yet." Video footage of this event became a popular Internet phenomenon.

Windows 98 Second Edition (SE) was released in 1999. This was an official upgrade to Windows 98 which allowed people to use more types of computer hardware, like monitors and printers, and also let more than one machine on a network use the same Internet connection.


Waste

Waste (or wastes) are unwanted or unusable materials. Waste is any substance that is discarded after primary use or is worthless, defective, and of no use.

It may be no longer useful as it has served its purpose, and at the end of the process have no further use, and is generally discarded. It is unwanted material that people have thrown away. It is often also called trash, "garbage", "rubbish", or junk. It can be solid, liquid, or gas, or it can be waste heat. There are many different kinds of waste. Garbage is the waste we produce daily in our homes, including old or unwanted food, chemical substances, paper, broken furniture, used containers, and other things.

When waste is a liquid or gas, it can be called an emission. This is usually pollution. Sanitation is the proper handling of human waste.

Waste can also be something abstract (something that you cannot touch), for example, "a waste of time" or "wasted opportunities". When people use the words "waste" or "wasted" in this way, they are saying (directly or indirectly) that something has been used badly (using too much of it or using it incorrectly).

Waste management or waste disposal is the process and actions that we take to manage waste from it start point to when we finally throw or dispose them away. This process includes collection, transport, treatment and disposal of waste, together with monitoring of the waste management process and waste related laws, technologies and economic mechanisms.

Waste management deals with all types of waste, which include industrial, biological, household, municipal, organic, biomedical, radioactive wastes. Waste poses threats to human health. Health issues are linked with the entire process of waste management. Health issues can also arise indirectly or directly: directly through the handling of solid and liquid wastes, and indirectly through the consumption of water, soil, breathing, and food.

The purpose of waste management is to reduce the dangerous effects of such waste on the environment and human health. A big part of waste management deals with municipal solid wasted, which is created by industrial, commercial, and household activity. Waste management are not the same across every country (developed and developing nations); regions (urban and rural areas) and residential and industrial sectors can all take different methods.

People have thrown away waste in heaps for thousands of years. In modern homes and businesses, garbage is normally placed in waste containers of some sort. It is then moved to the streets, where it can be collected and taken to a place designed to hold, destroy, or recycle garbage. Some waste materials, such as paper, wood, glass, metals, and plastic containers, can be recycled (reused). Materials that cannot be recycled are either burned ("incinerated") or heaped into landfills.

Plant matter, such as fruit and vegetable scraps, is biodegradable. It can usually be heaped into a compost, where it will decompose relatively quickly. This kind of waste is often called "wet" or "green" waste.

Very often, waste is not collected in containers. It may instead be thrown onto the ground or dumped somewhere. This is called "".

Effective 'Waste Management' involves the practice of '7R' - 'R'efuse, 'R'educe', 'R'euse, 'R'epair, 'R'epurpose, 'R'ecycle and 'R'ecover. Amongst these '7R's, the first two ('Refuse' and 'Reduce') relates to the non-creation of waste - by refusing to buy non-essential products and by reducing consumption. The next two ('Reuse' and 'Repair') refers to increasing the usage of the existing product, with or without the substitution of certain parts of the product. 'Repurpose' and 'Recycle' involves maximum usage of the materials used in the product. And 'Recover' is the least preferred and least efficient waste management practice involving the recovery of embedded energy in the waste material. For example, burning the waste to produce heat (and electricity from heat). Certain non-bio-degradable products are also dumped away as 'Disposal', and this is not a "waste-'management'" practice.


A description about the different sources of waste including classification of waste.

1096

Year 1096 (MXCVI) was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


1098

Year 1098 (MXCVIII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.




Republic of the Congo

The Republic of the Congo is a country in Africa. Its capital city is Brazzaville. The country was a former colony of France; it became independent on 15 August 1960.
The north of the country has very large areas of rainforest, but in the south are many farms which grow cashcrops like bananas, peanuts.

Congo is in the central-western part of sub-Saharan Africa. It is along the Equator. To the south and east of it is the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is also bordered by Gabon to the west, Cameroon and the Central African Republic to the north, and Cabinda (Angola) to the southwest. It has a short Atlantic coast.
The capital, Brazzaville, is on the Congo River, directly across from Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The Republic of the Congo is divided into 12 Departments. Departments are divided into communes and/or districts.

The districts are:


Gabon

The Gabonese Republic, or Gabon, is a country in Africa. It is located on the equator. It has borders with Equatorial Guinea, Cameroon, and the Republic of the Congo. Its capital is Libreville, which is also the largest city in the country. Gabon has an area of almost . 1.5 million people live in Gabon.

Gabon was a colony of France. It became a new country on August 17, 1960. Since 1960, the country has had only 3 presidents. At first it had one-party rule. In the early 1990s, the country switched to a multi-party government.

Gabon is one of the richest countries in Sub-Saharan Africa. It has 4th highest HDI and third highest GDP per capita (PPP) in the region. Gabon has high levels of income inequality, and there are significant amounts of poverty in the country.

Not much is known about the history of Gabon before European contact. The first people who lived in the country were pygmies. Later, Bantu people took over the area after moving down from the North. Not much is known of the local culture, other than tribal art that exists. 

In the 15th century, the Portuguese were first Europeans to visit the area. At that time, the coast of Gabon was ruled by the Kingdom of Loango. That was a state that included parts of what is today Angola and Republic of Congo. The Portuguese first settled on the islands of São Tomé, Príncipe, and Fernando Pó. But they visited the coast of Gabon regularly. The Portuguese named Gabon region after their word "gabão" which means a coat with sleeve and hood. Starting from the 16th century, the coast was used for slave trade. 

In the 19th century, the French made Gabon part of their Colonial empire. At this time much exploration was done of Gabon's dense jungles. The explorer Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza was one of the most famous to do so. In 1849, freed slaves founded Libreville, which later became the capital. 

In 1910 Gabon was one of the French colonies which formed French Equatorial Africa (together with Congo, Central African Republic and Chad). French Equatorial Africa lasted to 1959. On 17 August 1960, Gabon became a new country.

Since 1960, Gabon has only had 3 presidents. In 1961 Léon M'ba became the first president. In 1967 after his death Omar Bongo became the president and ruled the country to 2009. In 2009, Omar Bongo died and his son Ali Bongo Ondimba took over as president. In June 2022, Gabon joined the Commonwealth of Nations.

Gabon is on the Atlantic coast of central Africa. It is on the equator. Gabon generally has an equatorial climate. Rainforests cover 85% of the country. There are three distinct regions: the coastal plains (ranging between 20 and 300 km from the ocean's shore), the mountains (the Cristal Mountains to the northeast of Libreville, the Chaillu Massif in the centre, culminating at 1575 m with Mont Iboundji), and the savanna in the east. The coastal plains form a large section of the World Wildlife Fund's Atlantic Equatorial coastal forests ecoregion and contain patches of Central African mangroves especially on the Muni River estuary on the border with Equatorial Guinea.

Gabon's largest river is the Ogooué which is 1200 km long. Gabon has three karst areas where there are hundreds of caves in the dolomite and limestone rocks. Some of the caves include Grotte du Lastoursville, Grotte du Lebamba, Grotte du Bongolo, and Grotte du Kessipougou. Many caves have not been explored yet. A National Geographic Expedition visited the caves in the summer of 2008 to document them (Expedition Website ).

The first Gabonese president was Leon Mba. His successor was Omar Bongo, from 1967 until his death in 2009. Under his governance Gabon had just one political party between 1968 and 1990. It was called PDG.

Gabon is divided into nine provinces. The provinces are divided into departments.

The provinces are:


Gabon has nine states. The soil of Gabon is rich in the metals uranium, manganese, and petrolium. Therefore, these three elements, such as metal exploited in Port-Gentil, uranium in Munana, and the manganese in Franceville.

Gabon has a wide culture. Before colonialism, Gabon's people believed their ancestral spirit as religion, like bwiti, mvett, djobi.

After colonialism, others religions such as Christianity and Islam came to be added to the first animist believers.

The Gabon national football team has represented the nation since 1962. Gabon were joint hosts, along with Equatorial Guinea, of the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. They were the only hosts of the competition's 2017 tournament.

Gabon has excellent recreational fishing. It is considered one of the best places in the world to catch Atlantic tarpon.



Tamil Nadu

Tamil Nadu () is a state in the South of Indian Union. The capital of this state is Madras. Other large cities in Tamil Nadu include Coimbatore, Tiruchirapalli, Salem, Madurai, Tirunelveli, Thanjavur and Thoothukudi. Tamil is the language spoken in Tamil Nadu. It is surrounded by the Bay of Bengal to the east and the Indian Ocean to the south. A small part of Tamil Nadu borders the Arabian Sea to the west. It borders the Indian states of Kerala, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh. In traditional Indian geography, it is part of the South Indian zone.

The current chief minister of the state is M. K. Stalin. He is the leader of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a political party. The leader of the opposition is Edappadi K. Palaniswami. He belongs to the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIDMK), another political party. These two political parties have been in power alternately in Tamil Nadu since 1967.

The eastern and western tips of the state are defined by the Point Calimere and Mudumalai wildlife sanctuaries while the southernmost tip is Kanyakumari (also called Cape Comorin) at the tip of the Indian peninsula. Tamil Nadu is the 11th largest state in India, with an area of 129,996 km and over 62 million people. The major river is Kaveri, which meets the needs of agriculture. Other important rivers include south Pennar, Palar, Vaigai, Tamira bharani, Manimuthar, Noyyal and Bhavani. Tamil Nadu, a South Indian state, is famed for its Dravidian-style Hindu temples. The three ancient Tamil empires of Chera, Chola, and Pandya were of ancient origins. In Tamil Nadu, the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE.

Duck

Ducks are birds in the family Anatidae. Ducks are closely related to swans and geese, which are in the same family. 

Ducks are not a monophyletic group. They are a 'form taxon'. Swans and geese are in the same family but are not called ducks. The main difference is that ducks have shorter necks, and are smaller. 

Other swimming and diving birds, like grebes and loons, are not ducks. A baby duck is called a "duckling", and a male duck is called a "drake". Most ducks are aquatic birds. They can be found in both saltwater and fresh water. 

The subfamily Anatinae ("dabbling ducks") feed on the surface of water or on land, or as deep as they can reach by up-ending without completely submerging. 

Ducks lay eggs once a year and are omnivorous, eating aquatic plants and tiny animals. Along the edge of the beak there is a comb-like structure called a "pecten". This strains the water squirting from the side of the beak and traps any food. The pecten is also used to preen feathers. Diving ducks dive deep to get their food.

Many ducks are migratory. This means that they spend the summer months in a different place than the winter months. Ducks show a cosmopolitan distribution, meaning they can be found all over the world, except for Antarctica. Some duck species live on the South Georgia and Auckland Islands, which are subantarctic. Many species have established themselves on remote islands, such as Kerguelen or Hawaii. 

Ducks are sometimes kept as pets. They are often kept by groups of people on public ponds for their beauty and calming nature. People commonly feed ducks in ponds stale bread, thinking that the ducks will like to have something to eat. However, bread is not healthy for ducks and can kill them. In nature, ducks eat grasses, aquatic plants, fish, insects, small amphibians, worms, and small molluscs.

Some ducks are bred and kept by humans. They are not wild ducks. They are kept to provide food (meat and eggs), or to use their feathers for pillows and other items in the house. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat duck.

Duck meat is high in fat, which helps the bird float in the water.

The eggs from ducks are thought to have a richer taste than chicken eggs.



North by Northwest

North by Northwest is a 1959 spy thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Ernest Lehman wrote the script, and Cary Grant stars in the lead role. The movie also stars Eva Marie Saint and James Mason. The story is about the innocent Roger Thornhill getting caught up in the spy world. Bernard Hermann composed the music for the movie. Saul Bass created the famous opening sequence. It was one of the first uses of moving text on screen. The movie is often considered an Alfred Hitchcock classic and one of the best movies of all time.

Two men kidnap Roger Thornhill at a hotel. They believe Thornhill is George Kaplan. They drive him to the mansion of Lester Townsend. Phillip Vandamm, who is an enemy spy, questions Roger. Vandamm's men make Thornhill drunk and put him in a car to kill him. Thornhill does not die. Instead, the police catch him. Thornhill cannot make the police or his mother believe his story. They visit the house of Townsend. A woman pretends she knows Thornhill and makes up stories.

Thornhill visits Kaplan's hotel room with his mother. Vandamm's men enter the hotel. Kaplan runs away from them. He goes to the United Nations to meet Lester Townsend. Thornhill talks with Townsend and learns that Townsend does not live in his mansion. One of Vandamm's men throws a knife that kills Townsend. Everyone thinks Thornhill killed Townsend. A government intelligence agency reads about Thornhill. They decide not to help him to protect an agent.

Thornhill goes into a 20th Century Limited train. He meets Eve Kendall. She is an American spy and wants to win the trust of Vandamm. She helps Thornhill escape, and they start a relationship. She sets up a meeting with Kaplan at a rural bus stop. Thornhill goes there and a crop duster pane attacks him. The plane blows up when it flies into a tank truck.

Thornhill goes to Kaplan's hotel in Chicago and sees Kendall. He goes to her hotel room. She asks him to leave him alone and leaves. He follows her to an art auction. He sees her with Vandaam and Vandaam's men. Vandaam buys a Mexican Purépecha sculpture. Thornhill draws attention to himself so he can escape Vandaam's men. The police take Thornhill, but they give him to "The Professor." The Professor is an agent and tells Thornhill that Kaplan does not exist and is just a way to distract Vandaam from Kendall. Thornhill agrees to play the role of Kaplan.

At Mount Rushmore, Thornhill talks with Vandamm to have Kendall arrested. Kendall shoots Thornhill with blanks and runs away. The Professor has Kendall and Thornhill meet. Thornhill learns she must go on an airplane with Vandamm. The Professor locks Thornhill in a hospital room. Thornhill escapes and goes to Vandamm's house. Vandamm discovers that Kendall is a spy, used blanks and that the sculpture has microfilmss. Vandamm says he will throw Kendall off the plane. Thornhill warns Kendall with a note. The two escape and end up at the monuments of Mount Rushmore. Vandamm's men fall from the monuments. The Professor arrests Vandamm.


The movie had very positive reviews. It has a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics praised the movie as a great thriller with much suspense. They said the movie has many iconic images. Some said the movie is an excellent parody of Hitchcock's work and a classic example of his techniques. Critics found the movie very entertaining. Critics noted how the famous locations created more shocking scenes and added suspense. They also said the movie was both suspenseful and cherry. The movie has a rating of 98/100 on Metacritic with "universal acclaim".

"North by Northwest" got three nominations at the Academy Awards. They were the awards for Best Film Editing, Best Art Direction – Set Decoration, Color, and Best Original Screenplay. The movie won an Edgar Award for Best Motion Picture Screenplay. The movie won Top Action Drama at the Laurel Awards.

"North by Northwest" has made several polls and lists for the greatest movies ever made. In a 1998 "Time Out" poll, the movie ranked the 12th greatest movie. In a 2022 "Time Out" poll, the movie was considered the best thriller ever. The poll from the British Film Institute ranked "North by Northwest" the 53rd greatest movie. The movie is on several of the American Film Institute's lists. The AFI ranked it the 40th-greatest American movie. The movie is ranked 7th on AFI's 10 Top 10 for mystery. It is also No. 40 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies, No. 4 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, and No. 55 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition). The Library of Congress choose the movie to be part of the National Film Registry in 1995.  


Nightwish

Nightwish is a symphonic metal band from Finland. They formed in July 1996 and played acoustic mood music. The band's keyboardist and composer Tuomas Holopainen had the idea of forming a band. He asked Tarja Turunen to sing and Emppu Vuorinen to play guitar.

At the beginning of 1997, the band started playing stronger music. Jukka Nevalainen joined the band to play the drums. Vuorinen used an electric guitar instead of an acoustic guitar. In May 1997, Nightwish signed a contract (binding agreement) with Spinefarm Records and they released their first album 'Angels Fall First'.

In 1998, Sami Vänskä joined the band to play bass guitar. The same year Nightwish released 'Oceanborn', which was quite different to
'Angels Fall First'.

In May 2000 they released 'Wishmaster', which was similar to 'Oceanborn'. They also entered the contest to be Finland's representatives for the Eurovision Song Contest, with the song 'Sleepwalker'. They won the phone vote but the judges disagreed so they came second.

The other band members asked Tarja to leave the group in 2005 after their "End of an Era" tour. Tuomas wrote an open letter to her, stating the reasons why she had to leave. He then put the letter on the official website. In 2007, Swedish singer Anette Olzon became the new singer, and Nightwish released a single, 'Amaranth'. A few months later, they released the album 'Dark Passion Play'.



Sierra Leone

Sierra Leone is a country in West Africa. Its capital is Freetown. The official language is English.

The country was first made as a place where freed slaves could live. From 1991 until 2000, there was a civil war in Sierra Leone between rebels and the government. The war is now over. Sierra Leone is known for its blood diamonds. These were mined and sold during the civil war. This was in order to buy the weapons for the civil war.

There are 71,740 square kilometres of land in Sierra; In terms of land area it is similar in size to Ireland.

Sierra Leone has relied on mining, especially diamonds, for its economic base. The country is among the largest producers of titanium and bauxite, and a major producer of gold. The country has one of the world's largest deposits of rutile. Sierra Leone is also home to the third largest natural harbour in the world. Shipping from all over the globe goes to Freetown's famous Queen Elizabeth II Quay. Despite this natural wealth, 70% of its people live in poverty.

Sierra Leone is a mostly Muslim country.

The country has 2,090 known species of higher plants, 147 mammals, 626 birds, 67 reptiles, 35 amphibians, and 99 fish species.

In 1672, The Royal African Company built forts on some islands close to Sierra Leone for trading. Slave trading was becoming more popular, so the forts mostly traded humans. In fact, Bunce Island became a popular place to transport slaves to Europe and Americas.

The country is bordered by Guinea to the north and northeast, Liberia to the south and southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.

Mount Bintumani reaches . It is the highest point in the country.

The climate is hot, tropical and humid all year round, with two seasons. The rainy season is from May to November, and the dry season is from December to May.

March & April are the hottest months and daytime temperatures are around 38 °C (100 °F) - 41 °C (106 °F) with a solid 82% humidity. Nighttime temperatures do not vary a lot and may fluctuate by 2 °C - 4 °C.

December and January are preferably the best times to visit Sierra Leone as temperatures and humidity are much lower and reasonable due to the hammattan breeze from the Sahara desert, although afternoon temperatures can still climb up to 40 °C and above, the hammattan breeze stops it from getting too humid, even though it will still be hot, humidity would be can be lowered down to 39%, meaning you'll sweat less during this time than you would when the climate goes back to its original state, so therefore the heat would be more endurable especially around coastal areas.

When the hammattan breeze has lowered the heat and the humidity to its base, the highest average daily temperature in December and January will only reach a maximum of 31 °C (88 °F) and nighttime temperatures will be 24 °C (75 °F), although it can sometimes drop to 21 °C (70 °F) at night, and sometimes in the morning which is the lowest the temperature can get. During this time, humidity is 70% & it is pleasantly warm and enjoyable.

The rainy season from May-November, average temperatures are 27 °C (81 °F) - 29 °C (84 °F) with humidity 95% - 100%. Some days when it doesn't rain, temperatures can climb up to 32 °C (90 °F) and humidity can be moderate around 75%.
Rainfall can be torrential, so if you're travelling to Sierra Leone around this time of the year, it is advisable to bring waterproof clothing as it can rain for a whole week without interruption from sunlight.

The largest cities in Sierra Leone are:

Education in Sierra Leone is legally required for all children for six years. A shortage of schools and teachers has made this impossible. Two thirds of the adult population of the country are not able to read. The Sierra Leone Civil War caused the destruction of 1,270 primary schools. In 2001, 67% of all school-age children were out of school. This has been better since the end of the civil war.

The country has three universities: Fourah Bay College, University of Makeni and Njala University. Teacher training colleges and religious seminaries are found in many parts of the country.

The Republic of Sierra Leone has five regions the Northern Province, North West Province, Southern Province, the Eastern Province and the Western Area. The first four provinces are divided into 14 districts. The districts are further divided into 149 chiefdoms.

Rice is the staple food of Sierra Leone. It is eaten at nearly every meal daily. The rice is prepared in many ways, and topped with different sauces made from some of Sierra Leone's favorite toppings. These include potato leaves, cassava leaves, crain crain, okra soup, fried fish and groundnut stew.

Along the street of towns and cities one can find snacks such as fresh mangoes, oranges, pineapple, fried plantains, ginger beer, fried potato, fried cassava with pepper sauce; small bags of popcorn or peanuts, bread, roasted corn, or skewers of grilled meat or shrimp.

Poyo is a popular Sierra Leonean drink. It is a sweet, lightly fermented palm wine. Poyo bars are areas of lively informal talk about politics, football, entertainment and other issues.

Football is by far the most popular sport in Sierra Leone. Children, youth and adult are often seen playing street football across Sierra Leone.

The Sierra Leone national football team, popularly known as the Leone Stars, represents the country in international competitions. It has never qualified for the FIFA World Cup. They were in the 1994 and 1996 African Cup of Nations. Many of the national team footballers are celebrities across Sierra Leone. They are often well known by most of the country's general population. Some well known Sierra Leonean international footballers include Mohamed Kallon, Mohamed Bangura, Rodney Strasser, Ibrahim Teteh Bangura, Alhassan Bangura, Sheriff Suma, Mohamed Kamara, Umaru Bangura and Kei Kamara.



Door

A door is a hard, flat object a person can open and close so that person can go into a room or other place. It is found in houses and other buildings. Doors are also found in cars and cages.

The reasons for a door are:

A revolving door is a group of doors that turn in a circle as a person pushes one. The person can go through, but wind and rain cannot get in.

A blind door is a fake door that is really part of the wall. People use them to make a room look nice.

An up-and-over door is often used in garages. Instead of hinges, it rolls up on rails so that it stays above the opening.

A fire door is a door that does not let fire go through. They are usually made of heavy steel.

A doggie door is a small door for dogs or other small pets. They are usually on the bottom of people-sized doors.

1540s

The 1540s was a decade that started on 1 January 1540 and ended on 31 December 1549.




Boeing 737

The Boeing 737 is a twin narrow-body airliner built by Boeing. At first, Boeing was making it to be a shorter, cheaper airliner than its 707 and 727. However, the 737 has become a family of many different models. The number of passengers it can carry ranges from 85 to 215. The 737 is the only narrow-body airliner that Boeing is making. The only types of 737 that Boeing is still making are the -700, -800 and -900ER. A version of the 737 with larger engines, the 737 MAX, came into service in 2017 but was grounded between 2019 and 2021 as unsafe.

Boeing began designing the 737 in 1965. The very first 737-100 flew in 1967. It was first used by an airline in February 1968. The 737-200 started being used in April 1968. The -200 was basically just a longer version of the 737-100. In the 1980s Boeing made the -300, -400, and -500 models. Boeing called these models the Boeing 737 Classic series. The 737 Classics could carry more passengers, and they had new engines: CFM56 turbofans. The 737 Classic planes also had some improvements made to the wings. In the 1990s, Boeing brought out the 737 Next Generation. The 737 Next Generation planes also had redesigned wings, a better cockpit and a new cabin. The 737 Next Generation is made up of the -600, -700, -800, and -900ER models. These models go from to in length.

The 737 is the best-selling jet airliner in history. Boeing has never stopped making 737s since 1967. 7,283 aircraft have been delivered, and the 737 still has 2,759 orders that have not been delivered yet (). Boeing 737s are built at the Boeing Renton Factory in Renton, Washington. The 737's main rival is the Airbus A320 family. On average, 1,250 737s are in the air at any time and two land or leave somewhere every five seconds.

Boeing was looking at designs for aircraft which flew short distances. Boeing wanted to make another aircraft to replace the 727 on short flights. It began designing the 737 on May 11, 1964. Boeing did a lot of research and found that airlines wanted an airliner which could hold 50 to 60 passengers. This airliner would also be able to fly routes long. Lufthansa was the first airline to order a Boeing 737 on February 19, 1965. They ordered 21 aircraft, worth $67 million (1965, $190.28 million in 2008). After Boeing spoke to Lufthansa in winter 1964, they made the 737 bigger so that it could hold 100 passengers.

On April 5, 1965, Boeing announced that United Airlines had ordered 40 737s. United wanted a plane which was a bit bigger than the 737-100. Boeing made a different type of 737 for United, which was longer. This other plane was called the 737-200. Boeing changed the name of the original 737 to the 737-100.

The first 737s were made near Boeing Field (now officially called King County International Airport) because the factory in Renton was too busy building the 707 and 727. After 271 aircraft were made at Boeing Field, Boeing moved the 737s to Renton. This was in 1970.

The first Boeing 737-100 prototype was ready in 1966. It made its first flight on April 9, 1967. On December 15, 1967 the Federal Aviation Administration said that the -100 was allowed to fly with passengers. They gave it the Type Certificate A16WE. Lufthansa got its first 737 on December 28, 1967. On February 10, 1968, Lufthansa became the first non-American airline to fly a new Boeing aircraft. It was the only large airline which bought the 737-100. Only 30 -100s were ever made.

The 737-200 first flew on August 8, 1967. The FAA allowed it to fly with passengers on December 21, 1967. The first flight it made for United Airlines was on April 28, 1968. It flew from Chicago to Grand Rapids, Michigan. Airlines liked the 737-200 much more than the 737-100.

A "thrust reverser" is a part of the engine of a plane. It changes the flow of air through the engine so that it ends up trying to push the plane backwards instead of forwards. The first thrust reversers on the 737 were not very good. They were said to lift the aircraft off the runway when they were used. This meant that the wheels were not being pushed down onto the ground very much, which made the brakes less useful. In 1968, Boeing improved the thrust reverser. This improvement was put onto all aircraft after March 1969. Aircraft which were made before the improvement could have it installed. Boeing also improved the flaps. This improvement allowed the flaps to be used more during takeoffs and landing. All these changes meant that the 737 could hold more cargo and fly further. In May 1971, after the 135th aircraft was built, all of these improvements, as well as better engines and more fuel, were put into the 737-200. This gave it 15% more payload and range than the first 737-200s. This type of 737-200 became known as the 737-200 Advanced.

In 1970, Boeing only got 37 orders for 737s. Since Boeing were running out of money, they thought about stopping making 737s and selling the design to Japanese companies. Boeing cancelled the Boeing Supersonic Transport and started making less Boeing 747s. By doing this, Boeing kept enough money to keep the 737 project going.

In 1988, Boeing stopped making 737-200s. 1,114 aircraft were made and the last one was delivered to Xiamen Airlines on August 8, 1988.

In 1979, Boeing started working on a large improvement for the 737. Boeing wanted to allow the aircraft to hold more passengers and travel further. It also wanted to make improvements to make the aircraft more modern. However, it also wanted to keep it similar to the older 737s. In 1980, information on this new type of 737 (called the 737-300) was given at the Farnborough Airshow.

The CFM56-3B-1 engine was chosen to be the engine for this new 737 type. This engine burned much less fuel and was much less noisy. However, it was also difficult to fit these engines to the aircraft. This was because the 737's wings were not very high above the ground, and the CFM56 had a bigger diameter than the original engines. Boeing and CFM solved the problem by putting the engine slightly ahead of the wing, instead of right under it. They also moved some parts of the engine, which would normally go on the bottom, to the sides. This made the engine look a bit like a hamster pouch, because the engine is not shaped like a circle.

The plane could now carry 149 passengers, because the fuselage of the plane was made bigger. Many changes were made to the wings. The tip of the wing was made longer by . The wingspan was also made bigger. The flaps on the wings were changed. The flight deck (cockpit) was improved with electronic displays. However, airlines could choose not to have these in their planes. The main cabin (where the passengers sit) was also made better. It looked similar to the cabin of a Boeing 757. The prototype of the 737-300 first flew on 24 February 1984. Its pilot was Jim McRoberts.

In June 1986, Boeing said that it was working on the 737-400. The 737-400 made the fuselage even bigger (by ). This change meant that the -400 could carry 170 passengers. The 737-400's first flight was on February 19, 1988. The first airline to use it was Piedmont Airlines.

Boeing made a 737-500 because its customers wanted one. It was a replacement of the 737-200. The -500 is longer than the 737-200. Up to 132 passengers can travel on the 737-500. Cockpits with electronic displays could be installed on the -500, but airlines could choose the use the older cockpit if they wanted.

The 737-500 was first ordered by Southwest Airlines in 1987. Southwest Airlines ordered 20 aircraft. The 737-500 flew for the first time on June 30, 1989. On February 28, 1990, Southwest Airlines got their first delivery.

After the Boeing 737 Next Generation planes were brought into service, Boeing named the 737-300/-400/-500s the 737 Classic series.

In 1991, Boeing started working on an updated group of 737s. They did this so they could have a plane to rival the Airbus A320. Boeing said that the 737 Next Generation (NG) program had begun on November 17, 1991. The -600, -700, -800, and -900 models are all part of the 737 Next Generation program. The 737 was changed so much by the 737NG program that it is almost like a new aircraft. However, some important parts of the plane were kept similar to the older 737s.

The wing was changed again. Many different changes were made. An example of one is a bigger wingspan (made bigger by ). Since the wings were made bigger, 30% more fuel could fit in the plane. CFM56-7B engines were used, which were newer, quieter and burned less fuel. The improvements to the wing, engine and fuel mean that the 737NG can travel 900 nautical miles further. This means it can travel over in total, which means that the 737NG can travel between different continents. Winglets can be added to most 737NG models. The flight deck was given modern electronics (called avionics). The main cabin was also improved.

The first NG to be built was a 737-700. It was finished on December 8, 1995. This aircraft was 2,843rd 737 built. It first flew on February 9, 1997. The prototype 737-800 was finished on June 30, 1997 and first flew on July 31, 1997. The smallest of the 737NGs, the -600, is the same size as the -500. It was the last NG to be launched (it was launched in December 1997). It first flew on January 22, 1998. The FAA certified it on August 18, 1998. A

Boeing delivered the 5,000th 737 to Southwest Airlines on February 13, 2006. The 6,000th 737 was delivered to Norwegian Air Shuttle in April 2009. The Airbus A320 family has sold more planes than the 737NG over the past ten years. However, this total includes sales for the A321 and A318. The A321 has been the rival of Boeing's 757 and the A318 has been the rival of the 717. The Next Generation series helped make sure the 737 stayed the bestselling airliner family since it first flew.

Since 2006, Boeing has been thinking about replacing the 737 with a completely new design. This was named the Boeing Y1 by people who worked at Boeing. This re-design would be launched after the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Boeing did not decide on whether or not to go ahead with this. They said they would decide in 2011.

On July 20, 2011, Boeing said that they were working on a new 737 version, which would have the CFM International LEAP engine. American Airlines said they would order 100 of these aircraft. On August 30, 2011, Boeing said that a new 737 would definitely be launched. It was called the 737 MAX. It would also definitely have CFM International LEAP-1B engines.

The MAX 8 first carried paying passengers in May, 2017. In 2019 two MAX 8 aircraft crashed, killing all aboard and causing aviation authorities to ban commercial operation of the 737 MAX until they are fixed. 

The 737's main landing gear (wheels) go into holes at the bottom of the plane. The wheels do not have a door to close over them. The tires can be seen easily when a 737 is taking off or is flying low-down.

737s do not have fuel dump systems. A fuel dump system is a system which gets rid of any unneeded fuel if the aircraft needs to make an emergency landing while it still has a lot of fuel on board. This is useful because aircraft can only land safely at a certain weight or below. Getting rid of unneeded fuel helps to get to a safe weight for the plane to land. The first 737s were too small to need these systems. Adding a fuel dump system to the bigger 737s would make the plane much heavier. Instead, if the emergency is not very serious, 737s fly around in circles to get rid of fuel. If the emergency is serious, the 737 just needs to land at an unsafe weight. If it has to land at an unsafe weight, the plane needs to be looked at for damage. If there is no damage, the plane can be put back into service.

Engines on the 737 Classic series (300, 400, 500) and Next Generation series (600, 700, 800, 900) are not shaped like a circle like most planes. The 737 Classics had CFM56 turbofan engines. These burned much less fuel and made much less noise than the Pratt & Whitney JT8D engines which were used on the -100 and -200. However, because the 737's wings and fuselage are not very high above the ground, it was impossible to get the engines to fit on the wings. Boeing and CFM fixed this problem by putting the engines slightly ahead of the wings instead of putting them right underneath. They also moved some parts of the engines which would normally go at the bottom to the sides. This is what makes the engines non-circular.

The gearbox of the engine was moved from the bottom of the engine to the side. The gearbox makes the engine look a bit like a triangle. Since the engine is close to the ground, it is possible that they can be damaged by things lying on the ground. The CFM56-7 engine on the 737 Next Generation burns even less fuel than the engines on the 737 Classics. The Boeing 737 MAX aircraft will have CFM International LEAP-1B engines. These engines are supposed to burn 10-12% less fuel than the CFM56-7B engines on the 737 Next Generation family.

The 737's controls are very safe. If the hydraulics or both engines fail, servo tabs will be automatically used. Servo tabs are small hinges which move important parts of an aircraft. The tabs are controlled by the yoke (the thing used to steer the plane). For the 737 Next Generation, a new cockpit with LCD displays was made. These cockpits also have modern avionics (autopilot etc.).

Most 737 cockpits have "eyebrow windows". These are smaller windows which are above the main windows. There are two on each side. Eyebrow windows were used on the Boeing 707. They helped the pilot see better when the plane was turning. However, because autopilot, advanced radar etc. exist, they are no longer needed. They were removed from the 737 cockpit in 2004. However, 737s used by the military still have them installed. If the customer likes, Boeing will install eyebrow windows for them.

Winglets can be fitted to 737s which do not have them already installed. They can also be added when the aircraft is built. The winglets are about tall. They are fitted at the end of the wing and help the engines to burn less fuel because they reduce drag. They also help make less noise on takeoff. Winglets can help a plane burn up to 5% less fuel.

How the cabin looks was changed in each different type of 737 (Classic and Next Generation). The cabin design of the 737 Original was changed 737 Classic using designs from the 757. Designs from the Boeing 777 were used to design the cabin for the Next Generation 737. The newest cabin design is called the Sky Interior. It has curved walls. It also has redesigned windows. The Sky Interior has more headroom and LED mood lighting. Overhead bins which move have been installed. These bins are similar to the bins on a 777 and Boeing 787 Dreamliner. They have more space for luggage than the other designs. The Sky Interior is also designed to make the cabin less noisy by 2–4 dB. The first 737 with the Sky Interior was delivered to Flydubai in 2010. Malaysia Airlines, TUIFly and Continental Airlines have also ordered 737s with the Sky Interior.
The 737 are split into three "generations". These are Original, Classic and Next Generation. The "Original" models are the 737-100, 737-200/-200 Advanced. The "Classic" models are the 737-300, 737-400 and 737-500. The "Next Generation" models are the 737-600, 737-700/-700ER, 737-800, and 737-900/-900ER.

The fourth generation of 737 is called the 737 MAX. It is still being worked on, but when it is finished, it will be made up of the 737-MAX-7, 737-MAX-8 and 737-MAX-9. The MAX-7 will replace the 737-700, the MAX-8 will replace the 737-800 and the MAX-9 will replace the 737-900 and 739-900ER.

The very first 737 model was the 737-100. It was first ordered by Lufthansa in 1965. The -100 was finished on January 17, 1967. It entered service in 1968. The aircraft is the smallest type of 737. Only 30 737-100s were ordered and delivered. No 737-100s are still being used by airlines. The 737-100 prototype is in the Museum of Flight in Seattle.

The 737-200 is a 737-100 with a larger fuselage. It was created because of an order from United Airlines in 1965. The -200 was finished on June 29, 1967. It entered service in 1968. The 737-200 Advanced is an improved version of the -200. Its first user was All Nippon Airways. It began using the -200 Advanced on May 20, 1971. The -200 Advanced has many improvements. For example, more powerful engines and more fuel. The 737-200 Advanced can also fly further than the 737-200. The last delivery of a 737-200 aircraft was in August 1988 to Xiamen Airlines. This was the 1,095th 737-200 built. Many 737-200s are still used by airlines.

After 40 years the last 737-200 aircraft in the United States were retired on March 31, 2008. This happened with the last flights of Aloha Airlines.

The Boeing 737 Classic is the name of the 737-300/-400/-500. However, they were only called the 737 Classics after the 737 Next Generation (737-600/700/800/900) aircraft were made. Until then, the 737 Classics were called the 'new generation' of the 737. The 737 Classics were made from 1984 to 2000. 1,988 aircraft were delivered in that time. As of January 1, 2001, 1,945 are in service.

The 737-300 was brought into service in 1981. It was used by both US Airways and Southwest Airlines. The 737-300 is the first model of the 737 Classic series. The -300 can usually hold 128 passengers. The 737-300 series was made until 1999. The last -300 was delivered to Air New Zealand on 17 December 1999. This was the 1,113th 737-300 made.

The 737-400 brought into service in 1985. It was just a longer version of the 737-300. Piedmont Airlines was the launch customer. They ordered 25 aircraft in 1986. The first 737-400s were brought into service in 1988 with Piedmont. The last -400 was delivered to CSA Czech Airlines. This was the 486th -400 built.

The 737-400F was a 737-400 changed into a cargo plane. The -400F was not delivered by Boeing. They were changed into cargo planes by the airlines that owned them. Alaska Airlines was the first airline to change a -400 to a -400F. It could carry 10 pallets of cargo.

The 737-500 was finished 1987. It was brought into service with Southwest Airlines in 1990. The 737-500 is around the same length of the 737-200. It was a modern, complete replacement of the 737-200. The last 737-500 was delivered to All Nippon Airways on July 26, 1999. This was the 389th built.

In the 1990s, Boeing realized that the Airbus A320 family was a serious threat. Boeing could lose customers because of it. In November 1991, Boeing began the Next Generation program. The Next Generation aircraft would replace the 737 Classics. The 737-600, 737-700 and 737-800 planes were planned.

The 737-600 replaced the 737-500. It was also supposed to replace the McDonnell Douglas DC-9. The 737-600 was finished in 1995. The first aircraft was delivered to Scandinavian Airlines on September 18, 1998. The 737-600 is the only Boeing 737 still being made that cannot be fitted with winglets.

The 737-600's rivals are the Airbus A318, Embraer 195 and Sukhoi Superjet 100. The Bombardier CSeries will also be a rival.<ref>"Bombardier Launches CSeries Jet."

Tsar

Tsar is a title for the supreme ruler in several countries.

In Bulgaria, the title was used in 913–1422 and again in 1908–1946. The last tsar to rule Bulgaria was Boris III, who replaced Ferdinand I of Bulgaria 1918.

In Serbia, the title was used in 1346—1371. The last tsar to rule Serbia was Stephen Uroš V.

In the Russian Empire, the title was used from 1546 until 1721. Starting in 1721, the title of Russian emperors was "imperator", but the word "tsar" remained in common use until the Russian Revolution in 1917. The last tsar to rule Russia was Nicholas II, who replaced Alexander III in 1894. The system of government used during the Tsardom of Russia and the Russian Empire was called Tsarist autocracy, also known as Tsarism.

"Tsar" is also spelled "tzar", "czar", and "csar". It is the Eastern European word for "caesar". It can be translated to "emperor".

1550s

The 1550s was a decade that started on 1 January 1550 and ended on 31 December 1559.




1840

1840 was a leap year.




Engelbert Dollfuss

Engelbert Dollfuss ("German": Dollfuß) (October 4, 1892 – July 25, 1934) was the Chancellor of Austria from 1932 until 1933. He led the country as a dictator from early 1933 until 1934.

He studied law in Vienna, and Economics in Berlin. During World War I, he served in the Alps and briefly became a Prisoner of War in 1918. 

He became Chancellor on May 20, 1932 as head of a right-wing coalition government. He wanted to solve the problems caused by the Depression. He had problems finding majorities in parliament. The measures he liked to take to deal with inflation were not well liked. In March 1933, he suspended the Austrian parliament. He then governed by decree. 

With Adolf Hitler as Chancellor in Germany, Dollfuss feared that the influence of the NSDAP would grow. This would then lead to a growth in popularity for its Austrian counterpart. Because of this, he banned the NSDAP in June 1933. He also banned the SDAPÖ in February 1934. 

In September 1933 he formed an umbrella grouping to support the regime, the "Vaterländische Front" (Fatherland Front) and merged the Christian Social Party with the para-military Heimwehr (Home Guard), a Nationalist paramilitary group. The regime which was put into power by him and remained in power until 1938 is often called "Austrofascism". The form of state he employed was called the "Ständestaat".

On July 25, 1934, eight Austrian Nazis entered the Chancellery building and shot and killed Dollfuss in an attempted coup, as a prelude to Anschluss. The Nazis surrendered and were executed. Kurt Schuschnigg became the new dictator of Austria.


Language isolate

A language isolate is a language that is not known to be related to any other language. Many languages are related to other languages by coming from an older language, and both are still similar. Languages that are related are language families. Most languages are known to belong to a language family. However, some are not known to be related to other languages and are called language isolates.

Some spoken language isolates are Basque, Zuni, Burushaski, Ainu and Mapudungun. Some extinct language isolates are Sumerian, Elamite and Urartian.

Species

A species is a kind of organism. It is a basic unit of biological classification, and a formal rank in taxonomy. Originally, the word was used informally in a rather vague way, but now there are at least 26 different ways it is used.

All animals or plants that are the same kind belong to the same species. Wolves ("Canis lupus") are one species. Humans ("Homo sapiens") are another species. Broadly, the idea is that, for example, cats breed with cats and produce more cats. This is the basis for deciding to have a species called "Felis catus". However, to give a simple definition of 'species' is difficult, and many people have tried.

Species is a word for a particular kind of living thing, for example, a jackdaw. Jackdaws and ravens are similar, so they are together in a larger group (taxon) called a genus, in this case "Corvus". Then there is a family (such as the crow family, which includes crows and ravens as well as jays and magpies). Families are put together into orders such as the songbirds, which includes many families of birds. The next group is the class; all birds are in the same class. After that is the phylum, such as vertebrates, which is all animals with backbones. Last of all is the kingdom, like the animal kingdom. These are ways to classify living things.

There is a mnemonic to help people remember the order of the divisions which are listed again below: "King Phillip Came Over For Great Spaghetti".

Take as an example the bird called a Common Loon or Great Northern Diver:

There is a long history of disagreement over whether species are objective things, or whether they are man-made labels. Those who think species are objectively different point to things which 'good' species do. They look similar, and they breed true, that is, mate with their own kind, and have offspring which are obviously in the same species.

Against this are the many exceptions. There are species which shade gradually into other species, and which interbreed in overlapping populations (see ring species). On the other hand, there are species which look absolutely identical, but which do not breed together (sibling species).

It is quite clear that 'species' as used by palaeontologists and 'species' as used by other biologists cannot be the same. A palaeontologist can only use visible features of a fossil, which are only a small part of the traits of a living species. Not only that, but many species which are virtually identical can only be distinguished by their DNA. This relatively recent discovery of sibling species is very important, and their numbers are growing rapidly. We underestimated the effect of convergent evolution.

The greatest change in the species concept was made by Charles Darwin, for evolution meant that hard-and-fast lines could not be drawn between species. Another shift came when Ernst Mayr proposed the biological species concept, which emphasized the interbreeding population as the heart of the species concept. This meant that, in his view, species were objective, that is not just the subjective opinion of a taxonomist. His explanation of the process of speciation was geographical isolation between populations which had once been interbreeding. Today, emphasis has moved back closer to Darwin's ideas.

According to the most recent estimate, there are about 8.7 million species on Earth. This counts only eukaryote organisms. It leaves out bacteria, archaea and viruses.

Fewer than a quarter of the species have not been identified, named and catalogued. At the present rate, it might take over 1000 years to complete this job. Some will become extinct before this count is complete.


Ancestor

An ancestor is a person (or another organism or thing) from whom (or which) another is descended. Usually, it refers to a person far in the past, rather than the parents or grandparents in the close family. A very similar word is forebear. A female ancestor may be called an ancestress. The line of ancestors from which an organism descends is referred to as its ancestry. 

A second meaning relates to evolution. There, it is used of a species or group of species of animals or plants from which others have evolved. In a similar way, the word ancestor can be used for an early prototype or forerunner of a later device. 

In law an ancestor can mean the person from whom an estate is lawfully obtained. No blood relationship is necessarily implied. More commonly, however, it is the person from whom an estate is obtained based on law and blood. 

Two people have a genetic relationship if one is the ancestor of the other, or if they share a common ancestor. Each of someone's ancestors will have contributed to their DNA. In evolution, species that have evolved from the same ancestor are said to be of common descent. However, this concept of ancestry does not apply to some bacteria and other organisms capable of horizontal gene transfer. DNA testing is used in determining ancestry. This can be for testing, to determine the parents of a child for legal purposes. DNA is also used to better understand the ancestry and history of all humans over the last 50,000 years. This was one of the benefits of the Human genome project.

In some cultures ancestors may have relatively little importance. Many today have no knowledge of their own great-great-grandparents. China is an example of a culture that in general has a deep respect for ancestors. Korea is an example of a culture that engages in ancestor worship where ancestors are revered. But genealogy (the study of one's ancestors) is growing in popularity and includes both amateur and professional genealogists.


River dolphin

River dolphins are five species of dolphin which live in fresh water rivers and estuaries. Three species live in fresh water rivers. The La Plata Dolphin lives in salt water estuaries and the ocean.


Both river dolphins and marine dolphins belong to a group of mammals called cetaceans. The snout of a river dolphin measures about 58 centimeters (2 ft) long, approximately four times as long as that of most marine dolphins. They use their long snout to search for fish on the muddy bottom of the river. River dolphins have smaller eyes than marine dolphins, and their vision is poorly developed because they live in dark, muddy water. River dolphins are less active than marine dolphins because they do not need to search so widely to find fish. Marine dolphins work in pods (packs) because when they find a shoal of fish then they work together to make the most of their find. River dolphins work mostly as individuals or small groups.

The following is the taxonomy of river dolphins, or how dolphins are classified: 


River-Dolphins-and-their-habitat

Estuary

An estuary is where a river meets the sea. There, saltwater mixes with freshwater. The river becomes wider and wider and flows slowly to the ocean.

Bays, marshes, swamps, and inlets can all have estuaries. A view of an estuary from the air is usually an interesting sight: many estuaries meander (curve and bend) to find their way to the sea. Estuaries come in all sizes and shapes, each according to its location and climate. Where rivers meet the sea and fresh water mixes with salt water, the mixture is called brackish water.

Some estuaries are very large. They may be large ocean bays that have more than one river flowing into them. For example, Chesapeake Bay is a large estuary, and several different rivers meet the Atlantic Ocean there.
In simple terms it is where a river meets with a large body of water only with ((one)) outlet and not many like a ((delta)).

Estuaries are usually filled with shallow waters, and sunlight reaches all levels of the water. Marsh grasses, algae, and other kinds of plants live in estuaries and provide food for a variety of fish, crabs, oysters, and shrimp. Estuaries are especially important since they act as nurseries for many different types of young fish and other animals before they head out toward the open ocean. Many sea birds also nest in estuaries.

The United States government has a program to study and protect the natural environment in many different estuaries, called the National Estuarine Research Reserve System. One reason that the natural environment in so many estuaries is in danger is because they are also good places for people to live and build cities. Unfortunately, many of world's largest cities are at or near estuaries.

James Bond

James Bond is a fictional British spy created by Ian Fleming in 1953. 

In 1953, Fleming wrote "Casino Royale", the very first James Bond novel. The novel made a lot of money, and he continued to write one James Bond novel each year until he died in 1964. In a 1956 South African radio program "Moonraker" he was voiced by Bob Holness. In 1962 Albert. R. "Cubby" Broccoli and Harry Saltzman started to produce the first James Bond movie, Dr. No, starring Sean Connery as James Bond. The movie became extremely popular, and they continued to make more Bond movies. In the end of the 1960s Connery did not want to do any more Bond movies, and many thought that Bond was now dead. In 1969, George Lazenby appeared in one movie as the Bond character, but the movie was not successful.

In 1971 Sean Connery stepped back into the role for one movie "Diamonds are Forever". After this in 1973, producers came up with the "Live and Let Die" movie, starring Roger Moore as Bond. The movie became a very big success. The series continued throughout the 1970s and 1980s with Roger Moore playing the role of Bond.

In the 1980s, Bond movies were not as successful at the box office. Unlike the 1960s and 1970s, in the 1980s there were many other action movies being produced that could compete with the Bond series.

After Moore left the role as Bond, he was replaced with Timothy Dalton in the late 1980s. Dalton tried to make a serious, "down to earth" Bond, closer to the Fleming novels. Fans did not like Dalton's interpretation of the Bond character, and the movies made little money.

The Cold War ended in 1991. Since Bond almost always fought Communists, many now thought that the Bond series of movies was finally dead.

In 1995, producers developed the GoldenEye movie, starring Pierce Brosnan as Bond. This film made the Bond character well known in the 1990s. Brosnan appeared in several Bond movies.

In 2002, the James Bond character was used in the 20th movie, Die Another Day, the 40th anniversary of the movies and the 50th anniversary since Fleming wrote his first Bond novel.
In 2006, the 21st movie, Casino Royale, was released. Pierce Brosnan, who played James Bond in the previous four movies, was replaced by Daniel Craig, the first James Bond to have blonde hair. The movie is based on the first Ian Fleming novel of the same name, but is set in the present day. The movie features a cameo appearance by Richard Branson, a British billionaire. It has a new model of Aston Martin DB9, the car that made James Bond so famous in the 1960s. Many fans think that whilst this movie is different than other movies, it is much better, and movies in the future (however few there will be) will be in this new format. In 2008, Craig appeared in a second Bond movie, "Quantum of Solace" and a third, "Skyfall", in 2012. His fourth appearance as Bond was with "Spectre" in 2016. His fifth and final appearance as Bond is with "No Time to Die" in 2021.

Many of the James Bond movies were massive hits. However, there are two movies classed as unofficial Bond films and not recognised as part of the series. The 1967 version of "Casino Royale" was a spoof, featuring "Jimmy Bond". Also, "Never Say Never Again" was not made by Albert R. Broccoli's production company, EON Productions. Connery is the tallest actor to play James Bond to this day.

Visually and musically, but also artistically overall, James Bond and the British way of being a gentleman repeatedly serve as inspiration, or artists like Marc Engelhard and other protagonists resemble each other in this style.


A Streetcar Named Desire (1951 movie)

A Streetcar Named Desire is a 1951 movie. It is based on the 1947 play by Tennessee Williams. The movie stars Marlon Brando and Vivien Leigh.

Tetrahedron

A tetrahedron or triangular pyramid is a polyhedron (a three-dimensional shape). It has four corners and six edges. All four of its faces are equilateral triangles. Every two edges meet on one of those corners forming a sixty-degree angle.

A regular tetrahedron is a tetrahedron whose edges are the same length. If the length of an edge is "a":

A regular tetrahedron's faces are all the same, and so are all its edges, as well as its corners. This makes it a regular polyhedron. It is also convex (its faces do not go through one another), which makes it a Platonic solid.

The dual of regular tetrahedron is another regular tetrahedron. This is called being self-dual.

Robert Hooke

Robert Hooke FRS (Isle of Wight, 18 July 1635 – London, 3 March 1703) was an English naturalist, architect and polymath. Hooke played an important role in the birth of science in the 17th century with both experimental and theoretical work. He was a colleague of Robert Boyle and Christopher Wren, and a rival to Isaac Newton. Hooke was a leader in the plans to rebuild after the Great Fire of London in 1666.

There is no surviving portrait of Hooke.

He discovered Hooke's Law of elasticity. He designed and ordered the making of telescopes and microscopes, and used both instruments. He reported on this work in a book called "Micrographia" in 1665. He was the first person to see biological cells. He made drawings of bodies in the Solar System, and made the first attempts to measure the distance of certain stars.

Robert Hooke was appointed the Royal Society's first Curator of Experiments in 1662, and he rose to be Secretary of the Royal Society. He took responsibility for experiments performed at its weekly meetings. This was a position he held for over 40 years.

In 1664 Hooke also was appointed Professor of Geometry at Gresham College in London and Cutlerian Lecturer in Mechanics.

On 8 July 1680, Hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the mode of vibration of glass plates. He ran a bow along the edge of a glass plate covered with flour, and saw the nodal patterns emerge.

Hooke did some fundamental work on gravitation and the motion of the planets. Forever after, he was convinced that Newton and the world had cheated him of the credit

He was also known for his work in natural history (biology and geology). He reported on his microsope use in a book called "Micrographica" in 1665. He was the first person to see biological cells, and was the first to use the word 'cell' to describe them.

In 1668, in a talk to the Royal Society, he recognised that fossil shells of unknown marine animals suggested that some species had become extinct.

Hooke achieved fame in his day as Surveyor to the City of London and chief assistant of Christopher Wren. Hooke helped Wren rebuild London after the Great Fire in 1666.

He also worked on the Royal Greenwich Observatory, and the infamous Bethlem Royal Hospital (which became known as 'Bedlam'). Many other buildings were designed by Hooke, including the Royal College of Physicians (1679).

Hooke's collaboration with Christopher Wren included St Paul's Cathedral, whose dome uses a method of construction conceived by Hooke. Hooke also participated in the design of the Pepys Library, which held the manuscripts of Samuel Pepys's diaries, the most frequently cited eyewitness account of the Great Fire of London.

In the reconstruction after the Great Fire, Hooke proposed redesigning London's streets on a grid pattern with wide boulevards. This pattern was used in the later renovation of Paris, Liverpool, and many American cities. The proposal was rejected. The opponents 
argued that in practice property owners were secretly shifting their boundaries. Hooke was in demand to settle many of these disputes, due to his skill as a surveyor and his tact as an arbitrator.


Emission

Emission is a word that originally comes from Latin. Originally it means something that is sent out. Several things can be sent out:


Leo Tolstoy

Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy (9 September 1828 20 November 1910) was a Russian novelist and anarchist, famous for writing the books "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina", and many other works. He was a Christian and believed in non-violence and practiced simple living. His work "The Kingdom of God is within you" has influenced people like Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King.

Tolstoy was born at Yasnaya Polyana, the family estate in the region of Tula, Russia and he married Sofia Andreevna Bers.

Tolstoy died in 1910, at the age of 82. He died of pneumonia.

When he was young his parents died, so he and his siblings were brought up by relatives. At the age of 16, he began studying law and oriental languages. Unfortunately, he left University in the middle of his studies and spent much of his time in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. Later on in his life, he joined the Army with his brother after running up some heavy gambling debts. It was at that time that he started writing.

His conversion from a wealthy society author to the non-violent and spiritual anarchist of his later days was notable. It was caused by his experience in the army as well as two trips around Europe in 1857 and 1860–61. Others who followed a similar path were Alexander Herzen, Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin. During his 1857 visit, Tolstoy saw a public execution in Paris, an experience which marked the rest of his life.

After "Anna Karenina", Tolstoy concentrated on Christian themes, and his later novels such as "The Death of Ivan Ilyich" (1886) and "What Is to Be Done?" (1886) develop a radical Christian philosophy which led to his excommunication from the Russian Orthodox Church in 1901. 

After shaping both his political and literary development in Europe, he returned to Russia and founded 13 schools for Russia's peasant children. 


California wine

People have made wine in the American state of California for a long time. California has become recognized as making some of the world's best wine. California makes most of the wine that is made in America.

People first made wine in California in 1769. Missionaries from Mexico brought their wine plants to produce wine for the mass. Later, people coming from Europe improved the making of wine. They had brought their own kinds of wine plants.

Before 1920, there was more wine made every year. Then Prohibition began. During Prohibition, it was not allowed to sell alcoholic drinks in the United States. It almost ended the making of wine in California. Californian wine-making took a long time to recover.

In 1990, the USA sent less than five percent of its wine to other countries. After that, exports of wine from California increased. Today, the USA is one of the big wine industries.

Wine comes in different colors. Most wines are called "red" or "white". White wine is not really white, it just has a very light color. 54 percent of the Californian wines are white wines. Some examples of white wines are Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc. Some examples of red wines are Zinfandel, Cabernet-Sauvignon, Merlot, and Pinot Noir.

Grapes for wine used to need warm weather. People wanted to grow more grapes, so they learned how to grow them where the weather was not as warm. That way of growing grapes is called "cool climate viticulture". Vines are now planted in colder places, up to above sea level. Monterey County was the first place where that was done.

In California, there are more than 800 wine cellars. Wine cellars are big rooms were wine is stored. They are part of a winery, the place where wine is produced.

Two of the most famous growing areas for wine in California are Napa County and Sonoma County. The wines from those places are some of the best in the world. Some examples of the wines made there are Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon.

Other known wineries are in Mendocino, in the Lake Counties, Santa Maria and Santa Barbara.


Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid

Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a 1969 American movie from 20th Century Fox. George Roy Hill directed it, and John Foreman produced it. It stars Paul Newman and Robert Redford as two robbers in Wyoming who go to Bolivia to escape the law.

The movie was loosely based on the real story of the two title characters (Butch Cassidy and his friend Harry Longabaugh, also called "Sundance"). But it made the legends of the two more popular.

It won four Academy Awards: for Best Cinematography (shooting work on a movie), Best Original Score, Best Song (Burt Bacharach's "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head") and Best Original Screenplay (William Goldman). It was also nominated for Best Picture, Best Director (Hill) and Best Sound. Goldman won the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

It was one of the largest-grossing movies of the 1960s (with $102.3 million in the United States). It was number fifty on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.

At first, Warren Beatty and Steve McQueen (even Marlon Brando) were called upon to play the title roles. When Newman and Redford took their place, the roles were switched, with Newman as Sundance, and Redford as Cassidy. The studio, 20th Century Fox, did not like Redford's role. But the movie's director, Hill, wanted it that way.

As a result, Redford has said that the movie made him a more famous actor.

The Sundance Film Festival is named after Redford's role, as well his Utah ski resort.


1480s

The 1480s was a decade that began on 1 January 1480 and ended on 31 December 1489.



Mehmed II

Mehmed II (; , ; 30 March 14323 May 1481), commonly known as Mehmed the Conqueror (; ), was an Ottoman sultan who ruled from August 1444 to September 1446, and then later from February 1451 to May 1481. In Mehmed II's first reign, he defeated the crusade led by John Hunyadi after the Hungarian incursions into his country broke the conditions of the Peace of Szeged. When Mehmed II ascended the throne again in 1451, he strengthened the Ottoman navy and made preparations to attack Constantinople. At the age of 21, he conquered Constantinople (modern-day Istanbul) and brought an end to the Byzantine Empire, permanently cementing its destruction.

After the conquest Mehmed claimed the title Caesar of the Roman Empire (), based on the fact that Constantinople had been the seat and capital of the surviving Eastern Roman Empire since its consecration in 330 AD by Emperor Constantine I. The claim was only recognized by the Patriarchate of Constantinople. Nonetheless, Mehmed II viewed the Ottoman state as a continuation of the Roman Empire for the remainder of his life, seeing himself as "continuing" the Empire rather than "replacing" it.

Mehmed continued his conquests in Anatolia with its reunification and in Southeast Europe as far west as Bosnia. After conquering Constantinople and getting the Byzantines out of the way, he started making more conquests in the Balkans and focused on his Balkan campaigns, even unsuccessfully laying siege to Belgrade in 1456 at one point. He was also known for his rivalry with Vlad the Impaler, who grew up at his father's court alongside him. Vlad the Impaler had taken control over Wallachia and rebelled against the Ottoman Empire, thus Mehmed II sent an Ottoman army, resulting in a war between the two. The war ended when Vlad was killed by an Ottoman patrol in Wallachia. He was then beheaded with some saying his head was sent to Mehmed II himself at the capital city Constantinople (modern Istanbul) by the Ottoman soldiers. He was also known for his campaigns against Albanian rebel leader Skanderbeg. For most of his reign, Mehmed II was on campaign against either John Hunyadi, Vlad the Impaler or Skanderbeg. Domestically, he made many political and social reforms, encouraged the arts and sciences, and by the end of his reign, his rebuilding program had changed Constantinople into a thriving imperial capital. He is considered a hero in modern-day Turkey and parts of the wider Muslim world. Among other things, Istanbul's Fatih district, Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge and Fatih Mosque are named after him.



The Bold and the Beautiful

The Bold and the Beautiful is a popular American soap opera. After "The Young and the Restless", it is the highest-rated soap opera there.

The series is shown in over 100 countries. About 300 million people watch it every day. This makes "The Bold and the Beautiful" the most watched television series in the world. The first episode was shown on March 23, 1987 on the CBS network. The series was created by the soap opera writer William J. Bell and his wife, Lee Phillip Bell. It is the only American soap opera to have its daily episodes translated into Spanish for the Hispanic viewers in the United States.

The series is set in Los Angeles, California. It tells the story of the Forrester family, who owns a fashion empire called Forrester Creations. The major members of the family are Eric Forrester (played by John McCook), the president of Forrester Creations, his wife Stephanie (Susan Flannery), their eldest son Ridge (Ronn Moss) and Brooke Logan (Katherine Kelly Lang), who was married to both the father and the son. She owns most of Forrester Creations. This is because she created "BeLieF", a formula which earned much money for the company. There used to be a second fashion company called Spectra Fashions. It was Forrester’s main competitor. The conflicts between the Forrester and the Spectra families was one of the major themes of the story.


Primary color

Primary colors (or primary colours in Commonwealth English) are sets of colors that can be mixed to make a useful range of colors. The primary colors are those which cannot be made by mixing other colors in a given color space.

For an additive color model, as in overlapping projected lights or in television and computer screens, the primary colors are red, green, and blue.

For a subtractive color model, as in mixing of pigments or dyes for printing, the CMY(K) set of primaries is often used. In this system the primary colors are cyan, magenta,and yellow. Other sets include the RYB system of red, yellow, blue, especially used by artists. 

Primary colors are not a part of light itself. Instead, they come from the eye's physiological response to light (the way the eye works). For humans, three primary colors are usually used. In other words, human color vision is trichromatic.

Light is truly a long spectrum of the wavelengths that can be seen by the human eye, an infinite-dimensional stimulus space. However, the human eye normally has only three types of color receptors, called cone cells. Each color receptor respond to different ranges of the color spectrum. Humans and other species with three types of color receptors are known as trichromats.

The additive primary colors are red, green, and blue. Because of the response curves of the three different color receptors in
the human eye, these colors are optimal in the sense that the largest range
of colors — a gamut — seen by humans can be made by mixing light of these colours.
Additive mixing of red and green light, makes shades of yellow. Mixing green and blue makes shades of cyan. Mixing red and blue makes shades of magenta, such as purple. Mixing equal proportions of the additive primaries results in shades of grey; when all three colors are fully saturated, the result is white. This color space is called the RGB ("red, green, blue") color space.

Media that use reflected light and colorants to make colors are using the subtractive color method of color mixing. In the printing industry, to produce varying colors, the subtractive primary colors yellow, cyan, and magenta are applied together in varying amounts. Subtractive color works best when the surface or paper is white, or close to it.

Mixing yellow and cyan produces shades of green; mixing yellow with magenta produces shades of red, and mixing magenta with cyan produces shades of blue. In theory, mixing equal amounts of all three pigments should make shades of grey, resulting in black when all three are fully saturated. In practice, they tend to make muddy brown colors. For this reason, a fourth "primary" pigment, black, is often used along with the cyan, magenta, and yellow colors.

The color space with the fourth pigment is the CMYK color space. The abbreviation stands for "Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, and Black" — K stands for "Kohle" (German for coal) and is used to represent black as 'B' could be confused with 'Blue'.

Mixtures of real materials like paint tend to be less precise. Brighter, or more specific colors can be made using natural pigments instead of mixing, and natural properties of pigments can interfere with the mixing. For example, mixing magenta and green in acrylic makes a dark cyan - which would not happen if the mixing process were perfectly subtractive.

Umbilicus

The umbilicus (also called navel or bellybutton) is a place on the body of mammals that is left after a baby loses its umbilical cord. The umbilicus of humans is in the middle of the abdomen. It is usually only easy to see on humans, and is a thin line on many other mammals. In humans, they can be split into two different kinds, the kind that goes in (innie) and the kind that goes out (outie). Different people have different navels that can be different in size, shape, and looks, but these differences are not genetic (you do not get them from looks passed down in your family). The hepatic portal vein passes from the umbilical vein to the liver. When a person becomes fat, the fat usually goes around the umbilicus.

It marks the water shed line of the body. The venus blood & lymph do not cross the umbilical plane.

James Cook

Captain James Cook, FRS (7 November 1728 – 14 February 1779) was a British explorer, navigator and cartographer, the greatest of the 18th century. He sailed through the Pacific Ocean three times, mapped many areas and recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time. He was the first British sailor to visit both the east coast of Australia and the Hawaiian Islands. He made the first European maps of Newfoundland and New Zealand. He wrote extensively about all his discoveries.

He sailed twice around the world. He crossed the Antarctic Circle and visited islands and landscapes in North America and the South Pacific. During his trips, he spent a lot of time on science and improving maps. He wrote books about what he found.

Cook was born on 7 November 1728 in Marton, Yorkshire, England. He was a son of a Scottish farmer. He was educated at the school in Great Ayton and at 17 he began work in a shop at Staithes. At 18, Cook became a sailor and an apprentice to John Walker of Whitby. Walker's business was transporting coal. Cook learned mathematics and navigation from Walker. He studied as much as he could about navigation and science.

In 1755, he joined the Royal Navy. During the Seven Years' War, he participated in the conquest of Canada. After the war, he was sent on three expeditions all over the world with the ship "Endeavour".

His goals on these missions were:

Cook was killed in the Hawaiian Islands in a dispute about a stolen boat.

Cook died on the morning of 14 February 1779. Cook and his men launched from "Resolution" with a company of armed marines. Cook's party numbered eleven: Cook, Marines Lt Molesworth Phillips; Sgt Gibson; Corporals Thomas and Ledyard and six privates. They went directly to the ruling chief's enclosure where Kalaniʻōpuʻu was still sleeping. They woke him and directed him, urgently but without threat, to come with them. As Cook and his men marched the ruler out of the royal enclosure, Cook himself held the hands of the elder chief as they walked away from the town toward the beach. Kalaniʻōpuʻu's favorite wife, saw them as they were leaving and yelled after her husband, but he ignored her and did not stop. She called to the other chiefs and the townspeople to alert them to the departure of her husband. Two chiefs, Kanaʻina (Kalaimanokahoʻowaha), the young son of the former ruler, Keaweʻopala, and Nuaa, the king's personal attendant, followed the group to the beach with the king's wife behind them pleading along the way for the aliʻi nui to stop and come back.

By the time they got to the beach, Kalaniʻōpuʻu's two youngest sons, who had been following their father believing they were being invited to visit the ship again with the ruler, began to climb into the boats waiting at the shore. Kānekapōlei shouted to them to get out of the boat and pleaded with her husband to stop. The ruler then realized that Cook and his men were not asking him to visit the ship, but were attempting to abduct him. At this point he stopped and sat down.

Cook's men were confronted on the beach by an elderly kahuna who approached them holding a coconut and chanting. They yelled at the priest to go away, but he kept approaching them while singing the "mele". When Cook and his men looked away from the old kahuna, they saw that the beach was now filled with thousands of Native Hawaiians. Cook told Kalaniʻōpuʻu to get up but the ruler refused. As the townspeople began to gather around them, Cook and his men began to back away from the hostile crowd and raise their guns. The two chiefs and Kānekapōlei shielded the aliʻi nui as Cook tried to get him to his feet. Some of the crowd called up Cook was going to take their chief;one man advanced toward Cook but was stopped by a marine bayonet. Cook saw the danger of the crowd attacking him; the man who had advanced toward him claimed that his brother had just been killed by the ship's guns and he would be avenged. Cook fired twice at the man; first with a blank and then with ball striking his assailant in the groin. Cook saw that his designs were opposed, and that he could not succeed without bloodshed, ordered Lt Phillips to withdraw the marines and get into the boats. Cook was then hit on the head with a stone and shot and killed the man who had thrown it. The officer in the boats gave an order to fire. Cook and Philips in the rear of the guard perceiving the general fire without orders and ran to the shore to put a stop to it. Unable to make themselves heard they joined the guard who fired as they retreated. Cook reached the margin of the water between the fire of the boats and waved with his hat for them to cease firing and to come in.

Kanaʻina angrily approached Cook, who reacted by striking the chief with the broad (flat) side of his sword. Kanaʻina jumped at Cook and grabbed him. Some accounts state that Kanaʻina did not intend to hit Cook while other descriptions say the chief deliberately struck the navigator across the head with his "leiomano". Either way, Kanaʻina pushed Cook, who fell to the sand. As Cook attempted to get up, Nuaa lunged at him and fatally stabbed him in the chest with a metal dagger, obtained by trade from Cook's ship during the same visit. Cook was stabbed just under the shoulder blade which passed through his body Cook fell with his face in the water. This caused a violent, close-quarters melee between the Hawaiians and Cook's men. Phillips killed the Chief who stabbed Cook with his sword

Four of the Royal Marines (Corporal James Thomas and Privates Theophilus Hinks, Thomas Fachett, and John Allen) were killed and three (Including Phillips) were wounded; these three and three other marines made it to the boats. The remaining sailors and marines, heavily outnumbered, continued to fire as they retreated to their small boat and rowed back to their ship, killing several of the angered people on the beach, including possibly High Chief Kanaʻina. Lt Gore had the ships cannon fired on the crowd Cook's ships did not leave Kealakekua Bay until 22 February; they had remained for another week to continue repair of the mast and collect better-quality drinking water. They were obliged to fire upon the attacking natives and killed a number without loss to themselves. To terrorize the natives two of the dead warriors were beheaded and the heads stuck on the bows of the pinnances

A young William Bligh, the future captain of , later claimed to have been watching with a spyglass from "Resolution" as Cook's body was dragged up the hill to the town by the Native Hawaiians, where it was torn to pieces by them. In fact the natives honoured Cook as a great Chief by the treatment of his remains. On the 22 and 23 of February the remains of Cook were returned to the ship. These were gathered up and buried in the Bay. Ironically the cutter which had been the cause of Cooks death could not be returned as it had been burned for iron.

He had four sons and one daughter. Their names were Elizabeth Cook, Hugh Cook, George Cook, Nathaniel Cook and Joseph Cook.

His father, James Cook, had three sisters and two brothers. Their names were Mary Cook, who died at four; Margaret Cook; William Cook; Jane Cook and John Cook.

Offside rule

The offside rule is one of the oldest football rules, but is still a much discussed rule. This is probably because of the relatively complicated set of provisions provided by the sport's law-making body, the IFAB for deciding if a player in an offside position is actually guilty of an offside offence by becoming involved in active play. It can also be a difficult decision for the referee or assistant referee to make as they need to watch the ball, the player playing the ball and also the attacker who is seeking to receive the ball at the same time. 

Offside is an offence committed by the team which has the ball and is punished with an indirect free kick.
It is a common misconception that the ball must be played forward for an offside offence to be committed. This is incorrect however, as an offside offence is related to the position of the player in relation to the last two opponents, the ball and the opponent's goal line rather than the direction the ball is played. If the player is closer to the opponent's goal line than both the ball and the second-last opponent when it is played by a team mate, she or he is in an offside position. 

But there are some exceptions:

Valentine's Day

Valentine's Day is a celebration that happens on February 14. It is the day of the year when lovers celebrate their love. This can be done by giving flowers, chocolates, Valentine's cards or just a nice gift. Love notes can be given to one another. These notes that people give out are also called "valentines". Some people pick one person and call them their "Valentine" as a gesture to show love and appreciation.

Symbols of Valentine's Day are heart shapes, roses, and Cupid with his arrows.

Valentine's Day is named for the martyred Christian saint named Valentine. He was a bishop that performed marriages between forbidden couples.

Since the 14th century, Valentine's pairs are formed in England. English emigrants then took the Valentine's custom to the United States. After World War II, US soldiers brought this festival to Europe.
In the third century A.D., Valentine was the bishop of Terni (Italy). He performed weddings for couples who were not allowed to get married. They may not have been allowed to get married because the parents did not agree with the connection or because the bridegroom was a soldier or a slave, so the marriage was forbidden. Valentine gave the married couple flowers from his garden. That's why flowers play a very important role on Valentine's Day. This did not please the emperor. On February 14, 269 AD, Valentine was beheaded because of his Christian faith.

An expansion of the legend combines the day of death of Valentine with the Roman festival Lupercalia. It was the festival of the great goddess Lupa, which is the feminine word for wolf. She was the Great She-Wolf who nursed the twin babies, Romulus and Remus, who later became the founders of Rome. During the annual ceremony, the temple priestesses (lupae) wrote their names on strips of papyrus. These were picked by young men. After the lottery, the youngsters walked through the city and got the blessings of the citizens. The martyr Valentine became the patron saint of the lovers. Still in the Middle Ages, as in France or in Belgium, people were chosen by the lottery to live a year with each other and people prayed to Saint Valentine to make love potions and charms.

In the 19th century, the custom of sending Valentine's Cards became very popular. The cards usually have pictures of hearts or flowers and contain some sort of poem, message, or code. Codes and simple messages give some people the courage to show their true feelings to the person they love. Today, some people still use mysterious codes to show their love. People can use newspapers to give a coded message to their loved one, giving other readers a view of the couples' intimacy with one another. Sometimes they will give each other chocolates.

Famous for the popularity of the celebration is the folk song called "Die Vogelhochzeit" ("The Birds' Wedding").

In China, a holiday called Qi Xi is also called "Chinese Valentine's Day", especially by younger people. Qi Xi is traditionally held on the 7th day of the 7th month of the lunar calendar. In recent years, it has become more like Valentine's Day in other countries.

Canary Islands

The Canary Islands are a group of islands off the coast of Africa. They are an autonomous community of Spain (they make their own laws). There are seven main islands. The people who live there speak Spanish. The autonomous community has two capital cities, of equal status: Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Like the other islands of Macaronesia, they were created by volcanoes on the bottom of the sea. Those volcanoes slowly rose above the water and became islands. This process lasted many thousands of years.

The islands have a very long and interesting history. When Europeans first came to the Canary Islands, they found people already living there. These people were called the Guanches. Many of the Guanches were killed in 15th-century battles with the Spanish, and the ones who remained adopted the Spanish way of life. After the Spanish conquest, many battles were also fought against pirates. Most recently Morocco was interested in them. 

After the Spanish conquest, many Europeans settled there. Portuguese and Spaniards, and also Belgians and Maltese were among the early settlers. Recently many people from all over Europe, America, India, and Africa have also become citizens or permanent residents.

The seven islands are: La Palma, La Gomera, El Hierro, Tenerife, Gran Canaria, Lanzarote, and Fuerteventura. People from La Gomera have a whistle language that children there learn at school. Tenerife has the highest mountain in the Canary Islands and Spain too, the Teide. The Teide is actually a volcano, but it has not been active in more than 300 years. 

The islands are popular with tourists because of their warm climate and nice beaches. The local farmers grow lots of exotic fruits including papayas and bananas.

The Canary Islands' main exports include bananas and tobacco.


Edinburgh Airport

Edinburgh Airport (IATA EDI, ICAO: EGPH) is an airport in Scotland. It is one of seven airports in the United Kingdom owned by the company BAA, which also owns Glasgow Airport and Aberdeen Airport in Scotland.

On 19th October 2011, BAA Limited said that it is going to sell Edinburgh Airport. This was done following a decision by the UK's Competition Commission which said that BAA needs to sell either Glasgow or Edinburgh Airport.

In February 2001 a Shorts 360 crashed shortly after taking off from Edinburgh Airport. Both pilots were killed but there were no passengers on board as it was a mail-carrying flight.


Lufthansa

Lufthansa is the largest airline in Germany, and the second-largest in Europe. Some of Lufthansa's hubs are Frankfurt am Main and Munich, Germany. A hub is an airport where people who fly from one city to a second city can transfer or change airplanes.

Lufthansa buys airplanes from Boeing and Airbus. Lufthansa has big airplanes for flights to North America, Asia, and Africa. These flights are called long-haul flights because they are between cities that are far apart from each other. Lufthansa also has small airplanes for flights in Europe. These flights are called short-haul flights.

Lufthansa is a member of the Star Alliance, which means it is a partner with other airlines like United Airlines and Air Canada. Members of the Star Alliance cooperate or work together to schedule their flights better so that travelling is easier for passengers or people.

The name of Lufthansa's frequent flyer program is Miles and More. People earn points for flights they travel on. When they have enough points, they can get a free flight. Lufthansa has "Miles and More" to encourage people to fly with Lufthansa.

Many regional flights are operated Lufthansa Regional with Lufthansa CityLine, Eurowings and Air Dolomiti.

Lufthansa uses these airplanes:


Article has been lengthened.

Orlando Bloom

Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom (born 13 January 1977, in Canterbury, Kent, England) is an English actor. He is most known for his first major movie role as the elf Legolas Greenleaf in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy.

In 1993, he moved to London to improve his career, doing bit parts in TV series like "Casualty". Then he played some theatres like "The Seagull", "Twelfth Night", and "Trojan Women". This is a role that he received some days before graduating the drama school in London.

Here are some movies, in which he played an important character:

871

871 was a common year.


1791

The year of 1791 started on a Saturday in the Gregorian calendar.





1084

Year 1084 (MLXXXIV) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


Chromium

Chromium is a chemical element. Its symbol on the periodic table (a list of all the elements) is Cr. It always has 24 protons, so its atomic number is 24. Its mass number (number of protons and neutrons) is about 54. Most of the times it has 28 neutrons, but different isotopes have more or fewer neutrons. As a metal, it has 24 electrons. Its ions have fewer electrons.

Chromium is a shiny metal. It is reactive, but it reacts with air to produce a very thin coating of chromium(III) oxide, which prevents it from rusting any more. 

Chromium occurs in several oxidation states; +2, +3, and +6 are most common. It forms chemical compounds that are colorful.
There are two main types of chromium ions, which are found in chromium compounds. One type of chromium ion ("Cr", trivalent chromium ) is required by our body and by those of other animals. If we do not get enough chromium, certain parts of our body may not work properly. We get most of the chromium we need from our food we eat. Chromium is also put into vitamins to make sure that we get enough. If we get too much of this type of chromium, it can harm our body.
Another type of chromium ("Cr" (chromate, hexavalent chromium), in the +6 oxidation state) can cause cancer or make people sick, even though most people do not get exposed to it much. It is found in places that make chromium metal, which is why they need to be cleaned up when they close. Hexavalent chromium can be destroyed by reacting it with reducing agents, turning it into Cr (trivalent chromium). They are strong oxidizing agents.

The chromate ion is CrO. Chromates are generally yellow.

The dichromate ion is CrO. Dichromates are red or orange.

Chromium occurs as chromite. Chromite is a mixture of iron(II) oxide and chromium(III) oxide. Its chemical formula is FeCrO. It is heated with sodium carbonate to make sodium chromate, iron(III) oxide, and carbon dioxide. The sodium chromate is reacted with sulfuric acid to produce sodium dichromate. The sodium dichromate is reduced by carbon to chromium(III) oxide. The chromium(III) oxide is reacted with aluminum to make chromium metal. The chromates and dichromates are what make chromium production areas toxic.

Chromium is used in different metal products. Stainless steel is the most common use. It is also used in "chrome plating", where it makes things shiny and stops corrosion. Some chromates were used as pigments, but they are toxic so people do not want to use them anymore. 

Chromium metal is nontoxic. But hexavalent chromium is toxic and carcinogenic, and trivalent chromium is mildly toxic in large quantities.


Neon

Neon is a chemical element on the periodic table. It is part of the noble gas group and it has an atomic number of 10. It is an odorless and tasteless gas. Neon does not react with other elements, so it is found by itself. There is not much neon in the air, and it is clear, so we do not see it.

It was previously thought that Neon could not bond with any other elements, creating compounds. However, there have been a few compounds that have been made with neon, such as NeAuF and NeBeS. 

Two British scientists, Sir William Ramsay and Morris Travers, discovered neon, argon, krypton, and xenon. Together they discovered a brand new gas element in 1898. Four years before, Ramsay, a physical chemist, had found argon and was the first person to isolate helium in 1895. The scientists froze argon, using liquid air, and then evaporated this to collect the gas that is produced. Using a high voltage, they collected the first sample of the gas. To their surprise, the gas illuminated the glass tubes and glowed with bright crimson light.

Upon discovery, the two scientists decided to name the new gas Neon, after the Greek word Neos, meaning the new one. While Ramsay and Travers discovered neon gas, they didn’t invent neon lamps. It wasn’t until 1902 when French engineer and inventor Georges Claude showcased the first neon light.

Neon gas is used in gas discharge lamps. When electricity goes through the neon, it lights up red. Due to this quality, it is used in light up signs. Similar signs use other gases to make other colors, but they are also often called "neon signs". Neon is also a term referring to a type of color that is very bright, such as lime green.


Tin

Tin is a chemical element with symbol Sn (for ) and atomic number 50. It is in Group 14 on the periodic table. It has ten isotopes that are not radioactive, which is more than any other element.

Tin is a silver, somewhat soft metal. It is a post-transition metal. Its melting point is 231.93°C and its boiling point is 2602 °C. It can melt easily in a flame. It is malleable. It makes a crackling sound called tin cry when a piece of it is bent. Tin has more non-radioactive isotopes than any other element.

Tin is found in two allotropes: alpha-tin and beta-tin. Alpha-tin is a brittle, dull, powdery, semimetallic form of tin. It is made when very pure tin is cooled. Beta-tin is the normal shiny, soft, conductive, metallic form. It is made at higher temperatures. The decay of tin by turning from beta-tin to alpha-tin is called "tin pest". Alpha-tin is not wanted in many places. When small amounts of other elements like antimony are added, the tin cannot change into alpha-tin. When alpha-tin is heated, it changes into beta-tin.

Tin can be hardened by adding antimony or copper, as well as some other elements. These also make it resistant to tin pest. Tin can also be made very shiny. Tin can make an alloy with copper called bronze.

Tin resists many corrosive substances and is often used to protect other metals. Salt water and fresh water do not affect tin. It dissolves in strong acids to make tin salts. It reacts with some strong bases.

Tin forms chemical compounds in two oxidation states: +2 and +4. +2 compounds are reducing agents. Some of them are colorless while others are colored. +4 compounds are more unreactive and act more covalent.

Tin burns in air to make tin(IV) oxide, which is white. Tin(IV) oxide dissolves in acids to make other tin(IV) compounds. Tin(IV) chloride is a colorless fuming liquid when anhydrous and a white solid when hydrated. It easily reacts with water to make tin(IV) oxide and an acid again.

Tin reacts with hydrohalic acids to make tin(II) halides. For example, tin(II) chloride is made when tin dissolves in hydrochloric acid. Tin(IV) halides are made when tin reacts with the halogens. Tin(IV) chloride is made when tin reacts with chlorine. Tin(II) sulfate is different as it does not oxidize to tin(IV) sulfate. Tin(II) oxide is a blue-black solid that burns in air to make tin(IV) oxide.

+2 compounds are reducing agents. They are about as common as +4 compounds. Some are colorless, while others are colored.

+4 compounds are unreactive. Some are colorless.


Tin is not found as a metal in the ground. It is normally in the form of cassiterite. Cassiterite is a mineral containg tin(IV) oxide. The cassiterite is normally found downstream of the cassiterite deposit when it is by a stream or river. Tin is also found in some complicated sulfide minerals.

Tin does not have any major job in the human body.

Tin is made by heating cassiterite with carbon in a furnace. China is the biggest maker of tin.

People discovered tin long ago and used it with other metals. When copper and tin are mixed together, bronze is made. Bronze was important in the past, because it was one of the strongest metals available, which meant it was useful in weapons and tools. Bronze changed the world when it was first invented, starting the Bronze Age. People organized themselves more, because making tools from bronze was harder than making them from rock and wood like they did before.

Tin is used in solder. Solder used to contain a mixture of lead and tin. Now the lead is removed because of its toxicity.

Tin is also used to make pewter, which is mainly tin mixed with a small amount of copper and other metals. Babbitt metal also has tin in it. Tin is used to coat several metals, like lead and steel. Tin plated steel containers are used to store foods. The pipes on a pipe organ are made of tin. Tin foil was used before aluminium foil. Tin was one of the first superconductors to be found. Organotin compounds are more common than almost any other organometal compound. They are used in some PVC pipes to stop them from decaying. Organotin compounds are toxic, though.

Tin is not toxic, but tin compounds are very toxic to marine life. They are a little toxic to humans.

Silicon

Silicon is a chemical element. Its atomic number is 14 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Si. It is a hard, brittle crystalline solid. It is a tetravalent metalloid and semiconductor. It is a member of group 14 in the periodic table.

Silicon looks like a metal, but cannot do everything that a metal can, like conduct electricity well. Silicon is used a lot in today's computers and nearly every other electronic device as well. Germanium can also be used in computers, but silicon is much easier to find. 

For example, all of the sand found at the beach is made of small cubes of silicon dioxide also known as silica. Glass is made by heating sand hot enough until it melts. Glass made from silicon can be made in different colours by adding colouring compounds. Many rocks and minerals are composed of compounds of silicon and oxygen called silicates.

Silicon is a semiconductor, and much used in computers. A super-pure isotope of silicon, silicon-28, can now be made 40 times more pure than before. It is very important for the next big development in computers. This stores "qubits" in atoms of another element, like phosphorous, embedded in a tiny layer of ultra-pure silicon-28. These qubits can simultaneously encode a one and a zero, for incredibly fast and complex calculations.


Cadmium

Cadmium is a metal. It is element 48 on the periodic table. Its symbol is "Cd". Its atomic number is 48 and its atomic mass is 112.4. It is found in Group 12 on the periodic table.

Cadmium is a blue-gray soft metal. It can be considered a transition metal or a post-transition metal. It is malleable and ductile. It is similar to zinc. It melts at 321°C.

Cadmium has 8 natural isotopes. 5 are radioactive, but 3 have very long half-lives so their radioactivity is almost nothing. 

Cadmium is a moderately reactive metal. It corrodes in moist air and dissolves in acids. It burns in air when powdered to make the brown cadmium oxide. 

Cadmium forms chemical compounds in two oxidation states: +1 and +2. The +1 state is rare and unstable. The +2 state is much more common. Most +2 compounds dissolve easily in water and are white to yellow. Cadmium oxide can be brown, red, or white. Cadmium sulfide is bright yellow. Cadmium chloride and cadmium sulfate are colorless solids that dissolve easily in water. Cadmium fluoride is slightly soluble. Cadmium compounds are toxic when inhaled.


Cadmium was found by two chemists, German chemist Friedrich Stromeyer discovered it in 1817, and Karl Herman also discovered it in 1818. They were looking at an impurity in zinc carbonate and found cadmium. For about 100 years, Germany made most cadmium. Cadmium iodide was used as a medicine although it was toxic.

Cadmium ores are rare. Greenockite, a cadmium sulfide mineral is the only main ore and it is found with sphalerite, a zinc sulfide. Because of this, most cadmium comes from zinc processing. Cadmium as a metal is very rare but is found in one place in Russia.

China makes the most cadmium. South Korea and Japan also make cadmium. Cadmium is taken from the zinc metal by heating the zinc metal in a vacuum. Cadmium is boiled first. The cadmium is condensed and used. Cadmium is also taken by precipitating it from the solution of zinc sulfate used to make pure zinc by electrolysis.

In the 1930s and 1940s cadmium was mainly used to plate steel to prevent it from corroding. Then cadmium sulfide was used as a pigment in paint. 

Now, cadmium is mainly used in nickel cadmium batteries. 86% of cadmium is used in batteries as of 2009. Some people are trying to stop using nickel-cadmium batteries because cadmium is toxic. Cadmium is still used to electroplate steel to prevent corrosion. Only about 6% of cadmium is used for this. Cadmium is also used in lasers, nuclear reactors, phosphors, photoresistors, pigments, and semiconductors. Wood's metal, an alloy that melts very easily, has cadmium in it. Cadmium is used in some solder. 

Cadmium is not used in the human body or any other animal. A diatom uses cadmium, though. 

Cadmium is a highly toxic metal. Dust of cadmium or its compounds is very dangerous and can kill. Some countries have banned cadmium from electronics. Cigarette smoking is the most important source of cadmium. Smokers have about 4 times more cadmium in their blood than nonsmokers (people who do not smoke). Cadmium is thought to be carcinogenic, although people still debate whether it is other things with the cadmium that cause cancer, like arsenic.

Krypton

Krypton is a stable noble gas. It has an atomic number of 36. The name "krypton" comes from the Greek word "kryptos" meaning "hidden". It is used in fluorescent lamps, flashbulbs, and as a wavelength standard. The metre used to be defined as 1,650,763.73 wavelengths in a vacuum of krypton gas. 
Because it is a gas, it does not react with many elements. It is clear and has no taste or smell. The atmosphere is only about one millionth part krypton. Krypton has very few compounds.

The main use for krypton is to make light. There is one main type of krypton light bulbs. This is called a gas discharge lamp. There are three main types of these. First is a low energy gas discharge lamp or "neon light". Low energy gas discharge lights made from krypton are near white to green. Second is a high energy short length of time gas discharge light or "flash bulb". These are mostly used for photography. They are bright blue-white. Third is a high energy gas discharge light. This third kind is mostly used to light airport runways. They are also bright blue-white.

Krypton was found by Sir William Ramsay and Morris Travers in Great Britain in 1898. Ramsay was given the 1904 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on noble gases. It was a difficult gas to discover; Ramsay suspected it existed but only found it by removing other gases. This is why he gave it the name Krypton. There is no mineral called Kryptonite or planet called Krypton, which both feature in the Superman comics by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The fictional planet is probably better known than the real chemical element called Krypton.


Noble gas

The noble gases are a group of elements that are all gases. These elements are all in group 18 of the periodic table. All of them are monoatomic, meaning each molecule is a single atom. They almost never react with other elements. This is because they have a full 8 electrons outer electron shell. There are six noble gases:


All of these gases are found in air. They make up around 0.96% of the atmosphere. Noble gas compounds can be formed from noble gases.

When the noble gases are used in cold cathode tubes to produce light, each of them has a different colour. Since Radon is radioactive, it is usually not used for lighting. Here are pictures of what the others look like:

Oganesson (element 118) is probably the next noble gas after Radon because it is the next box down in the same group. However it has a half life of 0.89 ms, after which it decays to Livermorium (Element 116). This means its use is probably limited.

Noble gases were discovered by Lord Rayleigh and Sir William Ramsay. Rayleigh won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1904 for his work on noble gas. Ramsay won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1904 for his work with noble gas.

Polonium

Polonium is a rare radioactive metalloid. It is chemical element 84 on the periodic table and its symbol is Po. It was discovered in 1898 by Marie and Pierre Curie.

Polonium is highly unstable, radioactive and toxic. This makes it difficult to handle. It can be dangerous, even in very small amounts. One gram of Po will self-heat to a temperature of about . It also vaporizes easily.

Polonium has 33 isotopes, and all of them are radioactive. It is a very rare element in nature because of its short half-life. It is a breakdown product of uranium, so it is found in uranium ores. 

Polonium is also very important because it the main element of nuclear bombs.

Bismuth

Bismuth is a chemical element. It is element 83 on the periodic table and its symbol is "Bi". Its atomic mass is 209. It is only slightly radioactive. The radioactivity is minimal so it is typically seen as nonradioactive. Bismuth is only naturally found as one isotope, which is the almost nonradioactive one. Its radioactivity was predicted by scientists and proven by analyzing the metal. It is in Group 15 on the periodic table. 

Bismuth is a silver metal with a pink tinge to it. This pink color is because of its oxide coating. Bismuth is a post-transition metal. It is one of the strongest diamagnetic metals. It is almost as heavy as lead. It is quite brittle. It can make crystals with a shiny surface. Its melting point is quite low: , which is normal for post-transition metals. As a liquid it is denser and has a smaller volume than as a solid. Another chemical that does this is water. It does not conduct electricity or heat very well.

Bismuth is somewhat similar to antimony. Bismuth makes a thin coating of bismuth(III) oxide when it is in air. This makes the colors on the crystals. It does not oxidize any more than the oxide layer. It burns when powdered with a bright blue flame, making yellow bismuth(III) oxide fumes. Bismuth also reacts with sulfur, when molten. Bismuth reacts with nitric acid to make bismuth(III) nitrate and concentrated sulfuric acid to make bismuth(III) sulfate and sulfur dioxide. It reacts with halogens to make bismuth(III) halides but with fluorine it makes bismuth(V) fluoride unless the fluorine is diluted.

Bismuth forms chemical compounds in two main oxidation states: +3 and +5. +3 is more common. +3 compounds are weak oxidizing agents and are normally light yellow. +5 compounds are strong oxidizing agents. Bismuthates are the most common +5 compounds. Bismuth(V) fluoride is another +5 compound. Bismuth(V) oxide is an unstable red solid. Bismuth sulfide is a common ore of bismuth. Bismuthine, a bismuth hydride, is very unstable and only can be made at very cold temperatures. Bismuth makes many oxy- compounds like bismuth oxychloride. These compounds are made when bismuth halides dissolve in water.

+3 compounds are weak oxidizing agents except for bismuthine. They are normally pale yellow.

Bismuth(V) oxides (+5 compounds) are very strong oxidizing agents. Its chemical formula is BiO. It is a scarlet red solid. It decomposes to bismuth(III) oxide and oxygen easily. It is made by electrolysis of bismuth(III) oxide in a hot concentrated alkali like sodium hydroxide.

Bismuth was known since ancient times. It was confused with tin and lead, though. No one is credited for discovering bismuth. In the 1500s, people started realizing that bismuth was different than tin or lead.

Bismuth is not very common in the earth. It is only about twice as common as gold. Bismite, a bismuth oxide mineral, and bismuthinite, a bismuth sulfide, are two common ores. Bismuth is sometimes found as a metal, too.

Bismuth and its minerals are too rare to be mined. They are gotten by "secondary extraction". It is normally found in lead metal. The lead metal is purified by electrolysis, leaving the bismuth behind as a sludge on the bottom of the container. The copper is taken out of the sludge and the bismuth is purified by being reduced in a furnace and all the impurities are filtered out.

China makes the most bismuth. Peru, Mexico, and Japan also make bismuth.

Bismuth can also be recycled. This is difficult in many places because bismuth is used for things like bullets, solder, and stomach medicine that get scattered all over and cannot easily be gotten again.

Bismuth is used in alloys with very low melting points. Some of them melt in hot water. They are also found in solder that does not have lead in it. It can make alloys with other metals to make them more malleable. It is also used in bullets to replace lead. In some places lead bullets are outlawed as birds eat them and get lead poisoning. It is also used in alloys for plumbing. It is used in fishing sinkers. 

Bismuth is used in some medicines such as Pepto-Bismol. This medicine has bismuth subsalicylate in it. It is also used as an internal deodorant and to treat eye infections and peptic ulcers.

Bismuth oxychloride is used in cosmetics. Bismuth telluride is used in electronic thermometers. Another compound is used in superconductors and becomes a superconductor at a high temperature. It can be used as a pigment and in fireworks to make crackling sounds. It is used in the nuclear fuel of a nuclear reactor.

Bismuth is much less toxic than other heavy metals. This is why it is replacing lead in many things. It does not add up in the body like other heavy metals do. A very large amount of bismuth can poison the kidneys and liver, though. Because its oxide does not dissolve in water, it is considered safe for the environment. Bismuth's radioactivity is so weak that it's not considered a hazard.

Iridium

Iridium is the 77th element on the periodic table. Its symbol is Ir and its atomic number is 77.

Iridium is a metal. Like other metals in the platinum group, Iridium is a rare and expensive "noble metal" and is a transition metal. It looks like platinum and is found in asteroids and comets. It is exceptionally hard-wearing. 

Iridium deposits are used to identify relative dates of collisions of foreign bodies. Iridium can fold and bend just like aluminum, and remains very shiny. Most iridium is found in the Americas, though some is mined in Myanmar, South Africa, and Russia. Iridium melts at 2410 °C, and boils at 4130 °C. It is the most corrosion-resistant metal.

Iridium is not needed in the body. It is used for the tips of pens. The main uses of iridium are the metal itself and its alloys.

A man named Smithson Tennant first found it in the year 1803 and is was named after Iris in Greek mythology. Smithson Tennant found it in the remains when he left crude platinum in a mixture of hydrochloric acid and nitric acid.

Transition metal

The transition metals are a group of metals that are found in the middle of the periodic table. The alkaline earth metals, beginning with beryllium are to the left and the boron group elements are to the right. The term "transition element" was invented for them in 1921.

The atomic numbers of these metals are from 21 to 30, 39-48, 57, 72-80, 89 and 104-112. Many elements like Zn, Cd, Hg, La and Ac have a highly debatable position in the transition series of elements. La and Ac are also classed in the lanthanide series and actinide series respectively.

Transition metals have several general properties. They are harder and less reactive than the alkaline earth metals. They are also harder than the post transition metals. They make colorful chemical compounds with other elements. Most of them have more than one oxidation state. Like other metals, they are electrical conductors.

Some of the transition metals are necessary to keep humans healthy, such as iron, zinc, and chromium. Other elements in the transition metals can be harmful to our body, like cadmium and mercury. Other elements like gold or silver do not harm or help us. There are more transition metals than any other groups in the periodic table.

Only a few of the transition metals are colored; most of them are silver-gray or silver-bluish.

Osmium

Osmium is a chemical element. It is element number 76 on the periodic table. Its symbol is "Os".

There is not much osmium on earth. There is actually such a small amount that osmium is very expensive.

Osmium is a metal and it does not react very much, and such a metal is known as a "noble metal".

Osmium is the densest (heaviest for the same amount) element on the periodic table.

It was discovered in 1804 by Smithson Tennant in London, England. He found it together with Iridium in a bit of Platinum, which he had dissolved in Aqua regia.

Osmium has a blue-grey hue and is the densest stable element; it is about twice as dense as lead and slightly denser than iridium. Osmium is a hard but brittle metal that stays shiny even at high temperatures. It has a very low squeezability. Accordingly, its size module is extremely high, reported between 395 and 462 GPa, which is comparable to that of diamond (443 GPa). The hardness of osmium is moderately high at 4 GPa. Because of its hardness, brittleness, low vapour pressure, and very high melting point, solid osmium is difficult to machine, form, or work.

Radon

"Radon" is a chemical element in the periodic table. It is element 86 on the periodic table and its symbol is Rn. It is an odorless, tasteless noble gas. It is quite radioactive and can decay very quickly. 27 isotopes of Radon are known today. The most stable of them has a half life of about 3.8 days. 

Radon is a gas and is part of the group known as the noble gases. It does not react with other elements, so it is found pure. Radon is radioactive, meaning that it can give off harmful rays. Some people have high levels of radon in their houses, and this can be very dangerous. A lot of radon can get stuck in the basement of old houses, and so people end up breathing it in. It gets stuck in the lungs and has been known to cause cancer. There are groups that try to make sure there is no dangerous radon in houses.

It can occur naturally on the Earth but is a very small amount. As elements like Thorium and Uranium decay, some of that gets turned into Radon.

Radon can cause lung cancer and is the second most popular cause of lung cancer straight after smoking.

Radon was the fifth radioactive element to be discovered, in 1899 by Ernest Rutherford and Robert B. Owens at McGill University in Montreal, after uranium, thorium, radium, and polonium. In 1899, Pierre and Marie Curie saw that the gas given off by radium remained radioactive for a month. Later that year, Rutherford and Owens noticed different types of them when trying to measure radiation from thorium oxide.

It is sometimes used in radiation therapy. However, it is very dangerous to use.

FTP

FTP, also known as File Transfer Protocol, is a communication protocol for the rapid, simple transmission of files across a network supporting the TCP/IP. This network is generally the Internet, or a local network. FTP is a way of accessing files on another computer. FTP uses the Client-Server architecture, meaning that there is a server, that holds the files, and does the authentication, and a client, or the end-user, who is accessing the files. The server listens on the network for connection requests from other computers. The client can make a connection to the FTP server by using FTP client software. Once connected and authenticated (via rsh or SFTP) the client can do things such as uploading files to the server, downloading files (taking the server's files and putting them on his own computer) from the server, and renaming, deleting files on the server, changing file permissions, etc.

Most modern operating systems support FTP. This implies that any computer connected to a TCP/IP based network can manipulate files on another computer on that network regardless of which operating systems are involved, provided that they are open to FTP connections. There are many existing FTP client and server programs, many of these are available free, or open source.

FTP connection is also seen in cellular phones when trying to transfer or receive data from a computer nearby.

FTP server return codes show their status by the digits within them. A short explanation of various digits' meanings are given below:


FTP may run in "active" or "passive" mode, which determines how the data connection is established. In both cases, the client creates a TCP control connection from a random, usually an unprivileged, port N to the FTP server command port 21.


Some popular open source FTP server implementations are:


Hypertext Transfer Protocol

Hypertext Transfer Protocol (usually abbreviated to HTTP) is a communications protocol. It is used to send and receive webpages and files on the internet. It was developed by Tim Berners-Lee and is now coordinated by the W3C.

HTTP/1.1 is the most-used version today, and RFC 2616 completely explains how it should work. As of April 2023, about 39% of websites already use the next version, HTTP/2 (which works in nearly all web browsers), and over 27% of websites already work with the newest version, HTTP/3, which came out in 2022. HTTP/3 is faster for most webpages in the real world. It is faster than both HTTP/2 and HTTP/1.1, sometimes more than three times as fast as HTTP/1.1.

The secure variant of HTTP is called HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure), and is used by more than 79% of websites, such as payment websites (if it's not used, then it's a clear signal that the payment site is a scam).

HTTPS is used by default by most web browsers (even if not requested by the user), assuming the web server supports it. If browsing to a website, and the web browser shows it starting with codice_1 without an codice_2 before the colon (or an unlocked icon is seen), then that website is not secure, then passwords or other data sent to them can be stolen. HTTPS encrypts all the information that is sent and received. This can stop malicious users such as hackers from stealing the information. HTTPS uses port 443 for communication instead of port 80.
HTTP works as such, a user agent, usually meaning the web browser, connects to a (web) server. A user agent could also be a web crawler, or so-called "spider", but most users do not use such tools (they are used by search engines, such as Google). The server must be located using a URL or URI. It normally connects to port 80 on a computer.

The request message (for HTTP/1.1 and older) contains the following (i.e. it's in plain text; no longer used with HTTP/2 and later):


The request line and headers must all end with two characters: a carriage return followed by a line feed, often written <CR><LF>. The empty line must consist of only <CR><LF> and no other whitespace. In the HTTP/1.1 protocol, all headers except Host: are optional.

A request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with HTTP clients before the HTTP/1.0 standard.

Ethernet

Ethernet is a way of connecting computers together in a local area network or LAN. It has been the most widely used method of linking computers together in LANs since the 1990s. The basic idea of its design is that multiple computers have access to it and can send data at any time. This is comparatively easy to engineer. 

If two computers send data at the same time, a collision will occur. When this happens, the data sent is not usable. In general, both computers will stop sending, and wait a random amount of time, before they try again. A special protocol was developed to deal with such problems. It is called Carrier sense multiple access with collision detection or CSMA/CD.

There are different Ethernet standards. Today, Ethernet cables look like thick telephone cables. They connect to boxes called hubs or switches. Each cable runs from a computer's network interface card (NIC) to such a box. This cable is called 10BaseT or 100BaseT, or 1000BaseT Cable.

All cable types:

Today, the cables for 10BaseT, 100BaseT, and 1000BaseT are the same. Their transmission medium is unshielded twisted pair for Category 5 (UTP-Cat5) or 5e. Shielded cable (STP-Cat5 or Cat5e) can be used when there is a lot of electrical noise, and Category 6 (UTP-Cat6 or STP-Cat6) works better with faster signals such as 1GBit or 10GBit.

Other devices, such as video game consoles, can also be connected using the same kind of cabling. Certain computer peripherals, for example printers and certain hard disks can be directly connected to the network with such cables.

Ethernet can go at different speeds. In the beginning, Ethernet was at 10 MBits per second. The Ethernet most often used today is at 100 MBits per second. Most new computers now have the NIC built in, and can go at 1GBit per second. There are also standards for 1GBit per second and 10 GBit per second. 100 MBit can usually talk to 10 MBit, and 1 GBit can talk to 100 MBit and usually to 10 MBit (both full and half duplex).

Obesity

Obesity is the condition of being much too heavy for one's height so that one's health is affected. In other words, it means to be too overweight. Also known as being fat. It is considered a disease and has been described as an epidemic and a form of suicide.

To know if a person is overweight, the body mass index (BMI) is calculated, by dividing the person's weight (in kilograms), by their height (in metres) squared (multiplied by itself). (This is only meaningful for adults who are fully grown, and should not be used for children. Growth charts can be used to measure obesity in children.)

A BMI between 18.5 and 25 is considered "normal". People with a BMI of 25 or more are said to be overweight; with 30 and above, they are considered obese, and with 35 and above, they are considered "severely obese" (this used to be called "morbidly obese"). In general, the BMI number is a good quantifiable measurement of a person's obesity. However, it is a poor predictor in people who are very athletic, because a person with a higher than average amount of muscle tissue will weigh more than an average person, thus resulting in a BMI that is higher than normal, even if that person is very large.

In 2024 a study of more than 220 million people in almost 200 countries, found that more than 1 billion people were obese. Between 1990 and 2022 obesity in women increased from 8.8% to 18.5% and for men from 4.8% to 14%.

The most common cause for obesity is eating more calories than are used by the body. Other factors that often contribute to obesity are:

Genetics are known to contribute to obesity. Low levels of leptin, a hormone, is linked to obesity.

Many health problems are associated with obesity. An example is Type 2 diabetes. A woman with a BMI higher than 35 is 93 times more likely to develop diabetes. A 2009 review found that people with a BMI between 40 and 50 were 22.5 times more likely to die from diabetes than people with BMIs between 22.5 and 25.

An obese woman is more likely to have an unhealthy baby.

Risk is associated with where the excess fat is stored on the body. Abdominal obesity is particularly dangerous.

Some people think that the idea that obesity causes bad health is not completely true and has been exaggerated. An example is J. Eric Oliver. He wrote a book called "Fat Politics: The Real Story Behind America's Obesity Epidemic". There is evidence for this belief.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in 2003 that 400,000 people died because of being obese in 2000. Then in 2004 they said that the number was wrong. A 2013 review of scientific papers found that Grade 1 obesity (BMI 30-34.9) is not associated with increased deaths. Grades 2 (BMI 35-39.9) and 3 (40+) obesity are associated with much higher rates of death. It has been suggested that obesity is associated with mortality (death) because of mortality in Grade 2 and 3 obesity. People with grade 2 and 3 obesity are 29% more likely to die.

'Metabolically healthy obesity' is increasingly being recognized. Up to 40% of obese people are metabolically healthy. They are not more likely to get heart disease or die than metabolically healthy non-obese people.

The 'obesity paradox' is a term used to describe how obesity can lower the risk of death. Obesity increases the chance of getting heart disease. But obese people with heart disease are less likely to die in a 7-year period. The obesity paradox has also been found in patients with stroke, diabetes, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Scientists have not yet found a 'cure' for obesity that most people are willing to implement. It is common wisdom that people who lose weight will regain it all within 5 years.
However, this position has been scientifically challenged for over a decade. Additionally, modern research has achieved significantly higher success rates than the figure that dominates the popular internet. Therefore, diet and exercise is the most common recommended treatment for obesity - it has the potential for a very high treatment success rate.

Surgery can be used to treat obesity. Gastric bypass is the most common weight loss surgery. It makes a person's stomach smaller so that they feel full after eating less food and causes their body to absorb less calories. People who have surgery are usually very obese. In Britain there are long waiting lists for this. It is very easy to get this surgery in Turkey. Seven Britons have died after having weight loss surgery there since 2019 and many more have had serious problems.

Some people think that obesity should not be treated at all. This position is contradicted by substantial medical research.
Weight loss medicines can make people want to eat less or make less of the energy from food be absorbed by their bodies. The only weight loss drug approved by the FDA for long term use is orlistat. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has not approved other drugs because they have side effects. Also they are worried that people who are not obese will take them.

In the West, people associate obesity with negative characteristics such as laziness, ugliness, stupidity, etc. Discriminating against someone because of their weight is legal in the United States. The fat acceptance movement says that this is wrong and is a kind of prejudice called fatphobia. In some cultures, obesity is viewed as positive. To those cultures, obesity is associated with wealth, beauty, and fertility.


Rn

Rn or RN could mean:

Phillips Academy

Phillips Academy (also called Andover, Phillips Andover, or PA) is a high school for boys and girls in Andover, Massachusetts, near Boston, USA. The school is a boarding school. 75% of the students live there.

Phillips Academy is one of the oldest private boarding schools in the United States. Two American Presidents, George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush, went to school there.

Phillips Academy was founded during the American Revolution as an all-boys school in 1778. The great seal of the school was designed by Paul Revere. George Washington's nephews went to the school, and he once spoke at an assembly while visiting. John Hancock, the famous signer of the United States Declaration of Independence, signed the articles of incorporation.

Phillips Exeter Academy was made three years later in Exeter, New Hampshire by Samuel Phillips' uncle John. The football teams have played against each other almost every year since 1878. This makes their rilvalry one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country.

Paul Revere put bees, a beehive, and the sun into the school's great seal. The school's main motto, "Finis Origine Pendet", means "the end depends upon the beginning." It is written at the bottom of the seal. The school's second motto, "Non Sibi" means "not for self." 

Gluttony

Gluttony is a wasting of resources. Usually it is food that is wasted. Either one person eats too much, or the person does something so the food (or the resources) do not reach those who need it.

In Christianity, this is considered to be one of the Seven deadly sins.

Greed

Greed is a desire to have more goods, or more wealth than is needed. Christianity says that greed is one of the Seven deadly sins. There it is listed as "avarice", or in Latin "avaritia".

Mazurek Dąbrowskiego

"Mazurek Dąbrowskiego" (, meaning "Dąbrowski's Mazurka") is the national anthem of Poland. It is commonly called "Poland is Not Yet Lost" in English. The words of the song were written in 1797 by a Polish nobleman named Józef Wybicki. Kazimierz Sikorski rearranged the song's music, though the original composer is not known. It was officially adopted as the country's national anthem in 1927.


Fornication

Fornication is a word that means having sex with someone who is not your spouse. Many Christians and Muslims believe it is sinful.

Profit

Profit is how much money somebody (normally a company) makes. This is found by subtracting how much money they have spent ("expenditure") from how much money they have brought in (revenue).

If John spends $15 on some ice cream cones, and then sells them for $20, he has made a profit of $5. This is because he made $20 but when the $15 he used to buy the ice cream cones is subtracted, what is left is $5. In the end, he has $5 more than he had before he bought and sold the ice cream cones.

Roasting

Roasting is a way of cooking. Something gets roasted if it is put over a fire, and some is burnt. The same effect can also be attained with a grill at a barbecue.

In different countries people like to roast different things. People usually roast meats such as pork, beef, chicken, lamb, and duck. The roasted meat, along with its accompanying vegetables, is often called a roast.

Most meat being roasted has to cook for a relatively long time, to ensure that it is cooked through. Variations to this include lamb and beef, which may be left "pink" or partially uncooked towards the centre.

Other things can be roasted too. For example, vegetables, coffee and chocolate. Coffee and chocolate are always roasted.

Influenza

Influenza, better known as the flu and sometimes called the grippe, is a common childhood illness, but is not as common among adults. It is not limited to humans, most mammals and many birds can also catch influenza. It is caused by several different viruses, termed influenza viruses A, B, C, and D.

Human influenza can pass from one person to another very easily. It is most commonly spread by the microscopic droplets of mucus and fluid that are sent into the air when the sick person coughs or sneezes. Symptoms include cough, sore throat, muscle aches and pains, fever, headache, and rarely vomiting and diarrhea. Influenza can also lead to other diseases, such as pneumonia. This makes it especially dangerous to young children and elderly people.

Although there is no cure for influenza, antiviral drugs can be used to treat the illness so it is not as severe and does not last as long. Influenza vaccines are available worldwide, and are quite effective. They are changed each year as the virus changes.

The influenza season runs from late fall to spring because most people catch it in the winter months. When there are more cases of influenza than expected, it will sometimes be called an epidemic. When there are a large number of cases of the same type of influenza all over the world, it is often called a pandemic.

The virus is ancient. It has infected humans for centuries.

Small changes that happen as flu is passed from one person to another is the most common way flu viruses change. This is the main reason that people can catch the flu every year.

The CDC keeps track of the different flu viruses that are circulating, and gives this information to the companies that make flu "shots". Since the flu changes so much from year to year, flu shots have to be given each new flu season.

Flu shots only protect against the most common flu viruses, and every now and then a slightly different type spreads more than expected. Usually when this happens, the existing flu shot gives some protection so that even if a person who had a flu shot catches it, they do not get as sick.

Some flu viruses are caught from animals. Bird flu, for example, is usually only caught by people in contact with sick birds (usually chickens). These types of flu virus are usually very limited, and while they can make a person very ill, usually other people do not catch the virus from the sick person.

Another way that the flu can change is when a person or animal catches two different flu viruses. The two viruses can exchange some of their genetic information, which can create a brand new flu that nobody has ever caught before.

If an animal flu virus changes in this way to one that can easily pass from human to human, many people become ill because nobody has any immunity to the new virus. Often, a brand new virus is more severe and kills more people.

New types of flu virus are usually what causes pandemics, and that is the reason many scientists have been following bird flu so closely—it kills six people out of every ten who catch it. This would be a very serious problem if it changes enough to spread easily between people.

This new flu virus got its name because it contains genetic parts that are commonly found in flu viruses that infect pigs. It is not spread by pigs or by eating pork—this is a new human virus being spread by humans. The name was the 2009 flu pandemic.


Pancreas

The pancreas is an organ that makes hormones and enzymes to help digestion. The pancreas helps break down carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. The pancreas is behind the stomach and is on the left side of the human body.

The part of the pancreas that makes hormones is called the Islets of Langerhans. The Islets of Langerhans are a small part (2%) of the total cells in the pancreas. The Islets of Langerhans change which chemical they make depending on how much of other chemicals are already in the blood. So, the pancreas works to keep the level of chemicals in balance in the body. If the Islets of Langerhans stop working, a person will suffer from a disease called diabetes. Doctors are experimenting with taking the Islets of Langerhans cells from a donor body and putting them into the pancreas of a person with diabetes to make that person well.

The pancreas belongs to two systems of the body: the digestive system for its role in breaking down nutrients, and the endocrine system for producing hormones.

The pancreas releases these hormones:

The pancreas releases many different enzymes to help digestion:


Chloroplast

A chloroplast is a small organelle inside the cells of plants and algae. They absorb light to make sugar in a process called photosynthesis. The sugar can be stored in the form of starch. 

Chloroplasts contain the molecule chlorophyll, which absorbs sunlight for photosynthesis. In addition to chlorophyll, a chloroplast uses carbon dioxide (CO) and water (HO) to form sugar and gives off oxygen (O). 

Chlorophyll is what gives green plants their green colour. Chloroplasts also contain various yellow and orange pigments to assist in photon capture for photosynthesis.

Each chloroplast is surrounded by a double walled semi-permeable membrane. These are collectively known as peristromia. In the layered stacks are flat disk-shaped thylakoids. They contain light-absorbing pigments, including chlorophyll and carotenoids, as well as proteins which bind the pigments. Like mitochondria, chloroplasts also contain their own DNA and ribosomes.

Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell. They may have originated as endosymbiotic cyanobacteria. This was suggested by Konstantin Mereschkowski in 1905, after an observation by Schimper in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resembled cyanobacteria. 

Almost all chloroplasts are thought to derive directly or indirectly from a single endosymbiotic event. 

Mitochondria also had a similar origin, but chloroplasts are found only in plants and protists. In green plants, chloroplasts are surrounded by two lipid-bilayer membranes. They may be the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium. Chloroplasts have their own genome, much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria. The DNA which remains shows clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome. 

Plastids may contain 60–100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes. Many of the missing genes are encoded in the nuclear genome of the host. 

In some algae (such as the heterokonts), chloroplasts seem to have evolved through a secondary event of endosymbiosis, in which a eukaryotic cell engulfed a second eukaryotic cell containing chloroplasts. This formed chloroplasts with three or four membrane layers. In some cases, such secondary endosymbionts may have themselves been engulfed by still other eukaryotes, so forming tertiary endosymbionts. In the alga "Chlorella", there is only one chloroplast, which is bell-shaped.

In some groups of mixotrophic protists such as the dinoflagellates and some sea slugs, chloroplasts are separated from a captured alga or diatom and used temporarily. These klepto (stolen) chloroplasts may only have a lifetime of a few days and are then replaced.

Chlorophyll

Chlorophyll is a pigment that gives plants their green colour. Chlorophyll is a chemical in the chloroplasts of plants. It allows plants to absorb and use light. Energy from the light is used in photosynthesis to make glucose. This contains lots of stored energy which the plant needs to release. It does this through respiration. This energy is then used when the plant grows or repairs damage. Chlorophyll also makes the stem and leaf of the plant green.

Chlorophyll is a green pigment in almost all plants, algae, and cyanobacteria. It absorbs light most strongly in the blue portion of the electromagnetic spectrum, followed by the red portion. However, it is a poor absorber of green and near-green portions of the spectrum. Chlorophyll was first isolated in 1817.

Chlorophyll is necessary for photosynthesis, which allows plants to obtain energy from light.

Chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around the membranes of chloroplasts. It serves two main functions. The function of most chlorophyll (up to several hundred molecules per photosystem) is to absorb light and transfer that light energy to reaction centres. These pigments are named after the wavelength (in nanometers) of their red-peak absorption maximum. These chlorophyll pigments can be separated in a simple paper chromatography experiment.

The function of the reaction center chlorophyll is to use the energy transferred to it from the other chlorophyll pigments to undergo a specific redox reaction. In this reaction the chlorophyll gives an electron to an electron transport chain. This reaction is how photosynthetic organisms such as plants produce O gas, and is the source for practically all the O in Earth's atmosphere. Photosystem I typically works in series with Photosystem II.

The electron flow produced by the reaction center chlorophyll pigments is used to shuttle H ions across the membrane, setting up a chemiosmotic potential used mainly to produce ATP chemical energy; and those electrons ultimately reduce NADP to NADPH, a universal reductant used to reduce CO into sugars as well as for other biosynthetic reductions.

A green sea slug, "Elysia chlorotica", has been found to use the chlorophyll it has eaten to perform photosynthesis for itself. This process is known as kleptoplasty, and no other animal has been found to have this ability.

It still is unclear exactly why plants have mostly evolved to be green. Green plants reflect mostly green and near-green light rather than absorbing it. Other parts of the system of photosynthesis still allow green plants to use the green light spectrum (e.g. through a light-trapping leaf structure, carotenoids, etc.). Green plants do not use a large part of the visible spectrum as efficiently as possible. A black plant can absorb more radiation, and this could be very useful, notwitstandanding the problems of disposing of this extra heat (e.g. some plants must close their openings, called stoma, on hot days to avoid losing too much water). More precisely, the question becomes why the only light absorbing molecule used for power in plants is green and not simply black.

The biologist John Berman has said that evolution is not an engineering process, so it often has limits that an engineer or other designer does not. Even if black leaves were better, evolution's limitations can prevent species from becoming as efficient as possible. Berman wrote that achieving pigments that work better than chlorophyll could be very difficult. In fact, all higher plants (embryophytes) are believed to have evolved from a common ancestor that is a sort of green algae – so chlorophyll has evolved only once (common ancestor).
Shil DasSarma, a microbial geneticist at the University of Maryland, has pointed out that species of archaea use another light-absorbing molecule, retinal, to get power from the green spectrum. Some scientists believe that green-light-absorbing archae were once the most common in the earth environment. This could have left open a "niche" for green organisms which would absorb the other wavelengths of sunlight. This is just a possibility, and Berman wrote that scientists are still not convinced of any one explanation.

Chlorophyll is a chlorin pigment, which is structurally similar to and produced through the same metabolic pathway as other porphyrin pigments such as haem. At the center of the chlorin ring is a magnesium ion. For the structures depicted in this article, some of the ligands attached to the Mg center are omitted for clarity. The chlorin ring can have several different side chains, usually including a long phytol chain. There are a few different forms that occur naturally, but the most widely distributed form in terrestrial plants is chlorophyll "a". The general structure of chlorophyll "a" was worked out by Hans Fischer in 1940. By 1960, when most of the stereochemistry of chlorophyll "a" was known, Robert Burns Woodward published a total synthesis of the molecule. In 1967, the last remaining stereochemical elucidation was completed by Ian Fleming, and in 1990 Woodward and co-authors published an updated synthesis. In 2010, a near-infrared-light photosynthetic pigment called chlorophyll f might have been discovered in cyanobacteria and other oxygenic microorganisms that form stromatolites.

The different structures of chlorophyll are summarized below:

Chlorophyll Content meters measure the optical absorption of a leaf to estimate its chlorophyll content. Chlorophyll molecules absorb in the blue and red bands, but not the green and infra-red bands. Chlorophyll content meters measure the amount of absorption at the red band to estimate the amount of chlorophyll present in the leaf. To compensate for varying leaf thickness, Chlorophyll Meters also measure absorption at the infrared band which is not significantly affected by chlorophyll.
The chlorophyll content of leaves can be non-destructively measured using hand-held, battery-powered meters. The measurements made by these devices are simple, quick and relatively inexpensive. They now have large data storage capacity, averaging and graphical displays.

Measurement of the absorption of light is complicated by the solvent used to extract it from plant material, which affects the values obtained,

In Angiosperms, the last step in the synthesis of chlorophyll is light-dependent. Such plants are pale (etiolated) if grown in the darkness. Non-vascular plants and green algae have an additional light-independent enzyme and grow green in the darkness instead.

Chlorosis is a condition in which leaves do not make enough chlorophyll, so they become yellow. Chlorosis can be caused by a not having enough iron—called iron chlorosis—or by not having enough magnesium or nitrogen. Soil pH sometimes affects these kinds of chlorosis. Many plants are adapted to grow in soils with specific pH levels and their ability to absorb nutrients from the soil can depend on this. Chlorosis can also be caused by pathogens including viruses, bacteria and fungal infections, or sap-sucking insects.


Oak

The oak tree is a tree or shrub in the genus Quercus. There are about 500 living species. They are divided into subgenera. The common name "oak" may also appear in the names of species in related genera, such as "Lithocarpus".

Oaks have spirally arranged leaves, with rounded edges in many species; some have leaves with jagged edges or entire leaves with smooth margins. Many deciduous species do not drop dead leaves until the next Spring. In Spring, a single oak tree produces both male flowers (as catkins) and small female flowers. The fruit is a nut called an acorn, carried in a cup-like structure. Each acorn has one seed (rarely two or three) and takes 6–18 months to mature, depending on species. The so-called "live oaks" are evergreen. They are not a taxonomic group, just a life style which occurs in the genus.

The oak is a kind of hardwood forest tree. They are well known as a climax vegetation in the temperate zone of the northern hemisphere. That means, left untouched by humans, it would be the dominant tree. Much of England was covered by oak forests before modern farming took over the land. The last extensive oak woodlands were cut down to build ships for the Royal Navy in the 18th century.

Some kinds of oak wood are very hard. That is why people in past centuries cut them down to make ships, furniture and other things. The wood is now scarce and expensive and only used to make a few things anymore. Much cheaper are softwoods like pine.

Oak trees grow slowly and can live up to 1000 years.

A mature oak tree stands about 100 feet tall (~30 metres). It is a home for more animals than any other European tree. 30 species of birds, 45 different bugs and over 200 species of moth have been found on oaks. Beetles burrow under the bark, and some drill holes into the wood. The leaves are eaten by many caterpillars. Many leaves carry strange little bumps on the underside. These are insect galls, caused by many little animals. Midges, moths, worms and tiny wasps lay their eggs in leaves or leaf buds. The leaf reacts by forming a growth around the eggs. Inside the gall, larvae develop. The leaf falls, but the larvae may come out only the next spring. Small galls only have one larva, but larger galls may contain as many as 30 larvae.

Oak trees produce acorns once a year which ripen in autumn. Oak trees may start producing acorns when they are about 20 years old. A mature oak may produce 90,000 acorns a year; this is several millions in its lifetime.


Glucose

Glucose (CHO) is a simple carbohydrate, or "sugar". It is one of several kinds of sugars. It is important because cells in an organism use it as a source of energy. Turning glucose into energy is called cellular respiration, which is done inside the cells of a living organism. Excess glucose is converted to fats and are stored in adipose tissues.

Glucose is made by plants in a process called photosynthesis. It can also be made by animals in their liver or kidneys.

Having the right amount of glucose available in a person's body is important. Glucose is essential in the proper functioning of the brain. It can be measured with a simple blood test. People that do not have enough glucose have low blood sugar levels. This is a health condition called hypoglycemia. People with too much glucose have hyperglycemia. They might have a health condition called diabetes.

Its chemical formula is CHO. This means it has six carbon atoms, 12 hydrogen atoms, and six oxygen atoms bonded together.

How sugars work, and how glucose can be formed, was studied by a German chemist named Emil Fischer in the 1890s. His work earned him the 1902 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

There are two forms of glucose, the α- and β- forms. The only difference between them is the position of the hydroxyl group, above and below the plane of the ring of the molecule.

For α-glucose, the hydroxyl (-OH) group is below the ring, while for β-glucose, the (-OH) group is above.

Cellulose

Cellulose is the main chemical that forms the main structure of plants. It is the most abundant macromolecule and the most common organic compound on Earth. It is also a kind of fiber. Cellulose is a very complex carbohydrate, consisting of 3,000 or more glucose units. Cellulose was discovered by Anselme Payen in 1838. He isolated it from plant matter and determined its chemical formula.

Cellulose has no taste. It is odorless and hydrophilic, meaning it attracts water. It is insoluble in water and most organic solvents. It is chiral and is biodegradable.

Cellulose is made from a form of glucose and makes up most of the cell wall of plant cells. This is what keeps a plant in shape. Humans and other animals cannot digest cellulose but some animals such as termites and ruminants use bacteria to digest it.

It is a polysaccharide, which is repeating units of a monosaccharide joined together by a glycosidic bond by a condensation reaction. It is very tough because when you join beta glucose together, they are opposite ways up. The bonds are straight, forming straight chains. There are hydrogen bonds between the polymers.

These fibers are in bundles of about 40, called microfibrils. Microfibrils are embedded in a hydrated network of other polysaccharides. The cell wall is assembled in place. The parts are made inside the cell and then assembled by enzymes associated with the cell membrane.

It is mainly used to make paper. It is also used to make as cotton, linen, and rayon for clothes, nitrocellulose for explosives, and cellulose acetate for films. Cellulose is used as insulation in transformers, cables, and other electrical equipment. Microcrystalline cellulose and powdered cellulose are used as inactive fillers in drug tablets. Cellulose derivatives are used as emulsifiers, thickeners and stabilizers in processed foods. Cellulose can be converted into cellophane. Cellulose is used to make water-soluble adhesives and binders such as methyl cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose.

Celluose can also be used as a anti-caking agent in some foods like pre-shredded cheese.

Wikiquote

Wikiquote is a "sister" (related) project of Wikipedia. It is one of many projects run by the Wikimedia Foundation.

Wikiquote was based on an idea by Daniel Alston and made by Brion Vibber. The goal of the project is to produce a large reference of quotations from famous people, books, and proverbs, and to give details about them.

The project was first created in English. However, in July 2004, more languages were added. Some of there are:

As of May 2016, 31 versions each have more than 1,000 articles. The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 26,500 content pages, followed by the Italian and Polish versions, both with over 22,000 content pages. In total, 60 languages have over 100 content pages.

In February 2010, the Simple English Wikiquote was locked and closed. It can , however.


Brasília

Brasília () is the capital city of Brazil. The name is commonly spelled "Brasilia" in English. The city and its Federal District are in the Central-West region of the country. It is on a plateau known as "Planalto Central". Brasília has a population of about 2,557,000 (3,599,000 in the metropolitan area) as of the 2008 IBGE estimate. It is the fourth largest city in Brazil. But the Brasília metropolitan area is the sixth largest in the nation. It is listed as a World Heritage Site. Brasília hosts 124 foreign embassies.

Viewed from above, the main portion of the city resembles an airplane or a butterfly. The Monumental Axis goes east-west and holds government buildings and monuments. The other axis is curved in a north south direction. The city is commonly referred to as "Capital Federal", or simply "BSB". As the national capital, Brasília is the seat of all three branches of the Brazilian government. The city also hosts the headquarters of many Brazilian companies. Planning policies place residential buildings around expansive urban areas. The plan includes large avenues. It divides the city into sectors with different purposes, including accommodation and tourism. The city is built around an artificial lake, Lake Paranoá.

Residents of Brasília are known as "brasilienses" or "candangos". (The "candangos" are people who moved to Brasília when the city was established). In local usage, the word "Brasília" usually refers only to the First Administrative Region within the Distrito Federal (Federal District), where the most important government buildings are. Brasília has a unique status in Brazil, as it is an administrative division rather than a legal municipality like nearly all cities in Brazil. In the rest of Brazil, Brasília is almost always means the Brazilian Federal District. There are several "satellite cities," which are also part of the Federal District.

The city was planned and developed as a new town in 1956. Lúcio Costa was the principal urban planner and Oscar Niemeyer was the principal architect. Roberto Burle Marx was the landscape designer. They created the "Plano Piloto de Brasília". Brasília was built in 41 months, from 1956 to April 21, 1960.

On 8 January 2023, supporters of former President Jair Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto. The event was seen as an attempted coup d'état to overturn the election results of the 2022 general election.

The Brasília subway system ("Metrô de Brasília") has 24 stations on two lines long. The subway currently covers the south half of the metropolitan area. In 2010, a light rail line was added. By 2014, the light rail line will go from the end of the north wing of the city to the airport in the south.

Brasília International Airport is the main airport in Brasília, connecting the capital to all major Brazilian cities and many airports in other countries. It is the third most important airport of Brazil, in terms of passengers and aircraft movements.

Musical genre

A musical genre is how people describe different styles of music. Some of the most common music genres are:


Plus there are several more common music genres. Religious music is also common, such as hymns, choir music and many more.

To provide an example of cross genre descriptions; Joe Walsh is to the SteelDrivers as Metallica is to Trampled by Turtles. Furthermore, The Rolling Stones are to Flatt and Scruggs as Nickelback is to Doyle Lawson and Quicksliver.


Dim sum

Dim sum is a way of serving Chinese and/or Vietnamese food. A range of different foods are served to the people who are eating, including pork wontons, fried shrimp, and egg rolls.
They are served on small wooden platters, and are usually steamed.


Super Smash Bros. Melee

Super Smash Bros. Melee, known in Japan as is a video game where players can choose from many people from famous Nintendo games and have them fight each other. Players can fight alone or team up with someone else against a friend. This game is a sequel to "Super Smash Bros." for the Nintendo 64. "Super Smash Bros. Melee" is for the Nintendo GameCube. The subsequent game is "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" for the Wii.

"Super Smash Bros. Melee" takes 26 characters from many of Nintendo's series. It includes all 12 veteran characters from "Super Smash Bros. 64", and adds 14 new characters, including Princess Peach and Bowser from the "Super Mario Bros." series, Princess Zelda/Sheik and Ganondorf from "The Legend of Zelda", and new characters like Ice Climbers from "Ice Climber" and Marth from "Fire Emblem". Some characters seem to play more like other characters who were in the first game, like Ganondorf compared to Captain Falcon.

Sakurai planned to include more characters, including Diddy Kong, Meta Knight, King Dedede, Balloon Fighter, Urban Champion, Ayumi Tachibana, Sonic the Hedgehog, Bubbles, Excitebike, Solid Snake, and Lucas, but did not have time to fit them in. All of them except for Balloon Fighter made it into "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".



Items from different games can fall from the sky, like Poké Balls from "Pokémon" or Mushrooms from "Mario". These items can be used in different ways. For example, Poké Balls can summon Pokémon, and Mushrooms can either grow the person whom touches it, unless it is a Poison Mushroom which makes them shrink.

"Super Smash Bros. Melee" has many stages that players can battle on. Most of the stages are based on Nintendo series like "Mario", "Pokémon", and "The Legend of Zelda".

"Super Smash Bros. Melee" has become very popular in tournaments. These tournaments do not use items or most stages, believing that these make the game unfair. In tournaments, however, a lot of characters are not strong enough to win. Some of the best characters for tournaments are Fox McCloud, Falco Lombardi, and Jigglypuff.

Catalysis

Catalysis is the process of change in rate (speed) of a chemical reaction due to the help of a catalyst. Unlike other chemicals which take part in the reaction, a catalyst is not consumed by the reaction itself. A catalyst may participate in many chemical reactions. Catalysts that speed the reaction are called positive catalysts. Catalysts that slow the reaction are called negative catalysts, or inhibitors. Substances that increase the activity of catalysts are called promoters, and substances that deactivate catalysts are called catalytic poisons.

A catalyst is something which changes the rate of a chemical reaction. An example is when manganese oxide (MnO) is added to hydrogen peroxide (HO), and the hydrogen peroxide starts to break up into water and oxygen. Catalysts are either of natural or synthetic origin. Catalysts are useful because they leave no residue in the solution they have sped up. A catalyst can also be used in a reaction again and again as it is not used up. There are many catalysts in our body which play an important part in many biochemical reactions. These are called enzymes. Most catalysts work by lowering the 'activation energy' of a reaction. This allows less energy to be used, thus speeding up the reaction. The opposite of a catalyst is an "inhibitor". Inhibitors slow down reactions. Some of them are found in snake venom and are dangerous for our nervous system or heart.


Hydrogen peroxide

Hydrogen peroxide is a chemical compound. Its molecular formula is HO. It is used as a cleaner, and as hair bleach. In a concentration of 3% (meaning that there are 3 grams of hydrogen peroxide for 100 grams of a water solution), it can be used to treat wounds. Over time it will slowly become oxygen gas and water through decomposition. 

Chemists often use hydrogen peroxide in chemical reactions. It is a very strong oxidising agent when used with acid and water. "Oxidising agents" take electrons from other compounds.

Here hydrogen peroxide takes an electron from the Fe2+ ions and becomes water.

It can also be a reducing agent when used with other compounds. When it acts as a reducing agent, oxygen gas is also produced. "Reducing agents" give electrons to other compounds. This method is often used to make oxygen in laboratories.

Hydrogen peroxide can be bought in shops when mixed with lots of water but is very dangerous when the concentration is higher. It is flammable and causes burns.

Mayotte

Mayotte is an island in the Indian Ocean next to Madagascar. 
It is geographically part of the Comoros Islands, but politically, it is part of France.



Halldór Ásgrímsson

Halldór Ásgrímsson (8 September 1947 – 18 May 2015) was the Prime Minister of Iceland. He became the leader of the Progressive Party in 1994. On September 15, 2004, he took over as Prime Minister from the Independence Party leader, Davíð Oddsson. He resigned in 2009.

Halldór died from a heart attack at a Reykjavik hospital, aged 67.

Somaliland

Somaliland (; ', '), officially the Republic of Somaliland (, is a territory that covers the former protectorate British Somaliland. De facto, .Somaliland It is next to Djibouti to the west, the Federal Republic of Ethiopia to the south and Somalia to the east.

The area used to be the Somaliland area which was part of the British empire along with Jubaland, which was called Trans-juba. It was called the British Somaliland Coast Protectorate before 26 June 1960. called the "Somaliland Republic". In May of 1991, after a war, Somaliland regained independence. 

Currently, Somaliland international organization views Somaliland as an independent country. Instead, they see Somaliland as a part of Somalia. 

Somaliland has a republican government with free elections. The capital is Hargeisa. Berbera is a beautiful city on the coast. About 55% of the people of Somalilands are nomads. Most Somalis are Sunni Muslims. Some people are part of Sufi orders. 

A territory in the west, called Khatumo State has been disputed between Somaliland and Puntland.

Most people in Somaliland speak Somali and Arabic. Article 6 of the Constitution of 2001 says the official language of Somaliland is Somali, but Arabic is a mandatory subject in school. English is also spoken and taught in schools.

The main Somali dialect is Standard Somali. Standard Somali is spoken in most of Somalia and in countries that are next to it. Standard Somali is used by almost all of the media in the Somaliland region.

Almost all Somalilanders are Muslims. This is because Islam is the state religion, and practicing a religion other than Islam is against the law. Small amounts of non-Islamic traditions exist in Somaliland, but Islam is very important to the Somali sense of national identity.


NSDAP 25 points manifesto

The NSDAP 25 points manifesto is a 25-point plan written by Anton Drexler and edited and supported by Adolf Hitler for the National Socialist German Workers' Party (NSDAP), Nazi Party, when it was founded in 1920.

The purpose of the 25 points was explained in the fifth chapter of the second volume of Mein Kampf


The leaders of the Party promise to work—if need be to sacrifice their very lives—to put this programme into action.

Penny

A penny (plural "pence" in the United Kingdom, plural "pennies" in Canada and the United States) is a coin used by several countries where people speak English. This includes United Kingdom, the United States, where a penny is worth one cent, and Canada, where "penny" is an informal term for one cent coins. Canada stopped minting the penny in 2012.

In British and American culture, finding a penny is often thought to be lucky. A popular expression is "Find a penny, pick it up, and all the day you'll have good luck." If someone asks you "A penny for your thoughts", they're wanting to know what you think. The phrase was first written in John Heywood's 1547 Dialogue Conteinying the Nomber in Effect of All the Proverbes in the Englishe Tongue, written when the penny was still a sterling silver coin. The possibly related American expression "my two cents" (meaning "my humble opinion") uses the low value of the penny to make fun of one's own thoughts in a funny way. In British English, to "spend a penny" means to urinate. The phrase does actually imply spending an actual penny: coin-operated public toilets commonly charged a predecimal penny, starting with the Great Exhibition of 1851. Around Decimal Day, British Rail introduced the "Superloo", better public toilets that charged 2p (roughly the equivalent of 6d.).


Matt Groening

Matthew Abram "Matt" Groening (born February 15, 1954) is an American cartoonist, screenwriter, producer, animator, author, musician, comedian, and voice actor. He is the creator of the comic strip "Life in Hell", as well as two successful television series, "The Simpsons" and "Futurama".

Groening has won 12 Primetime Emmy Awards, ten for The Simpsons and two for Futurama as well as a British Comedy Award for "outstanding contribution to comedy" in 2004. In 2002, he won the National Cartoonist Society Reuben Award for his work on Life in Hell. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on February 14, 2012.

He was born on February 15, 1954 in Portland, Oregon, the middle of five children. His mother Margaret Ruth was once a teacher. His father Homer Philip Groening was a filmmaker, advertiser, writer and cartoonist. Groening has Norwegian and German ancestry.

Groening grew up in Portland, and attended Ainsworth Elementary School, Lincoln High School and also The Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington.

Groening identifies himself as agnostic and liberal. He has often made campaign contributions to Democratic Party candidates. His first cousin, Laurie Monnes Anderson, is a member of the Oregon State Senate representing eastern Multnomah County.

He has been married twice. Groening and Deborah Caplan married in 1986. They had 2 sons - Homer (who is called Will) and Abe. Couple split up in 1999. In 2011, Groening married Argentinian artist Agustina Picasso and became stepfather to her daughter Camille. In May 2013, Picasso gave birth to Nathaniel Philip Picasso Groening who was named after American writer Nathanael West. 


Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky

Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky (, 1792–1856) was a Russian mathematician. He became known for his achievements in non-Euclidean geometry.

Lobachevsky was born in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. His parents were Ivan Maksimovich Lobachevsky, a clerk in a landsurveying office, and Praskovia Alexandrovna Lobachevskaya. In 1800, his father died and his mother moved to Kazan. In Kazan, Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky attended Kazan Gymnasium. He graduated in 1807 and then went to Kazan University which was founded just three years earlier, in 1804. 

At Kazan University, Lobachevsky was influenced by professor Johann Christian Martin Bartels (1769–1833). Bartels was a former teacher and friend of German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss. Lobachevsky received a Master's degree in physics and mathematics in 1811. In 1814, he became a lecturer at Kazan University, and in 1822 he became a full professor. He served in many administrative positions and was the rector of Kazan University from 1827 to 1846. He retired (or was dismissed) in 1846. After this event his health rapidly deteriorated. In addition to teaching mathematics and physics at Kazan University Lobachevsky also was an astronomy teacher there. 

In 1832, he married Varvara Alexivna Moisieva. They had seven children.

Wildebeest

A wildebeest (or gnu) is an animal. It is a large hoofed mammal in the Bovidae family. There are two species of wildebeest. Both live in Africa.


Wildebeest grow to 1.15 to 1.40 metres (at the shoulder) and they weigh between 150 and 250 kilograms when they are fully grown. They live in the plains and open woodlands in southern Africa. The biggest herds can be found in the Serengeti. Wildebeest can live for more than 20 years.

Like other members of the same family (antelopes, deer and goats, amongst others), they mainly eat grass. But since in the African grasslands, there is not always grass, wildebeest are forced to migrate to find food all year round. In May, about 1.5 million animals move from the grasslands to the woods. In November they move back; there is grass in the plains in summer.

The cows (female Gnus) will calve (give birth to the young) in summer in the plains. After the females have given birth, the breeding season begins. The dominant males mark off (and defend) some territory. They do this with feces, and with scent.

Wildebeest are an important part of the ecosystem. With their feces, they fertilize the ground, and their trampling is good for new growth. They also provide food for predators, like lions and hyenas.



Gnu

Gnu or GNU may mean:

Serengeti

The Serengeti (also Seremgeti) is a region of savannah (woodlands and grasslands) in East Africa. The south of it (80%) belongs to Tanzania. The north of it is in Kenya. It is about 30,000 square kilometers, and one of the greatest areas for wildlife.

It has more than 1.6 million herbivores and thousands of predators. Wildebeests, gazelles, zebras and buffalos are the most common animals in the region.

This area is most famous for the migration that takes place every year.
Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains. And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April. This phenomenon is sometimes also called the Circular Migration.

Also in this area is the archeologically significant Olduvai Gorge where some of the oldest hominid fossils are found.

The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.

The park covers 14,763 km² (5,700 square miles) of grassland plains and savanna as well as riverine forest and woodlands. The park is in the north of the country, bordered to the north by the national Tanzania and Kenyan border, where it is continuous with the Masai Mara National Reserve. To the southeast of the park is Ngorongoro Conservation Area, to the southwest is Maswa Game Reserve, and to the western borders are Ikorongo and Grumeti Game Reserves, to the northeast is Loliondo Game Control Area.

Few people are allowed to live in the National Park. Exceptions the staff of the Park, researchers and staff of Frankfurt Zoological Society, and staff of the various lodges and hotels. The main settlement is at Seronera.

The park has three regions:

As well as the migration of ungulates, the park has a healthy stock of other resident wildlife, especially the "Big Five":

The park also supports many further species, including cheetah, Thomson's and Grant's gazelle, topi, eland, water buck, hyena, baboon, impala, African wild dog and giraffe. The park also boasts about 500 bird species, including ostrich, secretary bird, Kori bustard, crowned crane, marabou stork, martial eagle, lovebirds and many species of vultures.

Ngorongoro is the caldera of a huge extinct volcano, which is part of the Serengeti area.

The Ngorongoro Conservation Area (NCA) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site 180 km (112 miles) west of Arusha in the Crater Highlands area of Tanzania. 

The main feature of the NCA is the Ngorongoro Crater, a large volcanic caldera. The crater, which formed when a giant volcano exploded and collapsed on itself some two to three million years ago, is deep and its floor covers .

Estimates of the height of the original volcano range from fifteen to nineteen thousand feet (4500 to 5800 metres) high.

Although thought of as "a natural enclosure" for a very wide variety of wildlife, up to 20% or more of the wildebeest ("Connochaetes taurinus") and half the zebra ("Equus burchelli") populations leave the Crater in the wet season. The Ngorongoro lions are significantly inbred, with many genetic problems passed from generation to generation. This is due to the very few new bloodlines that enter the local gene pool, because few migrating male lions enter the crater from the outside. Those who do enter the crater often cannot contribute to the gene pool. The crater's male lions, because of their large size (the result of an abundant food source), easily expel outside competitors.

Animal populations in the crater include most of the species in East Africa, but there are no impalas ("Aepyceros melampus"), giraffes ("Giraffa camelopardalis"), or crocodiles ("Crocodylus niloticus").

The crater highlands on the side facing the easterly trade winds receives 800–1200 mm of rain a year and is covered largely in montane forest, while the less-steep west wall receives only 400–600 mm; this side is grassland and bushland dotted with Euphorbia bussei trees. The crater floor is mostly open grassland with two small wooded areas dominated by "Acacia xanthophloea".

The Munge Stream drains Olmoti Crater to the north, and is the main water source draining into the seasonal salt lake in the center of the crater. This lake is known by two names: "Makat" as the Maasai called it, meaning salt; and "Magadi". The Lerai Stream drains the humid forests to the south of the Crater, and it feeds the Lerai Forest on the crater floor - when there is enough rain, the Lerai drains into Lake Magadi as well. Extraction of water by lodges and NCA headquarters reduces the amount of water entering Lerai by around 25%.

The other major water source in the crater is the Ngoitokitok Spring, near the eastern crater wall. There is a picnic site here open to tourists and a huge swamp fed by the spring, and the area is inhabited by hippopotamus, elephants, lions, and many others. Many other small springs are around the crater's floor, and these are important water supplies for the animals and local Masaai, especially during times of drought.

Aside from herds of zebra, gazelle, and wildebeest, the crater is home to the "Big Five Game" of rhinoceros, lion, leopard, elephant, and buffalo. The crater plays host to almost every individual species of wildlife in East Africa, with an estimated 25 000 animals within the crater.

Following the recommendations of a committee of scientists after the 2000 drought, an ecological burning program was implemented in the crater, which entails annual or biannual controlled burns of up to 20% of the grasslands. Maasai are now permitted to graze their cattle within the crater, but must enter and exit daily.
The conservation area also protects Olduvai Gorge, in the plains area. It is considered the seat of humanity after the discovery of the earliest known specimens of the human genus, "Homo habilis " as well as early hominidae, such as "Paranthropus boisei".

The Olduvai Gorge or Oldupai Gorge is a steep-sided ravine in the Great Rift Valley, which stretches along eastern Africa. Olduvai is in the eastern Serengeti Plains in northern Tanzania and is about thirty miles long. It is in the rain shadow of the Ngorongoro highlands and is the driest part of the region.

It is one of the most important prehistoric sites in the world. Research there has greatly developed our understanding of early human evolution. Excavation work there was pioneered by Mary and Louis Leakey in the 1950s. It is still continued today by their family. During the Pleistocene, the site was that of a large lake, the shores of which were covered with successive deposits of volcanic ash. Around 500,000 years ago seismic activity diverted a nearby stream which began to cut down into the sediments, revealing seven main layers in the walls of the gorge.


Spider

Spiders (class Arachnida, order Araneae) are air-breathing arthropods. They have eight legs, and mouthparts (chelicerae) with fangs that inject venom. Most make silk. The spiders are seventh in number of species of all animal orders. About 48,000 spider species, and 120 families have been recorded by taxonomists. Over twenty different classifications have been proposed since 1900. 

Spiders live on every continent except for Antarctica, and in nearly every habitat with the exceptions of air and sea. 
Almost all spiders are predators, and most eat insects. They catch their prey in several ways. Some build a spider web, and some use a thread of silk that they throw at the insect. Some kinds of spiders hide in holes in the ground, then run out and grab an insect that walks by. Others will make web 'nets' to throw at passing insects. Or they go out and simply attack their prey. Some can jump quite well and hunt by sneaking close to an insect and then jumping on it.

Spiders have a two-part body, the front part (cephalothorax) and the abdomen. Unlike insects, spiders do not have antennae. The more advanced spiders have a centralized nervous system, with their ganglia fused into one mass in the cephalothorax. Unlike most arthropods, spiders have no extensor muscles in their limbs, and extend them by hydraulic pressure.

The smallest of full-grown spiders can be less than 4 mm. (0.1 inch). The largest of spiders can have a body length of 10 cm. (4 inches) or more. The largest can weigh 150 grams (5.3 oz). The largest of spiders are the tarantulas and the huntsman spiders. Some huntsman spiders in South East Asia can have a leg span of around 250–300 mm (9.8–11.8 in).

Most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the body, arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another. The main eyes at the front are capable of forming images. Jumping spiders have visual acuity which is ten times better than that of dragonflies, which have by far the best vision among insects. The spiders do this by a telephoto-like series of lenses, a four-layered retina. They can swivel their eyes and put together images from different stages in the scan. The downside is that the scanning and integrating processes are relatively slow.

Spiders and other arthropods have modified their cuticles into elaborate arrays of sensors. Various sensors, mostly bristles, respond to touch, from strong contact to very weak air currents. Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell. Spiders also have in the joints of their limbs sensors that detect forces and vibrations. In web-building spiders all these mechanical and chemical sensors are more important than the eyes. The eyes are more important to spiders that hunt actively. Like most arthropods, spiders lack balance sensors, and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up.

The fangs are hollow, like the needles used to give injections. Spiders use their fangs to inject toxins that kill the insects they will eat. Some kinds of spider venom attack the nervous systems of their prey, and other kinds of venom attack body tissues.

Spiders are predators, and eat insects and other arthropods (including other spiders). Most use venom from their fangs to kill their prey. It is rare for spiders to capture prey that are much larger than they are. It is also difficult for most spiders to capture prey that are very much smaller than they are. There are some spiders that form colonies. Spiders eat not only spiders of other species, but spiders of their own species. 

The black widow spider got its name because the females sometimes eat the males that mate with them. This may also happen in other species. Each species of spider has its own way of communicating with other spiders they meet. Because of the danger of being eaten, in some species the males have special hooks on their front legs with which they hold the female while they mate. Others bring the female something to eat. There are a few species in which the male spiders construct their own little webs that are connected to the webs of the females. In these species, the male is so much smaller than the female that it would be difficult for her to actually capture the male.

Most spiders have such poor vision that they will not even notice a dead insect. Jumping spiders are one exception to this rule. They have such good vision that they can find recently dead flies or other insects to eat.

Spiders are basically predators, but some have other food sources. The jumping spider "Bagheera kiplingi" gets over 90% of its food from fairly solid plant material produced by acacias as part of a beneficial relationship with a species of ant.

Young spiders of several families feed on plant nectar. Studies have shown that they do this for long periods. They also clean themselves regularly while feeding. These spiders also prefer sugar solutions to plain water, which shows that they are looking for nutrients. Many spiders are nocturnal, they are most active during the night. The extent of nectar consumption by spiders may therefore have been under-estimated. Nectar contains amino acids, lipids, vitamins and minerals in addition to sugars. Studies have shown that other spider species live longer when nectar is available. Feeding on nectar also avoids the risks of struggles with prey, and the costs of producing venom and digestive enzymes. Since nectar is a flowering plant production, its consumption by spiders came quite late in their evolution.

Various species are known to feed on dead arthropods (scavenging), web silk, and their own shed exoskeletons. Pollen caught in webs may also be eaten, and studies have shown that young spiders have a better chance of survival if they have the opportunity to eat pollen. In captivity, several spider species are also known to feed on bananas, marmalade, milk, egg yolk and sausages.

The best-known method spiders use to capture prey is a sticky web. The placing of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area. Flat, horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath, for example. Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight. The spiders that build webs usually do not see very well, but they are very sensitive to vibrations.

Females of the water spider "Argyroneta aquatica" build underwater "diving bell" webs which they fill with air and use while eating their prey, molting, mating, and raising offspring. They live almost entirely within the bells, darting out to catch prey animals that touch the bell or the threads that anchor it. A few spiders use the surfaces of lakes and ponds as "webs", detecting trapped insects by the vibrations that these cause while struggling.

Net-casting spiders weave only small webs but then manipulate them to trap prey. They stretch their webs and then release them when prey strike them. Those of the family Deinopidae weave even smaller webs, hold them outstretched between their first two pairs of legs, and lunge and push the webs as much as twice their own body length to trap prey, and this move may increase the webs' area by a factor of up to ten. Experiments have shown that "Deinopis spinosus" has two different techniques for trapping prey: backwards strikes to catch flying insects, whose vibrations it detects; and forward strikes to catch ground-walking prey that it sees. These two techniques have also been observed in other deinopids. Walking insects form most of the prey of most deinopids, but one population of "Deinopis subrufus" appears to live mainly on tipulid flies that they catch with the backwards strike.

Mature female bolas spiders of the genus "Mastophora" build "webs" that consist of only a single "trapeze line", which they patrol. They also construct a bolas made of a single thread, tipped with a large ball of very wet sticky silk. They emit chemicals that resemble the pheromones of moths, and then swing the bolas at the moths. They catch about the same weight of insects per night as web-weaving spiders of similar size. The spiders eat the bolas if they have not made a kill in about 30 minutes, rest for a while, and then make new bolas. Juveniles and adult males are much smaller and do not make bolas. Instead they release different pheromones that attract moth flies, and catch them with their front pairs of legs.

The primitive Liphistiidae, the "trapdoor spiders" (family Ctenizidae) and many tarantulas are ambush predators. They lurk in burrows, often closed by trapdoors and surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey. Other ambush predators do without such aids, including many crab spiders. A few species that prey on bees, which see ultraviolet, can adjust their ultraviolet reflectance to match the flowers in which they are lurking. Wolf spiders, jumping spiders, fishing spiders and some crab spiders capture prey by chasing it, and rely mainly on vision to get their prey.

Not all spiders use silk to net their prey. Instead, these spiders may capture insects by grabbing them and then biting them. Among these kinds of spiders the two best known are the wolf spiders and the jumping spiders.

A wolf spider will usually wait until an insect comes near to it, and then rush at the insect, grab it using its front legs, and then bite the insect so that its venom can do its work.

Female wolf spiders lay their eggs on a pad of silk and then draw the edges together to create a round ball that they carry along with them wherever they go. They hold their egg balls to their tail ends by using their silk. When the eggs hatch, the little spiders will crawl onto the mother's back, and she will carry them along with her for days or weeks.

Wolf spiders are very good mothers and will strongly protect both their egg balls and their infants. When the time comes, the little spiders will leave the mother and each will go its own way.

Jumping spiders have very good eyes and can see well. They sneak as close to an insect as they can, and then they jump onto the insect and immediately bite it. Since they often hunt in trees, bushes, and on the sides of walls, if the jumping spider misses it may fall off. But they have a way to save themselves from harm. Before they jump they fasten their silk to the place where they have been standing, and as they jump they let out a silk safety line. So if they fall they will catch themselves when they reach the end of their silk safety line. Sometimes a jumping spider will catch an insect and then fall while still holding onto the insect. But the spider is still safe.

Jumping spiders make little silken "tents" for themselves to sleep in. When they lay eggs they keep them inside such a shelter. They do not take their eggs with them when they go out to hunt.

For all male spiders it is dangerous to seek a mate. The female spider may not realize that the male is a spider of her kind, so she may try to eat it. The jumping spiders not only have visual patterns that identify them to each other, but the male jumping spider will do a special dance when it approaches a female of the same species. That way, the female can recognize that it is a male of her species. She will generally forget about eating for long enough to mate with the visiting male spider.

Jumping spiders have such good eyes that they will usually watch any human who tries to watch them. Some species are very shy and will run away if the human gets too close. But some species, such as "Phidippus audax" (the audacious or brave jumping spider) and "Platycryptus undatus", can become calm if the human comes close to them slowly. Sometimes they will jump onto one of your fingers and then jump from finger to finger and from hand to hand. They seem to want to explore.
Some jumping spiders of the genus "Portia" hunt other spiders in ways that seem intelligent, outflanking their victims or luring them from their webs. Laboratory studies show that "Portia"'s instinctive tactics are only starting points for a trial-and-error approach from which these spiders learn very quickly how to overcome new prey species. However, they seem to be relatively slow thinkers, which is not surprising as their brains are vastly smaller than those of mammalian predators.

Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges: they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false "waists" to mimic the three distinct regions (tagmata) of an ant's body; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae, which spiders lack, and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six. They have large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes, while ants have two compound eyes; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants. In some spider species males and females mimic different ant species, as female spiders are usually much larger than males.

Ant-mimicking spiders also modify their behavior to resemble that of the target species of ant, for example many adopt a zig-zag pattern of movement, ant-mimicking jumping spiders avoid jumping, and spiders of the genus "Synemosyna" walk on the outer edges of leaves in the same way as "Pseudomyrmex". Ant-mimicry in many spiders and other arthropods may be for protection from predators that hunt by sight, including birds, lizards and spiders. However several ant-mimicking spiders prey either on ants or on the ants "livestock" such as aphids. When at rest the ant-mimicking crab spider "Amyciaea" does not closely resemble "Oecophylla", but while hunting it imitates the behavior of a dying ant to attract worker ants. After a kill some ant-mimicking spiders hold their victims between themselves and large groups of ants to avoid being attacked.

Spiders reproduce sexually and fertilization is internal but indirect. In other words, the sperm is not inserted into the female's body by the male's genitals but by an intermediate stage. Unlike many land-living arthropods, male spiders do not produce ready-made spermatophores (packages of sperm). Instead, they spin small sperm webs on to which they ejaculate and then transfer the sperm to structures on the tips of their pedipalps. When a male detects signs of a female nearby he checks whether she is of the same species and whether she is ready to mate; for example in species that produce webs or 'safety ropes', the male can identify the species and sex of these objects by smell.

Spiders generally use elaborate courtship rituals to prevent the large females from eating the small males before fertilization, except where the male is so much smaller that he is not worth eating. In some species males mate with newly molted females, which are too weak to be dangerous to the males.

In web-weaving species precise patterns of vibrations in the web are a major part of the rituals, while patterns of touches on the female's body are important in many spiders that hunt actively, and may 'hypnotize' the female. Gestures and dances by the male are important for jumping spiders, which have excellent eyesight. If courtship is successful, the male injects his sperm from the pedipalps into the female's genital opening on the underside of her abdomen. Female reproductive tracts vary. Some are simple tubes, but others have chambers where females store sperm, and release it when they are ready.

Males do get eaten in some species. Males of the genus "Tidarren" cut off one of their palps, and enter adult life with one palp only. The palps are 20% of male's body mass in this species, and detaching one of the two improves mobility. In the Yemeni species "Tidarren argo", the remaining palp is then torn off by the female. The separated palp remains attached to the female's opening for about four hours. In the meantime, the female feeds on the palpless male. In over 60% of cases the female of the Australian redback spider kills and eats the male after it inserts its second palp into the female's genital opening; in fact the males co-operate by trying to impale themselves on the females' fangs. Observation shows that most male redbacks never get an opportunity to mate, and the 'lucky' ones increase the likely number of offspring by ensuring that the females are well-fed. However males of most species survive a few matings, limited mainly by their short life spans. Some even live for a while in their mates' webs.

Females lay up to 3,000 eggs in one or more silk egg sacs, which maintain a fairly constant humidity level. In some species the females die afterwards, but females of other species protect the sacs by attaching them to their webs, hiding them in nests, carrying them in the chelicerae or attaching them to the spinnerets and dragging them along.

Baby spiders pass all their larval stages inside the egg and hatch as spiderlings, very small and sexually immature but similar in shape to adults. Some spiders care for their young, for example a wolf spider's brood cling to rough bristles on the mother's back, and females of some species respond to the "begging" behaviour of their young by giving them their prey, provided it is no longer struggling, or even regurgitate food.

Like other arthropods, spiders have to moult to grow as their cuticle ("skin") cannot stretch. Most spiders live for only one to two years, although some tarantulas can live in captivity for over 20 years.

Of the 40,000 spiders, less than 12 are known to be dangerous to humans. Most of the time, being bitten by a spider is painful. Most spiders use venom to paralyse their prey; they kill it through eating, or through a bite. A few spiders have venoms that can be dangerous to weakened people and those allergic to it. Since 1927, 13 people have died, after a bite from a "Atrax robustus" spider from Australia.

The spider that kills the most people, the black widow and other spiders in the genus "Latrodectus" are around 1 cm. in body length. The "Atrax" and "Phoneutria" spiders, which are also capable of killing people, both average around 2.5 cm. or one inch, and even the Widow spiders are large enough to be easily noticed.

Even relatively small spiders like "Phidippus audax" can give a painful bite if you hurt them, but spiders are very helpful to human beings because they control insects that eat our crops.

Being afraid of spiders is a very common phobia (fear). The widow spiders (black widows and other members of their genus) never willingly leave their webs, so usually people get bitten when they touch the spider by mistake.

Click on a picture to see it larger:


1760s

The 1760s was a decade that began on 1 January 1760 and ended on 31 December 1769.






Grass

Grass is a type of plant with narrow leaves growing from the base. Their appearance as a common plant was in the mid-Cretaceous period. There are 12,000 species now.

A common kind of grass is used to cover the ground in places such as lawns and parks. Grass is usually the color green. That is because they are wind-pollinated rather than insect-pollinated, so they do not have to attract insects. Green is the best colour for photosynthesis.

Grasslands such as savannah and prairie where grasses are dominant cover 40.5% of the land area of the Earth, except Greenland and Antarctica.

Grasses are monocotyledon herbaceous plants. They include the "grass" of the family Poaceae, which are called grass by ordinary people. This family is also called the Gramineae, and includes some of the sedges (Cyperaceae) and the rushes (Juncaceae). These three families are not very closely related, though all of them belong to clades in the order Poales. They are similar adaptations to a similar life-style.

With about 780 genera and about 12,000 species, the Poaceae is the fifth-largest plant family. Only the Asteraceae, Orchidaceae, Fabaceae and Rubiaceae have more species.

The true grasses include cereals, bamboo and the grasses of lawns (turf) and grassland. Uses for graminoids include food (as grain, shoots or rhizomes), drink (beer, whisky), pasture for livestock, thatch, paper, fuel, clothing, insulation, construction, sports turf, basket weaving and many others.

Many grasses are short, but some grasses can grow tall, such as bamboo. Plants from the grass family can grow in many places and make grasslands, including areas which are very arid or cold. There are several other plants that look similar to grass and are referred to as such, but are not members of the grass family. These plants include rushes, reeds, papyrus and water chestnut. Seagrass is a monocot in the order "Alismatales".

Grasses are an important food for many animals, such as deer, buffalo, cattle, mice, grasshoppers, caterpillars and many other grazers. Unlike other plants, grasses grow from the bottom, so when animals eat grass they usually do not destroy the part that grows. This is part of the reason why the plants are so successful. 

Without grass, more soil might wash away into rivers (erosion). 

Grasses include some of the most versatile plant life-forms. They became widespread toward the end of the Cretaceous. Fossilized dinosaur dung (coprolites) have been found containing grass phytoliths (silica stones inside grass leaves). Grasses have adapted to conditions in lush rain forests, dry deserts, cold mountains and even intertidal habitats, and are now the most widespread plant type. Grass is a valuable source of food and energy for many animals.

Lawn grass is often planted on sports fields and in the area around a building. Sometimes chemicals and water is used to help lawns to grow.

People have used grasses for a long time. People eat parts of grasses. Corn, wheat, barley, oats, rice and millet are cereals, common grains whose seeds are used for food and to make alcohol such as beer.

Sugar comes from sugar cane, which is also a plant in the grass family. People have grown grasses as food for farm animals for about 4,000 years. People use bamboo to build houses, fences, furniture and other things. Grass plants can also be used as fuel, to cover rooves, and to weave baskets.

In English, the word "grass" appears in several phrases. For example:



Cacao tree

The cacao tree is a small tree originally grown in tropical South America. It only grows to 4 to 8 meters in height. Its seeds are called cocoa and are used to produce cocoa butter, chocolate drinks, and chocolate. Now the trees are grown in plantations in many tropical countries.

Cacao is planted on over 70000 square kilometres worldwide with 40% of production coming from Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, and Indonesia. Each country produces about 15%, with smaller amounts coming from Brazil, Nigeria, and Cameroon.

A tree begins to bear fruit when it is 4 or 5 years old. In one year, when mature, it may have 6,000 flowers, but only about 20 pods. About 300-600 seeds (10 pods) are required to produce around 1 kg of cocoa paste.
There are three main cultivar groups of cacao beans used to make cocoa and chocolate. The most prized, rare, and expensive is the Criollo Group, the cocoa bean used by the Maya. Only 10% of chocolate is made from the Criollo, which is less bitter and more aromatic than any other bean. The cacao bean in 80% of chocolate is made using beans of the Forastero Group. Forastero trees are significantly hardier than Criollo trees, resulting in cheaper cacao beans. Trinitario, a hybrid of Criollo and Forastero, is used in about 10% of chocolate. For details of processing, see cocoa.

Cacao beans were commonly used as currency in Pre-Columbian Mesoamerica. In some areas, such as Yucatán, they were still used in place of small coins as late as the 1840s.


Mahabad

Mahabad and Piranshahr (, ); (Old name: سابلاخ: Sablakh, which may be of Mongolian origin) is a city in Iran. It is in the north-west of the country, in the region of Iranian Kurdistan and the province of West Azarbaijan. The city is south of Lake Urmia in a narrow valley 1,300 metres above sea level. There are about 162.434 people who live in the city. Mahabad is connected by road with Tabriz 300 km north, Urmia 150 km north and Arbil, in Iraqi Kurdistan.

The city is one center and symbol of the Kurdish nationalism. The reason is because in 1945 it was the capital of the newly founded people's Republic of Mahabad. The republic was conquered by Iranian forces on 16 December 1946. The president was Qazi Muhammad. The majority of the population is Kurdish. During the revolution in Iran, on 3 September 1979 the city was bombed and occupied by Iranian forces. After the death of Shivan Qaderi, a student and opposition activist in July 9 2005, the Kurdish population protested against the Iranian government.

Mahabad also a branch of the Islamic Azad University.

The region of Mukrian consists of Piranshahr and Mahabad.

Shivan Qaderi

Shivan Qaderi (or Sivan Ghaderi or Schuaneh Ghaderi; died 9 July 2005 in Mahabad) was a student and opposition activist in Iran. After his death in 2005, the Kurds protested and the Iranian government had to send more than 100,000 soldiers to this region. The Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran reported, that about 50,000 people had protested after his death on the Chuwarchira Square. Humans Rights First say that, after he was shot, Iranian soldiers tied Ghaderi's body "to a military vehicle and dragged it through the city, obviously trying to frighten the population so that they would not organize any more protests."



Sauce

In cooking, a sauce is a liquid mixture added to another food for flavour. Sauces are not normally eaten by themselves; they add flavour, moisture, and visual appeal to another dish. Sauces are an essential element in cuisines all over the world.

The main sauces of French cuisine are built on a basis of roux, which is just flour and the liquid part of butter. Examples from Italian cuisine are the egg, cheese and ham sauce called "Carbonara"; the ground meat sauce called "bolognese", and the herbs and garlic sauce called "pesto".

Bottled sauces can be poured over food when it is served. An example would be the tomato-based sauce that is usually poured over spaghetti. Gravy is a brown sauce served with meat.

"Sauce" is a French word taken from the Latin "salsus", meaning "salted". Possibly the oldest sauce recorded is "garum", the fish sauce used by the Romans.

Sauces need a liquid component, but some sauces (for example, pico de gallo salsa or chutney) may contain more solid elements than liquid.

Sauces may be used for savoury dishes or for desserts. They can be prepared and served cold, like mayonnaise, prepared cold but served lukewarm like pesto, or can be cooked like bechamel and served warm or again cooked and served cold like apple sauce.

Some sauces are commercial products like Worcestershire sauce, HP sauce, soy sauce or ketchup. In French cuisine they are freshly prepared by the chef. Sauces for salads are called salad dressing. A cook who specializes in making sauces is a saucier.

Sauces in French cuisine date back to the Middle Ages. There were hundreds of sauces in the culinary repertoire, and were a major defining characteristic of French cooking of the 19th and 20th centuries, until nouvelle cuisine.

In the 19th century, the chef Antonin Carême classified sauces into four families, each of which was based on a mother sauce (Also called "grandes sauces"). Carême's four mother sauces were:

In the early 20th century, the chef Auguste Escoffier updated this classification to five mother sauces. They are:

A sauce which is based on one of the mother sauces is sometimes called a small sauce, minor sauce, or secondary sauce. Most sauces commonly used in classical cuisine are small sauces, or derivatives of one of the above-mentioned mother sauces.

Mother sauces are not commonly served as they are; instead they are augmented with additional ingredients to make small (derivative) sauces. For example, Bechamel can be made into Mornay by the addition of Gruyère or any cheese one may like, and Espagnole becomes Bordelaise with the addition and reduction of red wine, shallots, and poached beef marrow.

Spaghetti

Spaghetti is a long, string-shaped kind of pasta.

The word "spaghetti" was first used in 1849 as "sparghetti" in Eliza Acton's "Modern Cookery". It comes from Italian "spaghetto", which means "string".

Spaghetti is made from wheat noodles, which are boiled in water for a short time. Spaghetti can either be served as a side dish, or as a main dish. As a main dish, a sauce is added. There are many different kinds of sauces. Simpler ones are made of butter, more complicated ones include tomatos, garlic, olive oil and various other herbs. Different varieties with mussels, fish or meat also exist. Ground Parmesan cheese is often added. 

In Italy the sauce is usually mixed with the spaghetti while they are being prepared. Usually, spaghetti are eaten only with a fork, or with a fork and a spoon. Sometimes, they are cut with a knife for small children. Many Italians see using a knife to eat spaghetti as bad manners, except to prepare them for small children.

In the United States, there is a kind of spaghetti called "Alvaro's spaghetti" which is served with alfredo sauce. In some countries,like United States or Canada, meatballs are often in the spaghetti sauce.

In China, spaghetti is often made by hand. In Italy, spaghetti is made with a machine so that large amounts can be made quickly. Italy is the biggest producer and consumer of spaghetti in the world. 

It is also a popular dish in Libya.

Spaghetti is called by other words when it has a different thickness: "spaghettini (n. 3)", "spaghetti (n. 5)", and "spaghettoni (n. 8)".

Usually, spaghetti leftovers last in a fridge for around 3 to 5 days, while spaghetti in a freezer will last more than one month.

Emperor penguin

The Emperor penguin ("Aptenodytes forsteri") is a penguin that lives in Antarctica. It is the tallest and heaviest penguin. They are the only birds that can lay their eggs on ice.

Emperors are the biggest of the 18 species of penguin found today, and one of the largest of all birds. Emperor penguins are about tall, weigh up to and have a wingspan of . Emperor Penguins are black and white like all penguins, and the sides of their neck and chest are golden. They can dive deeper than any other bird, including other penguins. Emperor penguins are also the largest penguins in the world. Emperors are the biggest of the 18 species of penguin found today and one of the largest of all birds. There are approximately 595,000 adult Emperor penguins in Antarctica. Emperor penguins do not build nests they lay their eggs on the ice through their legs. Like other penguins, emperors leap into the air while swimming, which is called porpoising.

They eat mostly crustaceans, such as krill, and fish but also eat cephalopods, such as squid, cuttlefish, and octopuses.

Emperors live in the coldest climate on earth. Temperatures can drop as low as -140 degrees Fahrenheit (-95.6 °C) on the Antarctic ice. They breed at the beginning of the Antarctic winter (March and April), on the ice all around the Antarctic continent. They live in large groups, called colonies, that can have up to 20,000 birds. They huddle close together to keep warm. Emperor penguins live for about 20 years, although some have been known to live for 40 years. They dive at their food and they stay in small groups

The shape of their body helps them to survive. They have short wings that help them swim and to dive up to to catch larger fish. The deepest dive recorded is . They can swim up to for a short time, which lets them escape their main enemy, the leopard seal. They can stay warm because they have a thick layer of blubber. The layer of downy feathers trap air that keeps the body heat in and cold air and water out. They also have large amounts of body oil that help in keeping them dry in the water.

While they are very fast in the water, on land the birds can only walk very slowly. On ice they can lie on their stomachs and use their wings to slide along, like a sled.

Emperor penguins spend most of their time in the water, coming to the shore to breed. There is nothing on the ice to make a nest, so after the female lays her one egg in winter, the male puts the egg on his feet to keep it warm until spring. This can be from 65 to 75 days. He has a special fold of skin on his stomach which can fold over and cover the egg to keep it warm. This is a difficult action to swap the egg from the female to the male; if it sits for too long on the ice it will freeze. He does not eat during this time, and can lose up to half his weight. To keep warm, all the male penguins huddle together. Those on the outside of the group will slowly shuffle their way into the middle; the group is always moving and can move as much as in 24 hours. The female comes back in spring when the egg hatches, while the male will go back to sea to eat, but comes back to help look after the chick. The chick lives on its parents feet for about 50 days until it becomes strong enough to survive the cold.

The Australian movie "Happy Feet" was based on the story of an emperor penguin who is unable to sing and get a mate because he was left for too long on the ice when still an egg.

The documentary "March of the Penguins" is about emperor penguins moving across the ice to lay eggs.


Snares penguin

The Snares penguin ("Eudyptes robustus"), is a crested penguin. It is probably a subspecies of the Fiordland penguin. It is a penguin from New Zealand. It is between 50 and 70 centimetres in height and weighs between 2.5 and 4 kilograms.

It breeds on The Snares, a small island group south of New Zealand's South Island.

Chahar Cheragh Square

Chuar-chira Square (, ) (meaning "Square of the four candles"), is a known square in center of city of Mahabad where after Iranian invasion in 1947, Qazi Muhammad the president of Republic of Mahabad was hanged in public as well as other leaders of the republic in Mahabad and Bukan. In 2005 the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran reported that about 50.000 persons had demonstrated against the Iranian gouverment. The reason was the death of Shivan Qaderi. 

It is now officially called Shardari Square. This square is one of the oldest places of Mahabad city.


Complex number

A complex number is a number, but is different from common numbers in many ways. A complex number is made up using two numbers combined. The first part is a real number, and the second part is an imaginary number. The most important imaginary number is called formula_1, defined as a number that will be -1 when squared ("squared" means "multiplied by itself"): formula_2. All the other imaginary numbers are formula_1 multiplied by a real number, in the same way that all real numbers can be thought of as 1 multiplied by another number. Arithmetic functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division can be used with complex numbers. They also follow commutative, associative and distributive properties, just like real numbers. The set of complex numbers is often represented using the symbol formula_4.

Complex numbers were discovered while attempting to solve special equations that have exponents in them. These began to pose real problems for mathematicians. As a comparison, using negative numbers, it is possible to find the "x" in the equation formula_5 for all real values of "a" and "b", but if only positive numbers are allowed for "x", it is sometimes impossible to find a positive "x", as in the equation formula_6.

With exponentiation, there is a difficulty to be overcome. There is no real number that gives −1 when it is squared. In other words, −1 (or any other negative number) has no real square root. For example, there is no real number formula_7 that solves the equation formula_8. To solve this problem, mathematicians introduced a symbol "i" and called it the "imaginary unit". This is the imaginary number that will give −1 when it is squared.

The first mathematicians to have thought of this were probably Gerolamo Cardano and Raffaele Bombelli. They lived in the 16th century. It was probably Leonhard Euler who introduced writing formula_9 for that number.

All complex numbers can be written as formula_10 (or formula_11), where "a" is called the "real part" of the number, and "b" is called the "imaginary part". We write formula_12 or formula_13 for the real part of a complex number formula_14. So, if formula_15, we write formula_16. Similarly, we write formula_17 or formula_18 for the imaginary part of a complex number formula_14; formula_20, for the same . Every real number is also a complex number; it is a complex number with formula_21.

A complex number can also be written as an ordered pair formula_22, where both "a" and "b" are real numbers. Any real number can simply be written as formula_23, or as the pair formula_24.

Sometimes, formula_25 is written instead of formula_1. In electrical engineering for instance, formula_1 means electric current, so writing formula_1 can cause a lot of problems because some numbers in electrical engineering are complex numbers.

Addition, subtraction, multiplication and exponentiation (raising numbers to exponents) are all possible with complex numbers. Division is also possible with complex numbers, as long as the divisor is not zero. Some other calculations are also possible with complex numbers.

The rule for addition and subtraction of complex numbers is pretty simple:

Let formula_29, then formula_30, and formula_31.

Multiplication is a bit different:

formula_32

Another notable operation for complex numbers is "conjugation". A complex conjugate formula_33 to formula_15 is formula_35.
It is pretty simple, but is important for calculations, because formula_36 is actually a real number for "all" complex formula_14:

formula_38.

Because of that, we can use it to do division:

formula_39

formula_40

Complex numbers can be shown on a so-called complex plane. If you have a number formula_15, you can go to point "a" on the real axis and point "b" on the imaginary axis, and draw a vector from formula_42 to formula_43. The length of this vector can be calculated using the Pythagorean theorem, and the angle of this vector is simply the angle between the positive real axis and this vector—going counterclockwise. The length of a vector for a number formula_14 is called its modulus or absolute value (written as formula_45), and the angle is called its argument (formula_46).

This leads to the trigonometrical form of describing complex numbers: by the definitions of sine and cosine, it follows that for all formula_14:

formula_48

This is closely connected to De Moivre's formula.

There exists even another form, called exponential form.

With the introduction of complex numbers to math, every polynomial with complex coefficients has roots in complex numbers. This introduction also helped to open a path to the creation of another kind of numbers, which could help resolve and explain many different problems. These include the , , , and many others. For more, see .



Frederick I of Prussia

Frederick I of Prussia (), (11 July 1657–25 February 1713) of the Hohenzollern dynasty was the first King in Prussia (1701–1713).

Siege of Jerusalem (1187)

The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2, 1187. It was part of the war called the Third Crusade.

Balian of Ibelin defended Jerusalem against the armies of Saladin. When he surrendered, the Muslims enslaved thousands of Christians but let many leave after they bought their freedom.

A fictionalized version of the siege (attack) is seen in the movie "Kingdom of Heaven", directed by Ridley Scott.

Beer Hall Putsch

The Beer Hall Putsch was a failed coup d'état in Munich, Germany between the evening of 8 November and the morning of 9 November 1923. The Nazi Party under Adolf Hitler tried to take over the government of Bavaria, a state in Germany. They began trying to do this by taking several hundred people hostage in a beer hall (a large building where people got together to drink beer and sometimes listen to political speeches). Several Nazis died when they got into a gun fight with police officers in another part of Munich, and Hitler then went to prison for eight months.

Hitler chose to do this for many reasons. The Weimar Republic of Germany was weak because of fighting between right and left-wing parties. Inflation had also left the Weimar Republic with very little support from the people, or money to keep working (paying bills, or even paying pensions and wages). This happened because when Germany lost World War I, other countries made Germany pay for the entire war, and Germany had to make taxes very high so it could pay for the war. This hurt the economy of Germany.

The Nazi Party was getting very strong. Hitler was a strong leader. In 1923, the year when the Weimar Republic was least popular, the Nazi Party grew from 6,000 members to 55,000 members.

Hitler also wanted to copy Mussolini, who had taken power in Italy by marching into Rome.

8 November 1923 - Hitler and his men charged into the Beer Hall and forced the people there to support him. Hitler's men, the SA, took over the Army Headquarters, but forgot to take over the telegraph office. This meant that anybody could call in the police.

9 November 1923 - 16 Nazis and 4 Bavarian State Police officers were killed in a gunfight between the Nazis and the police in "Residenzstraße". Hitler was arrested two days later.

Hitler and several of his friends were taken to court for treason, because they took up arms against the government. In the end, Hitler was sent to prison for about eight months, and the Nazi Party broke up (however, it would later get back together).

More people learned about Hitler. Before this happened, he was unknown. But after this, he was a hero to many. Many Germans at that time wanted a strong leadership after the governments of the Weimar Republic.

Hitler also took the time he had to spend in prison to write a book, called Mein Kampf or "My Struggle". It sold millions and told people about his ideas. Mein Kampf also made Hitler popular. (Hitler did not actually write the words down himself. Instead, he told another Nazi, Rudolf Hess, what to write down, and Hess wrote the words down.)

Hitler also had to re-think his strategy. He realised he could not take power the same way that Mussolini had done. Instead, he had to get power through being elected.

The people who died during the Putsch are seen as the first to die for the Nazi Party and are mentioned in Mein Kampf as Martyrs.


Verona

Verona is a city in the Veneto region of Italy with 260,000 inhabitants. It is famous for being the setting for the Shakespeare play "Romeo and Juliet" and because of the Roman Arena. This city is built on the Adige river. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification).

Kyiv

Kyiv or Kiev () is the capital and largest city in Ukraine. It is in north-central Ukraine on the Dnieper River. Almost three million people live there.

It is not a part of any oblast. However, it is surrounded by Kyiv Oblast, and is the headquarters of Kyiv Oblast.

The city hosted the UEFA Euro 2012 final. Kyiv also hosted the Eurovision Song Contest in 2017.

Kyiv has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).


Notes

Harare

Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe. It is home to over 1.6 million people. It was known as "Salisbury" from its foundation on September 12, 1890 until April 18, 1982.

Harare is Zimbabwe's biggest and most important financial, commercial, and communications centre, and a trade centre for tobacco, maize, cotton, and citrus fruits. Manufactured goods include textiles, steel and chemicals, and gold is mined in the area. The city's suburbs include Borrowdale, Mount Pleasant and Avondale. The richest neighbourhoods are to the north. The University of Zimbabwe, the country's oldest university (founded in 1952), is in Mount Pleasant, about 6 km (3.7 mi) north of the city centre. The country's main Test cricket ground, Harare Sports Club is in the city. The Dynamos F.C. in Harare is Zimbabwe's most successful association football team.

Seventh-day Adventist Church

The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a Protestant Christian group. It is different from most other Protestant groups because the followers believe that the seventh day of the week, Saturday, is the day to rest from working and worship God. The Bible calls this day the "Sabbath". The Sabbath is the seventh day of the week (Gen 2:1-3) in Judaism and in the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. This is why they are called "Seventh-day Adventists". Although the abbreviation "SDA" is used, "Adventist" is the church's preferred shortening of "Seventh-day Adventist".

The Seventh-day Adventist Church came from the Millerite movement in the United States. This included people from many denominations. The Millerites started in the middle of the 19th century. They were people who followed the teachings of William Miller. Miller preached that Jesus is coming very soon, in the Second Coming or Second Advent. The church name "Adventist" came from the word "Advent." The Seventh-day Adventist Church started in 1863.

In many ways, the religious teachings of the Seventh-day Adventist church are like evangelical teachings such as the Trinity and Biblical inerrancy. Teachings that are different include the doctrine of an investigative judgment, the unconscious state of the dead (which means that when people die, they will not wake up until Christ resurrects them), and that the wicked will be destroyed forever by fire (rather than forever burn in Hell). 

The church is also known for its message on health. It teaches that being healthy helps us to make good decisions, understand God’s Word, be productive in God’s service, and otherwise glorify God with our bodies as temples. Adventists who eat meat typically do not eat meat from pigs, certain fish, and other animals that the Bible names as unclean. Many Adventists are vegetarian (no meat) or vegan (no animal products, such as milk or eggs). They tend to stay away from smoking, drinking and other things known to be harmful or mind-altering. Exercise, being outdoors, resting, and drinking lots of water are other parts to healthy living usually taught by Adventists. In 2005, a National Geographic cover story identified the Adventists living in Loma Linda, California, as one of five Blue Zones of people living longer than the rest of the world. 

The church also promotes religious liberty. When it comes to culture, it is more conservative. 

Among the founders of the Church was Ellen G. White. She wrote a lot that is still thought to be very important in the church today. She was a dedicated Christian who believed she got visions from God about the end of the world and what heaven will be like.

At a world level, the Seventh-day Adventist Church is run by a General Conference. Smaller regions are administered by divisions, union conferences and local conferences. It is present in over 200 countries and territories and is ethnically and culturally diverse. The church runs many schools, hospitals and publishing houses worldwide, as well as a famous organization that helps people in trouble, known as the Adventist Development and Relief Agency. There are about 18.5 million people in the church worldwide.

The church is organized with a representative form of church government and the world-wide Church has 13 Divisions.

The Seventh-day Adventist World Church Statistics shows the church had 15,660,347 members as of December 31, 2007.

The Adventist News Network reported in June 2010 (during the 59th quinquennial General Conference Session of the Seventh-day Adventist Church held in Atlanta, Georgia,) that Seventh-day Adventists reached a membership of 16,300,000, according to the church's Office of Archives and Statistics. The world church Secretary stated that when counting unbaptized children and family members who attend services, the church numbers between 25 and 30 million.

Seventh-day Adventists believe in Protestantism.

Seventh-day Adventist believe in the 28 Fundamental Beliefs. This statement of beliefs was adopted by the General Conference in 1980, with an extra belief (number 11) being added in 2005.

Lye

Lye is the name of different things:


Antony and Cleopatra

Antony and Cleopatra is a play by Shakespeare. It is a tragedy. Shakespeare's source was Plutarch's "Lives". The play was first performed between 1606 and 1607. It was probably first printed in the First Folio of 1623. The play describes the romantic love and suicides of Antony and Cleopatra. 


Het Wilhelmus

"Het Wilhelmus" (, ), fully known as "Wilhelmus van Nassouwe" ("William of Nassau"), is the national anthem of the Netherlands and the former national anthem of the Netherlands Antilles until 1964. Known since at least the 16th century – around the time of the Dutch Revolt – this song contains the oldest melody among all national anthems of the world. Its lyrics also date back to the 1500s, though the lyrics of "Kimigayo"—Japan's national anthem—are much older. Because "Het Wilhelmus" is so old, the origins of the composer(s) and author(s) are uncertain, but the melody has been arranged by Dutch composer Adrianus Valerius in the 1600s. It wasn't officially adopted as national anthem of the Netherlands until the 20th century.

Only the first and sixth verses are sung.

<poem>Guillen di Nassau, desendiente
Un liña hulanda i bieu,
Mi ta dedik'inmortal
Fe den e tera aki mi.
Un lider ta, imperio,
Oraño, semper liber,
Na rei di Spaña a mi duná
Un fieldat ta na bida.

Mi intento biba na
E miedu di òrdu den Dios
I por ta asina a bira un impulso,
E hendenan, e siguridat i e tera,
Ma Dios, tin, mi ta cualifica
Di produkto prepará
Bai un dia mi ta establece
Mi gobernashon.

No laga e destrukshon lo tradicional,
Mi súbditos ta bèrdadero bai bon.
Señor siguridat bo ta warda
Maske awor bo pèrsiguími.
Esun ku veira direktamente
Mester pidi Dios di dia i anochi
Pa benta di poder riba mi
Manera campeón di bo derecho.

Bida i tur e demas
Ki ora mi ta mi a sakrifiká pa bo!
I mi rumannan damanan
Demostra su devoción tambe.
Conta Dolfi, mas pober,
Kai den e Prison refleha,
Bai riba e stat semper
Ta spera di dia di Huisio Caba.

Mi, movementu nasí, baha
Di famia imparsial.
E lider di un influensha, wardami
(Destino e choque di e bataya
Diariamente i sin motibu
Manera religioso mester cristian)
Ku e sanger di mi bida e incomparable
Evangelio di Dios Nos Señor.

Un eskudo i mi konfiansa,
O Dios, bo Semper bo ta.
Konfia den bo guia.
Mi No ta laga nos no sigur.
Pa mañan tabata un religioso
Sirbidó bo pa ai
Bai sali e malesanan ku nos pone man prueba
I opreshon leu.

Mi Dios, bo ta fabor, Salbami
Di tur e pèrsiguími
I mensahe ku esclavizarme,
Bo fiel sirbidó.
Tata, mi no sances
Di nada i kubrí diseño,
No laga ku ta laba man
Sanger ta inosente di mi.

O David, buscaste refugio
Di opreshon di Rei Saul.
Asta asina huí di e alte
I hopi Señor mi.
Ma Señor Dios a salba
Di exilio i su fièrnu
I, den Su kariño, a dun'é
Un reino di Israel.

No logra sin fin
E nubianan ta estadia na spears.
Ta spera ku e ta masha agradabel
Mi kurason prinsipio,
Bo ta ku mi ku honor
Topa ku e morto di e guera,
Bai partisipá den e shelu mi donate,
Di fiel uzá.

Nada move mi kompashon
Manera ta wak kla di e terenonan,
Kunuku, pueblo, pueblo i stat
Destruí na man fugitivo.
Òf ku e español lo vele,
Mi Hulanda asina dushi,
E idea pa mi are
Hasiendo mi kurason sanger.

Un nada di koral di Humor
Mi ta spera ku mi anfitrion
E yama e tirano e bataya,
Bo no ta trei di prisoner.
Pa, banda di March instala,
Temor e forsa ku mi ejercía.
Mi koredó mira un rbtt
Resientemente na e otro banda di tereno.

Si Al a deseá i,
Ora supla e faro tormento,
Mi ta lo calmado,
Òf ta bolbe su explosión di bo
Esun ku ta biba den e shelu,
Unda konsoladó tur nos bendishon,
Pa e motibu aki a duna di gradisimentu ai,
No tabatin asina.

Sigur mi kurason ta permanesé
Mi prosperidat
Mi balor prinsipio ta pensa
Tur e spir pa biba i ta.
Mi pasado e Señor mi skol
Ku un kurason ferviente i tenso
Pa salbami di desaster
I prueba mi inosensia.

Ai mi ta. Pa kòrta
Ta duru pa nos. Riba e bista.
Bo wardadó lanta, unda bo ta deseá
Plamá por biba,
Pidi Dios ku lo alivia.
Di evangelio ta bo cura.
Kana den e pasonan di Jesu
E bida aki no ta uno.

Señor nan poder
Mi ta rekonosé.
Mi no tin ningun or
Malu di Rei a papia.
Sinembargo, den Dios, esun di mas grandi
Di Mahestad ku mester
Obedensia promé i último,
Pasobra e hustisia asina ta nifiká.</poem>

<poem>[ʋɪɫ.ˈɦɛɫ.mʏs vɑn nɑ.ˈsɑu̯.ø]
[bɛn ɪk vɑn ˈdœy̯t.sən blut]
[dɛn ˈvaː.dør.ˌɫɑnt ɣø.ˈtrɑu̯.ø]
[blɛi̯v ɪk tɔt ɪn dɛn doː(w)t]
[ən ˈprɪn.sø vɑn ˌoː(w).ˈrɑn.jø]
[bɛn ɪk frɛi̯ ˌɔn.vør.ˈveːrt]
[dɛn ˈkoː(w).nɪŋ vɑn ɦɪs.ˈspɑn.jø]
[ɦɛp ɪk ˈɑɫ.tɛi̯t ɣø.ˈeːrt]

[mɛi̯n sxɪɫt ˈɛn.dø bø.ˈtrɑu̯.ən]
[ˈzɛi̯t ɣɛi̯ oː(w) ɣɔt mɛi̯n ɦeːr]
[ɔp y zoː(w) ʋɪl ɪk ˈbɑu̯.ən]
[vər.ˈlaːt mɛi̯ ˌnɪ.mør.ˈmeːr]
[dɑt ɪk dɔx froː(w)m mɑɣ ˈblɛi̯.vən]
[yu̯ ˈdi.naːr ˈtɑ.lør stɔnt]
[dø ˌti.rɑ.ˈni vər.ˈdrɛi̯.vən]
[di mɛi̯ mɛi̯n ɦɑrt ˈdoːr.ʋɔnt]</poem>

1661

1661 was a common year starting on a Saturday in the Gregorian calendar, and a common year starting on a Tuesday in the Julian calendar.





1579

1579 was a common year.

752

752 was a leap year.


1005

1005 (MV) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the fifth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.


1128

1128 was a leap year.


984

984 was a leap year.




1639

1639 was a common year.

1003

1003 (MIII) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the third year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.


Fuzzy logic

Fuzzy logic is a sort of computer logic that is different from boolean algebra founded by Lotfi A. Zadeh. It is different in the way that it allows values to be more accurate than on or off. While boolean logic only allows true or false, fuzzy logic allows all things in between. An example of this could be a computer game: A person is standing in a doorway while a thing explodes. The character is hit or not hit if boolean logic is used, but the doorway protects him from the explosion. Therefore, he might only be hit 20%, and takes less damage.

To put it in more precise mathematical terms, classical logic has two values. These values are usually called "false" (0) or "true" (1). With fuzzy logic, a (calculated) value of 0.8 or 0.971 is possible. It is important to know the difference between fuzzy logic and chance. A coin that is thrown has a chance of 0.5 for landing heads up. If it is thrown 1000 times, it is expected that it will land with heads side up 500 times. With fuzzy logic, a thing with a "truth value" of 0.5 will have a value of 0.5 no matter how many times it is done. It is not a 50% chance of true or untrue, it is 50% true and 50% untrue at the same time.
Fuzzy logic is used a lot in expert systems and neural networks.

Humans tend to use a combination of predicate logic and fuzzy logic. If you are an outfielder catching a baseball hit into the air, then your precise logic will calculate trajectory and start you running to the point of intercept (catching). However, once close to the ball the eyes and brain of the outfielder lacks the ability to accurately estimate distance and speed because the ball is coming straight at the outfielder. The human brain switches to fuzzy logic that says "get me closer", "get me closer", and so on. That is why you see outfielders in baseball run to a spot and then move around as the ball gets closer.

Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball. Fuzzy logic says because of wind or other things you might not be in the correct place so just keep getting closer until you catch the ball. 

In predicate logic it is the mathematics of calculating the path of the ball that determines your action. In fuzzy logic it is the error of your calculations that determines your action.

In effect, it's like your brain trying to steady a drink in your hand while traveling down a bumpy road.

Douala

Douala is the largest city in the African country of Cameroon. It is the capital city of Littoral Region.

The city is placed near the Wouri River. Its population is about 2,000,000 people. The first European people who came to Douala were from Portugal. They found Duala in about 1472. Before 1884 it was named Cameroons Town. In 1884 German people came to Duala and changed its name to Kamarunstadt ("Camaroon City") and made it the capital of German Kamerun. In 1907 its name was changed to Duala. It became the capital of French Cameroons in 1919. From 1940 to 1946, it was the capital of Cameroon.

Duala is an expensive city. It ranked 24th most expensive city of the world in 2007.

Douala is linked by rail to Yaoundé, Ngaoundéré, Kumba and Nkongsamba. The largest port and the most important airport in Cameron are both in Douala.


1225

1225 was a common year.


578

578 was a common year starting on Saturday.


972

972 was a leap year.




1027

1027 (MXXVII) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the twenty-seventh year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.



37

37 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Proculus and Pontius.




1584

1584 was a leap year.

193

193 was a common year.


1243

1243 was a common year starting on Thursday.


1541

1541 was a common year.

1354

1354 was a common year.


1129

1129 was a common year.


1135

1135 was a common year.


1052

The year "1052" was a leap year which started on Wednesday.



1470s

The 1470s was the decade that started on January 1, 1470 and ended on December 31, 1479.


1476

1476 was a leap year.


Gleiwitz incident

The Gleiwitz incident was a planned German attack against the radio station "Sender Gleiwitz" in the German town of Gliwice on the night of August 31, 1939. This attack along with other Nazi activities was used to make people think that Poland attacked Germany and that Poland, not Germany started World War II.

Mackinac Island

Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron. It is part of the U.S. state of Michigan and is 8 miles (13 kilometers) around.

Many people go to see Mackinac Island in the summer because the island passed a local law that says that no one can use a car on the island. Everybody has to ride a horse or a bicycle. In recent years, young people have been using roller skates or roller blades to get around the island. There is a narrow paved road that follows the 8 miles of shoreline. This road is for horses (and their buggies), bicycles, skaters and joggers or just people taking a long walk. 

In order to get to Mackinac Island, visitors have to buy a ticket on a ferry boat. The boat ride has views of Lake Huron and the Mackinac Bridge. After they get to Mackinac Island, many visitors buy locally made fudge. 

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars is a list of the top actors in Hollywood history. It was announced by the American Film Institute on June 16, 1999.

The list promised one hundred people on it, but in the end there were only fifty.

As of 2023, of the fifty stars listed, only one is still alive (Sophia Loren). At the time the list was unveiled Katharine Hepburn, Elizabeth Taylor, Shirley Temple, Lauren Bacall, Marlon Brando, Gregory Peck, Kirk Douglas and Sidney Poitier were also still living.

Havana

Havana () is the capital city of Cuba. Its population was 2.1 million in the census of 2012. It is at 23°8′N 82°23′W and is a little more than 100 miles south-southwest of Key West, Florida in the United States. Cuba's main airport ia located in the city.

Havana is a very old city. It was founded in 1515 by Spanish explorers. Due to its important location it became a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the Americas. Also, it became a stopping point for Spanish ships returning to Spain filled with treasure. King Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of City in 1592. Walls as well as forts were built to protect the old city. The sinking of the U.S. battleship Maine in Havana's harbor in 1898 was the immediate cause of the Spanish–American War.

Bismarck

Bismarck is a German family name.

The name "Bismarck" is usually associated with Otto von Bismarck, a famous Prussian and later German statesman in the 19th century. His name is sometimes misspelled Bismark.


The "Bismarck" was a battleship of the German navy during WWII







Crusinallo

Crusinallo, with 4000 people, is the most populated district of the town of Omegna (in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, in Piedmont, Italy). It was an independent town until 1928. The town of Crusinallo is located in the north part of the town of Omegna, at the border with the towns of Casale Corte Cerro, Gravellona Toce, and Germagno. The natural borders are: at north, the Saint Martino river; at east and south, the Strona river; at west, the forest of Alpe Colla.

1752

1752 only had 355 days.


362

362 was a common year in the Julian calendar.




1071

1071 is a common year.


People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals

People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is one of the world's largest non-profit organisations about animal rights. The four main beliefs of PETA are that animals are not to be used for food, clothes, exploitation or testing. The headquarters of the organization is in Norfolk, Virginia in the United States. PETA was started by Ingrid Newkirk and Alex Pacheco in 1980.

PETA has protested fast food chain KFC for the way it kills chickens and also for jallikattu or sallikattu in Tamil Nadu (India). In the past, it has protested many corporations including Iams, which makes pet food. 

PETA's main website is made for adults and vegans. They also have another website called PETA2 which is made for teenagers who are vegetarian, vegan or still deciding. PETA says it has over nine million members.


Software licence

A software licence (or software license in United States English) is a kind of licence that is used to set rules about how a piece of software can or cannot be used. After getting the software by either downloading it or buying it, you need to agree with the licence in order to use it. The licence is chosen or created by the software developer/creator or software publisher. Many licences answer questions such as "can I use this software commercially/to make money?", or "can I give this software to other people?", or in general, "in what ways am I allowed/permitted to use this software?".

One kind of software licence, an end user licence agreement, or "EULA", is very specific/descriptive about the things that you can or cannot do with the software, and oftentimes establishes/defines the rights of the software developer over the user. Most EULAs are written by the specific software developer and are not shared like other software licences.

Another type of software licence is an open source distribution licence. These licences let software developers choose what people can and cannot do with the code of the software. There are many licences freely available which allow you to do this, such as the MIT Licence, which allows for the software to be used by any person for any reason/purpose. The GNU General Public Licence, often abbreviated/shortened as GPL is a licence which makes all copies of the software free and open source. Therefore, GPL cannot be included in any part of proprietary/closed software because it does not follow the rules of the licence. The Apache Licence is more definitive and specific, but is more common with larger companies, such as Google, but is still considered a free software licence. Creative Commons is a popular licence used by people who want to give something out for free without taking as much credit. Creative Commons is very open, and is even used by Wikipedia for its pages and other content.


BSD licence

The BSD licence is named after the group that first used the licence, the University of California, Berkeley, where the BSD operating system was first made. Since they are in the United States, BSD uses the U.S. spelling "BSD license".

The words of the BSD licence are public domain and can be changed however people want. To be useful for people or groups, people need to change 'Regents of the University of California', 'University of California, Berkeley', and 'Regents' to their name. A basic BSD licence looks like this:

This means that any person who uses the licensed software can do anything with it, but the person cannot say it is all their work or say that the first makers of the software support the person's new software in any way. It also stops people from suing the first makers if something goes wrong with it.


1688

Year 1688 was a leap year that started on a Thursday when using the Gregorian calendar.





1614

1614 was a common year.


1746

1746 was a common year.


1734

1734 was a common year.


1682

Year 1682 was a common year that started on a Thursday when using the Gregorian calendar.





222

222 was a common year.

477

477 was a common year.


509

509 was a common year.


571

571 was a common year.



609

609 was a common year.

Lake Baikal

Lake Baikal is a huge lake in Siberia, Russia. It is the biggest fresh water reservoir in the world. The lake is near Irkutsk. 

Baikal is about long. It is wide. At its deepest point, it is deep. It is the deepest lake on Earth. The lake is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It holds about 20% of the world's unfrozen surface fresh water.

The lake has unique fish. It is home to more than 1,700 species of plants and animals. Two-thirds of them can be found nowhere else.

Lake Baikal fills an ancient rift valley, just as Lake Tanganyika does in East Africa. At the Baikal Rift Zone, the Earth's crust pulls apart.

It is the deepest lake in the world at . The bottom of the lake is below sea level, but below this lies some of sediment. This means the rift floor is below the surface: it is the deepest continental rift on Earth. 

In geological terms, the rift is young and active it widens about two cm per year. The fault zone is also seismically active; there are hot springs in the area and notable earthquakes every few years. 

Baikal's age is 25–30 million years. It is unique among large, high-latitude lakes, because its sediments have not been scoured by overriding continental ice sheets. U.S. and Russian studies of core sediment in the 1990s gave a detailed record of climatic variation over the past 250,000 years. Longer and deeper sediment cores are expected soon. Lake Baikal is the only confined freshwater lake in which evidence of gas hydrates exists.

The lake is completely surrounded by mountains. The Baikal Mountains on the north shore and the taiga are protected as a national park. It has 27 islands; the largest, Olkhon, is long and is the third-largest lake-bound island in the world. The lake is fed by as many as 330 inflowing rivers. It is drained through a single outlet, the Angara River.

Despite its great depth, the lake's waters are well-mixed and well-oxygenated throughout the water column, compared to the stratification that occurs in such bodies of water as Lake Tanganyika and the Black Sea.

Lake Baikal has over 1000 species of plants and 1550 species and varieties of animals. Over 60% of animals are endemic; of 52 species of fish 27 are endemic.

The omul fish ("Coregonus autumnalis migratorius") is local to Lake Baikal. It is fished, smoked, and sold on all markets around the lake. For many travellers on the Trans-Siberian railway, purchasing smoked omul is one of the highlights of the long journey.

Baikal also has a species of seals, Baikal seal or "nerpa". Bears and deer can be seen and hunted by the Baikal coast.

In 1986 Baikalskyi and Barguzinskyi became Biosphere Reserves. The ecosystems are part of UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere (MAB) Programme.

The Baykalsk Pulp and Paper Mill was constructed in 1966 on the shoreline of Lake Baikal. The plant bleached paper using chlorine and discharged waste directly into Lake Baikal. The decision to construct the plant at Lake Baikal resulted in strong protests. The objections of Soviet scientists had opposition from the industrial lobby. Only after decades of protest was the plant closed in 2008 (and only because it was unprofitable). On 4 January 2010, production was resumed. On 13 January 2010, Russian President Vladimir Putin legalised the operation of the plant. This brought a wave of protests from ecologists and local residents. In September 2013 the mill went bankrupt.



Omul

The omul ("Coregonus migratorius") is a kind of fish. It belongs to the same family as the trout and the salmon. It only lives in Lake Baikal and the rivers around it (the Angara for example. It is very typical for that region of Siberia).

Omul considered a food delicacy and can be eaten n many ways. Local people consume it boiled, fried smoked, and freshly salted.

The Omul normally fished using seine nets and fishing nets, yet during early spring, it can be caught using a fishing road.

Salmon

Salmon is a kind of teleost fish. It is a general term for commercially important ray-finned fish from the family Salmonidae. Salmon belong to the same family of fish as the trout. 

Most kinds of salmon live in salt water, or migrate between rivers and the sea. Many people like to eat salmon, so sometimes the fish is grown in fish farms. 

As the salmon go upstream to the spawning grounds, they may face obstruction from beaver dams. Sluice gates have to be provided so the gravid female salmon can get to the spawning grounds. This is a problem caused by the re-introduction of beavers to the U.K. Sluice gates are opened for the salmon at breeding time. Salmon farms are also possible, in which the fish are non-migratory, but then they have to be fed artificially.

Salmons get the pink color of their flesh from a pigment called astaxanthin. Wild salmon get it from the krill and shrimp they eat, while farmed salmon gets traces of it in kibble (compound feed). If they don't have the pigment, their flesh has a gray color.

Usual ways to make food out of salmon are smoking, cold smoking and graving. 



Wild turkey

The wild turkey ("Meleagris gallopavo") is the name of the more common of the two species of turkey. This large bird is found across much of the United States and southern Canada.

Wild turkeys prefer hardwood and mixed conifer-hardwood forests with scattered openings such as pastures, fields, orchards and seasonal marshes. They can adapt to any dense plant community so long as there is cover and openings to fly out. Open, mature forests with a variety of tree species seem to be best.

The "domesticated turkey" has been tamed and bred from wild turkeys, by people, to raise on farms.

Ocellated turkey

An ocellated turkey ("Meleagris ocellata") is a turkey (a large bird) that is named for the eye-like spots on the tail feathers ("ocellated" means having eye-like spots). It is similar to the wild turkey that is found more to the north in North America.

Natalia

Natalia may mean:


Drenthe

Drenthe (pronounce: "DREN-te") is a province in the northeast of the Netherlands. The capital city is Assen. South of it is Overijssel, west of it is Friesland and north of it is Groningen. East of it is Lower Saxony, that is a part of Germany. About 502,000 people are living in Drenthe (2023).

Thousands of years ago, there were already people in Drenthe. Around 3500 BC people made dolmens ("hunebedden"), piles of big stones. 53 of the 54 dolmens in the Netherlands are in Drenthe. Most of them are in the northeast of the province.

The oldest paper with the name Drenthe on it is from 820. It was called "Pago Treanth" (district Drenthe). Papers from 1024 and 1025 show that is was a county at that time. 

From 1046 until 1528, the bishops of Utrecht ruled over Drenthe. From 1581 until 1795 it was part of the Republic of the Seven United Provinces, but Drenthe itself was not a province. In 1796, under the Batavian Republic, Drenthe was a province for the first time.

In the Second World War, the nazis build a concentration camp near Westerbork. From there, they put Dutch Jews on the train to other camps in Germany and Poland. In the last train from Westerbork was also Anne Frank. She was a Jewish girl and she wrote a diary. She died in the concentration camp Bergen-Belsen in Germany. After the war her diary became world famous.

Location of the municipalities of Drenthe.

The most important cities are Assen (the capital), Emmen, Meppel and Hoogeveen. In Drenthe there is many heathland.

In Drenthe many people speak Low Saxon dialects. The dialects in Drenthe are called "Drents". These dialects are different in each town or village.


D-Day (military term)

D-Day is a term used in military planning to mean the actual day a major operation or event is to begin. The days leading up to a D-Day are called D-1, D-2, D-3, etc. That allows scheduling a sequence of events before the start date is chosen. The days after a D-Day are D+1, D+2, D+3, and so on. 

Several different days in military history were named D-Day. However, the most famous D-Day was the Normandy landings during Operation Overlord, on the morning of June 6, 1944, when the largest naval attack in military history took place in France during World War II. Operation Overlord was led by US General Dwight D. Eisenhower

The Allies Britain, Canada, and America breached the Normandy coastline and broke through the German fortification chain, the Atlantic Wall. That was a turning point in World War II though over 3,500 men were lost. 

The invasion started with airborne landings at 3:30 a.m. and the seaborne invasion started at 6:30 a.m. and took 19 hours. Operation Overlord had been planned for months and was scheduled for June 5 but was delayed for a day by bad weather.

Over the next several months, the Allies fought in France and took various useful ports such as Caen and later took Paris. After less than a year, the Allies entered Nazi Germany, which surrendered.

An invasion of southern France was intended to start at the same time, but there were not enough landing craft for both invasions. The operation started on its D-Day, August 15.


655

655 was a common year.


Ishpeming, Michigan

Ishpeming is a city in Marquette County, Michigan, USA. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total of 6,140 people living in it. There used to be more people in the 1950s and 1960s, when the iron ore mines were in full operation. 

The city has a total area of 24.0 km² (9.2 mi²). 22.5 km² (8.7 mi²) of it is land and 1.5 km² (0.6 mi²) of it (6.16%) is water. Ishpeming is 1436 feet above sea level.

The movie "Anatomy of a Murder" was filmed in Ishpeming and areas around it in 1959.
Ishpeming was also the birthplace of aviation engineer Clarence "Kelly" Johnson in 1910 and Nobel prize winning chemist Glenn T. Seaborg in 1912.

Ishpeming is considered the birthplace of downhill ski jumping in the United States and is the home to the National Ski Hall of Fame.


Humphrey Bogart

Humphrey DeForest Bogart (December 25, 1899 – January 14, 1957) was an American actor. He is nominated for three Academy Awards on each movies, including "Casablanca", "The African Queen" and "The Caine Mutiny".



Funk

Funk is a type of music from the United States that was developed in the 1960s by African American musicians and singers such as James Brown, Sly and the Family Stone, George Clinton and The Meters. Funk music emphasizes the rhythm of the music. Funk music is dance music that mixes rhythm and blues music with soul music.

Funk bands use many rhythm instruments, such as electric guitar, bass guitar, drums, and keyboard instruments, mainly synthesizers and electronic organs. Funk bands also have people who play horns, including saxophones, trumpets, and trombones.

In funk music, the electric bass has a more important role than in other styles of popular music. Many funk songs are based on a strong bass line (melody) played by the electric bass player. Well-known funk bass players include Bootsy Collins, Louis Johnson and Larry Graham of Sly & the Family Stone. Larry Graham invented a new style of electric bass playing called "slap bass technique." With this technique, the bass player slaps and plucks the strings to create a strong rhythm.

The United States singer and musician James Brown was one of the first funk musicians. James Brown recorded a song in 1965 called "Papa's Got a Brand New Bag" which is considered the first funk song. Other musical groups copied the rhythms and musical style developed by James Brown and his band. A band called The Meters played funk music in New Orleans. The Meters had hit songs such as "Sophisticated Cissy" and "Cissy Strut" in 1969. Another funk group, The Isley Brothers, had a hit song in 1969 called "It's Your Thing".

In the 1980s, funk music changed. Funk musicians began using electronic instruments such as synthesizer keyboards and electronic drum machines instead of electric bass, electric organ, trumpets, saxophones, and drums. Rick James had hits in the 1980s with funk songs such as "Give It To Me Baby" and "Super Freak." The band Queen had funk songs such as "Another One Bites The Dust." The musician and singer Prince had hit songs.

Some major names of early 80s funk include: Cameo, Zapp, The Gap Band, The Bar-Kays, and The Dazz Band.

In the later 1980s, two new styles of funk developed called "funk rock" and funk metal. These styles of music mixed funk music with rock and metal music. Funk rock and funk metal bands include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Living Colour, Jane's Addiction, Prince, Urban Dance Squad, Primus, Fishbone, Faith No More and Rage Against the Machine.

Funk music influenced 1980s hip hop music. Many hip hop musicians use funk songs by James Brown or George Clinton to compose new hip hop songs.

In the 1990s and 2000s, hip hop influenced funk and funk rock bands included Outkast, and Van Hunt.

In the late 1990s, the band Phish developed a live sound that would come to be characterized by some as "cow funk" and by others as "space funk", which consisted of extended danceable grooves that accented beat 1 of the 4/4 rhythm (i.e. classic funk), while often emphasizing heavy "wah" pedal and other psychedelic effects from the guitar player and layered Clavinet from the keyboard player. See the following collection for many representative examples-Phish Space Funk 3.0 Youtube

As well, 1990s and 2000s hip hop musicians continued to use funk songs by James Brown or George Clinton to compose new hip hop songs, there was also a popular West Coast hip hop genre that mixed with funk called "G-funk".



1513

1513 was a year of the Gregorian calendar, that started on a Wednesday.



Great white shark

The great white shark ("Carcharodon carcharias"), also known as the white shark, is a species of mackerel shark. It is the world's largest living predatory fish. Mature sharks may grow up to in length and in weight. There also have been a few reports of great white sharks measuring over . This shark reaches its sexual maturity around 15 years of age. The lifespan of a great white shark may be as long as 70 years or more. Great white sharks can accelerate to speeds over .

Great white sharks have about 300 teeth, arranged in many rows. The first two rows of the teeth are used for grabbing and cutting the animals they eat, while the other teeth in the last rows replace the front teeth when they are broken, worn down, or when they fall out. The teeth have the shape of a triangle with jags on the edges. Great white sharks are carnivores. The great white sharks is an apex predator. It hunts fish, seals, sea lions, seagulls, penguins, squid, octopuses, dolphins, small whales, crabs, shrimps, stingrays, sea turtles and other sharks.

The great white shark has no natural predators other than the killer whale. Some orcas have discovered they can paralyse the shark by flipping it upside-down. Then they hold the shark still with their mouth, and that suffocates it (sharks get oxygen by moving through the water).

The bestselling novel "Jaws" by Peter Benchley and the film by Steven Spielberg show the great white shark as a "ferocious human eater". In real life, humans are not the preferred food of the great white shark. However, of all shark species, the great white shark has the second largest number of fatal unprovoked attacks on humans.

The great white shark is a shark and a type of cartilaginous fish belonging to a biological class known as Chondrichthyes. These fish are jawed vertebrates with paired fins, paired nares, scales, a heart with its chambers in series, and a skeleton made of cartilage not bone. These sharks are also known as Lamniformes, which is an order of sharks commonly referred to as mackerel sharks. This species of shark has two dorsal fins, an anal fin, five gill slits and a mouth extended behind the eyes.

The great white shark is one of nature’s most deadly carnivores, and is distinguishable by its jaws and many sharp teeth. The difference is the ability for both the shark’s jaws to move when ambushing its prey. It will first bite with the lower jaw to sink its teeth in, then closes the upper jaw and begins thrashing its head repeatedly to tear off chunks of flesh . Its mouth may contain as many as 3, 000 teeth at one time, sitting in five rows with the largest set in the front. In the event a tooth is lost, another comes forward from a stash of backup teeth embedded in the shark’s jaws.

In addition to the teeth and jaws of great white sharks, their senses have greatly adapted to sharpen their skills as hunters. Their sense of smell is most accurate and great whites can detect a single drop of blood in ten billion drops of water. They possess an “ear stone” which helps the animal position itself in the water depending on the direction it is swimming. Sharks also utilize excellent vision with retinas divided into two areas for daylight and nighttime swimming, and protect them by rolling them backwards into the skull before biting. One of their most interesting senses relates to their touch and electro-reception. A series of pores in the shark’s nose allow them to detect electromagnetic fields and sense animal vibrations in the water, as well as accurately navigate through the open ocean.

The great white becomes an adult about nine years after its birth. The growth of the great white shark is about 25-30 centimetres per year and they grow to an average size of 4.5 meters. The largest can be as much as 6.4 meters in length. Their liver, a delicacy to killer whales, can weigh up to about 24 percent of its own body weight.

Great white sharks live in the sea. They live near the coast, in all warm waters. They occasionally make dives into the deep water of open oceans. They can be in water as shallow as three feet deep. The deepest scientists have seen a shark dive is about 1200 meters (4000 feet). That is down into the bathypelagic zone, where there is no sunlight.

They may swim near:

Research has shown that the sharks of northern California are genetically different to other shark populations. DNA evidence shows the population separated from other great whites about 200,000 years ago (during the Pleistocene Era). By tagging the sharks they also learned that they are generally alone, but follow the same route through the ocean, and stay in the same places. From January to July they live near Hawaii, and then move to Californian waters between August and December.

Sharks have been on Earth much longer than humans, which is one reason why humans are not part of their diet. Most scientists think sharks do not like the way humans taste.

Some people think that humans are not good food for great white sharks, because the human body has a lot more bone and less muscle and fat than the shark likes. Some scientists think sharks attack humans because they have mistaken the human for a seal or sea lion. Seals and sea lions have blubber, which the shark likes. Other scientists think sharks' senses are good enough to tell that the human is not a seal. They think sharks do not know what the human is and bite it to learn more.

Usually in a shark attack, the shark bites the human once and then swims away for a while. Sometimes the shark will bite off a leg or arm, but usually the bite is just a bite. Sometimes there is no tissue loss at all (nothing bitten off). Deaths in such cases are generally caused by loss of blood from the first wound. In cases where attacks have occurred and the victim has been unable to escape quickly, partial or whole consumption has occurred; lone divers are especially at risk of this. Scientists are not sure why this is but they have some ideas.

Sharks are very curious but they do not have whiskers or hands or tentacles like other animals. To learn more about an object, a shark has to either bump into it or bite it. Sharks' teeth and mouths are very sensitive. When sharks see a new object, for example, a surfboard, they bite it to know what kind of object it might be.

It is also possible that human behavior and shark behavior just don't match. In the 1980s, John McCasker proposed the Bite and Spit hypothesis. McCasker said that a shark will attack dangerous prey like an elephant seal by biting it once and then letting go. The shark then swims away to wait for the prey to bleed to death before going back to eat its body. But when a shark bites a human once, the human's friends come and help them out of the water. Maybe the shark would finish eating the human, but it does not get the chance. But sharks usually attack seal-sized (or human-sized) prey in one strong bite from underneath, so people are not sure if McCasker's idea is right.


Cary Grant

Cary Grant (January 18, 1904 - November 29, 1986), born as Archibald Alexander Leach in Bristol, United Kingdom, was an English-American actor. He was known for his Mid-Atlantic accent, debonair demeanor, light-hearted approach to acting, and sense of comic timing. He was one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men from the 1930s until the mid-1960s. He starred in many movies, including 1959's "North by Northwest".

Grant became an American citizen in 1942. At that time, he legally changed his name to "Cary Grant." He died of a stroke on November 29, 1986. His body was cremated.

Emotion

Emotions are what people feel. They are very ancient, and can be seen in all mammals.

Emotions are caused by a complex mixture of hormones and the unconscious mind. Only with great difficulty can we control our emotions by conscious effort. They cause mammals to change behaviour according to changes in their situation. In our case, they sometimes run against our attempt to live our lives in a logical way.

A scientific definition is not simple; over 90 definitions have been offered by experts. A definition of emotion needs to include three things:

Here is one definition:

In physical terms, emotions involve body systems which have operated for hundreds of millions of years. These are the hormone system, the autonomic nervous system and the 'lower' brain centers (hindbrain and midbrain).

The study of emotions became one of Darwin's books after "The Descent of Man". He published "The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals" in 1873. He had discovered, by sending letters and a list of questions worldwide, that in different societies emotions were expressed in almost the same way.

If so, the mechanisms which made the expressions must be inherited. They must have been developed in the same way as all other features of man, evolution by natural selection. It was already known from anatomy that the muscles and nerves of the face were the same or similar in all humans.

Darwin illustrated the expression of the emotions with a series of photographs and woodcut illustrations. Ekman did the same thing on a research visit to New Guinea, where he asked villagers to identify the emotions shown in the photographs. This was part of a long-term effort to test and extend Darwin's insights into emotions. Some of Ekman's conclusions are:

It is obvious that some animals, mostly mammals, but also some birds, have emotions which are somewhat similar to human emotions as far as one can tell. The most obvious cases are domestic pets which are clearly happy to see owners after a long separation. 

Because two large groups of vertebrates have developed emotions (mammals and birds at least), it must be that emotions are helpful in group behaviour. In a quite different group, social insects, the group behaviour is controlled by pheromones: inherited scent patterns. Scent is also important to most mammals, but birds are more sight-oriented.


Dyslexia

Dyslexia, or word blindness, is a learning disability that affects reading. Different people are affected to different degrees. The condition that makes it difficult to learn and understand things in the same way others do. It is a very common problem.

Dyslexia affects the way the brain understands words. The most common signs of dyslexia are reading and writing problems. 

Estimates are that in the United States between 5 and 9% of school children have dyslexia. Another source says it affects 3–7% of the population. Up to 20% of the general population may have some degree of symptoms. While dyslexia is more often diagnosed in boys, this is partly explained by a self-fulfilling referral bias among teachers and professionals.

A person can have dyslexia even if they are intelligent. Their education might be affected by their dyslexia or not. Recent studies show there are some small business owners that have dyslexia. Researchers think many dyslexic entrepreneurs are successful because they can delegate responsibilities (of writing letters) and still be good at speaking.

At the end of the 19th century, scientists did a lot of research about dyslexia and found some of the reasons that people are dyslexic.

Children with dyslexia can be helped. One way teachers help dyslexic students is to break words into different sounds. The student must learn how to write the different sounds and create words. This helps with reading and writing.

Speech is a newcomer in evolutionary terms. Like the large heads of babies, human speech evolved very recently. 

Newer biological functions tend to be less reliable than older functions.


AK-47

The AK-47 is a Russian combat rifle first used in 1949. It and an updated version called the AKM were used by the Soviet Union's military (which was called the Soviet Army). It was later replaced by the AK-74 and AK-12.

The AK-47 was designed in 1947 by Mikhail Kalashnikov.

The AK-47 quickly became famous and spread all around the world because it was simple to fire, clean and maintain, and also because of its reliability, meaning that it can be fired for a long time without jamming. The AK-47 and its successors continue to be used by many of the world's armies. Many terrorist and insurgent groups also use the AK-47. It is a cheap, reliable, and easy-to-use weapon. The AK-47 was also available with a folding stock, the AKS-47, and a shortened version with the AKS74 folding stock, the AKMSU (used by armoured vehicle crews), although this was soon replaced by the AKS74U, which fires the 5.45 cartridge of the AK-74. There was also a light machine gun variant with a longer barrel and different shaped stock called the RPK.

The Russian military liked the AK's design so much that it was even used to design other types of weapons as well, including the SKS, Dragunov sniper rifle and the Saiga-12 semi-automatic shotgun.

The AK-47 uses gas-operated reloading. When the bullet is moved down the barrel, a little bit of the gas behind the bullet is made to go up a small tube that pushes away the bolt. The shooter does not have to reload by hand for every shot - the gun reloads by itself. When you pull the trigger, the bullet in the chamber fires. You then release and then pull the trigger again to fire another round. When used this way, it is called a semi-automatic firearm. A few AK-47's are made to be used only this way but most are fully automatic firearms.

In the pro-communist states, the AK-47 became a symbol of the Third World revolution.

They were used in the Cambodian Civil War and the Cambodian–Vietnamese War. During the 1980s, the Soviet Union became the principal arms dealer to countries embargoed by Western nations. This included Middle Eastern nations such as Iran, Libya, and Syria, which welcomed Soviet Union backing against Israel. After the end of the Soviet Union (1989/90), AK-47s were sold openly and on the black market to any group with cash, including drug cartels and dictatorial states. More recently they have been seen in the hands of terrorist groups such as Al-Qaeda, ISIL, and the Taliban in Afghanistan and Iraq, and FARC, Ejército de Liberación Nacional guerrillas in Colombia.

The proliferation of this weapon is shown by more than just numbers. The AK-47 is included in the flag of Mozambique, an acknowledgment that the country gained its independence in large part through the effective use of their AK-47s. It is also found in the coats of arms of East Timor and the revolution era Burkina Faso, as well as in the flags of Hezbollah, FARC-EP, the New People's Army in the Phillipines, TKP/TIKKO and other "Revolutionary Peoples" groups.


1637

1637 was a common year.

Colima

Colima is a state in west Mexico. About 760,000 people live there. Its capital is also called Colima.

Peter Jackson

Sir Peter Robert Jackson (born 31 October 1961, Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand film director. He is most widely known for directing "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy. He also directed the 2005 film, "King Kong".

In 2003, Jackson won three Academy Awards for "": Academy Award for Directing, Academy Award for Best Picture and Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay.

Jackson directed the music video for "Now and Then", the "last" single of The Beatles.


Valencia

Valencia is a city in Spain, on the Mediterranean coast. It is the capital of the Community of Valencia. It has 807,396 people, making it the third-largest city in Spain and the fifteenth in the European Union. 

Valencia has a borderline hot semi-arid climate ("BSh" in the Köppen climate classification) and a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Köppen climate classification).

Valencia Tourism Official Site 

Murcia

Murcia is the capital of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain, and its biggest city, with a population of 420,000 in the city and more than 740,000 in the metropolitan area. The municipality is the seventh largest in Spain. 

The city is in the Segura Valley, in an area called la "Huerta de Murcia", which is a very important agricultural center with oranges, lemons, tomatoes, onions, etc.; the varied fruits and vegetables typical of the Mediterranean lands. It has a hot semi-arid climate ("BSh" in the Koeppen climate classification). The city has a Baroque cathedral and a university.

Zaragoza

Zaragoza (sometimes called Saragossa in English) is the capital of Aragon, in the Ebro Valley, in the crossroad from Barcelona, Valencia, Madrid, and Bilbao. The population is 643,000. The most important monument is the Nuestra Señora del Pilar ("Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar").

Zaragoza has a cold semi-arid climate ("BSk" in the Köppen climate classification) with hot summers and cool winters.

Málaga

Malaga (Spanish: "Málaga") is a Spanish city in Andalusia, Spain on the Mediterranean coast. The city has 560,000 people. There are more than 1,000,000 people in the surrounding area. It is the second biggest city in Andalusia after Sevilla, and the sixth biggest in Spain. The 20th century artist Pablo Picasso was born in Málaga.

Málaga is southernmost large city in Europe, it lies on the Costa del Sol (Coast of the Sun) of the Mediterranean, about 100 km (62.14 mi) east of the Strait of Gibraltar and about 130 km (80.78 mi) north of Africa.
Málaga enjoys a subtropical–mediterranean climate. It has one of the warmest winters in Europe, with average temperatures of 17 °C (62.6 °F) during the day and 7–8 °C (45–46 °F) at night in the period from December through February.
The climate is subtropical-Mediterranean (Köppen climate classification: "Csa") with very mild winters and hot summers. Málaga enjoys plenty of sunshine throughout the year, with an average of about 300 days of sunshine and only about 40-45 with precipitation annually. Its coastal location with winds blowing from the Mediterranean Sea make the heat manageable during the summer.<ref name="malaga.com/geo"></ref>

Málaga experiences the warmest winters of any European city with a population over 500,000. The average temperature during the day in the period December through February is . During the winter, the Málaga Mountains ("Montes de Málaga") block out the cold weather from the north. Generally, the summer season lasts about eight months, from April to November, although in the remaining four months temperatures sometimes surpass . Its average annual temperature is during the day and at night. In the coldest month, January, the temperature ranges from during the day, at night and the average sea temperature is . In the warmest month, August, the temperature ranges from during the day, above at night and the average sea temperature is .

Large fluctuations in temperature are rare. The highest temperature ever recorded at the airport is on 18 July 1978. In the month of August 1881, the average reported daytime maximum temperature was a record . The coldest temperature ever recorded was on the night of 4 February 1954. The highest wind speed ever recorded was on 16 July 1980, measuring . Snowfall is virtually unknown; since the end of the XIX century, Málaga city has only recorded snow one day in the 20th century, on 2 February 1954.

Annual average relative humidity is 65%, ranging from 58% in June to 72% in December. Yearly sunshine hours is between 2,800 and 3,000 per year, from 5–6 hours of sunshine / day in December to average 11 hours of sunshine / day in July. Rain occurs mainly in winter, with summer being generally dry. Málaga is one of the few cities in Europe which are "green" all year round.


Las Palmas de Gran Canaria

La Palma is another island of the Canary Islands
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is the biggest city of the Canary Islands, in the Atlantic Ocean. The city, with a population of 383,308 in 2010, is the eighth-largest in Spain. 

Together with Santa Cruz de Tenerife, it is the capital of the Comunidad Autónoma de
Canarias (Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands). It is also the capital of the island of Gran Canaria and of the province of Las Palmas. The islands of this province are Gran Canaria, Lanzarote and Fuerteventura.

The city was founded in 1478. The town has a beautiful old area. This area (Vegueta) has a lot of houses from the 16th to the 19th Centuries. There is still a house where Christopher Columbus stayed in 1492. He stayed there before he went to the Americas. The interesting cathedral was begun in the year 1500.

Its port is one of the busiest in Spain and the biggest between Europe and Cape Town, in South Africa.

Las Palmas (for short) is famous for its very nice and dry weather all year round. It is also famous for its Las Canteras Beach. This beach is more than 3 kilometers long. The beach brings a lot of tourists to the city. 

Main industries: trade, tourism, canned food, fishing, shipbuilding.

Places to visit: "Vegueta" (old area);" Triana" (traditional commercial area); "Playa de Las Canteras" (Las Canteras Beach); cathedral; "Casa de Colón" (Columbus House); "Museo Canario" (archaeology museum); "CAAM - Centro Atlántico de Arte Moderno" (Modern Art Centre); "Museo Élder de la Ciencia" (science museum); "Museo Néstor" (museum with paintings); "Teatro Pérez Galdós" (theatre); "Auditorio Alfredo Kraus" (concert hall); "Jardín Canario" (Canary Garden, mostly with plants from the Canary Islands); Doramas Park.

Palma de Mallorca

Palma de Mallorca is the capital of the Balearic Islands and the Mallorca island, in the Mediterranean Sea, in front of the Iberian Peninsula. The city, with a population of 410,000, is the ninth-largest of Spain. It is a very important tourist center in the world, and is famous for its historic architecture. It has one university, a subway, and the international airport lies just southwest of the city.

Córdoba, Andalusia

Córdoba is a city in Andalusia, Spain. It is the capital of Córdoba province. It had a population of about 326,000 in 2017.

Córdoba was the capital of the Caliphate of Cordoba, an Islamic empire in the Middle Ages, when the city was the biggest in Europe, with 250,000 people.

Córdoba is 138 kilometers (86 miles) northeast of the city of Seville and is on the Guadalquivir river. Córdoba has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate (Csa in the Köppen climate classification) with the hottest summers of all European cities.

The Romans occupied Córdoba in 206 B.C. The city was very important in the 900s CE as a famous center of Moorish art and culture. The Mezquita de Córdoba is the city's chief landmark. It was built as a mosque (Muslim house of worship) in the 700s and was made into a Roman Catholic cathedral in 1238. More than 1,000 pillars of stone including granite, onyx, marble and jasper support its arches.

A soft, fine-grained leather called "cordovan" is made in Córdoba. Córdoba is the center of an agricultural region. The farms there produce grain, grapes, olives, and vegetables.

Alicante

Alacant or Alicante (, Valencian: ) is a city in Spain. It is the capital of the province of Alicante. It is in the southern part of the Valencian Community. It is also a historic Mediterranean port. The population of the city of Alicante proper is about 332,067, as of 2014, ranking as the second-largest Valencian city. Including nearby municipalities, Alicante was populated by 458,843 residents. Population of the metropolitan area (including Elche and satellite towns) was 795,034 as of 2009. Based on population it is the eighth-largest metropolitan area of Spain.

The city is a sea port and a tourist centre. It has a hot semi-arid climate ("BSh" in the Koeppen climate classification).

The avenue Maisonnave is the principal commercial street in the city of Alicante. In fact, Maisonnave is the sixth most expensive avenue in the whole of Spain, which gives an idea of the importance that this street has. The Corte inglés has in this central street both branches that it possesses in Alicant, one at each end of the avenue.

Santa Barbara's Castle is 166 metres up the Benacantil mountain. It's very strong with great strategic value. It's called Santa Barbara's Castle because the 4th of December is Santa Barbara's day and the 4th of December in 1248 is when it was taken from the Arabs by Alfonso of Castilla.


Phonology

Phonology is part of linguistics. Linguistics is the scientific study of language. Phonology is the science that studies the way that sounds (phones) carry meaning in language. Sounds (phones) that carry meaning in language are called phonemes. Sounds that do not carry meaning in the language are called allophones.

Phonology focuses on the study of phonemes, "units of sound (speech) that distinguish one word from another in a particular language." Phonology also includes studies of how words are , or spoken.

Phonology refers to the sound patterns of a language. Phonology is different from phonetics. Phonology studies how sounds form meaning in language. Phonetics studies how those sounds are formed. Studies of phonology and phonetics are sometimes combined, which results in more specific areas of study.

In 300 BC, Panini was the first person to study phonology. He created a grammar (a set of language rules) for Sanskrit (an ancient Indian language). He also created a list of the phonemes in Sanskrit. He assigned a symbol to represent each phoneme. The symbols are still used today in phonology.

The first person to use the word "phoneme" was the French linguist (one who studies language) A. Dufriche-Desgenettes. In the 1800s, Jan Baudoin gave the definition of phoneme that is uses today.Soon afterward, Baudouin de Courtenay began the study of phonology.and worked on the theory of phonetic alternations, which predicts changes in the sounds of a language.

One of the best schools of phonology was the Prague school. In 1939, a student of that school, Prince Nikolai Trubetzkoy, published one of the most important studies on phonology. His work was titled "Principles of Phonology". Another important person in the Prague school was Roman Jakobson. Roman was the most well-known linguist in the 1900s.

In 1968, Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle published "The Sound Pattern of English" (SPE). This book described generative phonology, which studies how grammar changes how people use language.

Linguistics

Linguistics is the study of language. People who study language are called linguists.

There are five main parts of linguistics: the study of sounds (phonology), the study of parts of words, like "un-" and "-ing" (morphology), the study of word order and how sentences are made (syntax), the study of the meaning of words (semantics), and the study of the unspoken meaning of speech that is separate from the literal meaning of what is said (for example, saying "I'm cold" to get someone to turn off the fan (pragmatics). 

There are many ways to use linguistics every day. Some linguists are theoretical linguists and study the theory and ideas behind language, such as historical linguistics (the study of the history of language, and how it has changed), or the study of how different groups of people may use language differently (sociolinguistics). Some linguists are applied linguists and use linguistics to do things. For example, forensic linguistics is used in crime investigations, and computational linguistics is used to help make computers understand languages, as in speech recognition. 

Linguistics, in its broader context, includes evolutionary linguistics, which considers the origins of language; historical linguistics, which explores language change; sociolinguistics, which looks at the relation between linguistic variation and social structures; psycholinguistics, which explores the representation and function of language in the mind; neurolinguistics, which looks at language processing in the brain; language acquisition, how children or adults acquire language; and discourse analysis, which involves the structure of texts and conversations.

Although linguistics is the scientific study of language, a number of other intellectual disciplines are relevant to language and intersect with it. Semiotics, for example, is the general study of signs and symbols both within language and without. Literary theorists study the use of language in literature. Linguistics additionally draws on and informs work from such diverse fields as acoustics, anthropology, biology, computer science, human anatomy, informatics, neuroscience, philosophy, psychology, sociology, and speech-language pathology. Discourse analysis is the study of entire conversations or texts. 

Many linguists compare languages to find similar properties. That makes it possible to find things shared by all the languages of the world and also learn the languages that are related in a language family. Linguists who study how languages are structured and how they work are said to study theoretical linguistics.

Another part of linguistics is involved in understanding how languages are used in society or in the world. Sociolinguistics studies how language is used in society, and historical linguistics studies how languages change over time and how languages were in the past. One part of historical linguistics is etymology, the study of the history of words.

The part of linguistics that aims to find out how language works in the mind is known as psycholinguistics. 

The study of language began in India with Pāṇini, the 5th century BC grammarian who wrote about the 3,959 rules of Sanskrit grammar, which described the different kinds of vowels and consonants of Sanskrit as well as its verb and noun classes. In the Middle East, Sibawayh (سیبویه) wrote a book about Arabic in 760 AD, "Al-kitab fi al-nahw" (الكتاب في النحو, "The Book on Grammar") and was the first known author to talk about the difference between sounds and phonemes.

Linguistics started in the West as early as it did in the East, but Western linguistics at that time was more like philosophy and less the study of language. Plato was the first western philosopher to write about semantics in his "Cratylus" in which he argues that words represent concepts that are eternal and exist in the world of ideas. The word "etymology" is first used to talk about the history behind a word's meaning.

For many centuries most linguistic work was "philology".

Region of Murcia

The Region of Murcia is an autonomous community in the south-east of Spain. The region has 1,350,000 people. The capital is Murcia, with 410,000 people. Other important cities are Cartagena, Lorca, Molina de Segura, and Cieza.

1636

1636 was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.


711

711 was a common year in the 8th century.


Segura

Segura is a Spanish river that is 325 kilometers (200 miles) long. It flows through the provinces of Jaen, Albacete, Murcia, and Alicante, and the cities of Cieza, Molina de Segura, Murcia, Orihuela, Rojales, and Guardamar. It then flows into the Mediterranean Sea.

Orihuela

Orihuela is a city on the coast in Spain in the Alicante province, on the Segura river in a district called "Vega Baja". Oranges and lemons are grown. The city has a population of 75,000 with very important historical monuments like the Cathedral and the church of Santiago, the church of Santa Justa and Rufina and the Seminarium.

Province of Alicante

Alacant () province is the fifth largest Spanish province by population with 1,750,000, and the second largest in the Valencian Community. It is on the south-east Mediterranean coast and the capital is the city of Alicante, a sea- port with a university. It is a commercial city with monuments like Sainte Barbra Castle. Other important cities are Elche, 215,000 with palms trees and its important shoe industry; Torrevieja, 100,000, tourist centre with the world-famous Habaneras contest; Orihuela, 75,000, agricultural important center; Benidorm, 67,000, the Mediterranean Manhattan; Alcoi, 60,000; textile center, and Elda, 55,000, shoes industry.

The most important river is the Segura, in the south, which provides the water to Alicante, Elche, Torrevieja, Orihuela and other cities. There are others like Vinalopo, Serpis, Amadorio, Ravine of the Sheeps and Monnegre.

The biggest mountain is Aitana, and other mountains are Mariola, Puig Bell, Maigmo and Gold Head, near Alicante. In the coast there are islands, the most important is Tabarca, and other is the Benidorm island. An important coast success is the Penon of Ifach, in Calpe.

The activities in Alicante province are tourism, industry (shoes, carpets, plays, dolls, textiles) and modern agriculture of regadium (oranges, lemons, tomatoes, almonds, wine). There are two universities: University of Alicante and University of Michael Hernandez.

Turkmenistan

Turkmenistan ( or ; , ;), also known as Turkmenia, is a country in South-Central Asia. It has borders with Afghanistan, Iran, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan. It has no ocean but it is on the Caspian Sea to the west. The capital of Turkmenistan is Ashghabat.
The majority of the country is Muslim at 93%.

Turkmenistan is a non-aligned and fully neutral country.

Turkmenistan was part of the Soviet Union since its creation, in 1922. At first, Turkmenistan was an autonomous republic within Russian SFSR. In 1925 it was promoted to a Soviet republic. Turkmenistan is an independent country since 1991, after the breakup of the Soviet Union. Saparmurat Niyazov became Turkmenistan’s first president in 1991.

Turkmenistan is divided into five provinces and one capital city district. The provinces are divided into districts which may be either counties or cities.

Turkmenistan is one of the driest desert areas in the world. Some places have an average annual precipitation of only . The highest temperature recorded in Ashgabat is . Kerki, an extreme inland city located on the banks of the Amu Darya river, recorded in July 1983, but this value is unofficial. 50.1C is the highest temperature recorded at Repetek Reserve, recognized as the highest temperature ever recorded in the whole former Soviet Union.

Turkmenistan is the world's 52nd-largest country. It is slightly smaller than Spain and somewhat larger than the US state of California. Over 80% of the country is covered by the Karakum Desert.

The Turkmen shore along the Caspian Sea is long. The Caspian Sea is entirely landlocked, with no access to the ocean.

The major cities include Aşgabat, Türkmenbaşy (formerly Krasnovodsk) and Daşoguz.

Turkmenistan has a humid climate. Annual rainfall is low, particularly in summer. Winters are dry and mild. The wettest region in Turkmenistan is Köýtendağ Range. Köýtendağ is in southeastern Turkmenistan on the borders with Uzbekistan.

Caesium

Caesium (or cesium) is the chemical element with the atomic number 55 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Cs.

Caesium is an alkali metal. Its melting point is low (28 °C). It is extremely reactive. Because of its high reactivity, it is a dangerous chemical. It may set itself on fire (ignite) in air. It explodes on contact with water. It reacts more violently than the other alkali metals with water. Because of this, caesium is stored in mineral oil.

Caesium is a rare element. Since there is little caesium on the Earth, it is rather expensive. The human body does not need caesium. In large amounts, its chemical compounds are mildly poisonous because it is close to potassium, which the body does need.

Caesium was first described in 1860, by Gustav Robert Kirchhoff and Robert Wilhelm Bunsen. They were testing mineral water, from Bad Dürkheim. After they separated calcium, strontium, magnesium and lithium, they saw two lines in the "blue" range of the spectrum. Because of these lines, they concluded that in addition to the elements already found, there must be another unknown substance in the mineral water. They named this substance caesium, after the color blue.

Caesium has at least 39 known isotopes ranging in atomic mass from 112 to 151. Only one of these, Cs, is stable. Therefore, the naturally-occurring isotope of caesium is Cs, which is not radioactive. Cs is used in atomic clocks, its vibration frequency used to define the length of the second. Another isotope, Cs is not made naturally but is made after nuclear fission has been done. It is very radioactive and used as an industrial gamma ray source. 

Caesium forms compounds with many other chemical elements. Caesium formate is used in oil drilling because of its high density.

Caesium is extremely reactive in air and water. Caesium rapidly oxidizes in air and can spontaneously combust (randomly catch on fire) at any moment. For this reason, it must be stored in kerosene or a mineral oil, like other group one elements (Lithium, Natrium, Rubidium, and Francium.) In water, Caesium violently reacts to make Caesium Hydroxide (2CsOH). The Caesium sinks for about one second, then explodes. The explosion is over 50 times the size of the element dropped in the water, and the explosion is enough to break a common Pyrex Beaker, Flask, or Test Tube. You can find a video of the reaction here.

Rubidium

Rubidium is chemical element 37 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Rb. Its atomic mass is 85.47. It has 37 protons and 37 electrons. It is a soft silver colored metal. It was first discovered in 1861 by Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchoff in Heidelberg, Germany.

Rubidium melts at a very low temperature, for example it could melt in a person's hand. Rubidium is an alkali metal. It can make an amalgam with mercury.

Rubidium is very reactive. It will ignite in air because it reacts with many other elements in the air like oxygen and nitrogen. Rubidium reacts very violently with water to make hydrogen and rubidium hydroxide, a strong corrosive base. The reaction is normally very hot so the hydrogen ignites.

Rubidium forms chemical compounds in only one oxidation state: +1. Some rubidium compounds have a mixed oxidation state, though. Rubidium chloride is the most common rubidium compound. Rubidium hydroxide and rubidium carbonate are also used commonly. Rubidium compounds makes a red-violet color in a flame. Most rubidium compounds are colorless. Rubidium compounds are not as common as other alkali metal compounds, such get sodium compounds. Otherwise, they are similar.


Rubidium is about as common as zinc. It is the 23rd most common element in the Earth's crust. Most minerals only have a small amount of rubidium in them. It normally comes in small quantities in other minerals. It is made by reduction of rubidium ores with calcium. It is expensive because calcium is difficult to make and the rubidium needs to be kept in argon and away from water or air.

There are not many common uses for rubidium. Rubidium compounds are sometimes used in purple fireworks. It and its compounds are used mainly in science research though. It is also used to make superoxide ions. It is used in some special types of glass.

Rubidium compounds are not very dangerous in the human body; however, if a person gets too much from eating, they could get sick because it acts like other alkali metal ions such as sodium ions in sodium chloride. Rats can live with up to half of their potassium replaced with rubidium, though it is not likely for that to happen.

Rubidium metal is very dangerous. It reacts with air and water and makes the corrosive substance rubidium hydroxide.

Barium

Barium is chemical element 56 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Ba. It contains 56 protons and 56 electrons. Its mass number is about 137.3. It is a metal.

Barium is part of a group of elements known as the alkaline earth metals. It is a silvery metal that easily turns black. It is soft and ductile. It can form alloys with some metals that are partially alloys and partially chemical compounds.

Barium is reactive, and if you put pure barium metal in the air, it will react with oxygen. At first it will turn black, then white as barium oxide is formed. Barium reacts with water to make barium hydroxide and hydrogen gas. Barium also reacts very fast with acids to make a barium salt and hydrogen. Barium can form barium peroxide if it is burned in air. 

Barium reacts with many other metal oxides and sulfides to make barium oxide or sulfide and the metal. It also reacts with carbon and nitrogen at a high temperature to make barium cyanide.

Barium is too reactive as a metal, so it is not found in the earth as a metal. It is found in chemical compounds. Barium only occurs in one oxidation state: +2. Most barium compounds are colorless. The ones that dissolve in water or stomach acid are very toxic. Barium sulfate is well known because it does not dissolve in water or acids. Barium compounds are quite heavy. Barium compounds put out a greenish flame when heated red-hot. 

Barium is found as barium sulfate (barite) and barium carbonate (witherite) in the ground. Both of these minerals do not dissolve in water. Barium sulfate hardly dissolves in anything. Barium is found mainly in China, Germany, India, Morocco, and the US. 

It is very hard to get barium from barium sulfate. So barium sulfate is reduced by carbon to make barium sulfide and carbon dioxide. The barium sulfide is dissolved in hydrochloric acid. This makes hydrogen sulfide and barium chloride. The barium chloride is melted and electrolyzed to get liquid barium metal. The barium metal is solidified and stored in oil.

Barium carbonate, the other ore of barium, is dissolved in hydrochloric acid to make barium chloride and carbon dioxide. The barium chloride is melted and electrolyzed, making barium metal.

Barium is used to remove oxygen from cathode ray tubes and vacuum tubes. It is placed inside and reacts with all of the oxygen, using it up. Barium is also used in spark plug wire. 

Certain compounds of barium, such as barium sulfate, are not toxic and can be put in the body. We can see where the barium travels in the body by X-rays and this can tell us whether there are problems, such as blockages. The barium sulfate builds up inside the body accumulating in organ systems. Barium sulfate absorbs the X-Rays as they pass through the body and an image is formed from the points where the rays have not passed through. It is useful because it provides a reasonably detailed image from very limited radiation exposure, compared with a CT scan for instance. Barium sulfate can be used as a pigment, too.

Other barium compounds have several other uses.

Barium is a very toxic element, and is dangerous. There is a really small amount of barium in our food, and this does not cause problems. If we get barium from other places, though, it can cause many problems. Even 1 gram of barium can kill you. It is dangerous because it acts like other really important elements, such as calcium and magnesium. If barium replaces these elements, it messes up the body.

Scandium

Scandium is chemical element number 21 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Sc.

Scandium is a metal in a group known as the transition metals. It is also a rare earth metal. What this means is that there is not very much scandium found in the earth. Because of this, the pure metal can be expensive. The pure metal is very reactive, and will react with other elements like oxygen. The metal turns from shiny to gray.

Scandium is not very dangerous because there is not much of it on Earth, so there is not enough of it to harm us. It does not have many uses. Its main use is perhaps as a component in Mercury-vapor lamps. Such lamps are used to light Stadiums.


Vanadium

Vanadium is chemical element 23 on the periodic table. Its symbol is V. It is a metal and is part of the group known as the transition metals. It is gray-blue colored. It is mostly used in steel where it helps strengthen the steel metal. It is named after Vanadis, another name of Freyja.

Vanadium is often found in aquatic forms of life. The human body may need a little bit of vanadium, but scientists are not sure.

Vanadium can react with many other elements, and the chemical compounds it forms often have beautiful colors.

Vanadium was found for the first time in 1801 in Mexico by the Spanish mineralogist Andrés Manuel del Río in an ore called "brown lead". He named it "panchromium" because of the beautiful colors in its chemical compounds. He was told by other people that it was chromium and so he stopped researching it.

In 1831 Swedish chemist Nils Gabriel Sefström found the element in iron ores. The German chemist Friedrich Wöhler said it was the same element that del Río found in 1801. The element was then named "vanadium". 

The amount of vanadium in the Universe is 0.0001%, making the element almost as common as copper or zinc. Vanadium is detected by spectroscopy in light from the Sun, and sometimes in light from other stars.

Vanadium is the 22nd most common element in the Earth's crust. Metallic vanadium is rare in nature. Vanadium compounds occur naturally in about 65 different minerals. Most of the world's vanadium production comes from vanadium-bearing magnetite found in ultramafic gabbro rocks. Vanadium is mined mostly in South Africa, north-western China, and Eastern Russia. In 2013 these three countries mined more than 97% of the 79,000 tonnes of produced vanadium.

Vanadium is also in bauxite and in deposits of crude oil, coal, oil shale and tar sands.

Vanadium is soft compared to other metals. It is a good conductor of electricity and heat. It can be pulled out into wires (ductile). Pure vanadium will form a layer of vanadium oxide corrosion very fast.

A lot of vanadium (85%) is used to make different types of steel. Steel made with vanadium is stronger. It is also mixed with titanium to make metal alloys that are used in jet engines and tooth implants.

Vanadium is also used to make batteries.

Vanadium is used by several marine organisms. Some algae and bacteria (like "Azotobacter") use it for nitrogen fixation.

Arsenic

Arsenic is chemical element 33 on the periodic table. Its symbol is As. Its atomic number is 33 and its atomic mass is 74.92. It is a toxic metalloid. It is in the pnictogen group on the periodic table.

Arsenic is found in three allotropes. Gray arsenic is the most common. It is a brittle, somewhat soft metalloid that is a little shiny. It has a density of 5.73g/cm. It is a semiconductor. Yellow arsenic is unstable and rare. It is the most toxic allotrope. It is a soft and waxy nonmetal, similar to white phosphorus. It turns into gray arsenic in light. Its density is 1.97g/cm, much lighter than gray arsenic. It is created when arsenic vapor (made by heating arsenic very hot) is cooled very fast by something like liquid nitrogen. Black arsenic is similar to red phosphorus. It is a brittle, black, and shiny nonmetal. It does not conduct electricity. Since gray arsenic is the most common, it is usually referred to as arsenic. 

Arsenic is found as one stable (nonradioactive) isotope, As. There are about 33 radioactive isotopes found. The longest lasting one is As, which has a half life of about 80 days.

Arsenic is a relatively chemically inert element, similar to copper in reactivity. It burns in air to make garlic-smelling arsenic trioxide. Arsenic, as well as some of its compounds, do not have a liquid state; they sublime. Arsenic reacts with fluorine to make arsenic pentafluoride. It reacts with the rest of the halogens to make the arsenic trihalides. Arsenic does not dissolve in hydrochloric acid. It dissolves in concentrated nitric acid to make arsenic acid and in dilute nitric acid to make arsenious acid. It reacts with concentrated sulfuric acid to make arsenic trioxide. Arsenic burns with a pale lavender flame.

Arsenic forms chemical compounds in three oxidation states: -3, +3, and +5. -3 compounds are reducing agents. They are the main form of arsenic in the ground (as arsenides). Arsine is a colorless, highly toxic gas with a garlic odor. The +3 state is the most common. They are weak oxidizing agents. Arsenic trioxide is a white solid. It dissolves in water to make a solution of arsenious acid. The arsenic trichlorides are low melting covalent solids. The +5 state is common, too. They are strong oxidizing agents. Arsenic pentafluoride, a colorless and highly reactive gas, is the only stable arsenic pentahalide. Arsenic pentoxide dissolves in water to make arsenic acid, which can make arsenate salts.

-3 compounds are reducing agents. They are found as arsenides and arsine. The metal arsenides have properties between an alloy and a salt.


+3 compounds are weak oxidizing agents. Many are colorless, although some are orange.

Arsenites are salts of arsenious acid.

+5 compounds are strong oxidizing agents.

Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid.

Arsenic is found sometimes as an element in the ground, but is normally found in minerals. Some arsenic minerals have a metal and sulfur along with arsenic. Arsenopyrite is iron arsenic sulfide. It is the same as pyrite with arsenic added. Other arsenic minerals have a metal and arsenic. Erythrite, a cobalt arsenide mineral, is an example. Other arsenic minerals are simple. Realgar and orpiment (arsenic sulfides), simple arsenic minerals, are ores of arsenic.

Arsenic is found as a less toxic variety in fish and mushrooms. Some people think that humans need very small amounts of arsenic to be healthy. Some bacteria can use arsenic instead of phosphorus for some things; they are called arsenic bacteria.

Most arsenic is made from the waste products after other metals are processed. Only China actually mines arsenic.

Arsenic is made from arsenopyrite by heating it. This makes arsenic trioxide which sublimes (along with sulfur dioxide), while the iron oxide stays behind. The arsenic trioxide is condensed, while the sulfur dioxide does not condense. The arsenic trioxide can be reduced with carbon. Another way is to heat the arsenopyrite without air. Then gray arsenic is made. Realgar can be heated to make arsenic trioxide as well.

Arsenic was known since antiquity. It was alloyed with bronze to make the bronze harder. Some people used arsenic as make-up, although it was toxic. Arsenic was well known as a poison. Since people used it to kill royalty and it was hard to detect, it was called the "Poison of Kings" and the "King of Poisons". An arsenic compound could have been the first organometallic compound (a metal bonded to an organic compound).

Arsenic compounds were used as a preservative for wood. Once people saw how toxic arsenic was, they stopped using it to preserve wood. Some feed for animals had arsenic in it to prevent disease. Lead arsenate was used as an insecticide in orchards but damaged the brains of those who put the insecticide on the trees.

Arsenic was used in medicines in the 1700s, 1800s, and 1900s. Arsenic trioxide was used to treat cancer. Very tiny doses of arsenic compounds can act as stimulants. Some arsenic compounds are used as poison gases. 

Arsenic as an element is used in alloys. The lead in lead acid batteries has some arsenic in it to make it stronger. Some semiconductors have arsenic in them.

Copper arsenate was used as a coloring for sweets. Paris green, a green pigment having arsenic in it, made many people sick. Some bullets have arsenic in them. Arsenic is sometimes added to brass to prevent the zinc from coming out. Arsenic was used in optical glass but was taken out because it was toxic.

Arsenic and its compounds are highly toxic. They are carcinogens. Water near arsenic mines is normally contaminated with arsenic. Wood that was preserved with arsenic compounds can leach arsenic into the soil. Emissions from coke ovens have arsenic in them.

Manganese

Manganese is chemical element 25 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Mn. (Some people get it confused with magnesium, the symbol is Mg). Manganese is used a lot in steel to make it stronger. This is the main use for manganese metal. Manganese compounds, particularly manganese(IV) oxide, are used in alkaline cells and Leclanche cells. Manganese metal is also alloyed with aluminium.

Our bodies and plants need manganese to work right. If we do not get enough manganese, we can get sick. We get manganese from our food and vitamins also have some manganese to make sure that we get enough. It has 25 protons. Its mass number is 54.94.

Manganese is a silvery-gray metal and is part of the group known as the transition metals. It is similar to iron. It is hard to melt, but easy to oxidize. Manganese forms chemical compounds in several oxidation states: +2, +4, and +7 are the most common. Manganese compounds can be black, brown, pink, red, green, blue, and purple. Manganese(II) compounds are pink or light brown. They are unreactive. Manganese(II) chloride is a common example. Manganese(III) compounds are weak oxidizing agents. Manganese(IV) compounds are stronger oxidizing agents, but they are rarer. They are normally black in colour. Manganese(IV) oxide is an example.

Manganese(V) compounds are not stable and disproportionate easily. They are bright blue. They are very rare. Hypomanganates are the most common manganese(V) compounds. Manganese(VI) compounds are made in the process used to make permanganates. They disproportionate too. Manganates are weak reducing agents and moderate oxidizing agents. They are bright green.

Manganese(VII) compounds are purple-black and are powerful oxidizing agents. Permanganates contain the MnO ion. They are normally purple-black and strong oxidizing agents. Potassium permanganate is an example.

Manganese that is found in nature is made up of one stable isotope, which is manganese-55. Manganese has many radioisotopes ranging from manganese-44 to manganese-69. The most stable radioisotope is manganese-53. It has a half-life of 3.7 million years.

The Earth's crust contains about 1000 ppm of manganese. It is the 12th most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Soil contains 7–9000 ppm of manganese. Seawater only contains 10 ppm of manganese. The atmosphere contains 0.01 µg/m of manganese. Manganese mainly occurs as pyrolusite, braunite, psilomelane.

Manganese is sometimes found alloyed with iron naturally. These rocks, called meteorites, came from space. Pyrolusite is one of the main sources of manganese. It also occurs as manganese carbonate. Some silicates have manganese in them. The derivation of Manganese may have come from either the Latin 'magnes', meaning magnet, or from the black magnesium oxide, 'magnesia nigra'.

Manganese is normally made in an alloy with steel. This is made by mixing manganese ore and iron ore in a furnace and reducing it with carbon. This forms an alloy called ferromanganese. Pure manganese is made by reacting the manganese ore with sulfuric acid and electrolyzing it.

Our bodies and plants need manganese to work right. If we do not get enough manganese, we can get sick. We get manganese from our food and vitamins also have some manganese to make sure that we get enough.

Manganese is used to make cheap stainless steel. Methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl is used as an additive in gasoline that does not have lead to reduce engine knocking.

Manganese(IV) oxide is used as a reagent in organic chemistry for the oxidation of benzylic alcohols. Manganese dioxide is also used in the manufacture of oxygen and chlorine. It is also used to dry black paints. Sometimes, it is used as a brown pigment for paint. It is a component of natural umber.

Manganese compounds have been used as pigments to color ceramics and glass. Tetravalent manganese is used as an activator in phosphors that glow red. Manganese oxide is also used in Portland cement mixtures.

There are lots of classes of enzymes that have manganese cofactors. They are oxidoreductases, transferases, hydrolases, lyases, isomerases, ligases, lectins, and integrins. The reverse transcriptases of many retroviruses contain manganese.

Manganese is an essential nutrient. It is found as a coenzyme in many biological processes. They include macronutrient metabolism, bone formation, and free radical immune system. It is a very important component in lots of proteins and enzymes. The human body contains about 12 mg of manganese. Manganese is found in the bones, liver, brain and kidneys. In the human brain, the manganese is bound to manganese metalloproteins.

Manganese is also important in the photosynthetic oxygen evolution in the chloroplasts of plants. The oxygen-evolving complex is a part of photosystem II. The photosystem ll is found in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts. It is responsible for the photooxidation of water during the light reactions of photosynthesis. It has a metalloenzyme core that has four atoms of manganese.

Manganese dust can irritate lungs. Some manganese compounds cause toxicity when ingested. Manganese is less toxic than nickel or copper. Permanganates are the most toxic manganese compounds. When someone is exposed to manganese for a long time it can cause a problem with the nervous system.



Gallium

Gallium (chemical symbol: Ga) is chemical element 31 on the periodic table.

Gallium is a metal, but it has some unusual properties. Its melting point is 85.58 Fahrenheit. If it is held in a person's hand, it will melt. It makes a stain on your hand when put on your hand. Gallium is safe in your hands but is not edible. Some Gallium Compounds can be very dangerous. Gallium is a semiconductor, meaning that it conducts electricity reasonably well but not as well as a metal. That means gallium can be used in computers to make them work. It is very shiny, so it is used to create mirrors when its in its liquid form. In its purest extracted form, gallium is a vibrant silver color. As a solid, it is blue-gray. Gallium has been used in nuclear bombs to stabilize the crystal structure. It's related to aluminium, indium, and thallium. 

Nikita Khrushchev

Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (15 April 1894 – 11 September 1971) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin. He ruled from 1953 to 1964 when Leonid Brezhnev, a Red Army Major General and from 1960 to 1964 (during Khrushchev's own rule) came to power in 1964 after a bloodless palace coup against Khrushchev, just 11 years after Stalin died. 

He supported the Soviet space program and was the leader when Yuri Gagarin flew into space and became the first man to leave Earth in April 1961. Khrushchev was also the leader who ordered the Berlin Wall to be built in the East Berlin half of the former Nazi capital city Berlin. The wall separated it from West Berlin in August 1961 until the end of the Cold War .

Nikita was born in the town of Kalinovka in Russia. He later moved to Ukraine. He worked in mines, and became part of the Bolshevik movement. He was a political commissar in the Red Army in the Russian Civil War and again in World War II and moved his way up in the Communist Party, eventually becoming trusted by Joseph Stalin. When Stalin died, Georgy Malenkov and several others including Khrushchev shared power. Eventually Khrushchev became the leader.

When Nikita became the leader of the Soviet Union, he began something he called "De-Stalinization". He made a secret speech, in which he denounced Stalin as a man who committed many murders of innocent people. In early 1956, he took down all posters and statues of Joseph Stalin. Also, he moved Stalin's grave to a place where people could not see it.

He also had better contacts with the western countries like the USA, Britain, and France. This means the USSR and the western world were friendlier. He visited America in 1959. During this visit, Khrushchev spoke at the United Nations and visited where he wanted, including destinations such as New York and Hollywood. However, his visit to Disneyland was cancelled for security reasons.

But the USSR and the US still did not trust each other. In 1962 America and the USSR had a Cuban Missile Crisis which could have led to nuclear war, but didn't. Khrushchev had bargained with the Americans to get rid of the missiles they had placed in Turkey, for the missiles in Cuba were the only way for withdrawal.

During the period of "De-Stalinization", relations deteriorated between the Soviet Union and China. These policies were viewed by Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party as divergences in the two states interpretations of Marxist-Leninist Doctrine. The resulting tensions were a contributing factor to the Sino-Soviet Split

Khrushchev's removal in 1964 was a result of political opposition within the Soviet leadership, citing economic failures and his handling of the Cuban Missile Crisis. His ousting marked a shift in Soviet leadership dynamics. After his removal in 1964, he lived a relatively quiet life, writing his memoirs and staying out of politics. His later years were marked by a retreat from the public eye until his death in 1971.

Khrushchev's legacy is marked by significant events like the Cuban Missile Crisis and his efforts at de-Stalinization in the Soviet Union. His impact on Soviet policies and relations with the West shaped the Cold War era.

Rambla de las Ovejas

The Rambla de las Ovejas (which translates to Ravine of the Sheeps) is a water course of the province of Alicante, in Spain. It originates at the foot of the Maigmo, to 1,100 meters of height and gathers the waters of the sides of the Maigmo, Cid and others of minor height across numerous tributary ravines. It ends in the city of Alicante, between the neighborhoods of Babylon and Saint Gabriel.

The tributary ravines are those of Rambuchar, Pepior, Alabaster and Bramble, between the most important. The normally dry riverbed experiences forts grown as consequence of torrents, like the rains in 1982 it came to 400 m³/seg. in Alicante causing serious destruction and human losses. It has since been canalized providing to the riverbed of a potential capacity of 735 m³/seg. In the floods of 1997 it came to 100 m³/seg.

Guadalquivir

Guadalquivir is a river in southern Spain. It crosses the autonomous community of Andalusia. The name derives from the Arab "Wadi al-Kabir" ("big river"), whereas the Romans called it "Betis".

Guadalquivir starts in the Glen of the Sources in the mountains near Cazorla (Jaen province) and ends in Sanlucar de Barrameda (Cadiz province). It goes through the provinces of Jaen, Cordoba, Seville and Cadiz. The river is long. The main tributaries are the rivers Genil (which flows through Granada), The Minor Guadiana, Guadalbullon, and Guadajoz on the left side, and Guadalmena, Jandula, and Guadiato on the right.

It is the only river in Spain with shipping traffic. At present, it only is navigable up to Seville. In the Roman epoch it was navigable up to Cordoba.

Ebro

Ebro is a Spanish river. It flows through Reinosa, Miranda de Ebro, Logrono, Tudela, Zaragoza, and Tortosa. It empties into the Mediterranean Sea in the province of Tarragona.

Toledo Province

Province of Toledo () is one of the provinces of Castile-La Mancha, in the center of Spain, near Madrid. The capital is Toledo and the biggest city is Talavera of the Queen. The population of the province is near 600,000.

Talavera de la Reina

Talavera of the Queen ("Talavera de la Reina" in Spanish) is a city of the interior of Spain. It is the capital of a wide region belonging to the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. It is in the northwest of the province of Toledo. Talavera of the Queen is the second biggest city of Castile-La Mancha, with a population of 85.172 inhabitants.

The city is well known for its pottery.

Its mistress is "Our Lady of the Meadow".

Gwyneth Paltrow is an adopted child of this locality.

Castilla–La Mancha

Castilla–La Mancha or Castile-La Mancha is an autonomous community in Spain with a population over 2,000,000. The capital is Toledo and the biggest cities are Albacete, Talavera of the Queen, Guadalajara, Ciudad Real, Puertollano, and Cuenca.

Provinces of Castile-La Mancha:

Ciudad Real

Ciudad Real (this translates to "Royal City") is a city in Spain. It is the capital of the province with the same name, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha.

The city has 69,063 people who live there. It is an average of 628 meters above sea level. The municipal area is 285 km². It is approximately 200 km to the south of Madrid.

Puertollano

Puertollano (which translates to Flatport, in English) is a city in Spain. It is the second biggest in Ciudad Real province, in the region of Castile-La Mancha. It is an important industrial center, with a population of 50,000.

NOFX

NOFX is a popular punk rock band from California. The band was formed in 1983 by Fat Mike. As of January 20th, 2024, NOFX has released eighteen full-length albums. Their latest one, "Double Album", came out on December 2, 2022.


NOFX: The Hepatitis Bathtub and Other Stories

Published on April 12, 2016, this book is a collaboration effort between the members of the band to chronicle the events that lead to them entering the punk rock scene in California, and how all of it lead to them creating one of the most influential punk bands of all time, and recalling events they experienced playing and touring together. It is currently available through many online retailers.


Toledo

Toledo is the name of several things. The best known cities are:


Methane

Methane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with one carbon atom. It is often found as the main part of natural gas. Methane is a greenhouse gas 23 times more effective than carbon dioxide. It is also less stable and slowly oxidates by oxygen to carbon dioxide and water.

Methane is used in gas taps in places such as kitchens, chemistry classrooms, laboratories, etc. as it burns very easily because of its simple molecular structure.

Methane's molecular structure is very simple. It is a single carbon atom surrounded by four hydrogen atoms.

Methane can be made by many chemical ways, but usually is found in natural gas and is obtained by fractional distillation, after it has become liquid.

North Country (movie)

North Country is a 2005 American drama movie about a woman being harassed in a mining facility.

Dance Dance Revolution

Dance Dance Revolution or Dancing Stage in Europe is a series of video games made by Konami in which players step on arrows on a large pad or mat to match the arrows on screen. The arrows are in time with the music. Because players are moving themselves along to the music, they look like they are dancing. There is a large variety of music.

There is a bar at the top of the screen. If players make mistakes, the bar gets smaller. If players do not make mistakes, the bar grows. The game ends if the player makes too many mistakes. 

Players can choose between three levels. They are called light, standard, and heavy. Light is easy and heavy is hard. On some of the newer games, there is a beginner mode, which is very easy, and a challenge mode, which is very hard.

Players are graded by their performance in letters (from lowest to highest, E, D, C, B, A, AA and AAA) based on how well they played the song. The better a player does on a song, the higher their grade is.

From "DDR SuperNOVA" to later versions, the levels are called beginner, basic, difficult, expert, and challenge.

There is a wide variety of music in "Dance Dance Revolution". Most of the songs are created by people at Konami, with some other well-known popular songs included as well. From the first "Dance Dance Revolution" game up until "DDR Extreme", the games had a partnership with Toshiba EMI, a record company which is now part of Virgin Records. This partnership meant that a lot of popular songs from Toshiba EMI's "Dancemania" series of dance music albums could appear in the games.

If the player gets an "AA" on the last stage in "Expert", "Heavy", or "Challenge", they can play an extra stage. Usually, on the extra stage, the game ends if four mistakes are made. If the player performs well enough on the extra stage, an Encore extra stage is played. In the Encore extra stage, one missed step will cause the game to end.

Some educators even believe DDR should be in schools as exercise.


Street Fighter II

Street Fighter II is a 1991 fighting game made by Capcom.

The player controls a martial arts fighter and has to knock out the opponent. There are many playable characters, including Ryu, Ken Masters, Guile and Chun Li. Each character has special moves that require special commands to perform. The game has 4 bosses - Balrog (M. Bison in Japan), Vega (Balrog in Japan), Sagat, and M. Bison (Vega in Japan). (Balrog and Sagat were also featured in the first "Street Fighter" game). There have been many follow-up games to "Street Fighter II". The franchise for the games became popular. The game was released for arcades and different consoles.

It is sequel to the first "Street Fighter".

Mighty Morphin Power Rangers

Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is a television series Co-produced And Kids By Ellipse Programme and Nelvana Limited which ran for 3 seasons (one season of television is made in a year), which is longer than the "Power Rangers" shows after this series have lasted. This series has 150 episodes in total. The Pilot was aired on PBS in 1992. This series aired on KCTS 9 Seattle from 1993 to 1995. This series re-aired on PBS Kids in January 2010. The next show after the third season is called "Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers". There are many different versions of Power Rangers, and most of them were made with better technology, yet many still prefer this one more than any other. Like all Power Rangers shows, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is based on Super Sentai shows & from Japan. Each season of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" is based on a different Super Sentai series ("Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger", "Gosei Sentai Dairanger" & "Ninja Sentai Kakuranger") from Japan. In the year before "Power Rangers Samurai" started, a re-version of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' first season was made and it had comic scenes of the Rangers and monsters in every episode of it, which only had 32 episodes in it.

Five teenagers battle against the witch Rita Repulsa and the wizard Lord Zedd to defend the earth. They have large robots called Zords and battle suits for their fights. They are armed with special weapons like swords, axes, bows, daggers and lances to help them fight monsters. Rita and Lord Zedd have an army of fighters known as Putties, which get destroyed and broken into many pieces when they are hit by their weak spot - a Z plate on their chest.

Rita is in a prison on the Moon. When she gets out of it, she wants to destroy Earth, because that's what she wanted to do before she was put in prison. She brings along her helpers, who were also in prison. One of them is called Goldar. He is a blue gorilla in gold armor who can fight better than anyone. To stop her, five teenagers are chosen by a wizard called Zordon. Zordon has an robot called Alpha 5 who helps him. The teenagers are given special magic coins that turn them into Power Rangers.

Rita has her own magic coin, and uses it to make her own evil Power Ranger, the Green Ranger. The Green Ranger fights the good Power Rangers, because Rita is controlling his mind. They free him from Rita's evil magic, but his magic coin stops working the right way, and begins to hurt him when he uses it. The Green Ranger gives up his magic coin to the Red Ranger who will not get hurt by it.

When Lord Zedd comes into the show, he destroys the Power Rangers' Zords. Zordon takes the Green Ranger's magic coin and uses it to make new Zords for the Power Rangers. These new Zords are mostly fairy tale animals, like the unicorn and the dragon. The old Zords were Dinosaurs, like Triceratops and T-Rex. Lord Zedd also puts Rita back in her prison and throws her away into space, because she was not doing a good enough job of being evil.

But one day, a new Power Ranger appears. His costume is White Ranger, and his Zord is a White Tiger. No one knows who he is, but he turns out to be the old Green Ranger. Later, three of the Power Rangers have to leave the team and go to Switzerland. They choose three teenagers from another school to take their powers.

Rita comes back, too, and gives Lord Zedd a love potion. He falls in love with her, and they get married. Goldar gives Lord Zedd another potion to stop the love potion, but Lord Zedd's love for Rita turns out to be true and they stay married.

Rita's brother, Rito Revolto, comes to visit his sister. He looks like a skeleton. Rito does what Rita and Lord Zedd could not do, and destroys the Power Ranger's magic coins. The Power Rangers go and find Ninjor, a powerful ninja (a ninja is a type of fighter from Japan), who made the magic coins. He agrees to help them and makes new coins and new Zords for them. They become Ninja Power Rangers, and their new Zords are animals like the wolf and the frog.

Near the end of this season, Rita and Rito's father Master Vile comes to help conquer Earth. He is very powerful, even more powerful than his children together. He uses his powers to turn back time, turning the Power Rangers into Powerless kids. Zordon calls upon his proteges the Alien Rangers of Aquitar to protect the Earth from Master Vile's monsters and to help work on a machine that would return the child rangers to their proper ages. Unfortunately, only Billy returns to normal as the machine which required the power coins as a power source is stolen by Rito & Goldar allowing Rita & Zedd to destroy the coins. The child rangers then travel throughout time to gather the fragments of the Zeo Crystal to bring time back to normal. During her journey in Africa, Aisha meets Tanya Sloan and realizes that she can do more help to stop the sickness plaguing the wildlife and sends Tanya back with her Zeo Crystal.







Office Space

Office Space is a 1999 American comedy movie starring Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston. The movie was directed by Mike Judge. The movie is a satire of white collar office work in the United States.

Office Space received mostly positive reviews from reviewers, which means that most of them thought that it was a good movie. However, it did not make very much money at movie theaters, only earning $10,827,810 from movie tickets. The movie went on to become a cult classic, becoming more popular over time.


Syriana

Syriana is an 2005 American drama thriller movie, which has won Academy Award and Golden Globe Awards. It is directed by Stephen Gaghan and produced by Jennifer Fox, Michael Nozik, Georgia Kacandes, Steven Soderbergh, George Clooney. The movie stars Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Chris Cooper, and William Hurt.

The movie is about a lot of people doing complicated things. One of the people is a CIA agent (Clooney) who is angered when his boss tries to invade his privacy. Another person, Damon, whose child dies, gets a better job working for a king. Then another person, a lawyer, Jeffrey Wright finds out that the oil company is actually not good and should be removed from power immediately. The last part of the movie is about two Muslims who become suicide bombers because they feel offended.

Shareware

Shareware is a way to sell software.

The user will get a preview or demo of the software for free. This way, the user can decide if he or she likes the program or not before buying the complete program.

Users can get games for free this way but most of the time these games do not have all the levels. Sometimes Internet Relay Chat clients let users have a demo of their client for 30 days, but after that, in order to keep using it, the user will have to pay money.

Brokeback Mountain

Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American romantic drama movie by Ang Lee. The film is set in Wyoming during the years from 1963 to 1981. The story is about two bisexual cowboys, played by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, who are in love with each other. During that time it was difficult to have homosexual relationships. The movie is based on a short story of the same name by Annie Proulx.
"Brokeback Mountain" was a big success. It won many important prizes: the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival, Best Picture and Best Director at the BAFTA and the Golden Globe awards. It also received 8 nominations at the 78th Academy Awards, where it won 3 Oscars: Best Director, Best Original Score and Best Adapted Screenplay. It is in the 12th place for romantic movies that made the most money.

In 1963, Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) and Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal) are hired by Joe Aguirre (Randy Quaid). They need to look after his sheep up in Brokeback Mountain for the summer. One night, Jack makes a move on Ennis and the two men end up having sex. Soon an emotional relationship develops. Before leaving at the end of the summer they have a fight.

When they return home, Ennis marries Alma Beers (Michelle Williams) and has two daughters with her. Jack goes back the next summer but does not get hired because Joe had seen him with Ennis the year before. He moves to Texas, where he marries a rodeo rider, Lureen Newsome (Anne Hathaway). After four years, Jack goes back to meet Ennis. They kiss and Alma sees them. Jack would like to go and live with him but Ennis does not want to. They decide to continue meeting from time to time for fishing trips.

The marriages of both Jack and Ennis get worse. Alma and Ennis divorce in 1975. Later Alma tells Ennis she knows about Jack. They have a fight and do not see each other again. Lureen becomes a businesswoman and her father wants Jack to stop being a cowboy. Jack asks Ennis again to live together, but Ennis does not want to leave his children. At the end of one fishing trip, Ennis and Jack have another argument.

Later, Ennis sends a postcard to Jack. It is given back to him with a "DECEASED" stamp. Lureen tells Ennis that Jack had an accident. Ennis instead thinks that he was killed by a gang because he was gay. Ennis goes to Jack's parents to get his ashes. Jack wanted them to be thrown on Brokeback Mountain but his father does not give them to Ennis. However, his mother lets him have a look around Jack's room. Ennis finds the shirts that they were wearing all those years ago when they first had a fight.

Some time later, Ennis is living alone in a trailer. His daughter, Alma Jr., comes to tell him that she wants to marry a guy. Ennis tells her he will be there at the wedding. When she leaves, he opens his wardrobe where he keeps the shirts and a photo of Brokeback Mountain. He whispers "Jack, I swear..." before walking away.


A Christmas Carol

A Christmas Carol is a novella by the British writer Charles Dickens. It was first published on 19 December 1843 by Chapman & Hall in London. The illustrations were drawn by John Leech. The first edition was a beautiful and expensive book. It was sold out by Christmas Eve, but Dickens never made the money he expected on the tale due to the book's high production costs. 

The novella was written at a time when the British were longing for the traditional merry Olde English Christmas. Christmas customs of the past were being revived. New Christmas customs such as the Christmas tree and the greeting card were making their first appearances. Old carols were being sung. The novella has been credited with restoring the festive spirit of Christmas after a period of Puritan sobriety and solemnity. 

The story is about a Christmas-hating miser named Ebenezer Scrooge. On Christmas Eve, he is visited by four ghosts who transform him into a kind and generous man. The story has a strong moral messages about greed and poverty. It is usually read at Christmas time and has been adapted to theatre, movies, radio, and television many times.

Ebenezer Scrooge is a Christmas-hating old miser and businessman. One Christmas Eve, Scrooge declines an invitation to his nephew's house for Christmas dinner, telling his nephew that Christmas is "Humbug". He then refuses to give a donation to two men who are collecting for charity.

Later that evening, he is visited by the ghost of his dead business partner Jacob Marley, a man whose greed and selfishness have doomed him to eternal hellfire. He tells Scrooge that he must change his ways or that hellfire will be his fate. Marley warns him that during the night he will be visited by three more ghosts. These will show him where he went wrong in his life, and how to be a better person in the future.

The first ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Past. This ghost shows him his unhappy childhood and how he did not get married. The second ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Present. This ghost shows him things which are happening now, such as how his clerk, Bob Cratchit, is having a nice Christmas despite not having much money. He also shows him Bob's youngest son, called Tiny Tim, who is crippled.

Later, the ghost shows him how his nephew is having a good Christmas, and how Scrooge is missing out. The third ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come. This ghost shows Scrooge what Christmas will be like in the future if he does not change. First, people are shown celebrating a man's death and robbing his house. The ghost also shows him that Tiny Tim has died. Scrooge is then shown his own grave, and realizes that the celebrations were for his death. 

On Christmas morning, Scrooge wakes up and realizes that he has to change. He decides to celebrate Christmas, and help Tiny Tim get well. He sends the Cratchit family a prize turkey for their holiday dinner. Through the ghosts' help, Scrooge becomes a better man.

The book made popular the phrase "Merry Christmas" as well as the name "Scrooge" and the ejaculation "Bah! Humbug". The book spurred charitable giving in the years following its first publication. Its lasting legacy is returning to Christmas the merriment and festivity the day lost after a period of Puritan sobriety. 


Aruba

Aruba is an island in the Caribbean Sea, just north of the Venezuelan Paraguaná Peninsula. It is in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Unlike much of the Caribbean region, it has a dry climate and an arid, cactus-strewn landscape. This climate has helped tourism, because visitors to the island can reliably expect warm, sunny weather.

The island broke off from the Netherlands Antilles in 1986, hoping to gain its independence by 1996. In 1990, that effort stopped at the request of the island people.

Aruba is one of the four countries that form the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The other nations are the Netherlands, Curaçao and Sint Maarten. The citizens of these countries all share a single nationality: Dutch. 

About three quarters of the Aruban gross national product is earned through tourism or related activities.

The island came into the news after U.S. high school student Natalee Holloway disappeared on a graduation trip on May 30, 2005. Today, some refer to Aruba as "One Happy Island".

Aruba is a generally flat, riverless island. It is in the southern part of the Caribbean Sea. The western and southern beaches have white sandy beaches. They are generally protected from the ocean currents. This is one of the reasons Aruba is a popular tourist location. 

Together with Bonaire and Curaçao, Aruba forms a group referred to as the ABC islands. Collectively, Aruba and the other Dutch islands in the Caribbean are often called the Dutch Caribbean.

Aruba has no administrative subdivisions. For census purposes, it is divided into eight regions. Its capital is Oranjestad.

The Aruba population is about 75% mixed, 15% black, and 10% white. The first inhabitants of Aruba were the Caiquetio Indians of the Arawak tribe from Venezuela.

Kingdom of the Netherlands

The Kingdom of the Netherlands (), commonly called the Netherlands is a transcontinental sovereign state made up of four countries who share the same constitutional monarchy.

The member countries share a very high amount of autonomy. Foreign relations and defence are managed by the Constituent Country of the Netherlands.

The kingdom was formed in 1954 and is now made up of four countries:

European country:

Caribbean islands:

The "Caribbean Netherlands" are special municipalities ('public body') of the Netherlands (see ) and consists of:

The "Netherlands Antilles" doesn't exist anymore and were made up of the six above mentioned Caribbean islands.

Suriname was also part of the Kingdom until it became independent in 1975.

Kill Bill

Kill Bill is an American martial arts crime movie directed by Quentin Tarantino. It was released in two parts; "Volume 1" and "Volume 2". In most countries it is rated for adult viewing only because of extreme violence and profanity.


Drive-by shooting

A drive-by shooting is when a gun is fired from a moving vehicle, at a target outside the vehicle. Drive-bys are known in gang violence. Many rappers have died in drive-by shootings such as Tupac Shakur and The Notorious B.I.G..

Andalusia

Andalusia () is the first in population among the 17 Autonomous communities in Spain and the second in area. The territory is divided into eight provinces: Almería, Cádiz, Córdoba, Granada, Huelva, Jaén, Málaga and Seville. Its capital is the city of Seville (Spanish: "Sevilla"). 

Andalusia is in the south of the Iberian peninsula, just to the south of the autonomous communities of Extremadura and Castile-La Mancha; west of the autonomous community of Murcia and the Mediterranean Sea; east of Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean; and north of the Mediterranean Sea and the Strait of Gibraltar. The small British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar shares a land border with the Andalusian province of Cádiz at the eastern end of the Strait of Gibraltar. 

The name Andalusia is the modern version of the Arabic language "Al-Andalus" (الأندلس), name used by the Muslim Moors for all of the territory of the Iberian Peninsula under their control. During that period, northern Iberian Peninsula was controlled by Christian kings and the southern Iberian Peninsula was controlled by Moors.

In 711 CE, the Moors invaded the Iberian Peninsula, then controlled by Christians of Visigothic origin. By 719 the Moors conquered all of the peninsula except for a small area in the northern Pyrenees Mountains. The Moors used the name Al-Andalus for all of the territory of the Iberian Peninsula under their control.

Christians in the north waged war for more than seven centuries against the Moors, gradually taking over more and more of the southern areas. This process of war is called the "Reconquista" (a Spanish and Portuguese word meaning "to conquest again"). In the year 1492 under Spanish Inquisition, King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain retook the last stronghold in the southern area at Granada. In that same year, the majority Muslim Moors and Sephardi Jews were forced to leave Spain, other who want stay in Andalusia got baptized and became Catholic Christians.

The Andalusian coat of arms shows the figure of Hercules and two lions between the two pillars of Hercules that tradition puts on both sides of the Strait of Gibraltar. The words below read "Andalucía por sí, para España y la Humanidad" ("Andalusia by herself, for Spain and Humanity"). Over the two columns is an arch in the colors of the flag of Andalusia, with the Latin words "Dominator Hercules Fundator".

The official flag of Andalusia has three equal horizontal stripes, colored green, white, and green respectively; the Andalusian coat of arms is on the central stripe. It was approved in a meeting in 1918 of Andalusian nationalists at Ronda, a city in the province of Málaga.
The anthem of Andalusia was composed by José del Castillo Díaz with lyrics by Blas Infante. The music was inspired by "Santo Dios", a religious folk song sung at harvest time by peasants.

The national holiday, the "Día de Andalucía", is celebrated on 28 February.

Andalusia is one of the 17 Spanish autonomous communities and is in the southwestern region of the European Union. It has a surface area of , 17.3 percent of the territory of Spain. By area, it is the second Spanish autonomous community.

The natural limits of Andalusia are: to the south, the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea; to the north, the Sierra Morena, mountain range that separates Andalusia from the autonomous communities of Extremadura and Castilla-La Mancha; to the west is Portugal; and to the east is Murcia.

Andalusia has the Iberian peninsula's highest mountains and nearly 15 percent of its terrain over . The picture is similar for areas under (with the Baetic Depression), and for the variety of slopes.

The Atlantic coast is mostly beach and gradually sloping coasts; the Mediterranean coast has many cliffs. These differences divide the region naturally into Upper Andalusia (two mountainous areas) and Lower Andalusia (the broad basin of the Guadalquivir).

The three main geographical regions of Andalusia are:


In general, Andalusia has a Mediterranean climate, except in the Valley of Granada (), with occasional heavy rains and extremely hot temperatures.

Rainfall decreases from west to east. The place in Andalusia with the highest rainfall is in the Sierra de Grazalema ( per year) and the driest place is Cabo de Gata, the place with the least amount of rainfall in Europe with only of rain per year.

The average temperature in Andalusia throughout the year is over . Averages in the cities range from in Baeza to in Málaga. Much of the Guadalquivir valley and the Mediterranean coast has an average of about . The coldest month is January when Granada at the foot of the Sierra Nevada experiences an average temperature of . The hottest are July and August, with an average temperature of for Andalusia as a whole. Córdoba is the hottest provincial capital, followed by Seville.
The mountain ranges are cooler than the plains and have a higher rainfall with some snow in winter. The Sierra Nevada, above , is snow covered for most of the year.

Andalusia has rivers that flow into both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean. Flowing to the Atlantic are the Guadiana, Odiel-Tinto, Guadalquivir, Guadalete, and Barbate. Flowing to the Mediterranean are the Guadiaro, Guadalhorce, Guadalmedina, Guadalfeo, Andarax (also known as the Almería) and Almanzora. Of these, the Guadalquivir is the longest in Andalusia and fifth longest on the Iberian peninsula, at .

Andalusia consists of eight provinces. Each of the Andalusian provinces bears the same name as its capital:

The Andalusians are the inhabitants of Andalusia of the southern region in Iberian Peninsula. Traditional male Circumcision is usually performed due to Islamic influence, especially in the Province of Granada. They are generally considered an ethnically distinct peoples because of the two of the most important markers of distinctiveness: their own language and an awareness of a presumed common origin. Andalusian is said to be a distinct dialect of Spanish, according to the Andalusian nationalism.
The Andalusians have a rich culture which includes the famous flamenco style of music and dance, even though it was adopted by the Spanish Caló who have changed it and monopolized into their own culture.



Granada

Granada is a Spanish city, capital of the province of Granada, in Andalusia. With 233,000 inhabitants, it is an important artistic and cultural center. The city has many famous monuments, such as the Alhambra, the Cathedral, the "Alcaiceria", and the "Corral del Carbon". It is near Sierra Nevada, the highest mountain range in Spain, in the valley where the Genil and Darro rivers meet. The Darro runs through the "Albaicin" and the" Sacromonte", two charming historical areas of the city.

Realejo is where the Jewish people of Granada lived for hundreds of years. In 1492, Isabella of Castile forced the Jewish people of Granada to leave Spain. Now, it is known for its street art and food.

Cartuja is named after an old monastery in this district. The area also contains many buildings that are part of the University of Granada.

This district is named after a big, important gate built by the Nasrid dynasty. The name means "Gate of the Ears." Bib-Rambla is in the middle of the city, and it has many important landmarks like the cathedral.

The Sacromonte is in the northern half of Granada, near the Albaicin. It is famous for the Romani people that have lived there. It has many houses made from caves dug into the hill. It is famous for flamenco dancing, as well as its views of the Alhambra.

The Albaicin is one of the oldest areas of Granada. In fact, before the city of Granada, there was an older city here called Elvira. Like the Sacromonte, it is famous for its views of the Alhambra.

Zaidin is an area in the far south of Granada. It has the most people of any district in Granada.



Cádiz

Cádiz is a Spanish city, capital of the Province of Cádiz, in Andalusia. It is the southernmost capital in the Iberian Peninsula. The population is 130,000, but it is the centre of a metropolitan area, the Bay of Cádiz, with more than 500,000 inhabitants. Majority of its inhabitants follow Catholic Church. The Cádiz Cathedral is the seat of the Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta. The cathedral was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931. 

Cádiz is known for its attractive beaches where many nautical sports can be practiced. This is possible thanks to the excellent climate all year round. It is one of the oldest cities in Western Europe and it used to be one of the most imporant Spanish ports during the Spanish Golden Age and the Age of Discovery.

Mérida, Spain

Mérida () is the capital of Extremadura, an autonomous community in Spain. It has 55,000 inhabitants and is an important Roman center, with the theatre and the bridge over the Guadiana river.



Cuenca

Cuenca is a Spanish city, capital of the Cuenca province, in Castile-La Mancha. Around 50,000 are living there. It is famous for its monuments: The hanging houses, the Cathedral and other churches. It is located over the Jucar river, near the Serrania of Cuenca.


Balearic Islands

The Balearic Islands (official name, Catalan: Illes Balears) are an autonomous community of Spain, formed by the Balearic Islands Province. The main islands are Mallorca (English: Majorca), Minorca, Ibiza (also called Eivissa) and Formentera. The capital is Palma de Mallorca, and other cities are Mahon, Ibiza, Inca, Ciutadella, and Calvia.

Henry Fonda

Henry Jaynes Fonda (May 16, 1905 – August 12, 1982) was an American actor. He was the head of a family of actors: son Peter, daughter Jane, granddaughter Bridget and grandson Troy Garity. He has won an Academy Award.

Fonda starred in movies including "The Grapes of Wrath" (1940), "12 Angry Men" (1957), "Once Upon a Time in the West" (1968) and "Yours, Mine and Ours" (1968). His last performance was in 1981's "On Golden Pond".

Fonda was born on May 16, 1905 in Grand Island, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Minnesota.

He was married to Margaret Sullavan from 1931 until they divorced in 1932. Then he was married to Frances Ford Seymour from 1936 until her death in 1950. Then he was married to Susan Blanchard from 1950 until they divorced in 1956. Then he was married to Afdera Franchetti from 1957 until they divorced in 1961. Then he was last married to Shirlee Mae Adams from 1965 until his death in 1982.

Fonda died on August 12, 1982 from heart disease in Los Angeles, California. He was 77.


Provinces of Spain

There are fifty parts of Spain called provinces. They are:

Cartagena

Cartagena is a city in the Region of Murcia, in Spain. In the south of the region, at the Mediterranean Sea. The population of the city is 205,000 and it is an industrial centre. Cartagena was founded by the Carthaginese as "Qart Hadasht" and the name means "New City". 

Palermo

Palermo is an Italian city. It is the capital and largest city of Sicily. It has 720,000 people, with more than 1,000,000 in the metropolitan area. It has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate. The city started as a colony of Phoenicia. It was later Roman -for a century Islamic- and Norman and part of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. After Italian unification Palermo grew rapidly. The city was bombed heavily in 1942 and 1943.

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Bosnia and Herzegovina (, ), abbreviated BiH () or B&H, sometimes called Bosnia–Herzegovina and often known informally as Bosnia, is a country in Southeastern Europe, located in the Balkans with an area of 51,197 km and 4,600,000 people. Countries around Bosnia and Herzegovina are Croatia, Serbia and Montenegro. The capital is Sarajevo, and other important cities are Banja Luka, Mostar, Bihać, Zenica and Tuzla. The three largest ethnic groups are Bosniaks, Serbs, and Croats. Most Bosniaks are Sunni Muslim, most Serbs are Serbian Orthodox Christians, and most Croats are Roman Catholic. The majority religion is Islam.

The first state in modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina was in the Middle Ages. After the conquest of Bosnia by the Ottoman Empire in the 15th century, Islam was introduced to the local population. During the Ottoman Empire, it was a very important province in the Balkans and the capital, Sarajevo, had 100,000 people. In the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Austria-Hungary occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina and annexed it in 1908. In 1914 the Archduke Ferdinand and his wife, Sophie, were assassinated in Sarajevo, leading to World War I. From 1918 until 1992, the country was a part of Yugoslavia. After a 3-year long war, part of the Yugoslav Wars, Bosnia and Herzegovina proclaimed independence as a country consisting mostly of Serbs, Croats and Bosnian Muslims.

The country is divided into two entities: Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska. The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is then divided into 10 cantons. Both entities are divided into municipalities. The Brčko District is not part of either entity. Officially, it is governed by both together.

This is a list of the ten largest towns in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Only Sarajevo and Banja Luka have more than 200,000 people.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has produced many athletes. Many of them were famous in the Yugoslav national teams before Bosnia and Herzegovina's independence.

The most important international sporting event in the history of Bosnia and Herzegovina was the hosting of the 14th Winter Olympics, held in Sarajevo.

The Borac handball club has won seven Yugoslav Handball Championships, as well as the European Championship Cup in 1976 and the International Handball Federation Cup in 1991.

The Bosna basketball club from Sarajevo were European Champions in 1979. The Yugoslav national basketball team medaled in every world championship from 1963 through 1990. The team included Bosnian players such as Dražen Dalipagić and Mirza Delibašić. Bosnia and Herzegovina regularly qualifies for the European Championship in Basketball. Jedinstvo Aida women's basketball club, based in Tuzla, has won the 1989 European Championships in Florence.

Bosnia has many world-class basketball players, notably Mirza Teletović, the first Bosnian in the NBA. Among others are, Elmedin Kikanović, Nihad Đedović, Ognjen Kuzmić, Jusuf Nurkić, Nedžad Sinanović, and Nemanja Mitrović.

The Tuzla-Sinalco karate club from Tuzla has won the most Yugoslav championships, as well as four European Championships and one World Championship.

The Bosnian chess team has been Champion of Yugoslavia seven times. In addition the club ŠK Bosna Sarajevo won four Chess Club Cup : 1994 in Lyon, 1999 in Bugojno, 2000 in Neum, and 2001 in Kallithea Elassonos. Chess grandmaster Borki Predojević has also won European Championships: Under-12 years Litochoro (Greece) in 1999, and Under-14 years Kallithea Elassonos (Greece) in 2001, and in 2003 won World Championship Under-16 years Halkidiki (Greece).

Middle-weight boxer Marijan Beneš has won several Championships of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslav Championships and the European Championship. In 1978 he won the World Title against Elisha Obed from the Bahamas. Another middle-weight boxer, Anton Josipović won the Olympic Gold in Los Angeles, 1984. He also won Yugoslav Championship in 1982, the Championship of the Balkans in 1983, and the Belgrade Trophy in 1985.

Association football is the most popular sport in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It dates from 1903, but its popularity grew significantly after World War I. At the local level, FK Sarajevo (1967 and 1984), Željezničar (1972) have both won the Yugoslav Championship. The former Yugoslav national football team has included a number of Bosnian players, such as Josip Katalinski, Blaž Slišković, Dušan Bajević, Enver Marić, Mehmed Baždarević, Ivica Osim, Safet Sušić, Vahidin Musemić and Mirsad Fazlagić.

Today, the team of Bosnia and Herzegovina has modern footballers like Edin Džeko, Zvjezdan Misimović, Vedad Ibišević, Emir Spahić, Asmir Begović, Miralem Pjanić, Sejad Salihović, Senad Lulić and others. The independent Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team has not qualified for a European or World Championship but has played twice in the play-off stages.

Bosnian national teams have struggled to draft the best national players. Many players born in Bosnia and Herzegovina choose to play for other countries because of their ethnic identification. For example, Nikica Jelavić and Vedran Ćorluka were both born in Bosnia and Herzegovina but play for Croatia. Other internationally famous players from Bosnia and Herzegovina, who have made similar choices, are: Dejan Lovren, Mladen Petrić, Mario Stanić, Neven Subotić, Zlatan Ibrahimović, Marko Marin, Boris Živković, Zlatko Junuzović, Savo Milošević, and Zdravko Kuzmanović.

Bosnia and Herzegovina was the world champion of volleyball at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. Many among those on the team lost their legs in the Bosnian War.

Bosnian cuisine uses many spices, in moderate quantities. Most dishes are light, as they are cooked in lots of water. The sauces are fully natural, with little more than the natural juices of the vegetables in the dish. Typical ingredients include tomatoes, potatoes, onions, garlic, peppers, cucumbers, carrots, cabbage, mushrooms, spinach, zucchini, dried beans, fresh beans, plums, milk, paprika and cream called Pavlaka. Bosnian cuisine is balanced between Western and Eastern influences. As a result of the Ottoman administration for almost 500 years, Bosnian food is closely related to Turkish, Greek, and other former Ottoman and Mediterranean cuisines. However, because of years of Austrian rule, there are many influences from Central Europe. Typical meat dishes include mostly beef and lamb. Some local specialties are ćevapi, burek, dolma, sarma, pilaf, goulash, ajvar and a whole range of Eastern sweets. Local wines come from Herzegovina where the climate is suitable for growing grapes. Herzegovinian loza (similar to Italian Grappa but less sweet) is very popular. Plum or apple alcohol beverages are made in the north. In the south, distilleries used to produce vast quantities of brandy. Brandy is the base of most alcoholic drinks.

Coffeehouses, where Bosnian coffee is served in džezva with rahat lokum and sugar cubes, are in many places in Sarajevo and every city in the country. Coffee drinking is a favorite Bosnian pastime and part of the culture. Bosnians are believed to be some of the heaviest coffee drinkers in the world.



Black bass

A black bass is a type of fresh water fish. The black basses are found throughout a large area east of the Rocky Mountains in North America, from the Hudson Bay basin in Canada to northeastern Mexico. Several species, notably the Largemouth and Smallmouth, have been very widely introduced throughout the world. Black bass of all species are highly sought-after game fish, and bass fishing is an extremely popular sport. These fish are well known as strong fighters, and taste good. 




Black bass are found in running and still waters, with or without aquatic plants that live in water. they need food and some form of cover. Generally, they can tolerate a wide range of water clarities and bottom types. Most prefer water temperatures from 20 to 30°C, and are often found at depths less than 20 feet. Smallmouth prefer clear water and usually like deeper water than Largemouth.

The feeding habits of bass change with its size. Young fish mainly feed on microscopic animals (plankton). Fingerling bass eat insects and small fishes. Adult bass will eat whatever is available, including fish, crabs, frogs, salamanders, snakes, mice, turtles, and even birds. 

Age and growth - Growth rates are highly variable with differences attributed mainly to their food supply and length of growing season. Female bass live longer than males and are much more likely to reach trophy size. By age two or three, females grow much faster than male bass. At five years of age females may be twice the weight of males. The oldest bass from Florida whose age has been determined by fisheries' biologists was 16 years of age.

The largemouth bass is a very popular fresh water game fish. Much of its popularity is due to its aggressive attitude and willingness to strike a bait with explosive force. They can be caught with almost every bait. The value of the largemouth as a sport fish has prompted a movement toward catch and release fishing. 

A bass of 22 pounds, 4 ounces was caught in Montgomery Lake, Georgia (U.S. state) in 1932.

Sport fishing for Black bass, particularly largemouth and smallmouth, has seen extraordinary growth in popularity. In Texas alone, fishermen spent $28 billion on equipment, licenses and fishing trips in 1996. That same year Texas sport fishing was responsible for creating 80,000 jobs and brought in over $180 million to the state in taxes. Many talented fishermen have turned the sport of bass fishing into a business by becoming a professional and competing in tournaments. Kevin VanDam is the top-rated money winner in professional bass fishing, having earned more than $5.6 million.

Reinheitsgebot

The Reinheitsgebot is a regulation about the purity of beer. The regulation started in Ingolstadt, in Bavaria, in Germany, in 1516.

The regulation says several things:

Some people talk about the "Bavarian" Reinheitsgebot, or the "German" Reinheitsgebot. They all mean the same thing. There are similar acts in the other states which later became known as Germany.

The Reinheitsgebot is no longer part of German law. It has been replaced by the Provisional German Beer Law, which allows things prohibited in the "Reinheitsgebot", such as wheat malt and cane sugar, but which no longer allows unmalted barley.

Yeast was not a part of beer until Louis Pasteur discovered what it did during fermentation. This was around the year 1800. Brewers (the people brewing beer) usually re-used some of the sediments of the fermentation. They took some sediments of an older brew and added those sediments to the next brew.

Hops were added as a method of preservation (to stop the beer going bad quickly). Hops were allowed to stop other things (like adding certain mushrooms to the beer, which was done in the Middle Ages) being done to preserve beer. Other herbs, like stinging nettles had been used. The stinging nettle is part of the same plant family as hops.

A brewer who broke the "Reinheitsgebot" was punished: The beer barrels were taken by the state and destroyed and he/she did not receive any money for the loss.

Even today, many brewers are proud of the "Reinheitsgebot"; most German breweries say they follow it. Some only use it as a marketing tool. The "Reinheitsgebot' says that beer is made of barley, so all wheat beers were not allowed by the original Reinheitsgebot).

Belgian beers are different. The brewers often add sugar (to boost fermentation). Nevertheless, Belgian beers have a brewing tradition at least as long as those of Germany. They taste totally different from the German ones.

Maß

A Maß or Mass is an old unit of measurement of liquid. Literally translated, it means "mass". It is equal to 1.069 litre. Today, it is only used for measuring quantities of beer (one litre). Beer is usually served as 0.2 or 0.3 l ("small beer") or as 0.5 l ("big beer"), but at some occasions (like the Oktoberfest) and some places it is also served as a "Maß".

Usually this Maß is served in special mugs. These used to be made of ceramics, especially clay. During the 19th and 20th centuries most were replaced by ones made of glass.

Wolverine

The wolverine or glutton ("Gulo gulo") is the largest member of the Mustelidae family (the weasels). It is a stocky and muscular carnivore, more like a small bear than other mustelids. The wolverine, a solitary animal, has a reputation for ferocity, and can kill prey many times larger than itself. It is a powerful and versatile predator and scavenger.

There is a clear difference between two subspecies: the Old World form "Gulo gulo gulo" and the New World form "G. g. luscus".

The male is about tall, the female . Their length ranges from (female) to (male) and they reach a weight of around . Their tail measures about . Their brown fur protects them from the extremely cold temperatures and their big feet enable them to walk on top of snow.

 Wolverines live primarily in isolated arctic and alpine regions of northern Canada, Alaska, Siberia, and Scandinavia. they are also native to European Russia, the Baltic countries, northeast China and Mongolia. In 2008 and 2009, wolverines were sighted as far south as the Sierra Nevada, near Lake Tahoe, for the first time since 1922. They are also found in low numbers in the Rocky Mountains and northern Cascades of the United States, and have been sighted as far south and east as Michigan. However, most New World wolverines live in Canada.

Wolverines feed on almost every type of food that they can find: mice, rats, birds, bird eggs, reindeer and other large prey. Wolverines prefer to hunt larger prey in winter, when the snow slows down the prey and gives the wolverine an advantage.

Wolverines are highly territorial. Wolverines reproduce every two or three years. The female gives birth to one to three young (called kits) in a tunnel called a den deep underneath snowdrifts.

Humans are the wolverine’s main enemy. The wolverine’s thick, warm fur is used to manufacture the trim of a parka's hood or other winter clothes, as the dense guard hairs do not collect frost.

In February 2013, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service proposed giving Endangered Species Act protections to the wolverine largely because climate change (global warming) is whittling away its wintry habitat in the northern Rockies. Wolverines have poor eyesight but a keen sense of smell, they can smell prey 20 feet under the snow.

Bismarck (ship)

The German battleship Bismarck was built by Nazi Germany. It was one of the most famous and recognized warships of World War II. It sailed for just one mission, known as Operation "Rheinübung". It was named in honor of the German statesman, Otto von Bismarck.

Its construction began on 1 July 1936 in a shipyard in Hamburg, Germany. The ship was launched on 14 February 1940. The "Bismarck" class battleship was the largest type of battleship built by any European power. Her sister ship "Tirpitz" was the second in this class.

The "Bismarck" and "Tirpitz" were planned in the mid-1930s by the German Kriegsmarine to counter France and its own naval expansion. Construction began in 1936 and were supposed to fall within the 35,000 long ton limit as imposed by the Washington regime and the Anglo-German Naval Agreement during the Interwar period. Both of them secretly ignored the limits but before it's completion, the agreement and the treaty fell apart due to Japan's withdrawal in 1937. "Bismarck" weighed 41,700t (long tons) and 50,300 t (49,500 long tons) when fully loaded and had a overall length of 251m (823 ft 6in) which was the largest built than any other European power until HMS Vanguard after the war. "Bismarck" had a top speed of 30.01 knots (55.58 km/h; 34.53 mph) during trials and had a max distance of 16,430 km (10,210 mi) without refuels. Bismarck had a crew of 2000-2200 and had them divided into twelve divisions of 180-200 per division and half of them were assigned to main and secondary weaponry while the other half were support crew. (Cooks, Radio Operators) The "Bismarck" had an armament of eight 38 cm (15 in) guns, twelve 15 cm (5.9 in) guns, sixteen 10.5 cm (4.1 in) guns, sixteen 3.7 (1.5 in) guns, and twelve 2 cm (0.79 in) guns. "Bismarck's" main belt had a thickness of 320mm (12.6 in) and was additionally covered with upper and main armor deck ranging from 50mm to 120mm ( 2in to 4.7in ) while the turret faces were protected by 360mm (14.2 in) fronts while the sides were 220mm (8.7 in) thick.

On 5th May 1941 Hitler started Operation Rheinübung to sever Britain's lifeline which consisted of merchant ships bringing vital supplies such as food and raw materials. If this lifeline was cut Britain would be forced to either sue for peace, negotiate an armistice or leave the British Isles. The goal of Rheinübung was to break into the Atlantic Ocean and attack allied merchant ships transporting essential goods. German Naval Command (OKM) established a network of tankers and supply ships around the area "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen" sailed. Britain knew Nazi Germany was going to attack these supply lines and stationed multiple battlecruisers, aircraft carriers, and battleships.

At 05:45 24th of May, German lookouts spotted smoke in the distance which turned out to be from two of the Royal Navy's ships called HMS Hood and HMS Prince of Wales. At 05:52 "Hood" opened fire at what they thought was "Bismarck" but instead of "Prinz Eugen" while "Prince of Wales" fired on "Bismarck". Both "Prince of Wales" and "Hood" attacked "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen" head on only allowing them to use their front guns while "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen" could fire with all their weaponry. After several minutes of shelling, "Hood" turned 20° left to use its rear turrets and after a minute of firing, "Prinz Eugen" scored a hit on "Hood" causing an ammunition fire which was quickly extinguished. "Bismarck" fired three salvos which caused it to find the range to "Hood" and the order to rapid-fire was given. "Hood" turned 20° to the left again to make itself parallel with "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen. Prinz Eugen" shifted its fire towards "Prince of Wales" to keep both British ships under fire and scored a couple of hits on "Wales." "Prinz Eugen" was ordered to move behind "Bismarck" to keep track of "Norfolk" and "Suffolk." At 06:00 "Hood" was completing her second turn to the left when "Bismarck's" salvo hit. Two of the shells landed short while one of the shells struck "Hood's" thin deck armor and caused 112 t ( 110 long tons ) of ammo to explode causing "Hood" to split in half in only eight minutes and only three out of 1149 crew survived. After the sinking of "Hood, Bismarck" redirected its fire towards "Prince of Wales" and hit "Wales" directly in the bridge killing all but 3 officers and was still being fired upon and guns were malfunctioning on the new battleship and after scoring a bunch of ineffective hits on "Bismarck", the order was given to retreat at 06:13

After the engagement, "Bismarck’s" commander reported that "Hood" sunk and another battleship thinking it was "King George V" or "Renown" escaped but was damaged and transmitted a damage report along with his intentions to let "Prinz Eugen" detach and head to Saint-Nazaire for repairs. "Prinz Eugen" reported that "Bismarck" was leaking oil and an hour later a British plane reported the oil slick to "Suffolk" and "Norfolk" which was joined by a damaged "Prince of Wales". Winston Churchill ordered all ships in the area to join in the pursuit against "Prinz Eugen" and "Bismarck" which resulted in six battleships, two battlecruisers, two aircraft carriers, thirteen cruisers, and twenty one destroyers were ordered to hunt down "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen". With weather worsening "Bismarck’s" commander attempted to detach "Prinz Eugen" but the squall wasn't heavy enough to hide her withdrawal from "Norfolk" and "Suffolk" which continued to maintain radar contact. "Prinz Eugen" was successfully detached and "Bismarck" turned to face "Suffolk" which forced "Suffolk" to turn away at high speeds while "Prince of Wales" fired at "Bismarck" and received fire back. Although "Bismarck" had been damaged earlier she was still able to achieve 27-28 knots and was still able to reach Saint-Nazaire unless slowed down. The British sent aircraft carrier Victorious and an additional four light cruisers to have Swordfish torpedo bombers find and engage "Bismarck" but due to the inexperience of the pilots, they nearly attacked "Norfolk" and a US Coast Guard USCGC "Modoc" and alerted Bismarck’s anti-aircraft gunners.

Republic of Mahabad

The Republic of Mahabad (also Republic of Kurdistan), established in Iranian Kurdistan, was the second independent Kurdish state of the 20th century after the Republic of Ararat in Turkey. Its capital was the Kurdish city of Mahabad in northwestern Iran. The Republic was part of the Iran crisis a conflict between the United States and USSR.

The republic was led by President Qazi Muhammad and Minister of Defense Mustafa Barzani. Prime Minister was Hadschi Baba Scheich. The Republic of Mahabad declared independence on January 22, 1946, but the movement was defeated a year later by the army of the central government of Iran. . After the collapse of the republic in 1947, Qazi Muhammad was hanged in public in Chuwarchira Square in the center of Mahabad.

Massoud Barzani, the current President of Iraqi Kurdistan, was born in Mahabad when his father, the late General Mustafa Barzani, was chief of the military of Mahabad declared in Iranian Kurdistan .

Archibald Roosevelt son of the former US-President Theodore Roosevelt, wrote in ""The Kurdish Republic of Mahabad"", that a main problem of the peoples Republic of Mahabad, was the Kurds needed the power of the USSR. Only with the Red army they had a chance. But these close relationship to Stalin and the USSR let many Kurdish tribes to be in opposition with this Kurdish state.




Coat of arms of Iran

The Emblem of Iran was made after the Islamic Revolution in that country, in 1979. After the revolution, Iran decided to use a new flag. The old flag had a picture of a golden lion and a sabre, that was a symbol for the Shah (king) of Iran. This emblem is a symbol for the whole country and the Islamic character of the new government. It is drawn to look like a version of the word الله which means "God" in the Arabic language, which is not the official language in Iran. It looks like a tulip, which is an old symbol for Iran.

Tennis

Tennis is a sport played with a felt-covered rubber ball, a tennis racket, and a court. 

First, early in the 11th century, players in France played a sport like this with their hands. It was called “Jeu de Paume”. In the 15th century the players played with rackets. Now it is called “tennis”. It became popular in England and France. King Henry III of France was a big fan of the game. This kind of sport is still played but is known as real tennis ("real" here meaning "royal"). The sport of "lawn tennis" played on grass courts was invented in mid 19th-century England and later spread into many other countries. 

There are many different kinds of courts, like grass, clay or hard court. The goal of tennis is to hit the ball over the net into the other player’s court. When the other player cannot return the ball, a point is won. The game is played with two or four people. When it is played with two people, it is called “singles”, and when it is played with four people, it is called “doubles”. The court has "alleys" on each side, which are "fair" territory when playing doubles.

A tennis game has a number of sets. Each set has a number of games, and each game has points. The points are counted love (0, after the French l'oeuf), fifteen (15), thirty (30), and forty (40). If both players get to forty, the score is "deuce" from which 2 more points are needed to win the game. When one player reaches six games, it is one set. If it is a three-set match, the player who wins two sets first is the winner. If the game count reaches 5–5, the set must be won with two more games than the other player, like 7–5 or 8–6. If the game count gets to 6–6, a "tiebreaker" is played. In a tiebreak, players have to get at least seven points while getting two more points than the other player to win the set. In tiebreak points are called “one,” “two,” etc.

There is also soft tennis. Soft tennis is different from regulation tennis. For example, the racket, ball and rules are much different. Soft tennis is popular in Japan. Thousands of people play soft tennis. Tennis is quite a popular sport which lots of people enjoy watching.

There are many different "shots" and "strokes", ways to hit the ball, in tennis. A stroke is the way the body is moved to hit the ball. A shot is how the ball is hit. These include:


Tennis is now a sport that is played at the Olympics. They also have big tournaments like the U.S. Open, Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon. These four are known as Grand Slam events.


Winning all four Grand Slams in the same year is called a Calendar Slam.
They are the most important tennis tournaments of each season (year). This is because of the world ranking points, tradition, prize-money, and public attention.


Teacher

A teacher is a person who helps people to learn. A teacher often works in a classroom. 

There are many different kinds of teachers. Some teachers teach young children in kindergarten or primary schools. Others teach older children in middle, junior high and high schools. Some teachers teach adults in colleges and universities. Some teachers are called professors. 

Teachers are usually professionals. They have been to college and got qualifications. They use various methods to teach. Teachers explain new knowledge, write on a blackboard or whiteboard, sit behind their desks on chairs, help students with their work and mark students' work. They may also use a computer to write tests, assignments or report cards for the class.

Teachers are not always professionals. Parents usually do a lot of teaching before children ever get to school.


Getafe

Getafe is a city 15 km south of Madrid, in the Community of Madrid, Spain. 158,363 people live there. It has great commercial and industrial activity and many mass media. In Getafe there is a university, a military air base, and has a football team in the first division of the Spanish's League.

Manhattan Project

The Manhattan Project was the program based in the United States which tried to make the first nuclear weapons. The project went on during World War II, and was run by the U.S. Army. The head of the project was General Leslie R. Groves, who had led the building of the Pentagon. The top scientist on the project was Robert Oppenheimer, a famous physicist. The project cost $2 billion, and created many secret cities and bomb-making factories, such as a laboratory in Los Alamos, New Mexico, a nuclear reactor in Hanford, Washington, and a uranium processing plant in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. 

The Manhattan Project had to find solutions to two difficulties. The first difficulty is how to make the special isotopes of uranium (uranium-235) or plutonium. This process is called separation and is very slow. The United States built very big buildings with three different kinds of machine for separation. They made enough fissionable special isotopes for a few nuclear weapons. The second difficulty was how to make a bomb that will produce a big nuclear explosion every time. A weapon with a bad design can make a much smaller nuclear explosion. This is called a "fizzle". In July 1945, the Manhattan Project solved the two difficulties and made the first nuclear explosion. This test of a nuclear weapon was called "Trinity" and was a success.

The Manhattan Project created two nuclear bombs which the United States used against Japan in 1945.

The Manhattan Project operated under a blanket of tight security. This was to prevent the Axis countries, especially Nazi Germany, from accelerating their own nuclear projects or undertaking covert operations against the project. The possibility of sabotage was always present. At times, people suspected sabotage when equipment failed. While there were some problems believed to be the result of careless or disgruntled employees, there were no confirmed instances of Axis-instigated sabotage. However, on 10 March 1945, a Japanese fire balloon struck a power line, and the resulting power surge caused the three reactors at Hanford to be temporarily shut down.

Maintaining security was difficult because so many people worked on the project. A special Counter Intelligence Corps detachment handled the project's security issues. By 1943, it was clear that the Soviet Union was trying to penetrate the project. Lieutenant Colonel Boris T. Pash, the head of the Counter Intelligence Branch of the Western Defense Command, investigated suspected Soviet espionage at the Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley. Oppenheimer informed Pash that he had been approached by a fellow professor at Berkeley, Haakon Chevalier, about passing information to the Soviet Union.

The most successful Soviet spy was Klaus Fuchs. Fuchs was a member of the British Mission who played an important part at Los Alamos. The 1950 revelation of Fuchs' espionage activities damaged the United States' nuclear cooperation with Britain and Canada. Subsequently, other instances of espionage were uncovered, leading to the arrest of Harry Gold, David Greenglass and Ethel and Julius Rosenberg. Other spies like George Koval remained unknown for decades. People will never know the value of the espionage. One reason was that the Soviet atomic bomb project was held back by a shortage of uranium ore. The consensus is that espionage saved the Soviets one or two years of effort.



Hadschi Baba Scheich

Hadschi Baba Scheich (Haji Baba Sheikh) ("Hecî Baba Şêx" in Kurdish) was the prime minister of the Republic of Mahabad. After the republic was conquered by the Iranian army in 1947 he was the only one who was not hanged together with president Qazi Muhammad at the Chuwarchira Square in Mahabad in 1947. He was immune because of his religious standing. The journalist and lyric Hemin Mukriyani was his secretary during the republic.


Ajam

Ajam (عجم) in Arabic means non-Arabic-speaker. Ajam is an Arabicized word that came from Jam or jamshid the name of a A Persian legendary king or prophet ,according to old stories he was the king able to fly around the world by a throne or Carpet.
in most of the languages Ajam and Ajami means Persian. in Arabic Ajam means someone whose mother tongue is not Arabic. The early use of the term included all of the peoples with whom the Arabs had contact including Persians, Greeks, Ethiopians, and the somewhat related Nabataeans.

In general, during the Umayyad period "Ajam" was a pejorative term used by Arabs who believed in their social and political superiority, in early history after Islam. 
according to the new finding "Ajam infact had a root in the persian word Jam Jamshid The stories of "Jam and Jamshed and the word Molouk Ajam (Persian emperor) were well known to the Arabs before Islam and the word Molouk Ajam (Ajam kings) and Molk e Ajam(persia) were used in poems of famous 7 Arab poets of Jahiliyyah (pre Islam). one of the famous Arab figures Nadr ibn al-Harith wrote a book about the stories of the Molouk of Ajam (persian kings)Rustam Naqsh-e Rustam and Jamshid and Fereydun and presented it to the new Muslims and said that my book is more important than the stories of Muhammad. Al-A'sha another famous Arabic Jahiliyyah (pre Islam) poet from ArabiaNajd, had wrote poems describing Ajam/Persian king(Molouk Ajam) one of the Al-A'sha poem is:" أَوْ عَاتِقًا مِنْ أَذْرُعَاتٍ مُعَتَّقًا مِمَّا تَعَتَّقَهُ مُلُوكُ الأَعْجَمِ For the first time in the Umayyad period, the derogatory use of the word Ajam applied to the Persians. but during Abbasid and after The word Ajam was used for the Persians not only for humiliating but also a source of pride, as some Arabs even in The pre-Islamic period proudly narrated the glorious stories of the Molouk(kings) of Ajam and the Molk of Jam (Persia).the Arab poets Yaqut al-Hamawi and Al-Mutawakkil wrote: "I am the son of the honors Offspring of Jam(jamshid) holder of the glory legacy of Persian kings.انا ابن المکارم من النسل جم و حائز ارث ملوک العجم 

according to the Documents on the Persian Gulf's name it is very natural that in Arabicizing the words sometimes A is added to the words like Asfehan Isfahan in Arabic from the word Persian word SEPAHAN .
during the period Iranian Intermezzo native Persian Muslim dynasties the word ajam and persian both were used to refer to Iranian.
Many Arabic sources refer to Persian language as Ajami language or Ajmo. Persian is the official language in Iran as "Parsi" and "Farsi", in Afghanistan as Parsi and Dari, and Tajiki in Tajikistan, Persian in Bahrain is called "Ajami" and in Kuwait "Ayami" . In classical Arabic, especially in the first centuries of the Islamic period, the Persian language was called "the language of the Ajam" لسان العجم, and the Iranian people were called the "Ajami" and the persian gulf was called Ajam Gulf, in many books and deed, Tafsir al-Zahak The oldest commentary on Quran wrote on page 524 " In Surah An-Nahl, verse 103,the word Ajami refers to Salman Farsi and says Ajami is the Persians. .also Arabic word for dictionary is mo'jam (moajam) that means definition of the non Arabs(ajam) word.
According to "The Political Language of Islam", during the Islamic Golden Age, 'Ajam' was used colloquially as a reference to denote those whom Arabs in the Arabian Peninsula viewed as "alien" or outsiders. The early application of the term included all of the "non-Arab "peoples with whom the Arabs had contact including Persians, Byzantine Greeks, Ethiopians, Armenians, Assyrians, Mandaeans, Arameans, Jews, Georgians, Sabians, Samaritans, Egyptians, and Berbers.

During the early age of the Caliphates, Ajam was often synonymous with "foreigner" or "stranger". In the Western Asia, it was generally applied to the Persians, while in al-Andalus it referred to speakers of Romance languages - becoming "Aljamiado" in Spanish in reference to Arabic-script writing of those languages - and in West Africa refers to the Ajami script or the writing of local languages such as Hausa and Fulani in the Arabic alphabet. In Zanzibar "ajami" and "ajamo" means Persian which came from the Persian Gulf and the cities of Shiraz and Siraf. In Turkish, there are many documents and letters that used Ajam to refer to Persian. 
In the Persian Gulf region and also the Turks people still refer to Persians as Ajami, referring to Persian carpets as "sajjad al Ajami" (Ajami carpet), Persian cat as Ajami cats, and Persian Kings as Ajami kings.



Boston Terrier

Boston Terriers are a dog breed. They are considered to be one of the few American breeds as they can trace their origins to Boston, Massachusetts. It's hard to believe that these comical, family friendly dogs were originally bred to be ferocious pit-fighting dogs tracing their ancestors to an English Bulldog and the now extinct English White Terrier. 

They are usually very small, but can also be bred as medium sized dogs. They are considered to be cute dogs and are getting ever more popular. They are in many commercials and many celebrities have them.

Boston Terriers are a smart breed of dogs. They can be extremely hyperactive, but overall are well behaved with training. Their excitement and enthusiasm is a perk of their personality. They are compactly built with short, round heads, short tails, but strong limbs. They have a smooth coat, with colors of brindle, seal brown or black and evenly marked with white.

Boston Terriers are inside dogs that love affection. This breed is balanced with being independent (sometimes stubborn) and affectionate and wanting attention from humans. They require very little work when a part of a family and they are good dogs for children. 

Caring for a Boston Terrier requires little work. With a short coat, Bostons might need a bath every one to two weeks. Brushing is not necessary although it helps remove loose hair and reduces shedding. Bostons love rawhides (a chewy animal skin) and other chew toys that help with keeping their teeth healthy. Brushing your dog's teeth is recommended by vets for any breed. Boston Terriers do have sensitive stomachs and will eat grass when their stomach is upset but for the most part, this breed does not have restrictions on what they can eat. 

1169

1169 was a common year.

1196

1196 (MCXCVI) was .




1800

1800 (MDCCC) was an exceptional common year starting on Wednesday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Sunday in the Julian calendar. As of the start of 1800, the Gregorian calendar was 11 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923.

As of March 1 (O.S. February 18), when the Julian calendar acknowledged a leap day and the Gregorian calendar didn't, the Julian calendar fell one day further behind, bringing the difference to 12 days until February 28 (O.S. February 16), 1900.


Vigdís Finnbogadóttir


Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson

Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson (born May 14, 1943) is an Icelanic politician. He served as the fifth President of Iceland, from 1996 to 2016, re-elected without opposition in 2000, and was re-elected in 2004, 2008, and 2012. 

He was born in Ísafjörður, Iceland.

From 1962 to 1970, he studied economics and political science at the University of Manchester. He was a professor at the University of Iceland for political science, served as a Member of the Althing, and was the Minister of Finance (1988–1991).

He married Guðrún Katrín Þorbergsdóttir in 1974, who gave birth to twin daughters the following year. Guðrún Katrín was very popular in Iceland, and her charm is without a doubt one of the main reasons her husband was elected; she charmed the nation from the start of his campaign. Her death from cancer in 1998 was a shock to the nation and her family. 

Ólafur's second marriage was to Dorrit Moussaieff to whom he had been engaged since May 2000. This took place on his 60th birthday May 14, 2003.

He announced in his new year's message on 1 January 2016, that he would be stepping down from the presidency at the end of his fifth term, namely on 1 August 2016. He left office on 1 August 2016. He was succeeded by Guðni Th. Jóhannesson.

1811

1811 was a common year.



Coral Springs, Florida

Coral Springs is a planned city in Florida, United States. It was founded on July 10, 1963.

Affenpinscher

The Affenpinscher is a small breed of dog in the toy group. These dogs originally came from Germany. They are known to have existed since the 1600s. Their name comes from the German word "Affe," which means "monkey," because their faces remind people of monkeys. Originally, the dog was bred to be a "ratter," a type of dog that kills rats and mice in homes, farms, and stables. Now that mice are not so commonly found in the home, Affenpinschers are usually just kept as pets.

The Affenpinscher is a very small kind of dog. It weighs between . Its height is between at the shoulder. Their face is flat and "monkey-like." The most common and preferred colour of fur for this breed is black, but they can also come in grey, beige, and other colours. In the American Kennel Club, a good example of these dogs could be any colour. In the French and British Kennel Clubs they must only be black.

Even though Affenpinschers were bred to hunt mice, they do not like to chase other animals, so they can happily live with other pets. They are playful but very stubborn. These dogs can be difficult to train, because they do not like to listen to instructions and often become bored. Affenpinschers are somewhat territorial (protective) when it comes to their toys and food, so they are not recommended for homes with very small children.

This dog is mostly quiet, and does not bark much. It can become very excited if attacked, and shows no fear. toward any aggressor.

A small study showed that these dogs live an average of 11.4 years, which is not very long for a small dog (small dogs usually live 14–15 years). One of their most common health problems is bladder disease, which happens most often when the dogs are older (8 years and up.) Their short faces can make it difficult for them to breathe and exercise in hot weather. Like many kinds of dogs, Affenpinschers often get a disease called hip dysplasia which makes it difficult for them to run or walk.

The Seidenpinscher (Silky coated Pinscher), was bred from the Affenpinscher and the Maltese (dog) around 1800.
The dog had long, tousled, silky hair, a curly tail like the Maltese dog, a face like the Affenpinscher, and a size like an Affenpinscher or Maltese dog. All colors was allowed.

The Seidenpinscher is believed to have died out between the two world wars. A well-known painting is that of the Seidenpinscher Puss from 1863.

Yorkshire Terrier

The Yorkshire Terrier or Yorkie is a small breed of terrier dog. It originated in the United Kingdom in the town of Yorkshire, from where it gets its name.

They were first bred to catch mice and rats, so they are often fast and energetic. Yorkies usually weigh about 7 pounds (3.18 kg) and have a dark gray or black coat with a brown face. According to the American Kennel Club (AKC), Yorkies are the second most popular dog breed in America, behind only the Labrador Retriever. They are really playful, they will always want to play.

The Chiffons

The Chiffons was an all-woman singing group. They started in New York City in 1960.

Mott the Hoople

Mott the Hoople was a English hard rock/glam rock band. They formed in 1969 and broke up in 1976.

Turner &amp; Hooch

Turner & Hooch is a 1989 American criminal comedy-drama movie. It stars Tom Hanks as Detective Turner and Beasley the Dog as Hooch. It was a very successful movie from A Dog’s Life.

The Temptations

The Temptations are a successful R&B singing group. They formed in Detroit, USA in 1960. The Temptations have four Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles and 14 Billboard R&B number-one singles. They have three Grammy Awards. The Temptations were the first Motown act to earn a Grammy Award.

Brenda Lee

Brenda Mae Tarpley or Brenda Lee (born December 11, 1944 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American pop singer. She was popular in the 1960s. She stood tall and was called “Little Miss Dynamite” because of her strong voice. She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002.



Buddy Clark

Buddy Clark (born Samuel Goldberg, July 26, 1912 – October 1, 1949) was an American popular singer of the Big Band era. He had success in the 1930s and 1940s, returning to the United States after World War II. He died in a plane crash in 1949.

Air Supply

Air Supply is a pop music singing group. They formed in Melbourne, Australia in 1976.

The current members are Russell Hitchcock (born June 15, 1949 in Melbourne) and Graham Russell (born June 11, 1950 in Nottingham, England). In 1981 they got with their song "The One That You Love" a number one hit in the United States. They had their most popular times during the early 1980s.

Sex Pistols

The Sex Pistols were the first popular punk group in Britain and one of the first bands to come from the rising U.K. punk scene of the late 1970s. They were only together for about 3 years, from late 1975 to early 1978, and they were known for their rowdy behaviour more than their music. The music they made gave many new artists a big influence on their music, mostly in the alternative music and punk scenes such as California punk rock group Green Day.

The band members were Johnny Rotten (vocals), Paul Cook (drums), Steve Jones (guitar) and Glen Matlock (bass). Sid Vicious later replaced Matlock on bass in February 1977 but died 2 years later. They recorded only one studio album, called "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols" during the summer of 1977. One of their most famous songs is "Anarchy In The UK". Another one of their most famous songs is "God Save the Queen (Sex Pistols song)", which was banned by the BBC for it's contents. They split up after a show at Winterland on January 14th, 1978, with Rotten saying "You ever get the feelin' you're bein' cheated?"



Walter Murphy

Walter Murphy (b. December 19, 1952) is a classically trained American pianist. He was born in New York City. He had a hit song in the late 1970s, "A Fifth of Beethoven".


Bette Davis

Bette Davis (April 5, 1908 – October 6, 1989), full name Ruth Elizabeth Davis, was an American actress of the stage, cinema and television. She was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. She was nicknamed "The Queen of Hollywood" or the "First Lady of the American Screen" and "The Fifth Warner Brother" during her career.

Davis had held the most Academy Award nominations for any actress (with ten) until Katharine Hepburn took her place with twelve.

Bette Davis made over 100 films across 60 years. Some of the most popular
films include: "Of Human Bondage" (1934), "Marked Woman" (1937), "Jezebel" (1938), "Dark Victory" (1939), "The Letter" (1940), "The Little Foxes" (1941), "Now, Voyager" (1942), "Watch on the Rhine" (1943), "Mr. Skeffington" (1944), "All About Eve" (1950), "The Virgin Queen" (1955), "The Catered Affair" (1956), "Pocketful of Miracles" (1961), "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962), "Death on the Nile" (1978) and "The Whales of August" (1987).

In 1981 Kim Carnes sang the hit song "Bette Davis Eyes". Davis liked the song. Carnes gave Davis a gold record. Davis hung the gold record on a wall.

The Kennedy Center honored Davis in 1987. She died of breast cancer in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.


Gunpowder Plot

The Gunpowder Conspiracy of 1605 was a plan to assassinate King James I of England and VI of Scotland. Other names for the plot are The Powder Treason or The Gunpowder Plot. A group of Catholics wanted to blow up the Houses of Parliament during the State Opening of Parliament on 5 November 1605. This would have killed the king, and most of the Protestant aristocracy.

The conspirators also planned to kidnap the royal children, and lead a popular revolt in the Midlands.

Robert Catesby led the planning of the conspiracy, which started in May 1604. The people who helped him were either rich Catholics, or gentry families who had a lot of influence. Catesby may have come up with the plot when he saw that there was little hope that Great Britain would become more tolerant to Roman Catholics, under King James I. Many Catholics were disappointed about the situation. It is more likely though that Catesby simply wanted to give the Catholics in England a chance: The plot was to be the first step of a rebellion. Afterwards, James' nine-year-old daughter (Princess Elizabeth) could be put in as a Catholic head of state.

Other plotters were Thomas Winter (also spelled Wintour), Robert Winter, John Wright, Christopher Wright, Robert Keyes, Thomas Percy (also spelled Percye), John Grant, Ambrose Rokewood, Sir Everard Digby, Francis Tresham and Thomas Bates (Catesby's servant). The explosives were prepared by Guy "Guido" Fawkes, a man with 10 years military experience. Fawkes had fought with the Spanish against the Dutch in the Spanish Netherlands.

The main Jesuit in England, Father Henry Garnet was said to know the details of the plot. Oswald Tesimond, a fellow Jesuit had told him. Robert Catesby confessed them to Tesimond, and gave him the permission to tell Garnet. Although he was convicted, there has since been some debate over how much Garnet really knew. As the details of the plot were known through confession, Garnet was not allowed to reveal them to the authorities. He did not think it was a good idea. Nevertheless, the plot went ahead. Garnet's opposition to it did not save him from being hanged, drawn and quartered for treason in 1606, though.

In the 17th century, the Palace of Westminster was made of many buildings, spread over a large area. They were grouped around the medieval chambers, chapels, and halls of the old royal palace. This palace housed both Parliament and the various law courts. The palace was also easier to get in to than it is today. Merchants, lawyers, and other people lived and worked on the palace grounds.

As a member of the King's Bodyguard, Percy was able to lease rooms next to the House of Lords, in May 1604. The plotters' original idea was to dig their way under the foundations of the Lords chamber to put the gunpowder there. The main idea was to kill James, but many other important targets would be present, including most of the Protestant nobility and senior bishops of the Church of England. Guy Fawkes, as "John Johnson", was put in charge of this building, where he posed as Percy's servant. Catesby's house in Lambeth was used to store the gunpowder with the tools for digging.

