He is a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.


Arseny Mironov

Arseny Mironov (25 December 1917 – 3 July 2019) was a Russian scientist, aerospace engineer and aviator. He was one of the oldest researchers in aircraft aerodynamics and flight testing. He was one of the Gromov Flight Research Institute directors (1981–1985). Mironov was the recipient of the Stalin Prize (1948) and USSR State Prize (1976), and an honourary citizen of Zhukovsky. He turned 100 in December 2017. Mironov was born in Vladimir, Bolshevik Russia.

Mironov died on 3 July 2019 in Zhukovsky, Moscow Oblast, Russia at the age 101.

The Bourne Legacy (movie)

The Bourne Legacy is a 2012 American action spy movie directed by Tony Gilroy, and is the fourth installment in the series of movies adapted from the Jason Bourne novels originated by Robert Ludlum and continued by Eric Van Lustbader, being preceded by "The Bourne Identity" (2002), "The Bourne Supremacy" (2004), and "The Bourne Ultimatum" (2007). Although this movie has the same title as Van Lustbader's first "Bourne" novel, "The Bourne Legacy", the actual screenplay bears little resemblance to the novel. Unlike the novel, which features Jason Bourne as the principal character, the movie centers on black ops agent Aaron Cross (played by Jeremy Renner), an original character. In addition to Renner, the film stars Rachel Weisz and Edward Norton.


José Luis Álvarez

José Luis Álvarez y Álvarez (4 April 1930 – 23 August 2023) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Madrid. He was Madrid's mayor from March 3, 1978 to January 5, 1979. Afterwards, he worked under the ministries of Adolfo Suárez and Leopoldo Calvo Sotelo as Minister of Transport and Communications from 1980 to 1981 and as Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food from 1981 to 1982.

Álvarez died at home in Cape Palos, Cartagena, Spain on 23 August 2023, at the age of 93.

Max Collins (actress)

Max Collins-Magno (born Isabelle Abiera Collins-Magno; August 28, 1992) is an American-Filipino actress and model. She was born in California, but raised in Boracay, Philippines. She hosted "Wowowee", at the same time she appeared as Veronica in the afternoon TV series "Rosalka".

Arturo Fernández Rodríguez

Arturo Fernández Rodríguez (21 February 1929 – 4 July 2019) was a Spanish actor. He appeared in many stage performances and movies from 1954 until his retirement in April 2019. He was born in Gijón, Asturias, Spain. His best known works include "Red Cross Girls", "College Boarding House" and "The Locket".

Fernández Rodríguez underwent stomach surgery in April 2019. He recovered from the surgery, but shortly afterwards suffered a fall. His health never recovered and he died on 4 July 2019 at a hospital in Madrid from problems caused by the fall at the age of 90.


Dinghy sailing

Dinghy sailing is sailing in small boats usually with a centreboard or a keel. The boat is sailed using the crew for balance.

Small boats have always been used to bring people and produce around. This might mean from place to place but often from an anchored ship to the shore.

Charles II of England had a sailing dinghy given to him when he returned from exile to England in the 17th century.

In 1887 Thomas Middleton, a Dublin solicitor, thought that yacht racing was too expensive. He then invented the one-design boat. He wanted yacht racing to show just skill at sailing with all boats to be the same. He found some other people who agreed with him and they decided on a design for the new boat. They decided to call the boat 'The Water Wag'. The Water Wag Club is still in Dún Laoghaire harbour (near Dublin, Ireland), and they race every Wednesday evening during the Summer.

Now, there are a great many classes of sailing dinghies in use in yacht clubs around the world and it is a major Olympic sport.

Dinghy designs are often called "classes"; these classes are usually either one design or development. The idea is that One Designs provide a fair and even competition, but Development Classes make new faster and better boats. The first International one-design class was the B.R.A. 12 foot dinghy which was designed by George Cockshott in 1914 for West Kirby marine lake near Liverpool, England. This design then went to the Netherlands, Germany, France, Ireland etc.

Sailing skiffs are the hardest type of dinghy to sail. A skiff is small with large sails called a spinnaker, a jib and mainsail. It also has racks (like wings) and trapeze. The 49er dinghy, an Olympic boat is a sailing skiff.

Some high-performance dinghies are the Flying Dutchman, the International 505, the Jet 14, the Fireball, the Osprey, the Thistle, the International 470 and the Moth.

There is also a type of dinghy called a Sports boat. These classes are larger racing dinghies with keels. Usually, they have several crew members. The Melges 24 and Laser SB3 are examples of this type.

This is done entirely in dinghies. The first sailing Olympics took place in 1900 at Meulan near Le Havre in France. Over the years the classes of boats allowed to compete have changed because of new design and technology. Classes of dinghies sailed in the Olympics now are the Finn, the 470, the 49er, the Laser and the Nacra which is a catamaran (two hulls).

Oberramsern

Oberramsern was a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Balm bei Messen, Brunnenthal and Oberramsern merged into the municipality of Messen.

Lüterswil-Gächliwil

Lüterswil-Gächliwil is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. It was created in 1994 from the merger of the two former municipalities of Lüterswil and Gächliwil.


Bibern, Solothurn

Bibern was a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Gossliwil

Gossliwil was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Gossliwil, Tscheppach, Brügglen, Aetingen, Aetigkofen, Bibern, Hessigkofen, Mühledorf, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Hessigkofen

Hessigkofen was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. Since 1 January 2014, Hessigkofen belongs to the new municipality of Buchegg.

Kyburg-Buchegg

Kyburg-Buchegg was a municipality of the district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Bargen

Bargen can mean:



Nuglar-St. Pantaleon

Nuglar-St. Pantaleon is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Witterswil

Witterswil is a municipality of the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Drei Höfe

Drei Höfe is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Heinrichswil-Winistorf and Hersiwil merged to form the new municipality of Drei Höfe.


Hersiwil

Hersiwil is a former municipality of the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Heinrichswil-Winistorf and Hersiwil merged to form the new municipality of Drei Höfe.

Hauenstein-Ifenthal

Hauenstein-Ifenthal is a municipality of the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Raggal

Raggal is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

List of zoos in the United States

This is a list of zoos in the United States.





















































Bruce Wallrodt

Bruce Wallrodt, (26 September 1951 – 2 July 2019) was an Australian Paralympic athlete. He competed at five Paralympic Games and won nine medals, four of them gold. He was born in Bunbury, Western Australia.

In the 1988 Seoul Games, Wallrodt won two gold medals and a bronze medal in the Men's Discus 2 event.

Wallrodt died on 2 July 2019 at the age of 67.

Eva Mozes Kor

Eva Mozes Kor (January 31, 1934 – July 4, 2019) was a Romanian-American writer and activist. She was a survivor of the Holocaust. Along with her twin sister Miriam, Kor was experimented by Josef Mengele at the Auschwitz during World War II. She lost both of her parents and two older sisters to the Holocaust. She was born in Porț, Romania.

Kor lived in Terre Haute, Indiana. She founded CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center, which teaches children about the Holocaust. Kor died in Krakow, Poland while on an educational trip to Auschwitz on July 4, 2019 at the age of 85.


Super Mario Maker 2

Super Mario Maker 2 is a 2019 Nintendo Switch side-scrolling platform game released on June 28, 2019. It is the sequel to the 2015 Nintendo 3DS and Wii U game "Super Mario Maker". It was announced on February 13, 2019 to be released on June 28. The gameplay is larger retained from that of its predecessor, in which players create their own custom courses using assets from various games across the "Mario" franchise and share them online. "Super Mario Maker 2" introduces new features and course assets, including a new course style and assets based on "Super Mario 3D World".

"Super Mario Maker 2" sold 3.93 million copies as of 30 Sep 2019.

Chris Cline

Christopher Cline (July 5, 1958 – July 4, 2019) was an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. He was most active in the coal mining industry. He is said to have have been responsible for reviving the Illinois coal industry. As of March 2013, he was the majority owner of Foresight Reserves LP, with the headquarters in St. Louis, Missouri. He had a net worth of US$1.8 billion at the time of his death in 2019.

Cline was born in Beckley, West Virginia. He was married twice and had four children.

On July 4, 2019, one day before his 61st birthday, Cline died in a helicopter crash in the Abaco Islands of the Bahamas.

Ilkka Nummisto

Ilkka Kalevi Nummisto (24 April 1944 – 29 June 2019) was a Finnish sprint canoer. He competed at four Summer Olympics (1964, 1968, 1972 and 1976). His best Olympic finish was fifth in the K-4 1000 m event in Mexico City, 1968. After his Olympic career finished, he appeared in the finals of the World's Strongest Man competition five times between 1986 and 1992.

Nummisto was born in Turku. He died on 29 June 2019, at the age of 75.


Boat keel

On boats and ships, the keel is the central part. The rest of it is built around it. When a boat or ship is being built then the keel laying down is the first step and the date is noted as the start of the job. Only the launching of the ship is more important.

Evidence of early wooden ship keels has been found around the world. In Europe, Viking longships have been found which were buried but still show their keel and the way the boat was built.

The adjustable centerboard keel traces its roots to the medieval Chinese Song dynasty. Many Song Chinese junk ships had a ballasted and bilge keel that consisted of wooden beams bound together with iron hoops. Maritime technology and the technological know-how allowed Song dynasty ships to be used in naval warfare between the Southern Song Dynasty, the Jin dynasty (1115–1234), and the Mongols.

The most common type of keel is the "flat plate keel", and this is fitted to ocean-going ships and other vessels. A form of keel found on smaller vessels is the "bar keel", which may be fitted in trawlers, tugs, and smaller ferries.

In non-sailing boats, the keel helps the hull to move forward, rather than slipping to the side. In traditional boat building, this is provided by the keel, which comes out from the bottom of the hull. There are many types of keels, including full keels, long keels, fin keels, winged keels, bulb keels, and twin keels among other designs.

The keel works by changing the sideways movement of the wind into a forward movement. It also gives weight to the boat.

Keels are different from centreboards and made of heavy materials to give weight to steady the boat. Keels may be fixed or they may lift up to allow sailing when the water is not deep. The amount of sail use is smaller when sailing with the keel up in the boat.

Other types of keels are swing keels and canting keels. Canting keels can move sideways and can be on racing yachts, such as those in the Volvo Ocean Race.

Johnny Briceño

Juan Antonio Briceño, commonly known as Johnny Briceño (born 17 July 1960), is a Belizean politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Belize since 12 November 2020. He is the leader of the People's United Party (PUP) since 2016. 

He was Leader of the Opposition from 2008 to 2011 and from 2016 to 2020. From 1998 to 2007, he was Deputy Prime Minister under Prime Minister Said Musa.

Jeet Gannguli

Jeet Gannguli (born Chandrajeet Ganguly, Bengali: চন্দ্রজিৎ গাঙ্গুলী on 24 May 1977), popularly known as Jeet, is a score composer of Bengali and Hindi movies. Ganguly is a music director in Bollywood, scoring music for films.

Ganguly was initiated into the world of music at the age of three. He was a student of Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School from where he completed his schooling. Later he graduated from the University of Calcutta. He is trained in Indian classical music under the guidance of his father Kali Ganguly and his pisima (father's sister) Shibani Roychowdhury. He studied western classical music, jazz and rock with jazz guitarist Carlton Kitto.

Ganguly is married to Chandrani Ganguly.

Lost Lake (Santiam Pass, Linn County, Oregon)

Lost Lake is a lake in the Willamette National Forest, in Oregon, in the United States. It is known for the way that the water level changes during the year. There are lava tubes in the bottom of the lake. During the summer, the water drains out of the lake through these tubes. In some years, this leaves the lake with very little water, turning it mostly into a meadow. Starting in the autumn the lake begins to fill again. This happens as the amount of water coming in to the lake from streams and melting snow is higher than that flowing out. By spring, it has its highest water level. 

The water that drains through the tubes is thought to go to nearby Clear Lake.

Bebearia ashantina

Bebearia ashantina is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is also known as Ashanti forester. It is found in Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.

Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.

Numberjacks

Numberjacks is a children's television series aimed at young children and is shown regularly on BBC2 and CBeebies in the UK. It is produced by Open Mind Productions for the BBC and features a mixture of computer-generated animation and live action.

The Numberjacks are animated characters - the numbers zero to nine - who live in a sofa and solve problems outside. Each episode has the same structure. At the beginning of the episode, some of the Numberjacks will be engaged in an activity that will have relevance to the problem that is later discovered. Then an "agent" (a live-action child) will call in and describe the problem that is occurring. One or two of the Numberjacks will go out into the real world to solve the problem, while the remaining Numberjacks stay in their base and watch their progress on a screen. As soon as the problem is understood, 5 will worry about all the things that can happen. In the second series she does not worry about the dancing cow quite so much.

Once outside, the Numberjacks are shown in a live-action setting (although still animated themselves). They diagnose the problem by examination and with help from additional ideas from the agents, who call into the base. The problems are usually solved by creating and sending "brain gain", a magic force that can correct the problems once the solution is understood.

Once solved, the Numberjacks return to their base, replay what happened on a screen and then ask a question for the viewers.

The problems encountered are all based around simple mathematical concepts and the programme is intended to stimulate young children's interest in mathematics.

The Numberjacks are the heroes. Each of the numbers 0-9 is an individual character and each is broadly the age of his or her number. 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 are male, while 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9 are female. However, the gender of the individual Numberjacks is never explicitly stated. The males and females are in a pattern. 


There are five "Meanies" who often cause trouble for people. The Problem Blob, the Puzzler and the Numbertaker are male, while the Shape Japer and Spooky Spoon are female.


The series is comprised of 45 15-minute episodes, which are listed here:

Numberjacks are on their way! (Volume 1)
Calling All Agents! (Volume 2)
Standing By To Zoom! (Volume 3)
Brain Gain! (Volume 4)
Counting Down To Christmas! (Volume 5)
Seaside Adventure (Volume 6)
Numberjacks are Back! (Volume 7)
Day and Night (Volume 8)
Measured Response (Volume 9)


Lawrence Journal-World

The Lawrence Journal-World is a newspaper in Lawrence, Kansas, United States, by Ogden Newspapers. They publish every day.

The "Journal-World" name started in 1911. The paper says it goes back to 1858.

In 1891, Wilford Collins Simons moved to Lawrence. He took over the "Lawrence Record" newspaper in a three-month lease. The "Lawrence World" was first issued by Simons on March 2, 1892.

In 1905, the "World" bought the "Lawrence Journal". They merged the "Journal" and "World" in 1911 after a fire destroyed the offices of the "Journal". The name "Lawrence Daily Journal" dates back to 1880. However, that name just continued the name "Republican Daily Journal". The name "Republican Daily Journal" dates back to at least 1869. The "Republican Daily Journal" seems to have been the successor through a sale and/or consolidation of earlier Lawrence newspapers. One of those papers dated to 1858. For years, the "Journal-World" said it started in 1858.

Wilford Collins Simons was editor from 1891 until his death in 1952.

In October 2010, the World Company, which owns the Lawrence Journal-World, sold some of its news media business. They sold it to Knology for $165 million. Knology is an Internet and cable company.

On May 1, 2019, the Journal-World's offices moved from the historic post office building on 7th and New Hampshire streets building to an office in North Lawrence. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas moved into the old building.

Sankt Gallenkirch

Sankt Gallenkirch is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Bürs

Bürs is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Stüsslingen

Stüsslingen is a municipality in Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Rohr became a part of Stüsslingen.


Kammersrohr

Kammersrohr is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Selzach

Selzach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Holderbank, Solothurn

Holderbank is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Welschenrohr

Welschenrohr () was a municipality in Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Gänsbrunnen and Welschenrohr merged to form the new municipality of Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen.


Zullwil

Zullwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Street newspaper

Street newspapers (or street papers) are newspapers or magazines sold by homeless or poor people. They are created mostly to help these people. Most of these types of newspapers have information and news about homelessness and poverty-related issues. They also want to help homeless communities make friends. Street papers want to give these people job opportunities and a voice in their community. Many of these papers are sometimes produced and written by homeless people.

Change of Heart (street paper)

Change of Heart is a street newspaper produced and sold in Lawrence, Kansas. It is published every 3 months. It was created by Craig Sweets in late 1996. who says the idea of starting a street newspaper was given to him by Michael Stoops. Stoops is the director of the National Coalition for the Homeless. The paper is a member of the North American Street Newspaper Association (NASNA), and it is the only street newspaper in Kansas.

The paper says 1200 people read it every 3 months. In 1999, the NASNA said the paper was the "Best New Street Newspaper in North America". In 1999, the paper was a single page printed on both sides and published using local churches' photocopiers. Since then, the paper is 10 pages long, and it has its own staff and computers.

Heinrichswil-Winistorf

Heinrichswil-Winistorf was a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 1993 by the former municipalities Heinrichswil and Winistorf became the municipality of Heinrichswil-Winistorf. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Heinrichswil-Winistorf and Hersiwil merged to form the new municipality of Drei Höfe.

Haskell-Baker Wetlands

The Haskell-Baker Wetlands is a nature preserve and wetlands. It is big, and it is south of Lawrence, Kansas, United States. It is grouped with the Wakarusa River. It is maintained by levees and flood controls built in the 1990s.

Baker University owns 573 acres, which is most of the wetlands; Haskell Indian Nations University owns 27 acres; the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks owns 20 acres; the University of Kansas owns 20 acres.

In 1969, the National Park Service said the wetlands is a National Natural Landmark. The wetlands has 413 species of plants, 265 species of birds, and 61 other vertebrate species.

Horriwil

Horriwil is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Baker University

Baker University is a private Christian university in Baldwin City, Kansas. It was created in 1858. Tt was the first university officially created in Kansas. It is grouped with the United Methodist Church.

About 3,000 students go to Baker University every year.

Hüniken

Hüniken is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Steinhof

Steinhof was a municipality of the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is an enclave in the canton of Bern. The municipality of Steinhof merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Aeschi.


Subingen

Subingen is a municipality of the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Niedererlinsbach

Niedererlinsbach is a former municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Niedererlinsbach and Obererlinsbach became the municipality of Erlinsbach.

Obererlinsbach

Obererlinsbach is a former municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Niedererlinsbach and Obererlinsbach became the municipality of Erlinsbach.

Norman Geisler

Norman Leo Geisler (July 21, 1932 – July 1, 2019) was an American Christian systematic theologian and philosopher. He was the co-founder of two evangelical seminaries (Veritas Evangelical Seminary and Southern Evangelical Seminary). He was a co-creator of Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy. Geisler was born in Warren, Michigan.

Geisler died of cerebral thrombosis at a hospital in Charlotte, North Carolina on July 1, 2019 at the age of 86.


Warren, Michigan

Warren is a city in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 2020 census places the city's population at 139,387. It is the third largest city in Michigan.

Malva Landa

Malva Noyevna Landa (; 4 August 1918 – 3 July 2019) was a Ukrainian-born Russian geologist and human rights activist. She wrote many books about the human rights movement in the Soviet Union. She was a member of the Moscow Helsinki Group from 1976 until her death. She was awarded the Order of the Cross of Vytis (Lithuania, January 8, 2003). Landa was born in Odessa, Ukrainian State.

Landa died on 3 July 2019 in Haifa, Israel at the age of 100.


Pierre Lhomme

Pierre Lhomme (5 April 1930 – 4 July 2019) was a French cinematographer. He was known for his works were "Cyrano de Bergerac", "Lovers Like Us" and "Deadly Circuit". Lhomme was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France. He retired in 2003.

Lhomme died on 4 July 2019 in Arles, France at the age of 89.


Ugo Gregoretti

Ugo Gregoretti (28 September 1930 – 5 July 2019) was an Italian movie, television and stage director, actor, screenwriter, author and television host. He directed 20 movies from 1956 until 1990. He was born in Rome. Gregoretti was known for his works "Ro.Go.Pa.G.", "Omicron" and "Beautiful Families".

Gregoretti died on 5 July 2019 in Rome at the age of 88.

Paolo Vinaccia

Paolo Vinaccia (27 March 1954 – 5 July 2019) was an Italian-Norwegian composer, jazz drummer, and percussionist. He became a Norwegian citizen in 1979. Vinaccia was born in Rome.

Vinaccia worked with Terje Rypdal, Bendik Hofseth, Jan Eggum, Knut Reiersrud (in Four Roosters), Gisle Torvik, Ole Amund Gjersvik and Jonas Fjeld. He has toured and recorded with Palle Mikkelborg, Mike Mainieri, Jon Christensen and David Darling. With Arild Andersen, he performed at the London Jazz Festival in 2008.

Vinaccia died on 5 July 2019 from pancreatic cancer in Oslo at the age of 65.

Midco

Midco (until 2016, was called Midcontinent Communications) is a regional cable provider. They give a triple play service of Cable television, Internet and telephone service. They give this service for North Dakota, South Dakota, some of Minnesota, and some cities in Kansas and Wisconsin. 


Lawrence station (Kansas)

Lawrence (also called the Santa Fe Depot or the Santa Fe Station) is a train station in Lawrence, Kansas, United States. Amtrak's "Southwest Chief" train uses it. The Lawrence station was built in 1956 by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to replace the Atchison Topeka Santa Fe Station built in 1883. That station was damaged by the 1951 flood. It was dedicated on February 7, 1956. The Mid-century modern station is on the National Register of Historic Places.

The station was added to the Register of Kansas Historic Places on November 18, 2017. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 5, 2018.

It was designed by Warren Jones and Warren Comen.


Rail freight transport

Rail freight transport is using railroads and trains to transport cargo. They don't transport human passengers. Trains may transport bulk material, intermodal containers, general freight or special freight in cars designed for a specific reason, Rail freight practices and economics are different by country and region.

A freight train, cargo train, or goods train is a group of freight cars (US) or goods wagons (International Union of Railways) hauled by one or more locomotives on a railway, transporting cargo all or some of the way between the shipper and the intended destination as part of the logistics chain. Trains may haul bulk material, intermodal containers, general freight or specialized freight in purpose-designed cars. Rail freight practices and economics vary by country and region.

When considered in terms of ton-miles or tonne-kilometers hauled, energy efficiency can be greater with rail transportation than with other means. Maximum economies are typically realized with bulk commodities (e.g., coal), especially when hauled over long distances. However, shipment by rail is not as flexible as by the highway, which has resulted in much freight being hauled by truck (all types: box truck, concrete mixer truck, cutaway van chassis, water tanker truck, oil tanker truck, milk tanker truck, dual drive/steer truck, dropside truck, fire engine truck, tow truck, logging truck, garbage truck, stakebed truck, vacuum truck, platform truck, bucket truck, container truck, flatbed truck, sprinkler truck, food truck, semi-trailer truck (tractor), ice cream truck, and dump truck), even over long distances. Moving goods by rail often involves transshipment costs, particularly when the shipper or receiver lack direct rail access. These costs may exceed that of operating the train itself, a factor that practices such as containerization, trailer-on-flatcar or rolling highway aim to minimize.

BNSF Railway

The BNSF Railway Company is the biggest freight railroad network in North America. BNSF has 44,000 employees. They are one of ten Class I railroads. They have of track in 28 states. They have more than 8,000 locomotives. It has three transcontinental routes that have rail connections between the western and eastern United States.

Large freight car hump yards are located throughout the BNSF system.

Location of major intermodal yards:



Union Pacific Railroad

Union Pacific Railroad (or legally Union Pacific Railroad Company and simply Union Pacific) is a freight-hauling railroad that has 8,500 locomotives. They have over 32,100 route-miles in 23 U.S. states west of Chicago and New Orleans. The Union Pacific Railroad system is the biggest in the United States. They are one of the world's biggest transportation companies.


Lawrence Transit

The Lawrence Transit System is the city public transportation agency in Lawrence, Kansas. It works together with the City of Lawrence and the University of Kansas. They have services from Monday through Saturday from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. on most routes. On election days, rides are free of charge.


Kevin McAleenan

Kevin K. McAleenan (born September 5, 1971) is an American attorney and former government official who served as the Acting Secretary of Homeland Security from April 2019 through November 2019.

McAleenan resigned on October 11, 2019, with Trump stating that McAleenan wanted to "spend more time with his family and go to the private sector."


Hewing

In woodworking, hewing is the use of an axe to make a log into lumber. It is a very old way of making lumber, and was used in ancient times. Before the industrial era it was the normal way to make wood beams. Today it has mostly been replaced by sawmills, but is in some use. 

"Hew" is a word that means to strike, blow, chop, or gash with a tool such as an axe or sword. It is used in warfare, stone and wood cutting, and coal and salt mining. This is the root word for hewing. 

"Hewing" wood is to shape a log with a sharp item such as an axe with the goal to flatten one or more sides.

As "hewing" has been used since ancient times, more than one way has been made to do each step. But in general, there are four steps in the process. 

The first step is to prepare the log (or tree trunk). After a tree is selected and cut down, hewing can be done at the place where the log landed. Or the log can be moved out of the woods to a work site. The log is then usually placed across two smaller logs. It is kept steady by notching the support logs or by a long bar of iron with a tooth on either end. Then the person doing the hewing measures where to cut and marks lines along the log. These are usually done with a chalk line.

The next step is to make notches every foot or two of the log. These are made almost as deep as the marked line. This is called scoring. There are at least three methods that can be used in scoring.

The next step is know as either joggling or juggling. In this step the pieces of wood between the notches are knocked off with an axe. The result is a rough surface cut down almost to the marked line. The steps to this point remove a much wood and make the last step hewing easier.

The last step is called hewing. (The entire process is called hewing as well). This step is done on the sides of the log using a broadaxe. Hewing is started from the bottom of the trem stem upwards toward what was the top of the tree. This reduces the risk of broken fibers that may move inwards toward the beam.

It is also possible to use an adze to hew the top surface of a log. In the past, shipbuilders often used adzes to shape ship timbers. The choice of tool (either axe or adze) was made based on the position of the log to hew. The sides are best hewn with an axe and the top best hewn with an adze. 

After the hewing is done, other tools are used to make the surface smooth. This can be done with a hand plane, drawknife, or yariganna.

Some people still used hand-hewn beams in modern building, but it is very rare. A more common use is the re-use of old hand-hewn beams taken from old buildings. They are also popular as decor in some buildings.


Zach Neal

Zachary Sheridan Neal (born November 9, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Oakland Athletics and the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Neal signed with the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball for the 2019 season.

Dynamics

Dynamics is the study of forces and their effects on motion over time. It is a branch of classical mechanics.

Isaac Newton developed three laws of motion that are fundamental to dynamics.

Some people consider dynamics to be made up of kinematics and kinetics. Others consider dynamics and kinematics to be separate, and do not use the word kinetics. Under the second view, kinematics is about describing how a system is at the moment, and dynamics is about how and why the system changes with time.


Mitsuo Itoh

Itoh died on 3 July 2019, at the age of 82.


Vivian Perlis

Vivian L. Perlis (April 26, 1928 – July 4, 2019) was an American musicologist. She was the founder and director of Yale University's Oral History of American Music. She founded the oral history project in 1969. She also notably wrote "Charles Ives Remembered". She first started working at Yale University as a reference librarian in 1959. She retired in 2010.

Perlis was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in Long Island. She was married to Stanford James Perlis, and had three children.

Perlis died in Weston, Connecticut on July 4, 2019 after an illness. She was 91.

Shiboprosad Mukherjee

Shiboprosad Mukherjee (born 20 May 1974) is an Indian Bengali filmmaker, writer and actor.

Shiboprosad Mukherjee was born on 20 May 1974 at Baranagar in the northern fringes Kolkata, West Bengal, India. He was a student of Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School and later completed his high school from Hindu School. He pursued his graduation in Political Science Honours from Jadavpur University.


List of Salman Khan's awards and nominations

Salman Khan is an Indian film actor and producer. In 1999, Khan won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his extended guest appearance in "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998). In 2011, he won the Screen Award for Best Actor for his performance in "Dabangg" and in 2012, he won the Best Actor Popular Choice for his performances in "Ek Tha Tiger" and "Dabangg 2". Eight of the films he has acted in, have accumulated gross earnings of over worldwide. He played leading roles in five consecutive blockbusters including "Dabangg", "Ready", "Bodyguard", "Ek Tha Tiger", and "Dabangg 2". He has starred in more than 80 Hindi films and thus far has established himself as a leading actor of Hindi cinema.


Marguerite Pindling

The Most Honourable Dame Marguerite, Lady Pindling, (née McKenzie; born June 26, 1932) is a Bahamian politician. She was the Governor-General of the Bahamas from 8 July 2014 to 28 June 2019 She is the second female Governor-General of The Bahamas after Dame Ivy Dumont.

Cornelius A. Smith

Cornelius Alvin Smith (born 7 April 1937) is a Bahamian politician. He was the 10th Governor-General of the Bahamas from 28 June 2019 to 1 September 2023.

Smith was the Ambassador to the United States starting in 2008. He was also Minister of Transport, and Aviation of the Bahamas. In 2018, he was sworn in as the deputy Governor General.

Abhishek Chatterjee

Abhishek Chatterjee () (born 30 April 1964) is an Indian actor who is known for his work in Bengali cinema.

After finishing his secondary schooling at the Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School, he graduated from the Seth Anandram Jaipuria College of the University of Calcutta.




 

Center for Immigration Studies

The Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) is an American research organization and think tank that supports ending illegal immigration and lowering the amount of immigration in the United States. It was founded in 1985 by a professor named Otis Graham Jr. The Center describes itself as a group that is "providing immigration policymakers, the academic community, news media, and concerned citizens with reliable information about the social, economic, environmental, security, and fiscal consequences of legal and illegal immigration into the United States."

The Center is led by Mark Krikorian. Krikorian believes that America should have a stronger border to stop illegal immigration.

Tathagata Mukherjee

Tathagata Mukherjee (born 15 May 1985) is an Indian film and television actor and an independent filmmaker based in Kolkata. He played the main lead in many Bengali soap operas.

Tathagata Mukherjee studied at the Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School, and thereafter studied drama at Rabindra Bharati University. He has done professional theater since 2005, during his childhood. He did three years "yatra" with Chapal Bhaduri.





List of presidents of Rwanda

This article lists the presidents of Rwanda since the creation of the office in 1961 (during the Rwandan Revolution), to the present day. As specified in the constitution, the President functions as the head of state of Rwanda, and possesses broad executive powers. The officeholder is elected by popular vote every seven years, and appoints the Prime Minister and all other members of Cabinet.

A total of four people have served as President of Rwanda (not counting two Acting Presidents). The current President is Paul Kagame, since 24 March 2000.






Centron Corporation

Centron Corporation was a big industrial and educational movie production company. They specialized in classroom and corporate 16mm movies and VHS videocassettes.

It was created in 1947 in Lawrence, Kansas by Arthur H. Wolf and Russell A. Mosser.

Harold "Herk" Harvey was a big director at Centron. His 1962 movie "Carnival of Souls" was created with some people from Centron. John Clifford, a Centron screenwriter wrote the script for "Carnival of Souls".

Centron won many awards for its movies. It is most famous for the Oscar nominated "Leo Beuerman".


Herk Harvey

Harold Arnold "Herk" Harvey (June 3, 1924 – April 3, 1996) was an American movie director, screenwriter, actor and movie producer.

Harvey was born in Windsor, Colorado. He grew up in Waverly, Illinois and in Fort Collins. Harvey came to Lawrence, Kansas in 1945 to study at the University of Kansas. He majored in theater. He acted in many college stage productions. 

While teaching and directing at the University of Kansas, Harvey got into the film business as an actor. He acted in some of the movies being made by Centron Corporation of Lawrence. Centron was an independent industrial and educational movie production company. Harvey joined it in 1952. He was a film director, writer, and producer for over 30 years. They made many kinds of short industrial, educational, documentary, and government films. 

Harvey wrote an article in the March 1956 issue of "American Cinematographer". It was about special effects and techniques that Centron had created.

He retired in 1985.

Harvey is best known for his only feature movie, "Carnival of Souls". It was a low budget 1962 horror film that had Candace Hilligoss. It was created and directed by Harvey for about $33,000. "Carnival of Souls" never got much public attention when was first released. However, it has since become a cult classic.

The Academy Film Archive preserved "Carnival of Souls" in 2012.

Carnival of Souls

Carnival of Souls is a 1962 American independent horror movie. It was written, produced, and directed by Herk Harvey, and starring Candace Hilligoss. The story is about Mary Henry, a young woman who had a car accident. She moves to a new city, but she can't fit in. She becomes curious about the pavilion of an abandoned carnival. The director Harvey is also in the movie as a creepy stranger who follows her a lot.

It was filmed in Lawrence, Kansas and Salt Lake City. "Carnival of Souls" was filmed on a budget of $33,000. Since the 1980s, the film has been noted by critics and film scholars for its cinematography and foreboding atmosphere.

"Carnival of Souls" was shown at the Main Street Theatre in Lawrence, Kansas, in September 1962. The US release of "Carnival of Souls" did not include a copyright on the prints, so the movie was automatically in the public domain.

"Complex Magazine" said "Carnival of Souls" was number 39 on its list of the 50 scariest movies ever made.

Leonard Maltin gave "Carnival of Souls" two-and-a-half out of four stars. He said the movie was an "eerie", and "imaginative low budget effort."


Cult following

A cult following is a group of fans who are very devoted to a work of culture. It is often called a cult classic. A movie, book, musical artist, television series or video game, among other things, has a cult following when it has a small but very passionate fanbase. A common thing of cult followings is the emotional attachment the fans it. They often say they are part of a community.

Many cult fans express their devotion with a level of irony when describing entertainment that falls under this realm, in that something is so bad, it's good. Sometimes, these cult followings are actually camp followings. Fans may become involved in a subculture of fandom. They may do this either through conventions, online communities or through activities such as writing series-related fiction. They may also make costumes, replica prop and model building, or creating their own audio or video creations from the formats and characters.

Cult movie

A cult film or cult movie, also called a cult classic, is a movie that has a cult following. Cult movies are known for their devoted, passionate fanbase. It may have an elaborate subculture that may do repeated viewings, quoting dialogue, and audience participation.


Takeover

In business, a takeover or acquisition happens when one company buys another company. The company that is the one buying is called the "acquirer" or the "bidder" and the one that is being bought is called the "target".

There are four types of takeovers: friendly, hostile, reverse, or back-flip takeovers. Friendly takeovers happen when the people in charge of the company agree with being taken over. Hostile takeovers happen when they don't agree. Reverse takeovers are when a private company takes over a .. Back-flip takeovers happen when the acquiring company becomes a part of the target company.

Extracurricular activity

An extracurricular activity or extra academic activity (EAA) is an activity, performed by students, that is not part of the normal curriculum of school, college or university education.

These activities are often voluntary (as opposed to mandatory), social, philanthropic, and often involve other people of the same age. Students and staff run these activities under faculty sponsorship. Activities created by students, such as independent newspapers, are also very common.


Student publication

A student publication is a type of media such as a newspaper, magazine, television show, or radio station that is created by students at a school. They often have news about their city and school, but they may also have news on national or international events too. Most student publications are either part of a curricular class or run as an extracurricular activity.


Ovillers-la-Boisselle

Ovillers-la-Boisselle is a commune. It is in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Nenzing

Nenzing is a market town in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


João Gilberto

João Gilberto Prado Pereira de Oliveira (10 June 1931 – 6 July 2019) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He is known for developing the music genre of bossa nova in the late 1950s. He wrote the first bossa nova song, titled "Bim-Bom". Gilberto and Antônio Carlos Jobim were helpful in making bossa nova popular. In 1964, Gilberto and American saxophonist Stan Getz released the album "Getz/Gilberto". The album won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year.

Gilberto was born in Juazeiro, Bahia. On 6 July 2019, he died after an illness at his apartment in Rio de Janeiro. He was 88.

Arman Kirakossian

Arman Kirakossian (; 10 September 1956 – 6 July 2019) was an Armenian diplomat and historian. At the time of his death in July 2019, he was Ambassador of Armenia to the United Kingdom since November 2018. He was also Ambassador of Armenia to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), as well as Greece (1994–1999), the United States (1999–2005) and Austria (2011–2018). He was acting Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 1993.

Kirakossian was born in Yerevan. He died on 6 July 2019 in London, at the age of 62.

Parviz Jalayer

Parviz Jalayer (‎; 6 October 1939 – 6 July 2019) was an Iranian weightlifter. He was born in Tehran. He competed at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, winning silver medal in 1968. In 1966, he won a gold medal at the Asian Games and a bronze at the World Championships. After retiring from competitions, he worked as a weightlifting coach.

Jalayer died on 6 July 2019, at the age of 79.


Shukrayaan-1

Shukrayaan-1 (शुक्रयान-१ or Venus craft) is a orbiter to Venus by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) to study the surface and atmosphere of Venus. It is not known whether it will actually happen, this is just an idea.

In 2017 there was enough money to do research about doing this mission. If all of the costs are paid for, then this mission will launch in the early 2020s. The Government of India, in 2017–18 gave the Department of Space a 23% increase in money. Under the space sciences section, the money is for "for Mars Orbiter Mission II and Mission to Venus".

From 2016 to 2017, ISRO worked together with JAXA to study the atmosphere of Venus using signals from the Akatsuki Venus orbiter. ISRO and France (CNES) are talking about working together on this mission and jointly develop aerobraking technologies.

Tribune Publishing

Tribune Publishing Company (formerly Tronc, Inc.) is an American newspaper print and online media publishing company based in Chicago, Illinois. The company's portfolio includes the "Chicago Tribune", the "New York Daily News", "The Baltimore Sun", the "Orlando Sentinel", South Florida's "Sun-Sentinel", the "Hartford Courant", more newspapers in Pennsylvania and Virginia, and websites.

Federal Highway Administration

The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) is a part of the United States Department of Transportation. It focuses on highway transportation. The Office of Road Inquiry, Office of Public Roads, and the Bureau of Public Roads used to do its duties.


Pearson plc

Pearson plc is a British multinational publishing and education company. They are headquartered in London. It was created as a construction business in the 1840s, but they changed to publishing in the 1920s. It is the biggest education company, and it was once the largest book publisher in the world.


General Dynamics

General Dynamics Corporation (GD) is an American aerospace and defense multinational corporation. They were created by mergers and divestitures. As of 2019, it was the fifth-largest defense contractor in the United States, and the sixth-largest in the world, by sales. The company is number 92 in the 2019 Fortune 500 list of the biggest United States corporations by total revenue. It is headquartered in West Falls Church, Fairfax County, Virginia.

Dominique Mbonyumutwa

Dominique Mbonyumutwa (January 1921 – 26 July 1986) was a Rwandan politician who served on an interim basis as the first President of Rwanda, from 1 January to 1960 to 26 October 1961, following the abolition of the Rwandan monarchy. He took over by overthrowing the monarchy under King Kigali V Ndahindurwa and declaring Rwanda a republic, resulting in the 1961 referendum.

Mbonyumutwa was of Hutu ethnicity and was respected by the population both before and after his presidency. On 1 November 1959, while serving as a "sous-chef" (equivalent to a district mayor today), he was assaulted by a group of Tutsi youth in Byimana in Southern Province. This incident triggered the "social revolution" of November 1959, which eventually brought down the monarchy while driving hundreds of thousands of Rwandan Tutsi into decades-long exile.

Mbonyumutwa was succeeded as president by Grégoire Kayibanda a few months before Rwanda's independence. After his presidency, he maintained a position in Rwandan politics by serving as the Vice President of Rwandan and holds an honorary position as Chancellor of National Orders in service of later president Juvenal Habyarimana. He died in July 1986 in Belgium and was buried in Gitarama Stadium, the site where the Republic was proclaimed in 1961, as a recognition to the country. In 2010 his remains were exhumed and reburied in a public cemetery due to the plans to redevelop the stadium.

Osawatomie, Kansas

Osawatomie is a city in Miami County, Kansas, United States. it is southwest of Kansas City. In 2020, 4,255 people lived there. Its name is a portmanteau from two streams nearby, the Osage and Potawatomie.

Osawatomie is at (38.501650, -94.950799), along the Marais des Cygnes River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The census of 2020 says there were 4,255 people, 1,562 households, and 1,023 families living in the city. Of the households, 55.3% owned their home and 44.7% rented their home.

The median age was 36.1 years. Of the people, 87.4% were White, 3.2% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 7.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were4.3% of the people.

The census of 2010 says there were 4,447 people, 1,644 households, and 1,075 families living in the city.

The Osawatomie government has a mayor and eight council members. The council meets the 2nd and 4th Thursday of each month at 6:30PM.

Kansas City Public Library

The Kansas City Public Library is a public library system in the Central Library in Kansas City, Missouri. It was created on December 5, 1873.

The Cat Returns

The Cat Returns is a 2002 Japanese fantasy adventure movie. It was directed by Hiroyuki Morita and produced by Studio Ghibli.

Rocco Siffredi

Rocco Siffredi (born Rocco Antonio Tano; 4 May 1964) is an Italian pornographic actor, director and producer of pornographic movies.

Siffredi met porn actor Leonardo Codazzo in a French sex club in 1985 and was introduced to producer Marco and director Michela, who cast him in his first pornographic role, "Attention fillettes..." ("Watch Out, Little Girls...") in 1987, in which he performed anal sex. Siffredi then stepped away from porn and worked as a fashion model, but returned to the business after two years with the help of porn actress Teresa Orlowski. Siffredi went on to perform in both plot-based and gonzo-style pornography, with styles of sex ranging from ordinary to extreme. However, it was Siffredi's performances involving anal sex and anilingus, as well as rough sex and his psychological intensity and athleticism, which earned him recognition and ultimately a cult following. Through collaboration with John Stagliano's Evil Angel studio and then his own Budapest-based Rocco Siffredi Produzioni as both a performer and director, Siffredi became one of the most powerful and recognizable personalities in pornography. "Rocco has far more power in this industry than any actress," Stagliano commented in 2001. Siffredi has credited Stagliano with being his mentor through all 30 years of his career. With 31 years he got a circumcision.



List of awards and nominations received by Rocco Siffredi

The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Italian pornographic actor, director and producer Rocco Siffredi throughout his pornographic career.


Ashurst LLP

Ashurst LLP is a multinational law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom. 

Ashurst is the UK's 11th largest law firm by revenue, according to the latest Legal 100 table by Legal Business. It has 25 offices in 15 countries across Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East and North America and employs around 1,600 legal advisers.

Its principal business focus is mergers and acquisitions, corporate and structured finance. The firm also practices in other areas including investment funds, antitrust, energy, transport and infrastructure, intellectual property, IT, dispute resolution, financial services, tax, real estate, regulatory, telecommunication and employment.


List of monarchs of Lesotho

This is a list of monarchs of Lesotho.



Cameron Boyce

Cameron Mica Boyce (May 28, 1999 – July 6, 2019) was an American actor, who appeared in a number of films and television shows through his career. He was known for his roles in the feature films "Mirrors", "Eagle Eye", "Grown Ups", and "Grown Ups 2", and for playing the character Carlos in the "Descendants" television films, as well as for his starring roles as Luke Ross on the Disney Channel comedy series "Jessie" and as Conor on the Disney XD series "Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything".

Boyce was born on May 28, 1999, in Los Angeles, California.

In a span of 40 days in 2017, Boyce helped raise over $27,000 for the Thirst Project, which helps bring clean water to underdeveloped countries.

According to a statement by Boyce's family, on July 6, 2019, Boyce died in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles "due to a seizure which was a result of an ongoing medical condition for which he was being treated". The ongoing condition was later determined to be epilepsy.


List of prime ministers of Lesotho

This is a list of prime ministers of Lesotho since the creation of the post of Prime Minister of Lesotho in 1965, to the present day.

Antonio Alonso Martinez

Antonio Alonso Martinez (born 29 April, 1963) is a Portuguese-Spanish painter and multidisciplinary artist based in Lisbon, Portugal. Martinez argues that humanity will find their own spiritual reality which has been the theme of his work since the mid-80s.
Martinez was born in Oeiras, Portugal, in 1963, to Spanish parents. He chose Spanish nationality in 1978. In Lisbon, he attended (Ar.Co) where he graduated in Fine arts in 1985. During his years at the Ar.Co, Martinez co-authored the "Manifest of the Multi-instrumentalist Painting" which was published in the Portuguese national newspaper, "Jornal de Letras, Artes e Ideias" on 26 June 1984. This manifest was accompanied by an exhibition at the , creating enthusiasm among the new artists and critics.
Martinez started his professional career as a painter in his early 20s. His paintings are inspired by his belief that humanity will find their spiritual reality on their own. Martinez's painting were exhibited at Galician Cultural Centre in Lisbon, in 1988, in his first solo show. In 1989, his paintings were exhibited at the National Society of Fine Arts, Lisbon in a solo as well as in a group exhibition.”.

Martinez was awarded with "Paul VI Centre Art Prize" by the Sanctuary of Fátima in 1990 where his works are the part of the permanent collections for public display. In 1990 and 1991, his works were exhibited in the solo exhibitions entitled "Altarpieces" at Galeria Monumental, Lisbon and Módulo Centro Difusor de Arte, Porto respectively. Between 1992 and 1998, Martinez's paintings were exhibited in various solo and group exhibitions around Europe including at Guimaraes, Lisbon, Rouen, Sintra, Haute-Vienne and Saint-Malo.

In January 2011, one of his works - "Portrait of Kurt Cobain (Retrato de Kurt Cobain)" - reached the second highest value in the sale of contemporary art at the Austrian auction house, Dorotheum. In September 2012, another portrait of Kurt Cobain by Martinez was sold at Christie's in London. In January 2013, in Warsaw one of his works - "Diana" - reached the highest value on the auction at Forbes Millionaires Club.


Ryan Driller

Ryan Driller (born Adam Cuculich August 17, 1982) is an American pornographic actor, director, and model that has appeared in both straight and gay pornography.

Driller entered the adult film industry after reaching out to agents about performing and receiving replies. He has performed in straight pornography under the name "Ryan Driller" and in gay pornography under the name "Jeremy Bilding". He appeared in an episode of "The Burn with Jeff Ross", in which Ross did a comedy skit during one of Driller's porn shoots.


Donetsk

Donetsk is an important city in the eastern part of Ukraine, in the center of Donbas. It is the administrative center of Donetsk Oblast. Before the War in Donbas, which started 2014, about 1.1 million people lived in the city and its surroundings. 

Donetsk is important for the industry in Ukraine. Before the war, it was the fifth-biggest city of the country. From 1924 to 1961, the city was called Stalino, before 1924 its name was Jusowka, named after its founder, John Hughes. Hughes founded a metallurgic factory in 1869. The factory soon developed into the city of modern-day Donetsk. Most people in Donetsk use Russian in everyday life. According to a census, about 48 percent were Ukrainians, and about 46 percent Russians.

Ora Namir

Ora Namir (‎; 1 September 1930 – 7 July 2019) was an Israeli politician and diplomat. She was born in Hadera. During her political career, she was a member of the Alignment, the Israeli Labor Party and One Nation. She served as a member of the Knesset from 1974 to 1996. She held the positions of Minister of the Environment and Minister of Labour and Social Welfare during the 1990s. She was also the country's ambassador to China and Mongolia from 1996 to 2000.

Namir died in Tel Aviv on 7 July 2019, at the age of 88.


List of awards and nominations received by Ryan Driller

Ryan Driller (born Adam Cuculich August 17, 1982) is an American pornographic actor, director, and model that has appeared in both straight and gay pornography.


2008 Lincolnshire earthquake

The 2008 Lincolnshire earthquake occurred on the 27th of February 2008. This earthquake was measured on the Richter scale at 3.9. People near the epicentre could feel this quake. Only one person was injured and there were no deaths due to the earthquake. This affected the United Kingdom. The depth of the earthquake was 18,600m. It is said to have happened at 23:14 on a Saturday and is estimated to have lasted for 10 seconds. It was mainly felt in Lincolnshire and Hull.

Tom Thabane

Thomas Motsoahae "Tom" Thabane (born 28 May 1939) is a Mosotho politician who was Prime Minister of Lesotho from June 2017 until May 2020. Previously he was Prime Minister from June 2012 to March 2015. He is leader of the All Basotho Convention (ABC) political party.

In 2020, Thabane came under pressure to step down due to his alleged involvement in his ex-wife's murder. Thabane resigned on 20 May 2020. Finance minister Moeketsi Majoro succeeded him.

Bartholomäberg

Bartholomäberg is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Sutopo Purwo Nugroho

Sutopo Purwo Nugroho (7 October 1969 – 7 July 2019) was an Indonesian civil servant and academic. He was born in Boyolali, Central Java. He served as the head of public relations for the Indonesian National Board for Disaster Management (BNPB). He began working for the government in 1994, and became a full member of the BNPB in 2010. He also taught at the University of Indonesia, Bogor Agricultural Institute and Indonesia Defence University.

Nugroho died of lung cancer on 7 July 2019 in Guangzhou, China. He was 49.

Sardis

Sardis was one of the most important cities of the Persian Empire. It is in the modern-day Sart, near Salihli, in Turkey's Manisa Province.

Randy Bass

Randy William Bass (born March 13, 1954) is an American former baseball player. He is less notable for his career in Major League Baseball than for his success in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hanshin Tigers.

Bass came up with the Minnesota Twins as a first baseman in 1977. In his six seasons in the Major Leagues he was never a day-to-day player, usually coming off the bench just to pinch hit. After his contract expired following the 1982 season, Bass signed with the Hanshin Tigers who made him their starting first baseman. Bass is often credited with single-handedly turning around the fortunes of the Tigers, which ultimately resulted in the team's pennant run and Japan Series title in 1985.

Bass adapted quickly to Japanese pitching, hitting 35 home runs in his first season in 1983, and became the Tigers' star slugger for several seasons. He won four consecutive league batting titles; in 1986, he nearly became the first player in Japan to bat .400, finishing the season with a .389 average. Bass won consecutive batting Triple Crowns (1985 and 1986).

Consumer

In economics, a consumer is a person or organization that uses services, goods, or commodities.

A consumer is a person that buys a good for consumption. They don't buy goods to sell them again. The consumer is a person who pays money needed to buy goods and services produced. Consumers are important in the economic system of a country. Without consumer demand, producers don't have a reason to produce. A producer's main reason to produce is to sell things to consumers. The consumer is also part of the chain of distribution.


U.S. Route 24

U.S. Route 24 (US 24) is a United States highway. It was one of the first United States highways of 1926. It originally ran from Pontiac, Michigan, in the East to Kansas City, Missouri, in the West. Today, the highway's Eastern end is in Independence Township, Michigan. It is at an intersection with I-75. The Western end is near Minturn, Colorado. 

It is at an intersection with I-70. The highway goes East–West in Toledo, Ohio.

Wilco

Wilco is an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois. The band was created in 1994 by the last members of alternative country group Uncle Tupelo after singer Jay Farrar quit the band.


Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism

The Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks, and Tourism (KDWPT) is a state cabinet-level agency. It is led by a Secretary of Wildlife and Parks appointed by the Governor of Kansas. The Office of the Secretary is in Topeka. A seven-member, bipartisan commission, also appointed by the Governor, advises the Secretary and approves regulations about outdoor recreation and fish and wildlife in Kansas. KDWPT has about 420 full-time employees in five divisions: Executive Services, Administrative Services, Fisheries and Wildlife, Law Enforcement, and Parks. At full staffing, KDWPT Law Enforcement Division (Kansas Game Wardens) has 83 positions.

Fish and game laws were started in the state of Kansas in the form of the Kansas Fish and Game Department in 1905. On July 1, 2011, the Division of Travel and Tourism was given from the Kansas Department of Commerce to the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks. The agency is known as the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks, and Tourism.


Kansas State Cabinet

The Kansas State Cabinet is part of the executive branch of the government of the U.S. state of Kansas. It has the appointed leaders of the Kansas state executive departments.

The Kansas State Cabinet, under current Governor Laura Kelly, consists of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas, the Adjutant General, the Superintendent of Highway Patrol, and eleven departments each headed by a Secretary.

The current Kansas State Cabinet, serving under Governor of Kansas Laura Kelly, is:


King of Cambodia

This is a complete list of Kings, Heads of State and Presidents of Cambodia


The Angkor Wat was built.


From 1177 to 1181, Cham invasion and period of anarchy.


The throne was vacant from 1353 to 1362.


From 1369 to 1375, Siam ruled. From 1369 to 1371, the throne was vacant.


In the 14th century, ownership of Cambodia passed to Siam, until 1389.


In 1431, Siam defeated and crushed the Angkorean Empire. Nonetheless, The monarchy is not harmed, and Siam withdrawed. The capital (and the royal family) moved from Angkor to Phnom Penh.


In 1594, the Siamese captured Phnom Penh, yet the monarchy continued to rule.




List of unincorporated communities in Kansas

List of unincorporated communities in the U.S. state of Kansas, sorted by county. 

On the right is a clickable map of the counties in Kansas.











































































































Frederick, Kansas

Frederick is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. In 2010, 18 people lived there. In 2020, only 8 people lived there.

Frederick became a city in 1909. It was a shipping point at the junction of the Missouri Patfic and the St. Louis & San Francisco railroads.

A post office was opened in Frederick (also spelled historically Frederic) in 1887. It stayed until 1954.

In July 2015, government officials said they were considering un-incorporating the city. As of August 2015, for the first time in nearly 130 years, the city doesn't have a city council. There was also no one who ran for mayor in April 2015. The future of Frederick is unknown because Rice County isn't able to un-incorporate the city. State law says that residents must bring a petition to the city council. Then a special election will be called for a vote. Since there isn't a city council, it can't happen.

In November 2016, the community voted on whether to un-incorporate Frederick. Election workers at the Eureka Township voting location made a mistake. They accidentally gave the wrong ballots to township residents who didn't actually live in Frederick. 20 people voted. 13 voted to keep the city, but only 9 people live in Frederick. The mistake was noticed more than a week after the vote was certified. There is only a 5 day window to contest a vote. Because of this, Kansas Law kept the results. Frederick is still a city.

In November 2017, another ballot issue was voted on whether to un-incorporate the city. The vote was 2-2.

Frederick is at (38.513108, -98.267756). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The census of 2010 says there were 18 people, 8 households, and 6 families living in the city. The population density was . There were 10 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% White.

There were 8 households of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were married couples living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 50.1% were from 45 to 64; and 5.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

The census of 2000 says there were 11 people, 7 households, and 3 families living in the city. The population density was 57.1 people per square mile (22.4/km²). There were 7 housing units at an average density of 36.3 per square mile (14.2/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% White.

There were 7 households out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the city, the population was spread out with 54.5% from 45 to 64, and 45.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $20,845. None of the population and none of the families were below the poverty line.


New Democrats

New Democrats are a group with moderate political beliefs within the Democratic Party of the United States. They are sometimes called the "Third Way" group in the party. They often support both social liberalism and economic liberalism. New Democrats controlled the party from the late-1980s through the mid-2010s. They are also called centrist Democrats, Clinton Democrats, or moderate Democrats, 

Patricia Gallerneau

Patricia Gallerneau ("née" Sérézat; 9 September 1954 – 7 July 2019) was a French politician. She was a member of the Democratic Movement. She was elected to the National Assembly in June 2017, serving until two days before her death in July 2019. She represented the department of Vendée. She was born in the 20th arrondissement of Paris.

Gallerneau died of cancer on 7 July 2019, at the age of 64.

Kyriakos Mitsotakis

Kyriakos Mitsotakis (; born 4 March 1968) is a Greek politician. He became Prime Minister of Greece on 8 July 2019. Mitsotakis is the President of the New Democracy party. He briefly left office in May 2023. He returned to office on 26 June 2023, after winning the general election.

He is the son of former Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Mitsotakis has been a member of the Hellenic Parliament since 2004. He served as Minister of Administrative Reform from 2013 to 2015.


List of prime ministers of Guinea

The following is a list of prime ministers of Guinea, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister in 1972.




List of heads of state of Afghanistan

This article lists the heads of state of Afghanistan since the foundation of the first Afghan state, the Hotak Empire, in 1709.

Hotak Empire (1709–1738)
Durrani Empire (1747–1823)
Emirate of Afghanistan (1823–1926)
Kingdom of Afghanistan (1926–1929)
Saqqawist Emirate and the 1928–1929 civil war
Kingdom of Afghanistan (restored; 1929–1973)
Some rulers tried to take advantage of internal conflicts in Afghanistan to claim the throne. However, their rule was limited only to certain areas.


Herman Boone

Herman Ike Boone (October 28, 1935 – December 18, 2019) was an American high school football coach. 

In 1971, he coached the T. C. Williams High School in Alexandria, Virginia to a successful season. The team went 13–0 during the season, achieved the state championship and were the national championship runners-up. The 2000 movie "Remember the Titans" is loosely based off the school's 1971 football season. Boone was played by Denzel Washington in the movie.

Boone was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. He was married to Carol Boone and had three daughters. Boone died on December 18, 2019 in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 84. The cause was lung cancer.

R.I.P.D.

R.I.P.D. or Rest in Peace Department is a 2013 American science fiction action comedy movie starring Jeff Bridges and Ryan Reynolds. Robert Schwentke directed the movie based on a screenplay adapted from the comic book "R.I.P.D" by Peter M. Lenkov. The movie also stars Kevin Bacon, Mary-Louise Parker, Stéphanie Szostak, and Marisa Miller.


2018–19 NHL season

The 2018–19 NHL season was the 102nd season of operation (101st season of play) of the National Hockey League. 31 teams competed in an 82-game regular season. The regular season began on October 3, 2018, and ended on April 6, 2019. The 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 10, 2019, and the Stanley Cup Finals concluded on June 12, 2019, with the Colorado Avalanche winning their first Stanley Cup in 22 years over the Pittsburgh Penguins in six games.

Tie Breakers:<br>
1. Fewer number of games played<br>
2. Greater Regulation + OT Wins (ROW)<br>
3. Greatest number of points earned in head-to-head play (If teams played an uneven number of head-to-head games, the result of the first game on the home ice of the team with the extra home game is discarded.)<br>
4. Greater Goal differential

The following players led the league in regular season points at the conclusion of games played on April 6, 2019.

The following goaltenders led the league in regular season goals against average at the conclusion of games played on April 6, 2019, while playing at least 1,800 minutes.

The league's awards will be presented at the NHL Awards ceremony, to be held following the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs at a site to be determined. Finalists for voted awards are announced during the playoffs and winners are presented at the award ceremony. Voting will conclude immediately after the end of the regular season. The Presidents' Trophy, the Prince of Wales Trophy and Clarence S. Campbell Bowl are not presented at the awards ceremony. The Lester Patrick Trophy is announced during the summer and presented in the fall.

The following is a list of notable players who played their first NHL game during the 2018–19 season, listed with their first team.


List of Old World monkey species

Old World monkeys are all simian primates. They are more closely related to the apes than they are to New World monkeys.

"To learn what a Taxon Classification is, see Taxonomy (biology)"



List of New World monkey species

New World monkeys are all simian primates. They are endemic to South and Central America.

"To learn what a Taxon Classification is, see Taxonomy (biology)".


List of heads of state of Niger

This is a list of heads of state of Niger since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.

A total of nine people have served as head of state of Niger.

As of 28 July 2023, the presidency is disputed between Omar Tchiani, the chairman of a military junta calling itself the National Council for the Safeguard of the Homeland (CNSP) following a coup that removed President Mohamed Bazoum from power, and Bazoum's Foreign Minister, Hassoumi Massaoudou, who declared himself acting leader.






List of presidents of Burundi

This article lists the presidents of Burundi since the formation of the post of President of Burundi in 1966 (following the November coup d'état), to the present day.

A total of eight people have served as President of Burundi (not counting one Acting President and one head of state in rebellion). Additionally, one person, Pierre Buyoya, has served on two non-consecutive occasions.

Pierre Nkurunziza was president, elected in 2005, however he died in office in 2020.





List of presidents of Guinea

The following is a list of presidents of Guinea, since the country gained independence from France in 1958 (after rejecting to join the French Community in a constitutional referendum).





List of colonial governors of Ruanda-Urundi

This is a list of European colonial administrators responsible for the territory of Ruanda-Urundi, an area equivalent to modern-day Rwanda and Burundi. Ruanda-Urundi formed part of German East Africa until it was captured by Belgian forces during World War I. After that, the territory became a League of Nations mandate, and later a United Nations trust territory, under Belgian control, until 1962 when the constituent parts of the territory became independent.

For residents of the subregion of Ruanda, see List of colonial residents of Rwanda.

For residents of the subregion of Urundi, see List of colonial residents of Burundi.

For continuation after independence, see: Kings of Burundi and Presidents of Rwanda


Drimys winteri

Drimys winteri (Winter's bark or canelo) is a Chilean tree from (Winteraceae).
"Drimys" has six species, including D.andina, D.confertifolia, D.winteri, D fernandeziana 

Pseudowintera is closed to them.

"Foikeulia razowskii", a species of Tortricidae, feeds on leaves of "D.winteri"


President of the United Arab Emirates

The President of the United Arab Emirates is the head of state of the United Arab Emirates. Officially, he is elected every five years by the Federal Supreme Council, but because the emir (leader) of Abu Dhabi customarily also holds the presidency of the UAE, the office is "de facto" hereditary. The President is also Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces and Chairman of the Supreme Council and Supreme Petroleum Council.


Port Arthur Marrs

The Port Arthur Marrs were a junior ice hockey team that played in Port Arthur, Ontario (now part of the city of Thunder Bay). They were named for trucking company and sponsor W.H. Marr, Ltd., and contested the 1967 Memorial Cup, which they lost to the Toronto Marlboros.

The Marrs played out of the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League of Hockey Northwestern Ontario. They became the "Thunder Bay Marrs" in 1970 and then the "Thunder Bay Case Eagles" in 1971.

The North Stars folded on July 6, 1980, when the TBAHA left them with no league to play in.


TBJHL Champions:
Abbott Cup Champions:
Abbott Cup Finalists:
Memorial Cup Finalists:

Juniors
Flyers
North Stars
PA Marrs
TB Marrs


Gary Duncan

Gary Duncan (born Gary Ray Grubb, September 4, 1946 – June 29, 2019), also known as Gary Cole, was an American guitarist and singer. He is best remembered as a member of San Francisco psychedelic rock group Quicksilver Messenger Service. He was also a member of the Ratz and the Brogues. Duncan was born in San Diego, California and grew up in Woodland.

In June 2019, Duncan had a seizure after he had a "severe fall and hit his head." He died on June 29, 2019 in Woodland, California. He was 72.

Baldwin City, Kansas

Baldwin City is a city in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. It is about south of Lawrence. It is about west of Gardner. In 2020, 4,826 people lived there. The city has Baker University. It is Kansas's oldest four-year university.

Baldwin City started as a trail stop on the Santa Fe Trail. It was called Palmyra. It had a harness shop, blacksmith, hotel, lawyer, drug store, two doctors and a tavern. In 1858, a group of Methodist ministers came together at Kibbee Cabin and created Baker University. Palmyra bought land to the south for the university and the city. The first post office was built in June 1857.

An important person for Baldwin City was John Baldwin. They named the town "Baldwin City" to honor him. Baldwin built a saw mill. It was at present-day Fifth Street and Indiana Street. Baldwin City was incorporated on September 22, 1870.

Baldwin City was affected by the events that led up to the American Civil War. Three miles east of Baldwin was the town of Black Jack. The Battle of Black Jack happened there on June 2, 1856. The night before that battle, John Brown stayed in Prairie City. In 1863, Quantrill's raiders passed within three miles (5 km) of Baldwin after the burning Lawrence.

Baldwin City is at (38.777597, -95.187418). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of . of that is land and is water.

Baldwin City's climate has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Baldwin City has a humid subtropical climate. It is abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Baldwin City is part of the Lawrence Metropolitan Statistical Area.

In 2020, there were 4,826 people, 1,651 households, and 1,085 families living in Kansas. Of the households, 65.1% owned their home and 34.9% rented their home. Children under age 18 lived in 34.5% of the households. The median age was 31.5 years. Of the people, 87.7% were White, 2.0% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.6% were from some other race and 6.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.3% of the people.

In 2010, there were 4,515 people, 1,501 households, and 1,011 families living in Lawrence. The people were 93.4% White, 2.1% African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.6% from other races, and 2.7% from two or more races. 3.0% of people were Hispanic or Latino.

There were 1,501 households. 37.5% of them had children under 18 years old; 52.6% of them had married people; 10.2% had only a woman as the main person (with no man); 4.5% had only a man as the main person (with no woman); 32.6% were not families. 26.8% were people living alone, and 12.1% were people over 65 years old living alone. The average number of people living in a household was 2.54. The average number of people in a family was 3.08.

24.3% of the people were under 18 years old; 20.9% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 22.9% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 20.1% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 11.9% were 65 years old or older. 51.5% of the people were women, and 48.5% of the people were men.

In 2000, there were 3,400 people, 1,077 households, and 774 families living in Lawrence. The people were 93.62% White, 1.12% African American, 0.74% Native American, 0.62% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.38% from other races, and 3.47% from two or more races. 1.62% of people were Hispanic or Latino.

There were 1,077 households. 39.6% of them had children under 18 years old; 57.8% of them had married people; 10.4% had only a woman as the main person (with no man); 28.1% were not families. 24.8% were people living alone, and 10.0% were people over 65 years old living alone. The average number of people living in a household was 2.59. The average number of people in a family was 3.10.

25.3% of the people were under 18 years old; 21.8% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 24.2% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 17.4% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 11.2% were 65 years old or older. 51.5% of the people were women, and 48.5% of the people were men. The median age was 28 years old. 51.2% of the people were women, and 48.8% of the people were men.

The median income for a household was $43,269. The median income for a family was $51,667. Men had a median income of $37,111. Women had a median income of $25,850. The per capita income was $16,698. About 5.6% of families and 7.6% of all people in Baldwin City lived below the poverty line. This included 11.0% of children under 18 years old and 5.7% of people over 65 years old.

The Baldwin City government has a mayor and five council members. The council meets the first and third Mondays of each month at 7:00pm.

The USD 348 School District is in Baldwin City. They have most students in southern Douglas County. It has four schools in Baldwin City (Baldwin Elementary, Baldwin Intermediate, Baldwin Junior High, and Baldwin High School). On December 13, 2010, the Board of Education voted to close the schools in Vinland and Worden at the end of the 2010-2011 school year.

Baldwin City has Baker University. It is a liberal arts university created in 1858 by United Methodist ministers. It is the oldest four-year university in Kansas. It has been coed since it was created.

Baldwin City had a newspaper, the "Baldwin City Sign". It stopped publishing in 2015. It was moved to the "Lawrence Journal-World".



Namesake

A namesake is a person named after another person. In general, a thing (such as a company, place, ship, building, or idea) named after a person or thing that first had the name.

Naming a child after a relative, friend, or well-known person is common in the English-speaking world. When a son is named for his father, they add "Jr."/"II", "III'", or another suffix to the name of the son.

Buildings, such as the Trump Tower (named after Donald Trump, and companies, like the Ford Motor Company (named after Henry Ford, are often named for their founders or owners. A city may be named after someone. For example, Lawrence, Kansas is named after Amos Adams Lawrence.

Jefferson, North Carolina

Jefferson is a town in Ashe County, North Carolina, United States. In 2020, 1,622 people lived there. It is the county seat of Ashe County.

Jefferson is at .

The United States Census Bureau says that the town has a total area of . Of that, , or 0.20%, is water. The New River, which is part of the Ohio River. It is one of the oldest in the eastern United States, and it goes through the town.

Gretna, Louisiana

Gretna is the second-largest city in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States. Gretna is on the west bank of the Mississippi River. It is just east and across the river from uptown New Orleans. It is part of the New Orleans–Metairie–Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2020, 17,814 people lived there.

Gretna was created in 1836. It was called Mechanicsham.

Gretna is at (29.916459, -90.054260) and has an elevation of 
behind the levee along the Mississippi River.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and (10.2%) is water.

Collier's Encyclopedia

Collier's Encyclopedia (full title: Collier's Encyclopedia with Bibliography and Index) was a United States-based general encyclopedia. It was published by Crowell, Collier and Macmillan. It said it was "a scholarly, systematic, continuously revised summary of the knowledge that is most significant to mankind". Many people believed it was one of the three major contemporary English-language general encyclopedias, together with "Encyclopedia Americana" and "Encyclopædia Britannica". They three were sometimes collectively called "the ABCs".

Tongue-in-cheek

The idiom tongue-in-cheek is used about a statement that is funny or sarcastic. It is not meant to be taken seriously.

The phrase first meant contempt. By 1842, it got its modern meaning. Early users of the phrase include Sir Walter Scott in his 1828 "The Fair Maid of Perth".

Political party strength in Kansas

The following table indicates the party of elected officials in the U.S. state of Kansas:

The table also indicates the historical party composition in the:

For years in which a presidential election was held, the table indicates which party's nominees received the state's electoral votes.

The parties are as follows: (D), (Farm. All./P), (R), and .


Republican In Name Only

Republican In Name Only or RINO is a word for people who are in the Republican Party of the United States but believe things and want to pass laws that are different from most Republicans. RINO is a pejorative term, meaning it is an insult that other Republicans or conservatives use for people whom they think should not count as Republican.
In the 1800s and 1900s people said "republican in name only" when talking about governments of countries that said they let people elect their own leaders, like in a real republic, but really ruled regardless of what the people wanted.

When Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft both wanted to become the Republican candidate for President of the United States in the early 1900s, they accused each other of being "Republican in Name Only." When he was President, Franklin Roosevelt called Republicans who supported the New Deal "Me Too Republicans" and claimed they were just promising to do what he was already doing. Today, people call the Me Too Republicans Republican in Name Only.

In 1964, Senator Barry Goldwater refused to run for President as a moderate because "Extremism in the pursuit of justice is no vice and moderation in the service of conscience is no virtue." 

In 1976, Ronald Reagan challenged President Gerald Ford for the nomination of the Republican Party to run for President and insisted on a conservative platform instead of Ford's moderate position. 

In 1993, an article in a newspaper claimed that President Bill Clinton should be pleased that the United States Congress was being won by Democrats and RINOs.

Arthur Ryan

Arthur Ryan (1935 – 8 July 2019) was an Irish businessman. He was known as the founder of Primark. In 2009, Ryan gave up his day-to-day control of the firm as chief executive but became chairman instead. Ryan was born in Dublin.

Ryan died at the age of 83 following from a short illness in Dublin.

CSX

CSX is a United States-based holding company and is the primary freight and rail company in North America. The company formed as a merger of many smaller rail companies over the years. It became known as CSX in 1980.

Creuse (disambiguation)

Creuse can mean:


Vendée (disambiguation)

Vendée can mean:

Var

Var or VAR can mean:

Emory, Texas

Emory is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Rains County.

Sanderson, Texas

Sanderson is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Terrell County, Texas, United States. The population was 664 at the 2020 census. Sanderson was created in 1882 as a part of neighboring Pecos County. It became the seat of Terrell County in 1905.

Farwell, Texas

Farwell is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Parmer County.

Yusei Kikuchi

He is the first Japanese-born player to make his major league debut in Japan.

On November 20, 2009, Kikuchi signed a pro deal with the Saitama Seibu Lions; the deal included a 100 million yen (about $1 million) signing bonus, a 15 million yen ($150,000) first year salary, and 50 million yen ($500,000) in performance bonuses.

After the 2011 season, Seibu announced that Kikuchi would join the Melbourne Aces of the Australian Baseball League (ABL).

In 2018, Kikuchi was selected for the 2018 NPB All-Star game.

On December 3, 2018, Seibu announced it was allowing Kikuchi to enter the posting system to play in Major League Baseball (MLB), with the 30-day period starting a month later.

On January 2, 2019, Kikuchi signed a four-year contract with the Seattle Mariners. Kikuchi made his MLB debut on March 21, 2019, going 4.2 innings while allowing 2 runs (1 earned) and striking out 3.

On March 14, 2022, Kikuchi signed a three-year, $36 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays.

Allan Octavian Hume

Allan Octavian Hume, CB ICS (4 June 1829 – 31 July 1912) was a member of the Imperial Civil Service (later the Indian Civil Service), a political reformer, collector of Madurai & administrator southern Bombay harbour ports. He was one of the founders of the Indian National Congress. A notable ornithologist, Hume has been called "the Father of Indian Ornithology" and, by those who found him dogmatic, "the Pope of Indian ornithology".

As an administrator of Etawah, he saw the Indian Rebellion of 1857 as a result of misgovernance and made great efforts to improve the lives of the common people. The district of Etawah was among the first to be returned to normality and over the next few years Hume's reforms led to the district being considered a model of development. Hume rose in the ranks of the Indian Civil Service and, in 1871 to the position of secretary to the Department of Revenue, Agriculture, and Commerce under Governor-General Lord Mayo.

He left India in 1894 to live in London from where he continued to take an interest in the Indian National Congress. After retiring from the civil services and towards the end of Lord Lytton's rule, Hume observed that the people of India had a sense of hopelessness and wanted to do something, noting "a sudden violent outbreak of sporadic crime, murders of obnoxious persons, robbery of bankers and looting of bazaars, acts really of lawlessness which by a due coalescence of forces might any day develop into a National Revolt." Concerning the British government, he stated that a studied and invariable disregard, if not actually contempt for the opinions and feelings of our subjects, is at the present day the leading characteristic of our government in every branch of the administration.
The idea of the Indian Union took shape and Hume initially had some support from Lord Dufferin for this, although the latter wished to have no official link to it. It has been suggested that the idea was originally conceived in a private meeting of seventeen men after a Theosophical Convention held at Madras in December 1884. Hume took the initiative, and it was in March 1885, when the first notice was issued convening the first Indian National Union to meet at Poona the following December.

He attempted to increase the Congress base by bringing in more farmers, townspeople and Muslims between 1886 and 1887 and this created a backlash from the British, leading to backtracking by the Congress. Hume was disappointed when Congress opposed moves to raise the age of marriage for Indian girls and failed to focus on issues of poverty. Some Indian princes did not like the idea of democracy. In 1892, he tried to get them to act by warning of a violent agrarian revolution but this only outraged the British establishment and frightened the Congress leaders. Disappointed by the continued lack of Indian leaders willing to work for the cause of national emancipation, Hume left India in 1894.
Many Anglo-Indians were against the idea of the Indian National Congress. The press in India tended to look upon it negatively, so much so that Hume is said to have held a very low opinion of journalists even later in life. A satirical work published in 1888 included a character called "A. O. Humebogue".

The organizers of the 27th session of the Indian National Congress at Bankipur (26–28 December 1912) recorded their "profound sorrow at the death of Allan Octavian Hume, C.B., father and founder of the Congress, to whose lifelong services, rendered at rare self-sacrifice, India feels deep and lasting gratitude, and in whose death the cause of Indian progress and reform sustained an irreparable loss."

Jeet Gannguli discography

These are the discography of Jeet Gannguli.


List of monarchs of Eswatini

This article lists the monarchs ("Ngwenyamas") of Eswatini (known as Swaziland for most of its history). 

The King of Eswatini (also known as "Ingwenyama") rules alongside the Queen Mother (also known as "Ndlovukati"). The role of the king has historically been as the head or father of the nation while the Queen Mother is the spiritual leader of the nation.







Steve Perry

Stephen Ray Perry (born January 22, 1949) is an American singer and songwriter. He is best known as the lead singer of the rock band Journey. He was with Journey during their most commercially successful periods from 1977 to 1987, and again from 1995 to 1998. Perry also had a successful solo career between the mid-1980s and mid-1990s. Prato's colleague John Franck praised Perry's as a soaring "whale of a voice".

Ranked No. 76 on "Rolling Stone"s "100 Greatest Singers of All Time", Perry was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Journey on April 7, 2017.

Survivor (Israeli TV series)

Survivor (, "Hisardut"), formerly known as Survivor 10, is an Israeli reality competition game show. It is based on the popular international "Survivor" television franchise. The series began in December 2007. It aired on Israel's Channel 10 for six seasons. After legal issues between Channel 10 and Castaway Television, the series went on a three-year hiatus. In 2015 the series returned for a seventh season on Channel 2 and Reshet. The show is hosted by actor and singer Guy Zu-Aretz.

Following the basic premise of other international versions of the franchise, it features a group of contestants who are marooned in an isolated location, where they must provide food, water, fire, and shelter for themselves. The contestants compete in challenges for rewards and immunity from elimination. The contestants are progressively eliminated from the game as they are voted out by their fellow contestants, until only one remains and is given the title of "The Last Survivor" and is awarded the grand prize of 1 million NIS.

Kidney bean

The kidney bean is a variety of the common bean ("Phaseolus vulgaris").
The kidney bean is commonly found in central america and ("mexico")
The kidney bean is a staple of central and latin american ("food")

List of heads of state of Ivory Coast




Tai languages

Tai languages are a branch of the Kra-Dai language family mostly spoken in Southeast Asia. Major languages of this language family include Thai and Lao.

Tai-Kadai languages are tonal and analytic languages.

Kra–Dai languages

The Kra-Dai languages make up a language family spoken mostly in Southeast Asia. Major languages of this language family include Thai and Lao.

Clint Black

Clint Patrick Black (born February 4, 1962) is an American country music singer, songwriter, musician, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and actor. 

Black's debut album "Killin' Time"" produced four straight number one singles on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks music chart. As late as 2015 he had an album on Billboard's Top Country Albums music chart.
Black got signed to RCA Records in 1989. Although his momentum gradually slowed throughout the 1990s, Black consistently charted hit songs into the 2000s. He has had more than 30 singles on the US "Billboard" country charts, twenty-two of which have reached number one, in addition to having released twelve studio albums and several compilation albums. In 2003, Black founded his own record label, Equity Music Group. Black has also ventured into acting, having made a cameo appearance in the 1994 film "Maverick", as well as a starring role in 1998's "Still Holding On: The Legend of Cadillac Jack".

Mary E. Barkworth

Mary Elizabeth Barkworth (born 1941 Marlborough UK) is a Canadian who has worked most of her life as a botanist. She has spent most of her working life as a faculty member at Utah State University. During that time, she worked primarily on grasses, particularly members of the Stipeae and Triticeae, but she also had primary responsibility for production of the two grass [=Poaceae, Gramineae] volumes (volumes 24 & 25) in the Flora of North America series. These two volumes served as the basis for three other resources: The Manual of Grasses for North America, Grasses of the Intermountain Region, and the Manual of Grasses on the web. This last was taken down for security concerns. Most of its resources, some updated, are available through OpenHerbarium.org (descriptions and illustrations) and Keybase. 
Barkworth retired from Utah State University in 2012. Since retiring, she has focused on two areas, expanding digitization of herbarium collections using OpenHerbarium.org and developing access to biodiversity education in Somaliland through the Somaliland Biodiversity Foundation.

Her name is usually abbreviated as «Barkworth» when citing a botanical name.

"Aloe sanguinalis" Awale & Barkworth
"Nassella duriuscula" (Phil.)Barkworth
"Piptochaetium fuscum" (Ness ex Steud.) Barkworth, Cialdella et Gandhi.



Kansas City International Airport

Kansas City International Airport (originally Mid-Continent International Airport) is a public airport. It is 15 miles (24 km) northwest of downtown Kansas City in Platte County, Missouri. In 2018, 11,850,825 people used the airport. 2018 was the second busiest year in its history. Its largest carriers are Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines. In 2019, a new airport terminal was built in the place of where the former A terminal used to be. This project finished in February of 2023.

The airport is near major highways Interstate 29 and Interstate 435.

Jeffrey Epstein

Jeffrey Epstein (January 20, 1953 – August 10, 2019) was an American financier and sex offender. He started his career in an investment bank called Bear Stearns. A few years later, made his own investment bank, "J. Epstein & Co." He was born in New York City to Jewish parents.

In 2008, he was arrested for paying an underage girl for prostitution. He spent 13 months in "custody with work release", which means that he was allowed to be outside of prison for up to 16 hours per day. Epstein was arrested again on July 6, 2019. He was arrested because he did sex trafficking of minors in the states of Florida and New York. Epstein was a registered sex offender from 2008 until his death.

On August 10, 2019, he killed himself by hanging. The medical examiner told court that Epstein committed suicide, but Epstein's lawyers disagreed. On August 29, 2019, the judge decided to end the criminal investigation of Epstein.

Epstein was teaching calculus and physics at the Dalton School in Manhattan between 1973 and 1975. In 1976, Epstein started work as an options trader (a job where stock brokers can buy or sell shares at an agreed price at a later date) at Bear Stearns, where he advised very rich people on financial strategies relating to taxes. As he was shown to be a successful worker during his financial career, Epstein became promoted to a limited partner (a job that manages money within a company) at Bear Stearns in 1980.

Jeffrey Edward Epstein had founded his investment bank, "J. Epstein & Co." in 1982. His investment bank had managed the assets of every person who had invested at his investments bank. Currently, his investment bank is worth more than US $1 billion.

In March 2005, a woman called Florida's Palm Beach Police Department because she was concerned about what happened to her 14-year-old stepdaughter. She said to them that her 14-year-old stepdaughter had been taken to Epstein's mansion by an older girl. In the mansion, the woman claimed that her stepdaughter been paid $300 to strip and massage Epstein. The stepdaughter was claimed to be undressed. When she left Epstein's mansion, she wearing still wearing her underwear.
Police spent 11 months investigating Epstein and his home. The Federal Bureau of Investigation were also investigating Epstein and his home. It was discovered that Epstein was confirmed to have paid girls under 18 years old to perform sexual acts on him. Both the police and the FBI interviewed five claimed victims and 17 witnesses about this incident. Based on what they were discussing in the interviews, it was discovered that there are photos of abused underaged girls found in Epstein's trash. In fact, some of the trashed photos were confirmed to match the interviewed victims.

In 2006, it was discovered that Epstein would often secretly install cameras everywhere around his property. Often he installs secret cameras everywhere around his property so that he can record sexual activity with underage girls by famous people. It was also discovered that Epstein used blackmail to threaten those famous people deceptively through his secret recordings. These criminal claims were obtained from information relating to a previous lawsuit made by those famous people in 2006. Epstein was claimed to have used underaged girls to spy on those famous people, which allowed him to blackmail those famous people. In 2015, it was revealed that Prince Andrew, Duke of York was one of the victims who were abused by Epstein's blackmailing. One of the former employees who worked for Jeffrey Epstein had stated that Epstein would receive three massages per day by the underaged girls. Eventually the FBI received proof that indeed Epstein was blackmailing famous people by spying on famous people.

In May 2006, the Palm Beach police had concluded that Jeffrey Epstein will be charged with four counts of unlawful sex with minors and one count of molestation (forcing sexual abuse). However, the court disagreed. Epstein had a team of defense lawyers. His team of defense lawyers included Roy Black, Russell Crowe, Gerald Lefcourt, Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz. In 2007, Ken Starr, the Special Prosecutor of Bill Clinton, joined in to protect Epstein. The police chief of Palm Beach, Michael Reiter, blamed the court for being too flexible when it comes to Epstein's criminal case. Additionally, the police chief was not satisfied that court did not pass on the information clearly enough to the FBI.

In the end, the grand jury said only that Epstein had a single charge of unfair payment of prostitution. In 2006, they concluded that Epstein had pleaded not guilty.

On February 6, 2008, an anonymous woman from Virginia filed a lawsuit worth $50 million against Epstein. She claims that when she was 16 years old between 2004 and 2005, she was sexually assaulted by Epstein. Initially, she was "recruited to give Epstein a massage", but later on Epstein went naked and had sexual intercourse with her. He paid her $200 immediately afterwards. In March 2008, a similar $50 million lawsuit was filed against Epstein by another woman who was sexually abused. However, these lawsuits alongside similar lawsuits were dismissed (all of these lawsuits were cancelled and ignored). Epstein deals with these types of lawsuits outside of court by paying the victims with compensation money.

In 2008, he had a secret non-prosecution agreement with court that allowed him to have a lower court penalty while at the same time still keeping his luxury private locations. Instead of having a life sentence, he was only jailed for 18 months (but served 13 months in jail) and only had to settle the victims with payments of money. However, he still had to register as a sex offender.

In 2008, he had a secret agreement with court that he would receive a lower court penalty. Along with a shorter jail sentence, he was allowed "custody with work release", which means that he was allowed to be outside of prison for up to 16 hours per day. Epstein spent 13months inside jail. After he was released from jail, he received one year of house arrest with probation until August 2010. While he was on probation, he was allowed to travel in his plane to his private homes in Manhattan and in the U.S. Virgin Islands. He was allowed long shopping trips and to walk around Palm Beach "for exercise".

After a difficult court hearing was made in January 2011, Epstein stayed registered in New York State as a "level three" (high risk of repeat offense) sex offender for the rest of his life. At that court hearing, the Manhattan District Attorney tried to argue that Epstein should be reduced to a low-risk "level one", but he was refused by the judge. Epstein told the judge that his "main" home was in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The judge told him that he had to check in with the New York Police Department every 90days. Even though Epstein had been a level-three registered sex offender in New York since 2010, the New York Police Department never enforced the 90-day regulation, despite the fact that not following these rules is considered against the law.

On July 6, 2019, Epstein was arrested at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey because he was doing sex trafficking. According to witnesses and sources, it is believed that the FBI broke into Epstein's Manhattan townhouse, the Herbert N. Straus House, to investigate Epstein's criminal behavior further. Two days later, the Public Corruption Unit of the Southern District of New York charged Epstein for attempted sex trafficking of minors. Court documents show that Epstein was attempting to bring at least 40 underaged girls to his mansion to sexually abuse them.

It was discovered that Epstein owned a private Boeing 727 jet that he had used to invite underaged guests to his mansion. He traveled in his private jet frequently, logging "600 flying hours a year (...) usually with guests on board."

Jeffrey Epstein had long history of meeting with famous people because he was a successful businessman. He was friends with Prince Andrew and Tom Barrack, and had met with many famous people, including Bill Clinton, George Stephanopoulos, Donald Trump, Katie Couric, and Woody Allen. Epstein was a supporter of the Democratic Party.

Epstein was also interested in funding science research and education. In 2000, he established the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation, which funds science research and education. Before 2003, the foundation funded Martin Nowak's research at the Institute for Advanced Study in the city of Princeton, New Jersey. In May 2003, Epstein created the "Program for Evolutionary Dynamics" at Harvard University, a program aimed to research evolution, with a $30 million gift.

On July 23, 2019, Epstein was found unconscious in his jail cell with injuries to his neck. His cellmate, former police officer Nicholas Tartaglione, was asked by police if he had tried to murder Epstein at 1:30am, as he had history of murdering people. He told them that he didn't do anything violent to Epstein. When police asked Epstein about the incident, Epstein refused to reply to them. After that incident, he was placed on suicide watch.

Six days later on July 29, Epstein was taken off suicide watch. He had been moved into a special housing unit with another inmate. Epstein's close friends believed that he was still happy while in jail. The jail told the Justice Department to regularly check Epstein's jail cell. They made sure that Epstein always had a cellmate nearby. Additionally, a guard would check his cell every 30 minutes for any suspicious activity. The Justice Department followed these rules everyday until they accidentally didn't on the night before his death. On August 9, Epstein's former cellmate was transferred out of Epstein's cell, but no replacement cellmate was brought in. Later in the evening, Epstein had not been checked every 30 minutes. The two guards that were supposed to supervise Epstein fell asleep for three hours and made false records of Epstein's activity. Two cameras in front of Epstein's cell also stopped working that night.

Epstein killed himself by hanging on August 10, 2019, while at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York City. His body was found in his cell at 6:30 a.m. U.S Attorney General William Barr ordered an investigation by the Department of Justice Inspector General in addition to the FBI investigation. Epstein was 66 years old.

On August 29, 2019, the judge decided to end the criminal investigation of Epstein, because it was no longer possible to investigate Epstein's criminal activity further due to his death.

Ever since his death, Internet memes have appeared in many forms, stating that "Epstein didn't kill himself". Many of these memes come from the dispute over whether Epstein actually committed suicide or was murdered.


J. T. Realmuto

Jacob Tyler Realmuto (born March 18, 1991) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Florida Marlins selected Realmuto in the third round of the 2010 Major League Baseball draft. He made his MLB debut in 2014 with the Miami Marlins. In 2018, Realmuto was an All-Star and won the Silver Slugger Award at catcher. The Marlins traded him to the Phillies in February 2019. He is often referred to as the "Best Catcher in Baseball (BCIB)." In 2021, he signed a five-year, $115-million contract with the Phillies that would make him a free agent in 2026.

He has been married to Lexi Realmuto since 2017 and has four children with her. They are Christians.

On February 7, 2019, Realmuto was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for Jorge Alfaro, Sixto Sánchez, Will Stewart, and $250,000 in international bonus slot money.

Thomas Olmstead

Thomas James Olmsted (born January 21, 1947) is a person with a title in an American Church called the Roman Catholic Church. The title is called Bishop and means he is on of the leaders of the church. He is the fourth and current Bishop of Phoenix. Before he was the Bishop of Phoenix, he was the Bishop of Wichita from 2001 to 2003.

Thomas James Olmsted was born in Oketo, Kansas and his parents names were Pat Olmstead and Helen Olmsted. He also has two brothers and three sisters. He was raised on a farm in a city called Beattie, and attended school high school in a town called Summerfield. He then studied religion at a school called St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary in a city called Denver, in a state called Colorado, where he obtained a college degree called a "Bachelor of Arts." The degree he earned was in the subject of Philosophy in 1969.

Olmsted became a priest on July 2, 1973. The church made him work for the Diocese of Lincoln, Nebraska, which means the church in the city of Lincoln, Nebraska He then served as an associate pastor or "helping priest" at the Cathedral of the Risen Christ. After that he went to Rome where the Church made him study to become a doctor of Religion.

Olmsted earned a doctor degree in Rome, and returned to United States in 1989.

On February 16, 1999 he was made the Bishop of Wichita, Kansas, by Pope John Paul II. The Bishop before that time was named Eugene Gerber.

Olmsted was later named the fourth Bishop of Phoenix on November 25, 2003. He replaced another Bishop who was named Thomas O'Brien.

In May 2010, Olmsted said that a woman who was a member of his church could not be a member of his church anymore. This is called being excommunicated. This woman was named Sister Margaret McBride. He did this because Sister Margaret McBride had given permission at a hospital for a woman to have an abortion, or have her fetus removed from her body before it is ready to come out and survive. She gave this permission because the doctors thought the woman would die if the baby was not removed.,

After this happened Olmsted said that the hospital this happened at could not be called a Catholic Hospital anymore. This hospital was St. Joseph's Hospital in mid-town Phoenix.,

Pacinko

Pacinko or Pasukan Cina Kota (literally "China Town Army") is an outlaw motorcycle club triad in Indonesia that active around 1970s until 1980s and led by Johny Indo. This club is famous for their brutal crime activities. Their rival is another outlaw motorcycle club named Y-Gen. But in the end, Y-Gen splits into multiple new outlaw motorcycle clubs, like Hanoman, Aligator, and Night Sons Racing.

Dejan Lovren

Dejan Lovren (born 5 July 1989) is a Croatian football player. He plays as a defender for Zenit Saint Petersburg and Croatia national team.

Inter Zaprešić

Dinamo Zagreb

Lyon

Liverpool

Zenit Saint Petersburg

Croatia

Orders

Scream Queens

Scream Queens is an American black comedy-horror television series that aired on Fox from 2015 to 2016.


Valangaiman taluk

Valagaiman taluk is one of the taluks in Tamil Nadu, India. The taluk consists of 68 villages. The capital is the town of Valangaiman. About 100.000 people live there. The population is split almost evenly between both sexes. There are 1011 women for every 1000 men. The literacy rate is at 72%, 

Zoolander 2

Zoolander 2 is a 2016 American action-comedy film directed by Ben Stiller and written by John Hamburg, Justin Theroux, Stiller and Nicholas Stoller. It is the sequel to the 2001 film "Zoolander" and stars Stiller, Owen Wilson, Will Ferrell, Penélope Cruz and Kristen Wiig.

Filming took place from April to July 2015, in Rome, Italy.


Zoolander 2 was released in theaters on February 12, 2016.

Lakeville, Connecticut

Lakeville is a village and census-designated place in Litchfield County, Connecticut. It is within the area of the Town of Salisbury. It is southwest of Salisbury Village on U.S. Route 44. In 2020, the population was 1,059. New England's oldest Methodist congregation is in Lakeville.

Robert F. Marx

Robert F. Marx (December 8, 1936 – July 4, 2019) was an American scuba diver. He was best known for his work with shipwrecks and sunken treasure. Although he was criticized for his treasure hunting, he was known as the "true father of underwater archaeology". He was born in Indialantic, Florida. Marx became a diving specialist in the United States Marine Corps in 1953.

Marx died on July 4, 2019 in Indialantic at the age of 85.

Indialantic, Florida

Indialantic is a town in Brevard County, Florida. The town's population was 2,888 at the 2020 United States Census. It is part of the Palm Bay–Melbourne–Titusville Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Philip Freelon

Philip Freelon (March 26, 1953 – July 9, 2019), was an American architect. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Freelon was best known for leading the design team (with J. Max Bond, Jr. of Davis Brody Bond, and David Adjaye) of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of African American History and Culture. He was also known for his designs for National Center for Civil and Human Rights and Museum of the African Diaspora.

Freelon died on July 9, 2019 at his home in Durham, North Carolina from problems caused by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at the age of 67.

Megan Rapinoe

Megan Anna Rapinoe (; born July 5, 1985) is an American professional soccer player. She plays for and captains Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League, as a midfielder and winger.

Rapinoe is a member of the United States women's national soccer team, she helped the U.S. win the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, and the gold at the 2012 London Olympics.

She is openly a lesbian.


Steve Cannon (writer)

Steve Cannon (April 10, 1935 – July 7, 2019) was an American writer. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was known as the founder of the cultural organization A Gathering of the Tribes. Cannon went completely blind in 1989 from glaucoma.

Cannon died on July 7, 2019 from septic shock caused by a ruptured cyst at a hospital in New York City at the age of 84.


Ekaterina Koroleva

Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Koroleva (; 8 October 1998 – 7 July 2019) was a Russian handball player. She played for Stavropol SKFU and for the women's national team. She was born in Krymsk, Russia.

In 2017 she won at the U-19 European Championships in Slovenia the Silver medal after losing the finale against France. Later the Russian team lost the medal due to a positive doping test by a team member of Koroleva. 

On 7 July 2019, Koroleva drowned in a swimming accident on the closing day of the 2019 European Beach Handball Championship in Stare Jabłonki, Poland, aged 20.

2019 Tajoura migrant center airstrike

On 3 July 2019, an airstrike by General Khalifa Haftar's Libyan National Army (LNA) hit the Tajoura Detention Center outside Tripoli, Libya, while hundreds of people were inside the facility. 

The detention center was being used as a holding facility for migrants and refugees trying to reach Europe when a storage hangar that it used as a residential facility was destroyed in an aerial bombing. 

The United Nations Human Rights Council stated that "It was known that there were 600 people living inside" the facility. At least 53 people were killed and 130 were wounded.

One-design dinghy

A One-design dinghy is a type of boat which has been built exactly the same as the next so that racing dinghy sailing equal and fair to all.

In 1887 Thomas Middleton, a Dublin solicitor, thought that yacht racing was too expensive. He then invented the one-design boat. He wanted yacht racing to show just skill at sailing with all boats to be the same. He found some other people who agreed with him and they decided on a design for the new boat. They decided to call the boat 'The Water Wag'. The Water Wag Club is still in Dún Laoghaire harbour (near Dublin, Ireland), and they race every Wednesday evening during the Summer. 
The idea was quickly taken by sailors in Ireland, England, India and South America. 

In 1893 the Solent One Design Class was one of the first dinghy classes designed in England. It quickly became popular with some of the best-known yacht owners in the Solent, Portsmouth and Southampton waters including Sir Philip Hunloke, the King's Yachtmaster. The class was sailed by the Royal Yacht Squadron and the Island Sailing Club in 1895. The only boat still afloat is Rosenn, formally Eilun, sail number 6. She is included in the National Register of Historic Vessels of the United Kingdom and is kept in Lymington.

Now there are a many classes of sailing dinghies in use in yacht clubs around the world and it is a major Olympic sport.

There are two ways of competition in sailboat racing: One-Design and Handicap. In one-design racing, the first boat to finish wins the race but with handicap racing, time is added or subtracted from the finishing times to decide the winner.

In smaller boats like dinghy classes, the rules are very strict. Sometimes the boats may only be produced by one manufacturer. An example is the Olympic Laser dinghy which is one of the most popular sailing dinghies in the world. But others, like the Optimist dinghy, may be built by anyone and some are home built. The Optimist dinghy is also very popular all over the world. However, the measurements are very strict. A boat like the Olympic 470 dinghy may only be built by certain licenced manufacturers.
Other sailboats race with handicap rules. Handicap rules include Portsmouth Yardstick, International Offshore Rule (IOR), the International Measurement System (IMS), International Rating Certificate (IRC) and Americap.

Eddie Gerard

Edward George Gerard (February 22, 1890 – August 7, 1937) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach.




Bible Hill, Nova Scotia

Bible Hill is a Canadian village in Colchester County, Nova Scotia.


Canning, Nova Scotia

Canning is a village in northeastern Kings County, Nova Scotia.


Chester, Nova Scotia

Chester is a village on the Chester Peninsula, Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia, Canada.

Chesterbound - Lots of Local Links

I Love New York

I Love New York, seen visually as, "I ❤ NY" was a design concept created by Milton Glaser in 1977. The song "I Love New York" is also the state song of New York. The logo was created by 

Milton Glaser.

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

There isn't another like it

no matter where you go.

And nobody can compare it.

It's greater than place and show.

You know...
New York is special,

You know, New York is different!
'Cause there's no place else on earth quite like New York!
I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York!

I love New York!

I Love New York!

I love New York!
There isn't another like it

no matter where you go.

And nobody can compare it.

It's greater than place and show.

You know...
New York is special,

You know, New York is different!
'Cause there's no place else on earth quite like New York!
I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

I love New York

1952 Indian presidential election

The Election Commission of India held the first presidential elections of India on May 2, 1952. Dr. Rajendra Prasad won his first election with 507,400 votes (83.81%) over his nearest rival K. T. Shah who got 92,827 votes (15.3%).

Source: Web archive of Election Commission of India website

Hairspray: Live!

Hairspray Live! is a television special that aired live on NBC on December 7, 2016. Produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron, and hosted by Darren Criss.


Swindle

Swindle is a 2013 American television film starring Noah Crawford, Chris O'Neal, Jennette McCurdy, Noah Munck, Ariana Grande, Ciara Bravo, and Fred Ewanuick. Based on Gordon Korman's novel of the same name, the film tells the story of Griffin (Noah Crawford), a boy who retrieves his friend's valuable baseball card from an unscrupulous collectibles dealer with the help of his friends. The film premiered August 24, 2013 to an audience of over 4.2 million viewers. The film was released on DVD on March 19, 2014, and on Blu-ray on December 4, 2015.

Common Sense Media gave the film a rating of 4 out of 5 stars.

Dysalotosaurus

Dysalotosaurus was a small plant-eating ornithopod dinosaur that lived in forests around 150 million years ago. 

"Dysalotosaurus" is a member of the family, the Dryosauridae, which were precursors (ancestors) of the Iguanodons, and lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous.

ISO 3166-2:JP

ISO 3166-2:JP is the ISO 3166-2's part for Japan. It is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). It says the codes for the names of the main subdivisions (e.g.provinces or states) of all countries in ISO 3166-1.

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).



Eudora, Kansas

Eudora is a city in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. The city is along the Kansas River and the Wakarusa River. In 2020, 6,408 people lived there.

Eudora is at (38.938213, −95.097417). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Eudora is part of the Lawrence, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

In 2020, there were 6,408 people, 2,296 households, and 1,643 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 66.8% owned their home and 33.2% rented their home.

The median age was 35.2 years. Of the people, 87.4% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 0.8% were Black, 0.5% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.1% were from some other race, and 8.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.1% of the people.

The Eudora government has five city commissioners. They elect the mayor. The City Commission meets on the second and fourth Monday of each month at 7PM.

Eudora is next to three state highways, three county highways, and a direct route to one national highway and to one interstate highway:



Abel

Abel is the brother of Cain. He was the second son of Adam and Eve.The Bible says that he was killed by his brother because his brother envied him.

Abel was the younger brother. He took care of animals, mostly sheep and goats.

When Cain gave God some of his crops as a sacrifice, God was happy. However when Abel killed some of his animals for God, God was happier. Cain was angry, so he killed Abel.

KFC Index

The KFC Index is an economic index which compares the purchasing power of two currencies in African countries. It is related to the Big Mac Index, but the KFC Index is only about Africa. The Big Mac Index is about many countries in the world, but it can't be used for Africa. This is because there aren't many McDonald's in Africa. KFC is in almost 20 countries in Africa, so it is easier to use.

In February 2016:

Most overvalued currencies

Most undervalued currencies

Formal verification

Formal verification is the process used to prove that a piece of software or hardware works according to its . Formal verification uses a mathematical proof. Systems such as those used in robots, or airplanes need to be proved correct, before they can be used.

Aaron Rosand

Aaron Rosand (March 15, 1927 – July 9, 2019) was an American violinist. In an April 1970 review in "The New York Times", critic Harold C. Schonberg wrote of Rosand that “Romanticism on the violin had a rebirth last night in Carnegie Hall". In the 1960s he performed often at Butler University's Festival of Neglected Romantic Music.

Rosand died on July 9, 2019 in New York City, aged 92.

Paulo Henrique Amorim

Paulo Henrique dos Santos Amorim (22 February 1942 – 10 July 2019) was a Brazilian blogger and journalist. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro.

Amorim worked as a sociologist and political scientist. He worked for Manchete Network, Grupo Abril, Jornal do Brasil, Globo Network, Bandeirantes Network and TV Cultura.

From 2003 on, he worked for Record Network. Online-wise, he worked for Zaz, Terra, UOL and Internet Group (iG). He also owned an independent web portal named Conversa Afiada, "located somewhere in the Web 2.0".

Amorim died on 10 July 2019 in Rio de Janeiro from a heart attack at the age of 77.


Cerebral amyloid angiopathy

Cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA), also known as congophilic angiopathy, is a form of angiopathy in which amyloid comes out of the walls of the blood vessels of the central nervous system. 

The term "congophilic" is used because the amyloid appears red when looked under a microscope when "Congo red" dye is used. The amyloid material is only found in the brain and as such the disease is not related to other forms of amyloidosis.

Jim Bouton

James Alan Bouton (; March 8, 1939 – July 10, 2019) was an American professional baseball player, writer and actor. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. 

Bouton played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a pitcher for the New York Yankees, Seattle Pilots, Houston Astros, and Atlanta Braves between 1962 and 1978. He was also a best-selling author who wrote "Ball Four". He was also an activist, sportscaster and one of the creators of Big League Chew. 

An actor, he was known for his role as Terry Lennox in Robert Altman's 1973 movie "The Long Goodbye".

Bouton was a delegate to the 1972 Democratic National Convention for George McGovern.

Bouton died under hospice care in Great Barrington, Massachusetts on July 10, 2019 from cerebral amyloid angiopathy, aged 80.


Great Barrington, Massachusetts

Great Barrington is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 7,172 at the 2020 census. It is the birthplace of W. E. B. Du Bois. In 2012, "Smithsonian" magazine ranked Great Barrington #1 in its list of "The 20 Best Small Towns in America".

Motto McLean

Emmanuel Hall Roberts McLean (December 26, 1925 – July 10, 2019) was a Scottish-born Canadian professional hockey player.

McLean played for the Omaha Knights and Fort Worth Rangers. He also played for the St. Louis Flyers in the American Hockey League, along with the New Westminster Royals and Vancouver Canucks. He received the Wm. Thayer Tutt Award from USA Hockey in 2002.

McLean was born in Dalmeny, Scotland. He died in Omaha, Nebraska on July 10, 2019 at the age of 93.

Brendan Grace

Brendan Grace (1 April 1951 – 11 July 2019) was an Irish comedian and singer. He was known for his comedy schoolboy character "Bottler", the role of Murphy in the 1995 movie "Moondance", and his 1996 appearance in the Irish TV sitcom "Father Ted" as Father Fintan Stack. Grace was born in Dublin.

Grace was born in 1951 in central Dublin. He grew up in the Liberties neighborhood on Echlin Street. His father, Seamus, held various jobs, including bartending and working as an ambulance driver, to support the family. Like many young Dubliners in those days, Grace left school at an early age to start working. His first job was as a messenger boy, which he often mentioned in his live performances.

Grace died on 11 July 2019 in Dublin from lung cancer at the age of 68.


Antony Acland

Sir Antony Arthur Acland (12 March 1930 – 8 September 2021) was a British diplomat. He was the Provost of Eton College. Acland was the U.K. Ambassador to the United States from 1986 to 1991 during the Margaret Thatcher and John Major ministries.

Acland died on 8 September 2021 at the age of 91.


Capital districts and territories

A capital district, capital region, or capital territory is a district in which the capital of a; state, country or settlement is located. In federal states, the capital district is often a federal district.

2006–07 New York Rangers season

The 2006–07 New York Rangers season was the National Hockey League franchise's 80th season of play and their 81st season overall.

The New York Rangers ended the 2006–07 regular season as the Eastern Conference's sixth seed.

Key: Win Loss


Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.



New York's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the General Motors Place.
Goaltenders:
•
Defensemen
•
•
•
•

Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•



2018 Memorial Cup

The 2018 Memorial Cup (branded as the 2018 Mastercard Memorial Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a four-team, round-robin format tournament that was held at the Brandt Centre in Regina, Saskatchewan from May 18–27, 2018. It was the 100th Memorial Cup championship of junior ice hockey, and determined the champion of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). 


Golmaal 3

Golmaal 3 (eng: Mayhem 3) is a 2010 Indian Indian Hindi-language action comedy movie that is the third film in the Golmaal franchise. It stars Ajay Devgn, Arshad Warsi, and Kareena Kapoor in lead roles. It was released on 5 November 2010, while Diwali Festival was there in India. It is the sequel to Golmaal Returns. This movie was a great comedy, people laughed while seeing the movie. This was one of the best movies of Rohit Shetty. The film's storyline was partially inspired from Basu Chatterjee's 1978 film "Khatta Meetha" which itself was based on the 1968 film "Yours, Mine and Ours". A sequel to the film titled Golmaal Again was released in 2017. 

The story follows an elderly bus driver, Pritam, whose three good-for-nothing sons Madhav; The group leader, Laxman; The poetic idiot and Lucky; The innocent mute have took loans from various moneylenders, also from a don named Raghu, and they earn money by corrupt methods like selling fake question papers to students etc.

On the other hand, Geeta lives with her two sons, Gopal; The strong but kind man who breaks fingers of those people who show him finger and Laxman; The stammerer. They also live with their business partner Dabbu and a girl named Chintu, along with her dog Facebook. They own a water sports stall in Goa, by taking money from Vasooli Bhai. Gopal has crush on Dabbu, but never shows it. Also, Vasooli is a lover of Chintu.

Three Robbers, Pappi, Daga and Teja are in run from the police, as they have stolen the Queen's necklace. They end up in Goa. Pappi, who suffers from short term memory loss, hides the necklace in Pritam's house and forgets about it.

Then, after taking money from Pappi, Madhav, Lucky and Laxman also open a water sports stall in just front of Gopal's stall, from where the rivalry between the two groups begins. They destroy each other's water sports business, and also cracker's business, which both of them opened after being destroyed their water sports business.

Pritam, goes to Geeta's house to sort out the problem, but is surprised to see Geeta. It is revealed that they were college lovers, who were seperated and met in Goa a long time after that, when they got old. It is also revealed that they are not their sons, but are orphans. However, their sons do not know about this. Dabbu overhears their conversation, and decides to get them both married, by telling lies to their sons that their brothers are very little.

On the marriage day, they came to know the truth that their enemies are now brothers, so they get violent on each other, and started chasing Dabbu. Dabbu somehow manages to slip away.

Pritam, in fear that Raghu will come once to take his money, so he shifts along with his children to Geeta's house. The five then start living in one house, filled with non-stop laughs and mayhem, as five try many tricks on each other

On Dabbu's birthday, when everyone (except Gopal) goes to a mall, Raghu comes along with his goons to take money violently. During the fight that followed, Gopal makes a surprise entry to take revange of hitting her mother during this fight. He hits everyone and at last, Raghu and his goons are defeated. Afterwards, the brother groups get angry towards each other.

Suddenly, Lucky overhears Dabbu talking with their parents in anger about their fight, and he comes to know that he is an orphan. He tells everyone, crying, about their fate. Although no one believes him, Dabbu confirms him. Then, they vow that they will be friendly like brothers and will not let their parents know that they know that they are orphans.

Together, with Vasooli's and Pappi's money, they open a family toy shop, when during inaugration, Pappi remembers where he had kept the necklace, and starts chasing all of them to their house.

In the house, Dabbu fools him by saying that the necklace is with Dhande. Pappi says cuss words to Dhande. Dhande, who was an inspector, comes with his constable Gandhari to arrest Pappi. Then, as per the locarion told by Pappi, Pritam brings the necklace and gives it to the inspector. The necklace was of 3 crore, and they all get 10% in reward.

In the end, Pritam and Geeta go for honeymoon, while all the five started fighting again on an argument, with Dabbu and Rohit Shetty stopping them.


Auxiliary sciences of history

The Auxiliary sciences of history are fields of study based on historical sources and items. 

Many of these fields of study started between the 16th and 19th centuries. At first, they were started by students of old artifacts. At the time, "History" was thought of only as a literary skill. 

In the late 18th century the study of history became more empirical. This change was lead by the Göttingen School of History. Then in the mid-19th century, Leopold von Ranke also focused on it. These changes lead to the rise of the trained historian as a skill. 

The auxiliary sciences of history include, but are not limited to:



Sigillography

Sigillography is the study of the seals used on documents. It is one of the auxiliary sciences of history. It has links to diplomatics, heraldry, social history, and the history of art.

This field of study was started in the 15th century by students of old artifacts. Then it became more well known in the 16th and 17th centuries. At first this field of study was thought of as part of diplomatics. But over time it became known as its own field of study. 

Ron Estes

Ronald Gene Estes (born July 19, 1956) is an American politician. He has been a member of the U.S. Representative for Kansas's 4th congressional district since April 25, 2017. He is a Republican. He was the 39th Kansas State Treasurer from 2011 to 2017 under Governor Sam Brownback.

Estes was born in Topeka, Kansas. He is a fifth-generation Kansan. He earned a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering and a master's degree in Business Administration from Tennessee Technological University.


Kansas State Treasurer

The State Treasurer of Kansas is in charge of the safe and efficient operation of state government. The Treasurer does this through effective banking, investment, and managing money.

The current Kansas Treasurer is Jacob LaTurner. He has been treasurer since April 25, 2017.

Secretary of State of Kansas

The Secretary of State of Kansas is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Kansas. They are in charge of administering elections and voter registration for Kansas. They also get campaign finance reports. They are also able to prosecute people for voter fraud.

The current Secretary of State is Scott Schwab. He has been secretary since January 14, 2019.

The first Secretary of State for Kansas was John Winter Robinson. He was a doctor from Litchfield, Maine, but he moved to Manhattan, Kansas in 1857. Robinson was elected in December 1859. He became secretary in February 1861, after Kansas became a state.

Kansas Insurance Commissioner

The Kansas Insurance Commissioner (KIC) is in charge of helping the people whose lives are protected by insurance in the state of Kansas. The Insurance Commissioner is elected. The current Insurance Commissioner is Republican Vicki Schmidt.

The office used to called the Superintendent of Insurance. In 1927, the name changed to Commissioner of Insurance.


The Signpost

The Signpost is the online newsletter of the English Wikipedia. It is written by Wikipedia editors and covers news about the English Wikipedia. It includes news about important discussions, new and pictures, Wikipedia technology, and what other newspapers and journals have written about Wikipedia. It also publishes opinion articles by Wikipedia editors and sometimes news about the Wikimedia Foundation and Wikipedias in other languages.

"The Signpost" was started in January 2005 by Michael Snow. In its first edition he wrote:
I hope this will be a worthwhile source of news for people interested in what is happening around the Wikipedia community.

Snow was "The Signpost"'s main editor (editor-in-chief) until August 2005. Ryan Lomonaco became the new editor-in-chief, but Snow still wrote articles for the newsletter until February 2008. He stopped when he was appointed to the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation. In July 2008 he was elected Chairman of the Board. He was the Chairman for two years.

When it started, the newsletter's title was "The Wikipedia Signpost". In 2011, the title became simply "The Signpost". From 2005 to March 2016, "The Signpost" came out every week. Then it changed to coming out every two weeks because it did not have enough editors. In March, April and May of 2016 it did not come out at all. As of 2019, it comes out once a month.

On April Fool's Day, "The Signpost" sometimes publishes joke articles and pictures. Examples of joke articles from April Fool's Day 2015 are "Special Report: Pictures of the Year 2015" (with joke pictures) and "Featured Content: Stop Press. Marie Celeste Mystery Solved". Crew Found Hiding In Wardrobe".

Journalists from other newspapers and magazines have used articles in "The Signpost" to help write their own articles.


Keke Palmer

Lauren Keyana "Keke" Palmer (born August 26, 1993) is an American actress, singer, and television personality.


Jason Bay

Jason Raymond Bay (born September 20, 1978) is a Canadian-American former professional baseball left fielder. Bay played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres, Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Red Sox, New York Mets and Seattle Mariners. Bay was the National League Rookie of the Year in 2004 and he won the Silver Slugger Award in 2009. He is a three-time MLB All-Star and a three-time Tip O'Neill Award winner as the best Canadian baseball player.

Bay debuted with the Padres on May 23, 2003, getting his first major league hit, a home run, in the ninth inning. Two days later, he suffered a broken right wrist after being hit by a pitch.

On August 26, 2003, Bay was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates, along with Óliver Pérez and Cory Stewart in exchange for Brian Giles. He finished the season with a .287 batting average, four home runs, and 14 RBI in 30 games.

On July 31, 2008, Bay and a player to be named later (Josh Wilson) were traded to the Boston Red Sox in a three team deal that sent Manny Ramirez to the Los Angeles Dodgers and Andy LaRoche with Bryan Morris to the Pittsburgh Pirates from the Dodgers and Brandon Moss with Craig Hansen to the Pirates from the Red Sox.

Giannis Antetokounmpo

Giannis Sina Ougko Ugo Antetokounmpo (born December 6, 1994) is a Greek professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). , Antetokounmpo's combination of size, speed and ball-handling skills led to his nickname the "Greek Freak". He is the 2019 NBA Most Valuable Player.

Born in Greece to Nigerian parents, Antetokounmpo began playing basketball for the youth teams of Filathlitikos in Athens. In 2011 he began playing for the club's senior team. He declared himself eligible for the NBA Draft in 2013 and was selected 15th overall by the Milwaukee Bucks.

In 2016–17 he led the Bucks in all five major statistical categories and became the first player in NBA history to finish a regular season in the top 20 in total points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks (although totals are not the statistics used to determine league leaders, in which case the stat is not true; and several players have completed seasons with higher average ranks among the five statistics, such as Michael Jordan in 1987-88 and 1988-89). He received the Most Improved Player award in 2017. He has received three All-Star selections, and led the Eastern Conference in voting in 2019. He was named NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP) in June 2019.

Bechuanaland

Bechuanaland was a federation of Tswana lands stretching from the territory of the Bangwato in present day Botswana to the Batlhaping area around present day Kimberley, South Africa. The area included large parts of what is now the North West and Northern Cape provinces of South Africa.

Bechuanaland was declared a British protectorate, in 1885, and subsequently divided the territory along the Molopo River.

The areas to the South of the Molopo became British Bechuanaland and would later be handed over to the Cape Colony, which in 1910 was part of the two British colonies, Cape Colony and Natal, which united with the Boer republic's Transvaal and Orange Free State to form the Union of South Africa.

The territory of modern-day Botswana, North of Molopo became Bechuanaland Protectorate until independence in 1966.

Great Britain offered protection against the Boer Republics after the Boers invaded Bechuanaland in the early 1880s establishing Stellaland and Goshen within Bechuanaland around present day Vryburg, South Africa.

The Christian missionary John MacKenzie of the London Missionary Society convinced Bangwato ruler Khama III and other Tswana rulers to seek Protectorate status and the Warren Expedition was dispatched from the Cape in 1885 to remove the Boers from Stellaland and Goshen and proclaim Bechuanaland a British Protectorate.

It had a territory of approximately .

After the British divided Bechuanaland into two, the capital of Bechuanaland Protectorate now fell outside its territory: It was the modern-day city of Mahikeng, then called Mafeking, in South Africa.

Great Flood of 1951

In mid-July 1951, heavy rains led to a lot of water in the Kansas River. Flooding happened in the Kansas, Neosho, Marais Des Cygnes, and Verdigris river basins. There was more than $935 million in damage in eastern Kansas and Missouri in June and July 1951. Adjusting for inflation, it would be nearly $8.52 billion in 2016. The flood killed 17 people. It caused 518,000 people to move somewhere else.

The flood in Kansas started in May. It started with the flood of the Big Creek, (a tributary of the Smoky Hill River) in Hays. It flooded after eleven inches of rain in two hours. The creek overflowed. It flooded Hays (where Fort Hays State University is) in four feet of water. It flooded the Fort Hays State University campus. It caused people to move from the barracks (by families of the G.I. Bill) and dorms to the Stadium's third floor. The Stadium's third floor was still dry. Dr. Charles F. Wiest, Emeritus Professor of Philosophy and Religion, and his seven-year-old daughter died. They died when their home caved in with the weight of the water. He was saving important documents in his basement. All records at the college were ruined. No graduation was held on the appointed date of May 23. Graduates were mailed their diplomas a month later.

There were no warning sirens in Hays. Two police officers drove up and down the streets. They had their sirens on, and they shouted for people to evacuate. They are believed to haven saved many people's lives.

The worst starting damage by the flood crest was to Manhattan and Ft. Riley. Barracks at the fort were destroyed. In Manhattan, the downtown business district was under 8 feet (2.4 m) of water and 2 people died. After this, Topeka and Lawrence were also damaged by the same crest. About 24,000 people were evacuated from Topeka.


Fort Riley, Kansas

Fort Riley is a United States Army installation in North Central Kansas. It is on the Kansas River between Junction City and Manhattan. The Fort Riley Military Reservation covers 101,733 acres (41,170 ha) in Geary and Riley counties. The part of the fort that has housing development is part of the Fort Riley census-designated place. In 2010, 7,761 people lived there. The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000. The ZIP Code is 66442.

1st Infantry Division

Garrison

Partners


Larry J. Hopkins

Larry Jones Hopkins (October 25, 1933 – November 15, 2021) was an American politician. He represented Kentucky's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1993. He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Kentucky in 1991 and lost to Brereton C. Jones. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. His son was actor Josh Hopkins.

Hopkins died on November 15, 2021 in Lexington, Kentucky at the age of 88.

Walt Michaels

Walter Edward Michaels (October 16, 1929 – July 10, 2019) was a professional American football player and coach. He was best known for his six-year career as head coach of the NFL's New York Jets from 1977 to 1982. As a player, he played for the Green Bay Packers, Cleveland Browns and the New York Jets. Michaels was born in Swoyersville, Pennsylvania.

Michaels died on July 10, 2019 in Plains, Pennsylvania at the age of 89.

Swoyersville, Pennsylvania

Swoyersville is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,021 at the 2020 census.

Luzerne County, Pennsylvania

Luzerne County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 325,594, making it the most populous county in the northeastern part of the state. 

The county seat and largest city is Wilkes-Barre. 

Other populous communities include Hazleton, Kingston, Nanticoke, and Pittston. Luzerne County is included in the Scranton–Wilkes-Barre–Hazleton Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a total population of 567,559 (as of 2020).

Naval ship

A naval ship is a military ship (or sometimes boat, depending on classification) used by a navy.


In weight (largest to smallest), modern naval ships are often put into different groups (called classes). The bigger ships in the list can also be classed as capital ships:


Naval base

A naval base, navy base, or military port is a military base, where warships and naval ships are. The ships are there when they have no mission at sea or want to restock. Ships may also get some minor repairs. Some naval bases are temporary homes to aircraft. They usually stay on the ships but may have maintenance while the ship is in port.

Rex Wood

Rex Wood (6 April 1906 – 1970) was a South Australian artist. He lived in Portugal for many years.

He was born in Laura, South Australia. 

Rex Wood studied painting at the South Australian School of Art under Mary Packer Harris (1891–1978). He became an art critic for The News in 1934 and held an exhibition in 1935. He had another exhibition in 1937, the evening before he left for England and the Continent.

He studied at the Anglo-French Art Centre at St Johns Wood and the Southampton Row School of Art. 
He spent much of the war years in Portugal. 

He visited Australia in the mid-1950s then went back to Portugal.He died in Estoril around 24 January 1970.

Big League Chew

Big League Chew is an American brand of bubble gum. It is cut up and packaged in an aluminum foil pouch as a fun imitation of the tobacco-chewing often used by baseball players. It was created by Portland Mavericks left-handed pitcher Rob Nelson and bat boy Todd Field. The Wrigley Company, which makes many other types of chewing gum, bought the idea from Rob Nelson and Jim Bouton. 

Big League Chew was first sold in May 1980. Over 800 million pouches of Big League Chew have been sold. It comes in bright colors such as neon green (for their sour apple flavor) and bright purple (grape flavor).

Dengir Mir Mehmet Fırat

Dengir Mir Mehmet Fırat (8 August 1943 – 11 July 2019) was a Kurdish politician. He was one of the founders of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2001. He was a Member of Parliament for the Grand National Assembly from 1999 to 2011 and again from 2015 until his death. He was a member of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP).

Fırat was born in the district of Kahta in Adyaman. He died on 11 July 2019 from lung cancer in Istanbul at the age of 76.


Eastern Ghats

Eastern Ghats is a separate category of mountains along the eastern coast of India. Eastern Ghats pass through parts of Karnataka and Wayanad district of Kerala, going south from Odisha to Tamil Nadu via Andhra Pradesh. They are being destroyed by four major rivers of peninsular India. Godavari, Mahanadi, Krishna, and Kaveri.

Mountain ranges run parallel to the Bay of Bengal. The Deccan Plateau is located in the west of the border between the Eastern Ghats and the Western Ghats. Coromandel is situated between coastal plains, eastern ghats and the Bay of Bengal along the coast area. Eastern Ghats is not as high as the Western Ghats.

She-Hulk

She-hulk is a fictional character created by Stan Lee and John Buscema for Marvel Comics in 1980. She is a female version of the Hulk. She-Hulk is the alter ego of Jennifer Walters, Walters is the cousin of Bruce Banner (The Incredible Hulk). She was injured in a shooting at her home. Banner found her but she has lost a large amount of blood because of the injury. She needed an emergency blood transfusion. Banner gever her some of his blood to save her life. This also caused her to get a milder form of his condition. This meant she could turn large, green and powerful, but mostly kept her emotional stability and her personality. 

She-Hulk was played by Tatiana Maslany in the Disney+ television show . 

Crayford

Crayford is a small town in the London Borough of Bexley south London

Jungkook

Jeon Jung-kook (born September 1, 1997) is a South Korean singer, dancer and rapper. He is also better known mononymously as Jungkook. He is known for being a member of the South Korean boy group BTS.

On June 12, 2013, Jungkook released his first album as a member of BTS. Since their debut, Jungkook has been credited as the main producer for two of their songs: "Love is Not Over" and "Magic Shop".

Tongatapu

Tongatapu is an island in the Pacific Ocean. It is the main island for the Kingdom of Tonga. The capital Nuku'alofa is located on this island.

Richard and Mary Parker

Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters appearing in Marvel Comics. They first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man Annual # 5 in 1968 created by Stan Lee and Larry Lieber. Richard Parker is the younger brother of Benjamin 'Uncle Ben' Parker, he is married to Mary Parker whose maiden name is Fitzpatrick and the father of Peter Parker. Since the first issue Peter was raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben but it didn't explain where his parents were. In their first appearance in a flashback it is revealed that they were murdered by the supervillain Albert Malik also known as the Red Skull. In comics from the 1990's it is revealed that Richard Parker was recruited into the CIA by Nick Fury, that he was pretending to be a Russian double agent and that he and his wife were killed in a plane crash caused by sabotage. Harry Osborne later creates robots that look just like Richard and Mary to trick Peter Parker into thinking that his parents are still alive and then reveals that they are not to destroy him. In the 2002 movie Spider-Man, Norman Osborne tells Peter Parker "your parents must be proud" and Peter tells him "I live with my aunt and uncle, they are proud." Uncle Ben later tells Peter "I know I'm not your father" and Peter tells him "then stop pretending to be". At the end of the movie the Green Goblin tells Spider-Man that Peter has been like a son to him and that he has been like a father and Peter tells him "I had a father, his name was Ben Parker." 

In the 2012 movie The Amazing Spider-Man, Dr. Richard Parker is a scientist who disappeared after he and his wife left their son Peter Parker with his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. He is also responsible for the creation of the genetically engineered superspider that bites Peter and gives him his powers.

Derby, Kansas

Derby is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is the biggest suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 25,625 people lived there.

Derby is at (37.552407, -97.261492). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Derby has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Derby has a humid subtropical climate. It is abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Derby is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census said that there were 25,625 people, 9,991 households, and 6,888 families living in Derby. Of the households, 67.3% owned their home and 32.7% rented their home.

The median age was 36.2 years. Of the people, 83.4% were White, 2.4% were Black, 1.9% were Asian, 0.9% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.6% were from some other race, and 9.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.7% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 22,158 people, 8,300 households, and 6,226 families living in Derby.


Great Bend, Kansas

Great Bend is a city in Barton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Barton County. It is named for its location at the place where the Arkansas River bends east then southeast. In 2020, 14,733 people lived there.

Great Bend is at (38.3644567, -98.7648073). It has an elevation of 1,850 feet (564 m). It is in central Kansas, and it is at the intersection of U.S. Route 281 and U.S. Route 56. Great Bend is northwest of Wichita, west-southwest of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

In 2020, there were 14,733 people, 6,136 households, and 3,690 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 61.0% owned their home and 39.0% rented their home.

The median age was 38.6 years. Of the people, 77.3% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.6% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 11.0% were from some other race, and 9.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 23.5% of the people.
Great Bend Public Schools (USD 428) has about 3,000 students. It runs eight schools in Great Bend:


Barton Community College is a two-year community college. It is about three miles northeast of Great Bend.

The "Great Bend Tribune" is the city's daily newspaper. It makes over 6,200 copies.

The city government's Park Department maintains 10 parks in Great Bend.

Greyhound racing started in the United States in the bottoms in 1886 during a formal coursing event.


Red Hills (Kansas)

The Red Hills (also called Gypsum Hills) is a physiographic area. It is mostly in Clark, Comanche and Barber counties in southern and central Kansas. This land has a lot of red rock. It does not fit the normal description of the Great Plains land of Kansas.


Crime in Kansas

This article refers to crime in the U.S. state of Kansas.

In 2008, there were 106,141 crimes reported in Kansas, including 113 murders.

Capital punishment is allowed in Kansas.

Pittsburg, Kansas

Pittsburg is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. It is in Southeast Kansas near the Missouri state border. It is the biggest city in Crawford County and southeast Kansas. In 2020, 20,646 people lived there.

Pittsburg is at . The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water. Pittsburg is in the Ozark Highlands region. That region is a mix of prairie and forests.

It is west of Springfield, Missouri, south of Kansas City, Missouri, and northeast of Tulsa, Oklahoma.

The 2020 census says that there were 20,646 people, 8,268 households, and 4,123 families living in Pittsburg. Of the households, 42.3% owned their home and 57.7% rented their home.

The median age was 27.7 years. Of the people, 77.3% were White, 3.7% were Black, 1.8% were Asian, 1.1% were Native American, 0.8% were Pacific Islanders, 5.4% were from some other race, and 10.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 20,233 people, 8,142 households, and 4,087 families living in Pittsburg.

The Pittsburg government has a mayor and four commissioners. The commission meets the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of each month at 5:30 pm.

The "Pittsburg Morning Sun" is the main newspaper in Pittsburg. It is published five days per week. In addition, Pittsburg State University publishes a weekly student newspaper, the "Collegio".


Falfurrias, Texas

Falfurrias ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Brooks County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,609 at the 2020 census.


Floresville, Texas

Floresville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Wilson County.

Gardner, Kansas

Gardner is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 23,287 people there. It is in the Kansas City metropolitan area.

Gardner is at (38.812358, -94.926291). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Gardner has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Gardner has a humid subtropical climate. It is abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says there were 23,287 people, 8,005 households, and 5,938 families living in Gardner. Of the households, 66.1% owned their home and 33.9% rented their home.

The median age was 32.6 years. Of the people, 79.2% were White, 3.9% were Black, 1.8% were Asian, 0.6% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.6% were from some other race, and 10.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says there were 19,123 people, 6,644 households, and 4,938 families living in Gardner.


Winfield, Kansas

Winfield is a city and county seat of Cowley County, Kansas, United States. It is on the Walnut River in South Central Kansas. In 2020 11,777 people lived there. It is the second biggest city in Cowley County.

Winfield was created in 1870. It was named after Rev. Winfield Scott. He said he would build a church for the town if the people would name the city after him. The first post office at Winfield was created in May 1870.

Winfield is located north of the Kansas-Oklahoma state border. It is at the junction of U.S. Routes 77 and 160. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says there were 11,777 people, 4,532 households, and 2,653 families living in Winfield. Of the households, 57.4% owned their home and 42.6% rented their home.

The median age was 38.3 years. Of the people, 80.3% were White, 4.1% were Black, 3.5% were Asian, 1.5% were Native American, 0.7% were Pacific Islanders, 2.4% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says there were 12,301 people, 4,600 households, and 2,848 families living in Winfield.


Lansing, Kansas

Lansing is a city in Leavenworth County, Kansas, United States. It is on the west side of the Missouri River and Kansas-Missouri state border. In 2020, 11,239 people lived there. It is the second biggest city in Leavenworth County. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.

The Lansing Correctional Facility (used to be called the Kansas State Penitentiary), which includes the state's main maximum-security prison, is in Lansing.
Lansing is named for James Lansing. He was a pioneer settler.

Lansing is at (39.242592, -94.89632). The city is on the western bank of the Missouri River. The river also creates the Kansas-Missouri state border. It is bordered by the city of Leavenworth to the north; Kansas City is less than a half-hour to the southeast. U.S. Route 73 goes through the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.ref name="CenPopGazetteer2020"/>

The 2020 census says there were 11,239 people, 3,432 households, and 2,566 families living in Lansing. Of the households, 72.4% owned their home and 27.6% rented their home.

The median age was 38.9 years. Of the people, 75.5% were White, 11.3% were Black, 1.6% were Asian, 0.7% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 1.8% were from some other race, and 8.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says there were 11,265 people, 3,180 households, and 2,496 families living in Lansing.

Lansing Unified School District (USD 469), with four schools, has more than 2,000 students.


Haysville, Kansas

Haysville is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 11,262 people lived there. Haysville is known as the "Peach Capital of Kansas".

Haysville is at (37.566059, -97.353513). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Haysville is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 11,262 people, 4,133 households, and 2,988 families living in Haysville. Of the households, 69.8% owned their home and 30.2% rented their home.

The median age was 34.8 years. Of the people, 84.6% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 1.4% were Asian, 1.0% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.7% were from some other race, and 9.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 10,826 people, 3,857 households, and 2,932 families living in Haysville.

The Haysville government has a mayor and eight council members. The council meets the 2nd and 4th Monday of each month at 7PM.


Bongkel

The Bongkel is a musical instrument from Indonesia. It is made from bamboo in the Banyumasan region.

Rif Dimashq Governorate

Rif Dimashq Governorate ( "", literally, the "Governorate of the Countryside of Damascus", Damascus Suburb) is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria. It is in the southwestern part of the country. It borders the governorates of Quneitra, Daraa and al-Suwayda (comprising the historic Hauran region) in the southwest, Homs in the north, Lebanon in the west and Jordan in the south. The capital is the city of Douma.

The Governorate completely surrounds the city-governorate of Damascus and it has an area of 18,032 km² and a population of 2,273,074 (2004 census).

The governorate is divided into ten districts ( ; manatiq). There were nine district until February 2009, when Qudsaya District was created from parts of Markaz Rif Dimashq and Al-Zabadani districts. The districts are further divided into 37 sub-districts.There is a small village belonging to the Damascus countryside (Ghouta) called Aqraba, which is characterized by its fields and agricultural orchards. ( ;nawahi).

Damascus Governorate

Damascus Governorate ( "") is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria. Completely surrounded by the Rif Dimashq Governorate, it consists only of the city of Damascus, the capital of Syria, and the suburb of Yarmouk Camp.

The governorate's area is around 107 km, encompassing the area of the city of Damascus and the Yarmouk Camp, while the population is around 1,711,000.

Damascus occupies a strategic location on a plateau which rises 680 m (2,230 ft) above sea level and about 80 km (50 mi) inland from the Mediterranean, sheltered by the Anti-Lebanon mountains, supplied with water by the Barada River. The Anti-Lebanon mountains which mark the border between Syria and Lebanon, bock precipitation from the Mediterranean sea, so that the region of Damascus is sometimes subject to droughts. However, in ancient times this was mitigated by the Barada River, which originates from mountain streams fed by melting snow. Damascus is surrounded by the Ghouta, an irrigated farmland where many vegetables, cereals, and fruits have been farmed since ancient times.

The governorate occupies an area of 107 km, 79 km of which is urban (77 in Damascus, 2 in Yarmouk Camp) while the rest is occupied by Mount Qasioun which overlooks the city.

Damascus has a cold desert climate ("BWk") in Köppen-Geiger system, due to the rain shadow effect of the Anti-Lebanon mountains and the prevailing ocean currents. Summers are dry and hot with less humidity. Winters are cool and somewhat rainy; snowfall is infrequent. Annual rainfall is around , occurring from October to May.

Typhoon Wutip (2019)

Typhoon Wutip was a tropical cyclone that formed on February 18, 2019 and disappeared in March 2, 2019. It caused a lot of destruction in Guam and Micronesia.

The storm formed in mid-February, its intensity reached its peak on February 25, and had the lowest central pressure of any February tropical cyclone, surpassing Higos in 2015.

On February 16, a low-pressure area formed to the south of Marshall Islands. It moved westward, passing just south of the Federated States of Micronesia. On February 18, the system became a tropical depression, and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) initiated advisories on the system, with the Joint Typhoon Warning Center giving the storm the identifier 02W. On February 20, Tropical Depression 02W strengthened into a tropical storm and received the name Wutip from the JMA.

Typhoon warnings were issued in large parts of Micronesia, including Yap State.

On February 23, the storm was packing 1-minute sustained winds of 193 km/h (120 mph), making it a Category typhoon, while also generating wave heights up to 12.5 m (41 ft), with wind gusts reaching 240 km/h (150 mph). Later that day, Wutip reached its initial peak intensity, with 10-minute sustained winds of 185 km/h (115 mph), 1-minute sustained winds of 250 km/h (155 mph), and a minimum central pressure of 925 millibars (27.3 inHg), making the storm a high-end Category 4-equivalent super typhoon as it passed to the southwest of Guam. This also allowed Wutip to surpass Typhoon Higos from 2015 as the strongest February typhoon on record.
On February 24, Typhoon Wutip finished its eyewall replacement cycle and quickly re-intensified, resuming a trend of rapid intensification. Early on February 25, at 06:00 UTC, Wutip peaked as a Category 5-equivalent super typhoon, with 10-minute sustained winds of 195 km/h (120 mph), 1-minute sustained winds of 260 km/h (160 mph), making Wutip the most powerful February typhoon recorded.

On February 27, 2019, at 9:00 UTC, the National Weather Service of Tiyan, Guam noted that Typhoon Wutip was located near 16.3°N and 139.4°E, about 410 miles west-northwest of Guam, and about 430 miles west-northwest of Saipan. Wutip's 1-minute sustained winds had also decreased to 145 km/h (90 mph). Wutip made a turn to the west-northwest while rapidly weakening, due to the wrong conditions. On February 28, Wutip weakened into a tropical depression. On the same day, Wutip was given the name Betty by the PAGASA, as the storm entered that agency's area of responsibility in the Philippine Sea. On March 1, Wutip made a clockwise loop to the west, before dissipating on the next day. 

Damages in Guam and Micronesia were at $3.3 million.

On Guam, Civil defense officials warned that the island was expected to experience tropical storm force winds between 64–72 km/h (40–45 mph) and rainfall totals of up to 6 inches (15.24 centimeters), and they advised the residents of Guam residents to stay indoors until the storm had passed. Wutip caused power outages across the island when it passed through the area on February 23.

Back on Federated States of Micronesia, it passed over Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Yap states in the Federated States of Micronesia from February 19–22 as a Category 2 typhoon with sustained wind speeds of more than 160 km/h (100 mph). Wutip left at least 165 people homeless and leaving approximately 160 houses damaged or destroyed in both Chuuk and Yap.

2019 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2019 Atlantic hurricane season was the fourth consecutive season of above-average and damaging seasons dating back to 2016. This hurricane season has 20 tropical cyclones and 18 named storms in total in which tropical cyclones were formed in the Northern Hemisphere at the Atlantic basin. The season officially began on June 1, 2019, and ended on November 30, 2019.

Subtropical Storm Andrea formed on May 20, making 2019 the fifth consecutive season in which storms formed before the official start of the hurricane season; this breaks the record of four consecutive years set in 1951-1954. Barry became the first hurricane of the season in early July. Hurricane Dorian became a first major hurricane of the season in late August, and later became a Category 5 hurricane on September 1, making 2019 the fourth consecutive season to feature at least one Category 5 hurricane (Matthew in 2016; Irma and Maria in 2017; Michael in 2018). Tropical Storm Imelda formed on September 17 and caused catastrophic flooding over Southeast Texas, making Imelda one of the wettest tropical cyclones in U.S. history. Hurricane Lorenzo became a second Category 5 hurricane of the season on September 29, making 2019 one of the Atlantic hurricane seasons to feature more than one Category 5 hurricane; and also, this made Lorenzo the easternmost Category 5 hurricane on record, surpassing Hurricane Hugo in 1989. The season ended with Tropical Storm Sebastian on November 25.

For a record fifth consecutive year, activity began before the official start of the season when Subtropical Storm Andrea formed on May 20. No storms formed in the month of June, but activity resumed in July when Hurricane Barry formed. Tropical Depression Three formed soon afterwards. After the dissipation of Three less than 24 hours later, the activity again suppressed. However, nearly a month later, on August 21, Tropical Storm Chantal formed, making the 2019 hurricane season the second latest starting season of the 21st century. Early on August 24, Chantal dissipated. Later that day, Dorian formed. On August 26, a tropical depression formed off the coast of North Carolina Carolina.

Des Coleman

Desune Franklin "Des" Coleman (born 14 March 1975) is a British actor, singer
and weather presenter. He is known for his role of Lenny Wallace in BBC's "EastEnders". In 2007 and a standby weather presenter for Laura Tobin on the ITV breakfast programme "Good Morning Britain". He became the weatherman for BBC's "East Midlands Today" but was fired in 2011. In 2016, he joined ITV Central's "ITV News Central" as the weather presenter.

Coleman spent time in prison in his twenties. While at acting school, Coleman was diagnosed with a form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. He is in remission.

In November 2018, Coleman was rushed to hospital after a collapse due to hemorrhage in the bowels. He underwent surgery to remove tumors in his bowel and spent two days on life-support. He made a recovery three months later in February 2019.


2003 Cricket World Cup

The 2003 ICC Cricket World Cup was the eighth edition of the tournament. It was the first World Cup held in Africa, co-hosted by South Africa, Zimbabwe and Kenya. Australia won the tournament for the third time, defeating India in the final.


Dieter Enders

Dieter Enders (17 March 1946 – 29 June 2019) was a German organic chemist. He was known for his work creating asymmetric synthesis, such as using modified prolines as asymmetric auxiliaries. He was born in Butzbach, Hesse. Enders worked at RWTH Aachen University in Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Enders died on 29 June 2019 in Aachen at the age of 73.


Astrid North

Astrid North (born Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973 – 25 June 2019) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band . She released five albums with them. She was also a guest singer of the band for which she published three albums. North was born in Berlin.

North died on 25 June 2019 from pancreatic cancer in Berlin, aged 45.


M. J. Radhakrishnan

M. J. Radhakrishnan (1957/1958 – 12 July 2019) was an Indian cinematographer. He worked in Malayalam movies. He was born in Punalur, Kollam. His best known works included "Deshadanam", "Karunam" and "Naalu Pennungal". 

Radhakrishnan died on 12 July 2019 from cardiac arrest at a hospital in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala at the age of 61.

Claudio Naranjo

Claudio Benjamín Naranjo Cohen (24 November 1932 – 12 July 2019) was a Chilean-born American psychiatrist and writer. He was known as an important person in integrating psychotherapy and the spiritual traditions. He was known as the co-creator of the Enneagram of Personality theories and a founder of the Seekers After Truth Institute. 

Naranjo died on 12 July 2019 at his home in Berkeley, California at the age of 86.


Thousand Palms, California

Thousand Palms is a census-designated place (CDP) in the Coachella Valley of Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 7,967 at the 2020 census. Thousand Palms is located at .

Rumen Surdzhiyski

Rumen Ivanov Surdzhiyski (Bulgarian: "Ру́мен Ивано́в Сурджийски"; 24 September 1943 – 11 July 2019) was a Bulgarian movie director and screenwriter. His career began in 1968. He was born in Glozhene, Vratsa Province, Bulgaria. Surdzhiyski was known for his movies "Swan" (1976), "Snapshots as Souvenirs" (1979) and "Place Under the Sun" (1986).

Surdzhiyski died on 11 July 2019 in Sofia at the age of 75.


Asasey hotel attack

On 12 July 2019, al-Shabaab militants launched an attack on the Asasey hotel in Kismayo, Somalia. 

Two notable journalists were killed in the attack including a Somali Canadian, Hodan Nalayeh. Three Kenyans, three Tanzanians, two Americans and a Briton were also killed in the attack.

Hodan Nalayeh

Hodan Nalayeh (; ; 1976 – July 12, 2019) was a Somali-Canadian media executive, marketing consultant, social activist and businesswoman. She was the President of the Cultural Integration Agency and the Vice President of Sales & Programming Development of Cameraworks Productions International. She was also a television producer who worked on "American Idol" and "So You Think You Can Dance". She was born in Las Anod, Somalia.

She lived in Toronto, Ontario. Nalayeh and her husband Farid were killed during a terrorist attack at Hotel Asasey in Kismayo, Somalia, on July 12, 2019.


Plains, Pennsylvania

Plains is a census-designated place (CDP) in Plains Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population of the CDP was 4,293 at the 2020 census, out of 9,808 in the entire township.

Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania

Lackawanna County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 215,896. Its county seat and largest city is Scranton.

Joseph Edward Kurtz

Joseph Edward Kurtz (born August 18, 1946) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the fourth and current Archbishop of Louisville, Kentucky since 2007. He was the Bishop of Knoxville, Tennessee from 1999 to 2007. Kurtz also was the President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops between 2013 and 2016.

Kurtz was born in Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Scranton, Pennsylvania. In July 2019, Kurtz was diagnosed with a form of bladder cancer.


Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania

Mahanoy City (pronounced MAHA-noy) is a borough located southwest of Wilkes-Barre and 13 miles southwest of Hazleton. It is located entirely within but is not part of Mahanoy Township. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,499.

Social gadfly

A social gadfly is a term for people who like to upset the status quo by asking upsetting or original questions. A gadfly tries to stimulate innovation by annoying others. 

This word was coined by Socrates.

Georgian Bay Islands National Park

Georgian Bay Islands National Park () is a national park in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada. The park is made up of 63 different small islands and parts of islands in Georgian Bay near Port Severn, Ontario. The largest island in the park is Beausoleil Island.

Orlando Pride

Orlando Pride are are a soccer team founded in 2015. 

Chandrayaan-2

Chandrayaan-2, meaning Lunar Craft or Moon Craft, ( ) is India's second moon mission after Chandrayaan-1. Made by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), the mission was launched from the second launch pad at Satish Dhawan Space Centre on 22 July 2019 at 2:43 PM IST (09:13 UTC) to the Moon by a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark III (GSLV Mk III). A proper landing on the lunar south pole would make India the 4th country to achieve a soft landing on the Moon, after the space agencies of the USA, USSR, and China. The mission landing was expected on 7 September 2019 at 01:55 AM IST (6 September 2019, 20:25 UTC) but crashed when it lost communication at a 2100 metre altitude.

On 12 November 2007, the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) and ISRO agreed to work together on the Chandrayaan-2 project. ISRO would be in charge of the orbiter and rover, while Roscosmos was to build the lander. The design of the spacecraft was completed in August 2009, with scientists of both countries conducting a joint review.

Although ISRO finalised the payload for Chandrayaan-2 on schedule, the mission was moved to 2016 because Russia was unable to build the lander on time. When Russia decided it would not be able to build a lander by 2015, India decided to develop the lunar mission on its own.

The spacecraft's launch had been scheduled for March 2018, but was delayed. Two of the lander's legs got minor damage during one of the tests in February 2019, making the launch date even later.

The main goals of Chandrayaan-2 are to demonstrate the ability to soft-land on the lunar surface and operate a robotic rover on the surface. Studies of lunar topography,mineralogy, elemental abundance, the lunar exosphere, and signatures of hydroxyl and water ice are the scientific goals. The orbiter will survey the lunar surface and help to prepare 3D maps of it. The onboard radar will also survey the surface while studying the water ice in the lunar south pole and thickness of the Lunar soil on the surface.

Kanchi Natarajan Gandhi

Kanchi Natarajan Gandhi (born 1948) is a botanist and curator.
This author is usually abbreviated «Gandhi» when citing a botanical name.

Piptochaetium fuscum Barworth, Cialdella et Gandhi

Cisco Systems

Cisco Systems, Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in San Jose, California, in the center of Silicon Valley. Cisco develops, manufactures and sells networking hardware, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products. Through its numerous acquired subsidiaries, such as OpenDNS, WebEx, Jabber and Jasper, Cisco specializes into specific tech markets, such as Internet of Things (IoT), domain security and energy management.

Cisco stock was added to the Dow Jones Industrial Average on June 8, 2009, and is also included in the S&P 500 Index, the Russell 1000 Index, NASDAQ-100 Index and the Russell 1000 Growth Stock Index.

Cisco Systems was founded in December 1984 by Leonard Bosack and Sandy Lerner, two Stanford University computer scientists. They pioneered the concept of a local area network (LAN) being used to connect geographically disparate computers over a multiprotocol router system. By the time the company went public in 1990, Cisco had a market capitalization of $224 million. By the end of the dot-com bubble in the year 2000, Cisco had a more than $500 billion market capitalization.

Ratchaburi province

Ratchaburi Province (, ) or Rat Buri () is one of the western provinces ("changwat") of Thailand.

Ratchaburi Province is a medium-sized province with an area of about . The eastern part of the province contains the flat river plains of the Mae Klong, crisscrossed by many khlongs. The most famous tourist spot in this area is the Damnoen Saduak Floating Market. The west of the province is more mountainous, and includes the Tenasserim Hills. As the mountains are made mostly of limestone, there are several caves containing stalactites. Some caves are inhabited by large colonies of bats, and it is an impressive sight when they swarm out in the evening to feed. Other caves like the Khao Bin are accessible for visitors.

The main river of the western part is the Phachi River. On the left bank of the Phachi is the Chaloem Phrakiat Thai Prachan National Park.

The area of Ratchaburi Province is divided into three parts. First, the border in the west which is shared with Myanmar and is about long. The second contains the Tenasserim mountains and forests with an elevation of about 200–300 meters. The central area of the province is rich in wetlands due to river flow. Ratchaburi has important natural resources are forest which it have area about 38 percent of the province. Moreover, it has minerals such as tin, tantalum, feldspar, quartz, limestone, and marlstone.

The history of the city of Ratchaburi dates back to the Dvaravati period, when it was an important city of the Mon Kingdom. Of the city of Khu Bua nearby only ruins remains. According to legend it dates back to the mythical Suvannabhumi Kingdom predating Dvaravati.

"Ratchaburi" means 'the land of the king'. Ratchaburi dates back to ancient times and was important during the Dvaravati period. The city of Ratchburi is on the banks of the Mae Klong River and was a town of the Suvarnabhumi Kingdom. 

Hill tribes, mostly Karen living near the Myanmar border, make up about one percent of the population. Some Mon, Lawa, Lao, Chinese and Khmer minorities live in the province.

Ratchaburi is 98.3 percent Buddhist.

Damnoen Saduak floating market Damnoen Saduak Floating Market is in Damnoen Saduak District. It shows the people's lifestyle and the importance of the river as a mean of commerce.

Wat Phra Si Ratana Mahathat An ancient temple, locally called Wat Na Phra That, is on the west bank of the Mae Klong River in town. Its elegant prangs or pagoda remains in good condition and was probably copied from Cambodia's Angkor Wat.

Murals of Wat Khongkharam At a Mon monastery over 200 years old and originally called "Wat Klang" or "Phia To". King Mongkut gave it a new name as "Wat Khongkharam". It is Photharam, some 22 kilometres from Ratchaburi.

Bo Khloung Hot Stream - Five kilometers beyond Suan Phung. The stream is full of mineral water. The water flows all year round from the Tanaosi Range. Its temperature ranges between 50-68 degrees Celsius.

Kaew Chan Waterfall or Nine-Level waterfall - is one kilometer from Bo Khlung hot stream.

Khao Bin Cave About 22 kilometres from Ratchaburi city centre is the mountain range of "Khao Bin", or "Flying Mount" which is home to the cave of the same name.

Khao Wang A hill that is about 44 metres high and was originally called "Khao Sattanat". It is two kilometers west of the town.





Sunninghill Park

Sunninghill Park was a country house and estate of about directly north of Cheapside. 

The early 19th century house burned down in 1947 and a replacement was built in the grounds during the final years of the 1980s to be the official residence of the Duke of York from 1990 until 2004; it was sold in 2007. The house fell into disrepair and was demolished in 2016.

Sunninghill Park was originally part of Windsor Forest until 1630, when King Charles I granted it to Thomas Carey. The first significant house was built on the estate in the late Georgian period in the early 19th century, being a stucco building of two stories with later additions.

It served as the headquarters of the American Ninth Air Force from November 1943 to September 1944. The Crown Estate Commissioners purchased the property from Philip Hill in 1945. The main house was to be occupied by Princess Elizabeth (later Queen Elizabeth II) and her future husband, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, after their wedding in November 1947. However, the house burned down on 30 August 1947 before their wedding, so they rented Windlesham Moor instead. In the mid-1960s, the site was considered for a new home for Princess Margaret.

In 1986, the walled garden of was purchased from the Crown Estate Commissioners on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II. Construction commenced on a two-storey red brick house the following year, for it to be the home of the Duke and Duchess of York and was completed in 1990.

Following the death of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother in 2002, it was announced that the Duke of York was to be designated her former home Royal Lodge, Windsor instead. The Duke of York and his former wife shared the family's home until 2004, when he moved to the Royal Lodge, the refurbishment of which was funded by taking out a mortgage on Sunninghill Park. The Duchess of York moved out in 2006. 

The house fell into an increasing state of disrepair. By 2009, it had "doors hanging open, weeds sprouting through the terrace paving, windows broken, grass growing through the cover over the empty swimming pool, peeling paintwork and a general air of dereliction." In July 2009, Bracknell Forest Borough Council were said to be considering seizing the property under the Housing Act 2004 and using it as a homeless shelter, following several reported break-ins. In 2013 the owner was granted planning permission to demolish it and replace it with a larger house, and in 2014, photos showed the former royal home appeared to be seriously dilapidated. Demolition was temporarily halted when more than 100 bats were found roosting under its roof, before its actual demolition.


SkyTeam Cargo

SkyTeam Cargo is a global cargo alliance in which all members are also members of the SkyTeam airline alliance. SkyTeam Cargo is the largest cargo alliance, it competes with the WOW Alliance.

Following the founding of the SkyTeam on 22 June 2000, the creation of its cargo division, "SkyTeam Cargo", was announced in September that year. The alliance's inaugural members were Aeroméxico Cargo, Air France Cargo, Delta Air Logistics, and Korean Air Cargo, whose passenger airline operations are members of SkyTeam.


Maraging Steel

Maraging steels are iron-nickel alloys with cobalt, molybdenum, titanium and aluminium added. They do not have carbon. The term maraging comes from the strengthening mechanism, which is transforming the alloy to martensite with subsequent age hardening.

2019 Audi Cup

The 2019 Audi Cup (the sixth edition of the Audi Cup) will be a two-day football tournament in Munich, Germany. The participating teams are Bayern Munich, Real Madrid, Tottenham Hotspur, and Fenerbahçe.

Aranyaka

The Aranyakas (; Sanskrit: "" ) is the philosophy behind sacrifice of the ancient Hindu sacred texts, the Vedas. They are usually part of the later parts of Vedas, and are one of many layers of the Vedic text. The other parts of Vedas are the Samhitas (benedictions, hymns), Brahmanas (commentary), and the Upanishads (spirituality and abstract philosophy).



Time in India

The Republic of India uses one time zone, which is Indian Standard Time (IST). This is 5:30 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. India does not observe Daylight Saving Time (DST).



Eurovision Song Contest 2020

The Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was a cancelled singing competition that was to be held in The Netherlands, after Duncan Laurence won the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the song ”Arcade”. 
On 18 March 2020, it was announced that the contest would be cancelled due to the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic in Europe. It's the first in the history of the contest to be cancelled.

After the show was cancelled, the European Broadcasting Union organised a replacement show called , to show the selected entries in place of the Grand Final on 16 May. Rotterdam remained as the host city of the next year's contest.

Due to the rules of the Contest, the entries from the cancelled 2020 Contest were not allowed to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021. However, many of the original artists returned with new songs while others were replaced.

Brian Giles

Brian Stephen Giles (JAYH-ulz; born January 20, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. During his career he played for the Cleveland Indians, Pittsburgh Pirates and San Diego Padres. The left-handed Giles was a two-time All-Star and had a career line of .291/.400/.502 with 287 home runs, 411 doubles, 1,078 runs batted in (RBI), and 1,183 walks in 1,847 games. Although a bit suspect with the glove, Giles was a do-it-all batter at the plate, posting one of the highest OPS of all-time. During his prime, Giles carried a stagnant Pittsburgh Pirates offense as the main batting prowess outside of Aramis Ramírez in the lineup and posted an OPS over 1. He received MVP votes every year during this time.

Giles was known for his unique, low-crouched batting stance at the plate, similar to Jeff Bagwell.

His younger brother, Marcus Giles, is a former Major League infielder who was most notable for playing with the Atlanta Braves organization.

Benito Santiago

Benito Santiago Rivera (born March 9, 1965) is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball catcher, who played for twenty seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Santiago was considered the premier catcher in the National League (NL). Santiago was not a great batter and showed little pop at the plate, but he is considered one of the greatest defensive catchers of all time. As a veteran catcher, he was known for his patience with helping rookie pitchers adapt to the new challenges posed by the major leagues.

Jason Kendall

Jason Daniel Kendall (born June 26, 1974) is an American former professional baseball catcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1996 through 2010 for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Oakland Athletics, Chicago Cubs, Milwaukee Brewers, and Kansas City Royals. He is the son of former catcher Fred Kendall, who played in the majors from 1969–1980. Not known for his batting abilities and lacking in power, Kendall was a great defensive catcher.

Mike Matheny

Michael Scott Matheny (born September 22, 1970) is an American former professional baseball player and manager. He is currently a special adviser for player development for the Kansas City Royals. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for 13 seasons as a catcher for the Milwaukee Brewers, Toronto Blue Jays, St. Louis Cardinals and San Francisco Giants. Matheny's best years were spent with the Cardinals. He won four Rawlings Gold Glove Awards. Matheny holds the National League record for most consecutive games caught without making an error as a catcher. He is considered one of the greatest defensive catchers of all time.

Matheny later managed the St. Louis Cardinals. As manager, Matheny's teams won one National League (NL) pennant and three NL Central division titles. He bats and throws right-handed, stands 6 feet 3 inches (1.91 m) tall, and weighs 205 pounds (93 kg).

Torii Hunter

Torii Kedar Hunter (/ˈtɔːriː/; born July 18, 1975) is an American former professional baseball center fielder and right fielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Minnesota Twins, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and Detroit Tigers from 1997 through 2015. Hunter was a five-time All-Star, won a major league record nine consecutive Gold Glove Awards as a center fielder, and was a two-time Silver Slugger Award winner. Hunter was known for his trademark ability to rob batters of home runs at the outfield wall, particularly as the center fielder for the Twins. Hunter is regarded as arguably the greatest defensive outfielder of all time.

Escort agency

An escort agency is a company that provides escorts for clients, usually for sexual services. Individual girls who provide this kind of service are known as call girls. The practice is close to being prostitution.

There are escort agencies which provide escorts for occasions or for a visit to an event. This is a more legitimate service. Such agencies provide security, especially for females attending an event.

Tracy Edwards

Tracy Edwards is a sailboat racer. In 1989 she organized an 12-woman crew to participate in the "Whitbread Round the World Race". It was rare for women to sail in those days. The duration of this race was nine months.

A documentary called "Maiden" was made about the race.

Oak Hill Cemetery (Lawrence, Kansas)

The Oak Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Lawrence, Kansas. It was first created as a way for the people of Lawrence to remember those who were killed in Quantrill's Raid. Some famous people from Kansas are buried there. They include Charles L. Robinson, John P. Usher, and James H. Lane. It was built in 1866.

Adriano Andreani

Adriano Andreani (14 September 1879 – 20 October 1960) was an Italian gymnast. He competed in the men's team event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.


William Bonin

William George Bonin (8 January 1947-23 February, 1996) also known as The Freeway Killer and Mr. Ugly was an American serial killer. He raped, tortured, and killed of at least 21 children and young people in 1979 and 1980 in Southern California. Bonin is also suspected of 15 more murders. Described by the prosecutor in his first trial as "the most diabolical person that ever existed," Bonin was convicted of 14 murders in two separate trials in 1982 and 1983. He was executed by lethal injection in San Quentin State Prison on February 23, 1996.

Manu Ginóbili

Emanuel David Ginóbili (born 28 July 1977) is an Argentine retired professional basketball player. Over a 23-season professional career, he became one of only two players to have won a EuroLeague title, an NBA championship, and an Olympic gold medal. A four-time NBA champion, Ginóbili was a member of the San Antonio Spurs for his entire NBA career. Along with Spurs teammates Tim Duncan and Tony Parker, he was known as one of the "Big Three".

Ginóbili comes from a family of professional basketball players. He spent the early part of his career in Argentina and Italy, where he holds dual citizenship, and won several individual and team honors. His stint with Italian club Kinder Bologna was particularly successful; he won two Italian League MVP awards, the EuroLeague Finals MVP and the 2001 EuroLeague championship and Triple Crown. Selected as the 57th overall pick in the 1999 NBA draft, Ginóbili joined the Spurs in 2002, and soon became a key player for the team. In addition to his four NBA championships, Ginóbili was named an All-Star in 2005 and 2011, and has been selected twice for the All-NBA Team. In 2007–08, he was named the NBA Sixth Man of the Year. Ginóbili announced his retirement on 27 August 2018.

Jason Richardson

Jason Anthoney Richardson (born January 20, 1981) is an American former professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Richardson was taken by the Golden State Warriors as the fifth overall pick in the 2001 NBA draft after playing college basketball for Michigan State University. He won the NBA Dunk Contest in both 2002 and 2003, becoming the second player, after Michael Jordan, to win the competition back-to-back. Richardson has also played for the Charlotte Bobcats, Phoenix Suns, Orlando Magic, and the Philadelphia 76ers.

Kemba Walker

Kemba Hudley Walker (born May 8, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Walker was drafted ninth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats. Walker grew up in The Bronx, New York, and graduated from Rice High School in 2008. He played college basketball for the Connecticut Huskies. In the 2010–11 season, Walker was a consensus first-team All-American. He was the second-leading college basketball scorer in the nation and led the Huskies to the 2011 NCAA championship and was named the tournament's most outstanding player. He is a three-time NBA All-Star.

Chauncey Billups

Chauncey Ray Billups (born September 25, 1976) is retired American professional basketball player. He played 17 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). A star at the University of Colorado Boulder, he was selected third overall in the 1997 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics. A five-time NBA All-Star and a three-time All-NBA selection, Billups played for the Boston Celtics, Toronto Raptors, Denver Nuggets, Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons, New York Knicks, and Los Angeles Clippers during his NBA career. He won the NBA Finals MVP in 2004 after helping the Pistons beat the Los Angeles Lakers in the Finals, and was given the nickname "Mr. Big Shot" for making late-game shots with Detroit. The Pistons retired his #1 jersey in 2016.

In 2004, Billups was honored by the University of Colorado by being the fifth player to have his jersey (number 4) retired.

Fausto Sozzini

Fausto Paolo Sozzini, also known as "Faustus Socinus" or "Faust Socyn", was an Italian theologian and founder of the school of Christian thought known as "Socinianism" and the main theologian of the Minor Reformed Church of Poland.

Glen Davis

Ronald Glen "Big Baby" Davis (born January 1, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the St. John's Edge of the National Basketball League of Canada. He played for the Boston Celtics, Orlando Magic and Los Angeles Clippers in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

After playing college basketball with LSU, Davis was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics with the 35th overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft. Shortly thereafter, he was traded to the Boston Celtics, with whom he won the 2008 NBA Finals.

Emeka Okafor

Chukwuemeka Ndubuisi "Emeka" Okafor (born September 28, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. Okafor attended Bellaire High School in Bellaire, Texas and the University of Connecticut, where in 2004 he won a national championship. Okafor played for the University of Connecticut from 2001 to 2004 where he was teammates with Charlie Villanueva, Marcus Williams, Ben Gordon, Hilton Armstrong and Josh Boone, who all went on to play in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He majored in finance during his time at Connecticut, and he graduated with honors after three years in May 2004 with a 3.8 GPA. Okafor was named the Academic All-American of the Year in 2004 for his work on and off the court. On February 5, 2007, he was inducted to the Husky Ring Of Honor at Gampel Pavilion on the University of Connecticut campus in Storrs during halftime of the men's basketball game against the Syracuse Orange as part of a ceremony which recognized personal accomplishments of 13 former players and 3 coaches.

Boris Diaw

Boris Babacar Diaw-Riffiod, better known as Boris Diaw (born April 16, 1982), is a French retired professional basketball player. Diaw, who began his professional career in Pro A, returned to that league after 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He plays mostly at power forward. In 2006, Diaw was named the NBA's Most Improved Player as a member of the Phoenix Suns. He won an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs in 2014. He is the current president of Metropolitans 92.

Diaw represents the senior French national basketball team internationally. He won a FIBA World Cup bronze medal in 2014, a EuroBasket title in 2013, a silver medal in EuroBasket 2011, and two bronze in EuroBasket 2005 and EuroBasket 2015. He earned an All-EuroBasket Team selection in 2005.

Amar'e Stoudemire

Amar'e Carsares Stoudemire (born November 16, 1982) is an American-Israeli professional basketball coach and former player. He serves as player development assistant for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2003 with the Phoenix Suns, who selected him with the ninth overall pick of the 2002 NBA draft. He made six appearances in the NBA All-Star Game and was named to the All-NBA Team five times, including one first-team selection in 2007. Amar'e Stoudamire was inducted into Phoenix Suns Ring of Honor on March 2, 2024.

Stoudemire played high school basketball for three schools, ultimately graduating from Cypress Creek High School in Orlando, Florida, and declaring for the NBA draft as a prep-to-pro player. He won several prep honors, including being selected as Florida's Mr. Basketball. Stoudemire suffered from chronic knee problems during his career and underwent microfracture surgery on both knees. He played for the Suns, the New York Knicks, the Dallas Mavericks, and the Miami Heat before retiring from the NBA in 2016.

Stoudemire won a bronze medal with the United States national team at the 2004 Olympic Games. His off-court ventures include a record label, a clothing line, acting and a series of children's books for Scholastic Press. In addition, Stoudemire owns a significant share of Hapoel Jerusalem, the team he won a championship with in 2017. He was the 2020 Israeli Basketball Premier League Finals MVP.

Shawn Marion

Shawn Dwayne Marion (born May 7, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player who played 16 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Marion finished his career as a four-time NBA All-Star and a one-time NBA champion, helping the Dallas Mavericks win their maiden title in 2011. Nicknamed "The Matrix" by former NBA player Kenny Smith during the preseason of his rookie year, he was widely regarded as one of the most versatile players in the league because of his athleticism and ability to play and defend many positions. He was also known for his unorthodox shooting form.

Leandro Barbosa

Leandro Mateus Barbosa (born November 28, 1982), also known as Leandrinho Barbosa, is a Brazilian professional basketball player for Minas of the Novo Basquete Brasil (NBB). He also represented the senior Brazilian national basketball team. He previously won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award, with the Suns in 2007, and an NBA championship with the Golden State Warriors, in 2015. In Brazil, he is also commonly known by his nickname "Leandrinho" ("Little Leandro") Barbosa, and in the USA he is nicknamed "The Brazilian Blur", referring to his playing speed. At a height of 1.92 m (6' 3⁄") tall, he plays at the shooting guard position.

Robert Horry

Robert Keith Horry (born August 25, 1970) is an American retired basketball player and current sports commentator. He played 16 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA), winning seven championships, the most of any player not to have played on the 1960s Boston Celtics. He is one of only two players (the other is John Salley) to have won NBA championships with three teams: two with the Houston Rockets, three with the Los Angeles Lakers and two with the San Antonio Spurs. He earned the nickname Big Shot Bob because of his clutch shooting in important games; he is widely considered to be one of the greatest clutch performers and winners in NBA history. Horry now works as a commentator on Spectrum SportsNet.

Brent Barry

Brent Robert Barry (born December 31, 1971), commonly known by the nickname Bones, is an American basketball executive, broadcaster and former player. He is the current vice president of basketball operations for the San Antonio Spurs. The 6 ft 7 in (2.01 m), 210 lb (95 kg; 15 st) shooting guard played professionally in the National Basketball Association, winning two championships with the Spurs, and also won the 1996 NBA Slam Dunk Contest. He is the son of former NBA player Rick Barry.

After retiring, Barry worked as a sports commentator for the "NBA on TNT" and was a studio host for the NBA TV show "NBA Gametime". In 2018, he returned to the Spurs as an executive.

Charles Levin (actor)

Charles Levin (March 12, 1949 – July 8, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for the role of Elliot Novak on the series "Alice" and as Eddie Gregg on "Hill Street Blues" from 1982 to 1986. Levin has guest roles on "The Golden Girls", "Seinfeld", "Punky Brewster", "Law & Order" and "Designing Women".

On July 8, 2019, it was revealed that Levin has been missing for several days. His car was found on July 12 near Selma, Oregon. On July 14, at the age of 70.

Selma, Oregon

Selma is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Josephine County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 661. It is located in the ZIP code of 97538.

Gerald Weissmann

Gerald Weissmann (August 7, 1930 – July 10, 2019) was an Austrian-born American physician, editor, and essayist. He was Professor Emeritus and Research Professor of Medicine (Rheumatology) at New York University School of Medicine. He was Editor-in-Chief (2006–16) of "The FASEB Journal". 

In 1965, Weissmann was one of the discoverers of Liposomes. He was born in Vienna, Austria. Weissmann died on July 10, 2019 in Cambridge, Massachusetts at the age of 88.

Jean-Pierre Worms

Jean-Pierre Worms (16 July 1934 – 12 July 2019) was a French sociologist and politician. He was born in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine. Worms was a Deputy from 1981 to 1993.

Worms died on 12 July 2019 at the age of 84.

Augusto Fantozzi

Augusto Fantozzi (24 June 1940 – 13 July 2019) was an Italian lawyer, tax expert, academic, businessman and politician. He was Minister of Economy and Finance from 1995 to 1996. He was also Minister of Foreign Trade from 1996 to 1998. Fantozzi was born in Rome. He was a member of The Olive Tree.

Fantozzi died on 13 July 2019 in Rome at the age of 79.

Sadashiv Vasantrao Gorakshkar

Sadashiv Vasantrao Gorakshkar (31 May 1933 – 13 July 2019) was an Indian writer, art critic, museologist and a director of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya. He was known for his restoration of "Lakshmibai Pitre Kalasangrahalaya", a museum in Devrukh, Maharashtra to its present state.

Gorakshkar was honoured by the Government of India in 2003 with Padma Shri, the fourth highest Indian civilian award.

Gorakshkar died on 13 July 2019 in Maharashtra at the age 86.

Rod Richards

Roderick Richards (12 March 1947 – 13 July 2019) was a British politician. He was a Conservative before joining UK Independence Party in 2013. He was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Clwyd North West, in Wales, from 1992 to 1997. 

Richards was also the Conservative leader in the National Assembly for Wales in 1999, after being elected as an Assembly Member for North Wales. He was born in Llanelli, Wales.

Richards died on 13 July 2019 in Penarth, Wales of cancer, aged 72.

Terry Hodgkinson

Terry Hodgkinson (30 March 1949 – 13 July 2019) was a British businessman. He was the Chairman of Yorkshire Forward, the Regional Development Agency for Yorkshire and the Humber. He was appointed on 14 December 2003 and stepped down in December 2010.

Hodgkinson died on 13 July 2019 at the age of 70.


Nereo Laroni

Nereo Laroni (2 September 1942 – 14 July 2019) was an Italian politician. Laroni was a member of the Italian Socialist Party and close ally of Bettino Craxi and Gianni De Michelis. He was the mayor of Venice from 1985 to 1987 and a member of the European Parliament from 1987 to 1994.

Laroni died on 14 July 2019 in Mestre, at age 76, of problems from heart surgery.

Richard Carter (actor)

Richard Carter (11 December 1953 – 13 July 2019) was an Australian actor. He was born in Sydney. His best known roles were in "Rabbit-Proof Fence", "Hating Alison Ashley", "", "Happy Feet Two", "Our Lips Are Sealed", "The Great Gatsby" and "".

Carter died in the early hours of 13 July 2019 after a brief illness at the age of 65.

Greg Daniels

Gregory Martin Daniels (born June 13, 1963) is an American television comedy writer, producer, and director. He is known for his work on many television series, including "Saturday Night Live", "The Simpsons", "Parks and Recreation", "King of the Hill" and "The Office". 

Daniels was born in New York City. He studied at Harvard University. His brother-in-law is Paul Lieberstein. Daniels won two Emmy Awards for his writing.

Communications Act

Communications Act may refer to:


Bennett's tree-kangaroo

Bennett's tree-kangaroo ("Dendrolagus bennettianus") is a large tree-kangaroo. Males can weigh from 11.5 kg up to almost 14 kg (25 to 31 lbs), and female about 8 to 10.6 kg (17.6 to 23 lbs). They are very agile and are able to leap 9 metres (30 ft) down to another branch. They have been known to drop as far as 18 metres (59 ft) to the ground without injury.

This very elusive (cryptic) tree-kangaroo is found in both mountain and lowland tropical rain forests south of Cooktown, Queensland to just north of the Daintree River. It is occasionally found in sclerophyll woodlands. It lives on the leaves of rainforest trees, notably "Schefflera actinophylla" (the umbrella tree), vines, ferns and various wild fruits.

The Bennett's tree-kangaroo is a herbivore. It eats leaves from 33 different plant species.

Now that it is rarely hunted by Aborigines, its main predators are pythons and the dingo. It is thought to be the closest tree-kangaroo to the ancestral form.

Like other tree-kangaroos it has longer forelimbs and shorter hindlimbs than terrestrial kangaroos and a long bushy tail. It is mostly dark brown above and lighter fawn on chin, throat and lower abdomen. The forehead and muzzle are greyish. The feet and hands are black. The tail has a black patch at the base and a light patch on the upper part. The ears are short and rounded.

Kameda College of Health Sciences

M-185 (Michigan highway)

M-185 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Michigan. It circles Mackinac Island. Mackinac Island is a popular tourist place on the Lake Huron side of the Straits of Mackinac. The highway is along the island's coast. The highway is a thin paved road that is long. There are scenic views of the straits that divide the Upper and the Lower peninsulas of Michigan. It also has views of Lakes Huron and Michigan. It doesn't connect to any other Michigan state highways. This is because it is on an island. People can only get to it by passenger ferry.

The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) says that the M-185 is "the only state highway in the nation where motor vehicles are banned". Traffic on it is by foot, on horse, by horse-drawn vehicle, or by bicycle. Cars have been banned on the island since the 1890s. Only a few vehicles have been allowed on the island other than the city's emergency vehicles. The highway was built during the first decade of the 20th century by the state. It was designated as a state highway in 1933. The highway was paved in the 1950s. Parts were rebuilt to deal with coastal erosion in the 1980s. Until an accident in 2005, it was the only state highway without any car accidents.

The highway is on Mackinac Island. That island is in Mackinac County. Milemarkers are posted in a counterclockwise way.

Monowi, Nebraska

Monowi ( ) is an incorporated village in Boyd County, Nebraska, United States. In 2010, only one person lived there. It is the only city in the United States with only one person living there.

The name "Monowi" means "flower" in an unknown Native American language. Monowi was named after the many wildflowers growing at the original place of the village.

Monowi was platted in 1902. This was when the Fremont, Elkhorn and Missouri Valley Railroad was extended to that point. A post office was created in Monowi in 1902. It was used until 1967.

Monowi's peak years were in the 1930s, when it had 150 people living there. Like many other small communities in the Great Plains, its younger residents moved to cities that were growing and had better jobs. During the 2000 census, the village had only two people; only one married couple, Rudy and Elsie Eiler, lived there. Rudy died in 2004. This made his wife the only remaining resident. She acts as mayor, giving herself a liquor license and paying taxes to herself. She is required to make a municipal road plan every year in order to get state funding for the village's four streetlights.

The United States Census Bureau says that the village has a total area of . All land of it is land. The village is in the far eastern part of Boyd County, in the northeastern part of Nebraska. It is between the Niobrara River and the bigger Missouri River. The closest community to Monowi is Lynch, which is about away. The village is about from Omaha.

Census data for Monowi is unique. In 2010:




Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie

Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie is a 2016 British comedy film directed by Mandie Fletcher and written by Jennifer Saunders, based on the television show "Absolutely Fabulous". It stars Saunders, Joanna Lumley, Julia Sawalha, June Whitfield in her final film role and Jane Horrocks. The film finds the drug-addicted, alcoholic PR agent Edina Monsoon and her best friend/codependent Patsy Stone on the run from the authorities after it's suspected they killed supermodel Kate Moss. The film serves as a de facto series finale for the show.

People-watching

People-watching or crowd watching is the act of observing people and their interactions. Usually, the person being watched is not aware of the watcher. For some people, it is considered a hobby; other people think it is a subconscious activity, meaning it is something others do everyday without knowing it.

Cherokee Strip (Kansas)

The Cherokee Strip of Kansas, in the United States, was a disputed strip of land on the southern border of Kansas.

In 1825 the Osage Nation was given a reservation in eastern Indian territory in what is now Kansas. In the Treaty of New Echota, May 23, 1836, the northern border of the Cherokee Nation's land was set as the southern border of the Osage lands. When Congress passed the Kansas–Nebraska Act on May 30, 1854, it set the southern border of the Kansas Territory as the 37th parallel north. It was thought at the time that the Osage northern border was also the 37th parallel.

The Cherokees disagreed. They said that it was not the true boundary. They said that the border of Kansas should be moved north to make room for the actual border of the Cherokee land.

The situation happened during the troubles in Kansas leading up to the Civil War.

Under terms of Article 17 of the Treaty of 1866, the land was to be sold ""at not less than $1.25 an acre [$309/km]"" for the first year. Then, it would be offered for sale at local land offices. In the first year, 156,848.47 acres (635 km) were sold. 277,830.89 acres (1,124 km) were given to land offices during the summer of 1879.

Southeast Kansas

Southeast Kansas is a region of the U.S. state of Kansas. It can be generally defined by Woodson County in the northwest, Bourbon County in the northeast, Cherokee County in the southeast, and Montgomery County in the southwest. Geographically it mostly has broad rolling landscape located between the Flint Hills to the west and includes the Ozarks to the southeast. Some notable towns there include Pittsburg, Parsons, Coffeyville, Independence, Chanute, Fort Scott, and Iola.

The first people to live there were some Native American tribes. Others included frontier towns that relied on cattle ranching and mining. They were hurt by violence over the issue of slavery. This happened both before and during the American Civil War (see Bleeding Kansas). The most common type of mining in Southeast Kansas was coal mining. This contributed to the amount of coal found. It also contributed to the quality and thickness of coal in Southeast Kansas. Southeast Kansas has one of the well-made recreations of early life in the United States Army at Fort Scott National Historic Site. 


East-Central Kansas

East-Central Kansas is a region of Kansas. It is between the Kansas City metropolitan area and Southeast Kansas, and it is on the border with Missouri. The region goes west to the Flint Hills to Lyon County. East-Central Kansas geographically has rolling hills and deep forested river valleys. The main crop of this very agricultural region is corn. The area is more forested and more moist compared to the rest of the state. East-Central Kansas has a lot of history. This is because many places in this region saw battles in Bleeding Kansas. It is also because the abolitionist John Brown and his men fought in Osawatomie. Much of the area is powered by Wolf Creek Nuclear Generating Station. It is near Burlington. The most populous cities of the region include Emporia, Ottawa, Paola, Osawatomie, Garnett, Osage City, Burlington, and Louisburg.

The region includes the following seven counties:

North Central Kansas

North Central Kansas is a tourism and geographical region of the state of Kansas. It has 15 counties. Over 150,000 people live there. The Salina micropolitan area is part of North Central Kansas. The region goes from the Nebraska border in the north to Russell, Ellsworth, Saline, and Dickinson Counties in the south. Its western border includes Smith, Osborne, and Russell Counties, and its eastern border Dickinson, Clay, Washington, and Marshall Counties.
The 15 counties included in the region are:

Double agent

A double agent is someone sent to work as a spy against another country but is secretly spying on the country that he or she works for on behalf of the country he or she is supposed to be spying on.

Jacksboro, Texas

Jacksboro is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Jack County. Downtown Jacksboro has two major highways that pass through; U.S. Highway 281, and U.S. Highway 380. On the east side of Jacksboro lies Lake Jacksboro, which consists of a natural lake and a man-made lake, separated by a dam. The 2020 census said that Jacksboro had 4,184 people living in it.

Jacksboro was settled in 1850 by settlers that were attracted by land offers made by the Texas Emigration & Land Office. Jacksboro was originally called Mesquiteville. The town began around Lost Creek, a stream near downtown Jacksboro that emptied into Lake Jacksboro. Jacksboro became the county seat of Jack County in 1859, and was renamed to Jacksboro, in honor of William and Patrick Jack, who fought in the Texas Revolution.

Jacksboro was one of the only towns to vote against leaving the United States and joining the Confederacy. Native American raids continued until 1870, after Fort Richardson was built to protect Jacksboro.

Jacksboro got national attention in 1871 when the Kiowa chiefs Satana and Big Tree were tried in the Jack County courthouse, the first time any Native American was tried under the United States law.

Jacksboro may have formed the first Texas state 4H club, that was claimed to be formed in the 1910's.

On March 24, 2023, an EF3 tornado passed through Jacksboro, causing damage to estimately 80 homes or more and damaging the Elementary and High schools.

Morton, Texas

Morton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Cochran County.

Education in Kansas

Education in Kansas is controlled at the primary and secondary school level by the Kansas State Board of Education. Kansas's public colleges and universities are controlled by the Kansas Board of Regents.

The Kansas Board of Regents controls thirty-seven public schools. It also allows some private and out-of-state schools to be in Kansas. In Fall 2009, the Kansas's six public universities said they had a total of 93,307 students enrolled.

The first colleges in Kansas were created by the Kansas Territorial legislature. They were signed by Territorial Governor James W. Denver, on February 9–12, 1858.


Milhouse Van Houten

Milhouse Van Houten is a fictional character on the animated television series the Simpsons. Milhouse has blue hair and very large eyebrows. Milhouse is Bart Simpson's best friend and sidekick. Milhouse is allergic to many things. Milhouse is constantly savagely bullied particularly by Nelson Muntz. Milhouse has a crush on Lisa Simpson who does not feel the same way about him. Even though Milhouse is described by Lisa as "the class nerd" Milhouse tells Bart that "I'm not a nerd! Nerds are smart." Milhouse' parents Kirk and Luan get divorced. Milhouse is extremely insecure. Milhouse is routinely humiliated by the bullies. On one occasion, Bart tells Milhouse that he is surprised to see him since he thought he had a " three-o-clock wedgie with Nelson and Milhouse says "I had to reschedule." Milhouse is easily reduced to crying even though he is allergic to his own tears. Milhouse has very large round glasses. Bart has on more than one occasion let Milhouse take the fall for something Bart did. Though in the episode "Little Orphan Millie" Bart admits that he actually cares about Milhouse by saying "I love him. I love him so much."

Nerd

Nerd is a noun often used as an insult, to describe people who are seen as being weird, obsessive or introverted. The first ever usage of the word "nerd" is in the year 1950 in the children's book If I Ran the Zoo by Dr. Seuss where it is one of the fictional animals the narrator would put in the zoo if he were running it. An article of Newsweek Magazine published in 1951 said that the word "nerd" was used as a synonym for the slang word "square" which was at the time a popular pejorative. By the 1960's the phrase "nerd" started meaning someone who was intelligent but strange and antisocial especially if this person were interested in science-fiction was used throughout the United States and even in Scotland. In the 1970's it became extremely common to use the phrase "nerd" because it was routinely used in the television sitcom Happy Days. People labeled as nerds tend to be bullied in school more often than others are. In 1984, there was a movie called Revenge of the Nerds as a social commentary. A number of fictional characters such as Dilton Doiley, Peter Parker, Milhouse Van Houten and Hermione Granger are sometimes described as nerds.

Parsons, Kansas

Parsons is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 9,600 people lived there. It is the biggest city in Labette County. It is the second biggest city in the southeastern region of Kansas.

Parsons is at (37.339070, -95.269747). The city is at the junction of U.S. Route 59 and U.S. Route 400. Along US-59, the city of Erie (the county seat of Neosho County) is to the north and Oswego (the county seat of Labette County) is south and east. Big Hill Lake is several miles to the west of the city, and Lake Parsons is northwest of Parsons.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 9,600 people, 4,015 households, and 2,251 families living in Parson. Of the households, 58.4% owned their home and 41.6% rented their home.

The median age was 37.9 years. Of the people, 75.3% were White, 8.0% were Black, 1.7% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 2.1% were from some other race, and 12.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 10,500 people, 4,351 households, and 2,586 families living in Parson.

The first public library building in Parsons was the Carnegie Library. It was created in 1909. The Parsons Public Library moved to a modern building in 1977.


Coffeyville, Kansas

Coffeyville is a city in southeastern Montgomery County, Kansas, United States, located along the Verdigris River in the state's southeastern region. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 8,826. It is the most populous city of Montgomery County and with its southeast Kansas location is in the Tulsa, Oklahoma media market. The town of South Coffeyville, Oklahoma is located approximately 1 mile south of the city, existing as a separate political entity immediately south of the state line.

The city was first incorporated in 1872, but the charter was voided as illegal. The city was re-incorporated in March 1873.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 8,826 people, 3,587 households, and 2,013 families living in Coffeyville. Of the households, 60.0% owned their home and 40.0% rented their home.

The median age was 37.7 years. Of the people, 64.7% were White, 11.2% were Black, 4.2% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 6.5% were from some other race, and 12.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 12.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 10,295 people, 4,226 households, and 2,456 families living in Coffeyville.

The "Coffeyville Journal" is the local newspaper. They publish twice per week.


Mission, Kansas

Mission is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. In 2020, 9,954 people lived there.

Mission is at (39.026774, -94.656962). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says there were 9,954 people, 5,295 households, and 2,240 families living in Mission. Of the households, 46.6% owned their home and 53.4% rented their home.

The median age was 35.6 years. Of the people, 77.3% were White, 4.8% were Black, 4.0% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.2% were from some other race, and 10.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says there were 9,323 people, 5,000 households, and 2,130 families living in Mission.


Takenoshin Nakai

Takenoshin Nakai (ja:中井猛之進, November 27, 1882 – December 6, 1952) was a Japanese botanist. He published papers on the plants of Japan and Korea.

Nakai was the author or co-author of the taxonomy of 4,733 plants. 


Harry Osborn

Harry Osborn is a fictional character appearing in Marvel Comics created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko for the "Amazing Spider-Man" #31 in 1965. He is the son of Norman Osborn and his mother died in childbirth. His father blames him for her death and as such is dismissive and impatient with him. Harry constantly tries and fails to win his father's approval. 

Harry meets Peter Parker at University and at first can't stand him. He later gets to know him better and becomes his best friend. Harry's father Norman then becomes the supervillain the Green Goblin and Harry starts to use drugs. Green Goblin then kills Spider-Man's girlfriend Gwen Stacy and accidentally kills himself during a battle with Spider-Man. Harry blames Spider-Man for his father's death and wants to get revenge by becoming a supervillain the second Green Goblin.

Harry Osborn is played by James Franco in the 2002 "Spider-Man" movie. In it, Harry Osborne goes to high school with Peter Parker and is the only person aside from Mary-Jane Watson who is nice to him. Harry is Peter's best friend and does not get along well with his father.

Harry dates Mary-Jane Watson even though Peter loves her. Harry's father tells him that she is no different from Harry's mother and that all she cares about is his money. Harry defends her. She tells Harry that his father is a creep and Harry defends him.

Mary-Jane then breaks up with him. Harry later goes to win her back and realizes she is in love with Peter. Harry's father who is secretly the Green Goblin finds out from Harry that Peter loves Mary-Jane Watson. After he died Norman makes Peter swear not to tell Harry that he is the Green Goblin.

Harry swears to kill Spider-Man for revenge. In "Spider-Man 2" Harry is willing to work with Doctor Octopus to kill Spider-Man. At the end of the movie he is horrified to discover that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. In "Spider-Man 3", Harry becomes a supervillain so that he can kill Spider-Man and avenge his father's death. 

In the end of the movie, he agrees to work with Spider-Man to rescue Mary-Jane Watson from the supervillains the Venom and the Sandman and Harry dies so that Peter can kill the Venom and rescue Mary-Jane.

Harry Osborn is played by Dane DeHaan in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2".

Tasty

Tasty may refer to:


Ousmane Tanor Dieng

Ousmane Tanor Dieng (January 2, 1947 – July 15, 2019) was a Senegalese politician. He was the First Secretary of the Socialist Party of Senegal. He was vice-president of the Socialist International from 1996 until his death. Dieng was born in Nguéniène, Senegal. He was a candidate for President in the February 2007 election.

Dieng died on July 15, 2019 from a short-illness in France at the age of 72.

Paul Albert Zipfel

Paul Albert Zipfel (September 22, 1935 – July 14, 2019) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the sixth Bishop of Bismarck, North Dakota. Zipfel was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Zipfel died on July 14, 2019 in Normandy, Missouri from dementia at the age of 83.


Normandy, Missouri

Normandy is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,287 at the 2020 census.

Pernell Whitaker

Pernell Whitaker (January 2, 1964 – July 14, 2019) was an American professional boxer. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Whitaker was a four-weight world champion, having won titles at lightweight, light welterweight, welterweight, and light middleweight; the undisputed lightweight title; and the lineal lightweight and welterweight titles. He holds the longest unified lightweight championship reign in boxing history at 6 title defenses. Whitaker was seen as one of the greatest defensive boxers of all-time.

Whitaker won a silver medal in the lightweight division at the 1982 World Championships, followed by gold at the 1983 Pan American Games and 1984 Olympics. He retired in 2001.

Whitaker was killed after being hit by a car in Virginia Beach, Virginia on July 14, 2019 at the age of 55.


Paul F. Markham

Paul F. Markham (May 22, 1930 – July 13, 2019) was an American attorney. He was the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1966 to 1969. Markham was born in Boston, Massachusetts. 

Markham was a key figure in the Chappaquiddick incident as he was with Senator Ted Kennedy during the incident. He played a key defense in Kennedy's favor.

Markham died on July 13, 2019 in Peabody, Massachusetts at the age of 89.

Janet Gaynor

Janet Gaynor (born Laura Augusta Gainor; October 6, 1906 – September 14, 1984) was an American actress and painter. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In 1929, she was the first winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress for her roles in the movies "7th Heaven" (1927), "" (1927), and "Street Angel" (1928).

By 1927, Gaynor was one of Hollywood's leading ladies. Janet Gaynor has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6284 Hollywood Blvd. 

Gaynor was known for her role as Esther Blodgett/Vicki Lester in the 1937 movie "A Star Is Born".

In September 1982, Gaynor and her husband were seriously injured in a car crash after a drunk driver crashed their car. She died two years after the crash on September 14, 1984 in Palm Springs, California from problems caused by her injuries at the age of 77. Gaynor is buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery next to her second husband, Adrian. 

Simone Signoret

Simone Signoret (; 25 March 192130 September 1985) was a French actress. She became the second French person to win an Academy Award, for her role in "Room at the Top" (1959).

Signoret won two Césars, three BAFTAs, an Emmy, a Cannes Film Festival Award, the Silver Bear for Best Actress awards, an NBR Award and a Golden Globe nomination.


Roberto Benigni

Roberto Remigio Benigni (; born 27 October 1952) is an Italian actor, comedian, screenwriter and director. He is known for writing, directing and starring in "Life Is Beautiful", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor.


Paul Lukas

Paul Lukas (born Pál Lukács; May 26, 1894 – August 15, 1971) was a Hungarian actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Watch on the Rhine" (1943).


Robert Donat

Friedrich Robert Donat (18 March 1905 – 9 June 1958) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles in Alfred Hitchcock's "The 39 Steps" (1935) and "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1939). He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1939.

Paul Muni

Paul Muni (born Frederich Meshilem Meier Weisenfreund; September 22, 1895 – August 25, 1967) was an American actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the 1936 movie "The Story of Louis Pasteur".

Victor McLaglen

Victor Andrew de Bier Everleigh McLaglen (10 December 1886 – 7 November 1959) was a British-American actor and activist. He was known for winning the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1935 for his role in "The Informer".

Wallace Beery

Wallace Fitzgerald Beery (April 1, 1885 – April 15, 1949) was an American actor. He is best known for his roles of Bill in "Min and Bill" (1930), as Long John Silver in "Treasure Island" (1934), as Pancho Villa in "Viva Villa!" (1934), and as Andy Purcell in "The Champ" (1931), for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor.

George Arliss

George Arliss (born Augustus George Andrews, 10 April 1868 – 5 February 1946) was an English actor, author, playwright and filmmaker. He was known for his role as British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli in "Disraeli" (1929), for which he won an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Warner Baxter

Warner Leroy Baxter (March 29, 1889 – May 7, 1951) was an American movie actor. Baxter became known for his role as The Cisco Kid in the 1928 movie "In Old Arizona", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 2nd Academy Awards.

Emil Jannings

Emil Jannings (born Theodor Friedrich Emil Janenz, 23 July 1884 – 2 January 1950) was a German actor. He won the first Academy Award for Best Actor at the 1st Academy Awards for his roles as Duke Sergius Alexander in "The Last Command" and as August Schilling in "The Way of All Flesh".

During World War II, he starred in many Nazi propaganda movies. After the fall for the Third Reich, he was unemployed and retired.


Jorge Aguado

Jorge Rubén Aguado (6 November 1925 – 12 July 2019) was an Argentine politician. He was born in Buenos Aires. Aguado was the "de facto" Governor of Buenos Aires Province from 1982 through 1983 and Minister of Agriculture and Livestock in 1981.

Aguado died on 12 July 2019 in Buenos Aires at the age of 93.

Werner Müller (politician)

Wilhelm Werner Müller (1 June 1946 – 15 July 2019) was a German politician and businessman. He was Federal Ministry of Economic Affairs and Energy from 1998 to 2002. Müller was born in Essen, Germany.

Müller died on 15 July 2019 in Essen from cancer at the age of 73.

Flip book

A flipbook is a paper book with drawings that when flipped back quickly, look like they move. They are normally children drawings.

Rommel Roberts

Rommel Roberts was born on December 2, 1949, in Durban, South Africa. He is an expert in the study of religion, human rights activist, Director of the Hilltop Empowerment Centre, consultant, lecturer and author.

Rommel Roberts grew up in Mafeking (today: Mahikeng, North-West Province, South Africa), where he was confronted with the effects of apartheid as a child.

His father was white, and his mother Maureen Roberts, a qualified nurse and the only medical specialist for the surrounding townships, was of Indian descent and thus classified as non-white according to the categories of apartheid, and so the family was exposed to diverse discrimination. Rommel grew up with seven siblings.

Rommel Roberts graduated from High School in Cape Town and then studied theology and philosophy at St. Joseph's Theological Institute near Pietermaritzburg.

After his studies he went back to Cape Town, and in the following years committed himself against apartheid working in various human rights groups and organising non-violent actions. Many years he worked alongside .

Rommel Roberts was married to Celeste Santos, also a human rights activist, and they had a son and a daughter. They were divorced later.

In the years after Nelson Mandela's release, Roberts was involved in various projects to build up democratic and economic structures as well as taking care of returning exiles. In 1994 he was called to Mafeking to prepare and monitor the first general free elections, also to resolve conflicts in the then ‘Homeland’ 

Since 1995 Roberts has been director of the Hilltop Empowerment Centre in the Eastern Cape. He lives there with his wife Robin, with whom he has been married since 2002. They organize numerous projects aimed at education issues and improving the living conditions of people in rural areas.

He is involved in consultancy work with South African municipalities and government departments as well as occasionally guest lecturing at universities, his topics being community development including IT literacy, communication and conflict resolution.

Rommel Roberts is still politically active today and criticises corruption and lack of services as well as the unequal living conditions in today's South Africa.

When Rommel Roberts came back to Cape Town after his studies in 1974 he was especially interested in working with children and young people. He came in contact with the Early Learning Centre (today Early Learning Resource Unit, ELRU, in Kewtown that was involved in caring for children and general community work.  Kewtown was a township near Cape Town where mainly coloured people lived. So Rommel Roberts learned about the townships and informal settlements which emerged as a result of the apartheid government’s policy to evict and resettle black and coloured people. Roberts got deeply involved in supporting those people who often lived in poor housing conditions, sometimes only in shacks or provisional shelters. And even these dwellings were not secure as the government often destroyed whole townships, e.g. the township Modderdam in 1977. Through his association with the South African Council of Churches, Rommel Roberts worked together with Bishop Desmond Tutu as his national development officer. Rommel Roberts´ tasks also included building up national and international support networks.

Roberts worked  in human rights groups organising campaigns against government oppression and cruel treatment. In the case of Modderdam, after legal interventions had failed, they organised the evacuation of about 10.000 people when their homes were demolished and people were threatened to be deported to the so-called ‘homelands’. The Apartheid policy was that Blacks were no real citizens of South Africa and had to live in remote so-called ‘homelands’ where there were no job opportunities. They could only live in South Africa temporarily, and in order to live in South Africa they had to have a ‘Pass’. The protest against these ‘Pass Laws’ was one of the key issues in the struggle against apartheid and has a long history. Together with others Roberts organised lots of campaigns, boycotts and protest marches. One of the famous actions was the Cathedral fast in the St. George’s Cathedral in Cape Town where people fasted for more than 20 days before Easter in 1982 and which resulted in the suspension of the Pass Laws.

Because of his activities against apartheid Roberts was in prison several times.

Roberts has always believed that real changes could only be brought about with non-violent means and so did not agree with the attitudes of ANC (African National Congress) and PAC (Pan Africanist Congress) in this point. During the 1980s, when the country became more and more insecure and violence increased, including the infamous practice of “necklacing” , Roberts organised several peace conferences together with Bishop Tutu where they tried to bring  together the various hostile factions  and find a solution to end the violence.

In 1974 Rommel Roberts joined the Quakers and has worked with Quakers since then. Mainly on his initiative the first Peace Centre in South Africa was founded in Cape Town in 1985, the Quaker Peace Centre in whose administration he is still active today. They then felt that a great deal of work was required in terms of reconciliation and general peacemaking.

Rommel Roberts is now involved in a special Quaker Peace Centre initiative speaking truth to power through the exposure of leadership corruption in the promotion of arms deals.



Wikipedia Arbitration Committee

The Wikipedia Arbitration Committee (ARBCOM) is the highest decision-making body on the English Wikipedia. It has the final say on all disagreements between editors of the encyclopedia. It settles important disputes between Wikipedia’s editors and administrators. It has 15 members who are elected and who come from different countries.

Temperance movement

The temperance movement is a social movement against the consumption of alcoholic beverages. During the 19th and early 20th centuries, the temperance movement became very big in many countries. It led to Prohibition in the United States, which lasted from 1920 to 1933.

The Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) started from a movement against saloons and liquor stores. It began in Ohio. It spread throughout the Midwestern United States during the winter of 1873-1874. The movement had over 32,000 women who went into saloons and liquor stores. They did this to disrupt business and stop the sales of alcohol. The WCTU was officially started in late November 1874 in Cleveland, Ohio.


Woman's Christian Temperance Union

The Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) is an active international temperance organization. It was one of the first organizations of women who wanted social reform. They did this with a program that "linked the religious and the secular through concerted and far-reaching reform strategies based on applied Christianity." It was influential in the temperance movement, and supported the 18th Amendment. It was also influential in social reform issues that became big in the progressive era. 

The WCTU started on December 23, 1873, in Hillsboro, Ohio. It officially had a national convention in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1874.


Hot Springs County, Wyoming

Hot Springs County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 United States Census, 4,621 people lived there. Its county seat is Thermopolis. The county is named for the hot springs located in Hot Springs State Park. Hot Springs County was created on February 21, 1911.






Hempstead, Texas

Hempstead is a city in Waller County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,430 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Waller County.


Independence, Kansas

Independence is a city in and the county seat of Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, the 8,548 people lived there. It was named after the Declaration of Independence.

Independence is along the Verdigris River. It is just south of its confluence with the Elk River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Independence has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cfa"). It has hot and humid summers, and it has cold winters.
The 2020 census says that there were 8,548 people, 3,627 households, and 2,088 families living in Independence. Of the households, 61.6% owned their home and 38.4% rented their home.

The median age was 38.9 years. Of the people, 79.1% were White, 5.5% were Black, 1.7% were Native American, 0.9% were Asian, 2.6% were from some other race, and 10.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 9,483 people, 3,950 households, and 2,430 families living in Independence.


The Independence Community College (ICC) main campus is two miles south of Independence. ICC West Campus is one mile west of downtown. Each semester, over 1000 students go to ICC.


Ghiyas ud din Balban

Ghiyas ud din Balban was a famous and one of the most powerful sultans of the Delhi Sultanate of India. The real name of Ghiyas-ud-din Balban was Ulugh Khan. His famous titles were Nabāb-e-Khudā ("Acolyte of God"), Jhil-e-Ellāhi ("Shadow of God"), Khudā-e-Vandgār ("Devotee of God"). Ghiyas-ud-din was the 2nd sultan of the Mamluk dynasty which ruled the Delhi Sultanate. He ruled Delhi from 1266AD to 1286AD. 

During his reign, he appointed a spying agency called "Barid". Amir Khusrau (poet) came to India during the reign of Sultan Ghiyas-ud-din Balban. Later Amir Khusrau become a famous court poet of Ala-ud-din Khalji. Some poems Amir Khusrau made are Kiran-ush-Sadin and Tughlaq Nama. Amir Khusrau was also known as the Parrot of India. Balban enforced some laws such as "Sizada" (penalization) and "Paibas" (kissing the throne). Balban created the first military department of the Delhi Sultanate. It was called "Dewan-e-Arz".

After the death of Sultan Iltutmish, Rukn-ud-din Firoz had been the ruler of the Delhi Sultanate. In 1236, Razia Sultana had become the Sultana of the Delhi Sultanate until she was killed by Balban.After Death of 

Razia Sultan in 1240 Ghiyas ud din Balban become the sultan of Delhi 

Dilton Doiley

Dilton Doiley is a fictional character in Archie Comics. Dilton is short and wears glasses. He is a genius and loves science. Dilton creates many scientific experiments that usually go wrong. Dilton is also good at solving the problems that his experiments create. An unnamed character similar to Dilton appeared in an issue of Archie Comics in 1942. During the 1940's, there were many characters that look like Dilton. His current image was established with an appearance in an Archie Comics newspaper comic strip. He has been named Dilton since 1950. Since then his name has been given as Dilton Doiley. He is the smartest student at Riverdale High School and is a good friend of Moose Mason.

On the television series "Riverdale, he is played by American actor Major Cruda. 

Augusta, Kansas

Augusta is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 9,256 people lived there.

Augusta is at (37.692425, -96.979886), at the confluence of the Walnut and Whitewater Rivers. It is along the western edge of Butler County. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Augusta has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Augusta has a humid subtropical climate. it is abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 9,256 people, 3,670 households, and 2,423 families living in Augusta. Of the households, 64.9% owned their home and 35.1% rented their home.

The median age was 37.7 years. Of the people, 88.4% were White, 0.9% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.5% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.4% were from some other race, and 8.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 9,274 people, 3,669 households, and 2,448 families living in Augusta.

Augusta is part of the Augusta USD 402 public school district.

Augusta has the "Butler County Times-Gazette" newspaper. They publish once every 3 weeks. It covers Augusta and neighboring towns.


Chanute, Kansas

Chanute () is a city in Neosho County, Kansas, United States. It was created on January 1, 1873. It was named after railroad engineer and aviation pioneer Octave Chanute. In 2020, 8,722 people lived there. The Neosho County Community College is in Chanute.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 8,722 people, 3,530 households, and 2,154 families living in Chanute. Of the households, 61.3% owned their home and 38.7% rented their home.

The median age was 37.0 years. Of the people, 86.4% were White, 1.4% were Black, 1.2% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.3% were from some other race, and 8.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 9,119 people, 3,720 households, and 2,322 families living in Chanute.

Bus service goes north towards Kansas City, Missouri. It also goes south towards Tulsa, Oklahoma. Buses are by Jefferson Lines (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).


Wellington, Kansas

Wellington is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat. In 2020, 7,715 people lived there.

The first post office in Wellington was created in July 1871.

Wellington is at (37.267289, -97.400061). at an elevation of 1230 feet. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Wellington has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Wellington has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 7,715 people, 3,170 households, and 1,903 families living in Wellington. Of the households, 61.0% owned their home and 39.0% rented their home.

The median age was 38.8 years. Of the people, 85.9% were White, 1.8% were Black, 1.3% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 2.6% were from some other race, and 7.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.9% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 8,172 people, 3,246 households, and 2,105 families living in Wellington.


Craig Fallon

Craig Andrew Fallon (18 December 1982 – 15 July 2019) was a British judoka. He was born in Wolverhampton, West Midlands. In September 2005, Fallon won the -60 kg weight class at the World Judo Championships in Cairo. He became only the third British male to win a world title. 

Fallon died on 15 July 2019 at the age of 36.

Park City, Kansas

Park City is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 8,333 people lived there.

Park City is at (37.799119, -97.322110). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Park City is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 8,333 people, 3,042 households, and 2,268 families living in Park City. Of the households, 76.4% owned their home and 23.6% rented their home.

The median age was 32.8 years. Of the people, 78.4% were White, 4.9% were Black, 1.5% were Asian, 1.3% were Native American, 3.6% were from some other race, and 10.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 7,297 people, 2,659 households, and 2,039 families living in Park City.


Jem and the Holograms

Jem and the Holograms is a 2016 American musical fantasy film produced and directed by Jon M. Chu, written by Ryan Landels, and starring Aubrey Peeples (as the title character), Stefanie Scott, Hayley Kiyoko, Aurora Perrineau, Ryan Guzman, Molly Ringwald, and Juliette Lewis. Borrowing elements from the 1980s animated television series "Jem" by Christy Marx, the film was produced by Hasbro Studios and Blumhouse Productions. Chu's interest in developing a film adaptation of "Jem" is based on having grown up watching the original animated series with his sisters. He had attempted to make the film 11 years earlier, but was rejected by Universal due to the cost.

"Jem and the Holograms" was theatrically released on October 23, 2015, by Universal Pictures and was a box office bomb, grossing $2 million worldwide on a $5 million budget and receiving negative reviews from critics and audiences alike.

A Ghost Story

A Ghost Story is a 2017 American supernatural drama movie written and directed by David Lowery. It stars Casey Affleck, Rooney Mara, Will Oldham, Sonia Acevedo, Rob Zabrecky, and Liz Franke. Affleck plays a man who becomes a ghost and remains in the house he shares with his wife (Mara).

The movie had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2017. It was released by A24 on July 7, 2017.

Jane the Virgin

Jane the Virgin is an American romantic dramedy and satirical telenovela developed by Jennie Snyder Urman. The series premiered on October 13, 2014 on The CW. It is a loose adaptation of the Venezuelan telenovela "Juana la Virgen" created by Perla Farías. The series stars Gina Rodriguez as Jane Villanueva, a devout 23-year-old Latina virgin, who becomes pregnant after an accidental artificial insemination by her gynecologist. The program parodies commonly used tropes and devices in Latin telenovelas.

At the 72nd Golden Globe Awards, "Jane the Virgin" was nominated for the award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy, received the Peabody Award, and Gina Rodriguez won the award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy. It was also selected as one of the top 10 Television Programs of 2014 by the American Film Institute.

Beginning with the fourth episode of season three, the series's on-screen title card was modified, with "The Virgin" crossed out in favor of a substitution corresponding to each episode. This mirrored the storyline, in which Jane is no longer a virgin.

On April 2, 2018, The CW renewed the series for a fifth and final season, which premiered on March 27, 2019.

Molly of Denali

Molly of Denali is an Canadian animated television show.

"Molly of Denali" premiered on July 15, 2019 by Canadian Studio Atomic Cartoons and WGBH Kids for CBC Kids and PBS Kids. it Consists of 64 episodes of the seasons following 1,2 and 3

Voice direction by Nicole Oliver

The is also in dub 


The show is also broadcast in:

Death Eater

Death Eaters are fictional characters in the Harry Potter series of books by J.K. Rowling. They are characterized as evil wizards and witches who have allied themselves with Lord Voldemort in his efforts to take over the world, kill all witches and wizards born to non-magical parents for being "mudbloods" and enslave all non-magical beings as well as seeking to opress non-human magical creatures such as goblins and elves. They believe that people of pure magical ancestry known as Pure-Bloods are superior to those of only partial magical ancestry, whom they call Half-Bloods. Nonetheless not all Death Eaters are Pure-Blood. Their leader Lord Voldemort originally known as Tom Riddle is Half-Blood because his father was not a wizard. The Death Eater spy turned double agent Severus Snape is Half-Blood because even though his mother was a witch his father was not a wizard. Fenrir Greyback is allowed to be a Death Eater even though he is a werewolf. Hermione Granger observes that a lot of Death Eaters must be Half-Blood because there are too many for them all to be Pure-Blood.

Declension

In linguistics, declension is the changing of the form of a word. This shows its function in the sentence, by way of some inflection. The inflectional change of verbs is called conjugation.

Declensions may apply to nouns, pronouns, adjectives, adverbs, and articles to indicate number (e.g. singular, dual, plural), case (e.g. nominative case, accusative case, genitive case, dative case), gender (e.g. masculine, neuter, feminine), and a number of other grammatical categories.

For example, in English, if there is more than one "boy", the word must become "boys." For example, "My family has two girls and one "boy", but my wife's family has two girls and three "boys"". The form "boy" is singular, meaning there is only one of the noun, and the form "boys" is plural, meaning there is more than one of the noun. You must know the noun's singular form if you want to find it in an English dictionary.

Also in English, a noun can change if it owns something. For example, if a toy belongs to one boy, the toy is the "boy's" toy, but if it belongs to two or more boys, it becomes the "boys"' toy. Both numbers of the noun have this word case, which is called the genitive case. Word case is when a word form changes depending on what part of the sentence it is.

Grammatical gender

Grammatical gender is a way of organizing words in a language. It is a way of deciding the inflection, or change in form, that a word has. Some languages have grammatical gender, like Spanish and Arabic, but others do not, like Chinese, Japanese, and Estonian.

Proto-Indo-European, the supposed ancestor language of Indo-European languages, had three genders, masculine, feminine, and neuter.

A word's gender decides how to say a word. For example, the German word for "man" is masculine ("der Mann"), the word for "woman" is feminine ("die Frau"), and the word for "girl" is neuter ("das Mädchen"). The gender of a word may not have connection with its biological sex in certain languages; it is instead a way to organize words grammatically. Many Indo-European languages, like Russian, German, and Latin, still have all three genders.

Some Indo-European languages have lost the neuter gender and either replaced it or completely got rid of it. In French, all singular nouns are either masculine ("the boy" "le garçon") or feminine ("the girl" "la fille"), but all plural nouns use the same articles ("the boys" "les garçons" and "the girls" "les filles"). 

In Spanish, there are only masculine and feminine nouns, but they are usually marked by a vowel at or near the end. Most masculine nouns end with the vowel "-o", and most feminine nouns end with the vowel "-a". For animate (living) nouns, the gender of the noun is always connected to its biological gender. For example, a male dog is "perro", and a female dog is "perra". If the gender is unknown, the noun is automatically masculine. In plural forms, if at least one of the nouns is male, the plural noun must be masculine, even if most of the members are feminine, like in "the friends" "los amigos". However, if all of the members of a plural noun are female, the plural noun is feminine, as in "las amigas".

English has three genders, but most nouns are not marked by gender. However, the genders of pronouns must match the biological sex of animate nouns. Males must be masculine, and females must be feminine. All plural and inanimate (non-living) nouns must be neuter. Some linguists call English's gender system to represent "natural gender".

In Chinese, words have no grammatical gender, but there are still three gendered pronouns. The masculine pronoun is written as 他, the feminine is 她, and the neuter is 它. Even though all three are written in a different Chinese character, they are all still pronounced exactly the same: "tā" in Mandarin. That is why many Chinese learners of English do not use English pronouns correctly. In some contexts, if the gender is unknown, the pronoun will be written in pinyin as "ta" even if the rest of the document is written in Chinese characters.

In Japanese, grammatical gender is not used since people are usually referred to by name and/or title, rather than a pronoun. However, men and women are expected to use different pronouns. For example, women are supposed to say "watakushi", "watashi", or "atashi" to speak in the first person, but men usually say "watashi" to speak politely and "boku" or "ore" to speak plainly.

Edith Irby Jones

Edith Irby Jones (December 23, 1927 – July 15, 2019) was an American physician. She was born in Conway, Arkansas. Jones was the first African American to be accepted as a non-segregated student at the University of Arkansas Medical School. She was also the first black student to attend racially mixed classes in the American South. 

Jones was the first woman president of the National Medical Association. She was added into the Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame.

Jones died at age 91 on July 15, 2019, in Houston, Texas.

Raja Dhale

Raja Dhale (30 September 1940 – 16 July 2019) was an Indian writer, poet, Ambedkarite thinker, social activist, and political activist. He was one of the founding members of the Dalit Panther. He was a member of the Republican Party of India and led the Raja Dhale faction, after it split.

Dhale was a candidate in the 1999 parliament election for the Mumbai North Central constituency and 2004 parliament elections from Mumbai North East constituency, again on Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangha ticket.

Dhale was born in Maharashtra. He died at a Mumbai hospital after falling at his home on 16 July 2019 at the age of 78.

Andrea Camilleri

Andrea Calogero Camilleri (; 6 September 1925 – 17 July 2019) was an Italian novelist and television writer. He was born in Porto Empedocle, Italy. He was known for writing the Inspector Montalbano crime novel series. He also wrote the television series "Le inchieste del commissario Maigret".

Camilleri suffered a heart attack in June 2019 and was placed under critical condition. He died a month later on 17 July 2019 at a Rome hospital, aged 93.


Centreboard

A centreboard or centerboard (US) is a boat hull appendage which can be put up and down in the water. It is used in dinghies and by other sailing boats in shallow water but in deep water it gives the boat stability.

The centerboard was invented by Lt. John Schank (c. 1740 – 6 February 1823). He was an officer of the British Royal Navy.

A centerboard can be made from wood, plastic or metal. On small boats today they are usually made from a type of plastic or fibreglass. On bigger boats, they can be made from metal and are also very heavy to help the boat to sail. Some centerboards are on a type of hinge and they swing up and down. Other centerboards just push straight down and are called daggerboards.

On bigger boats, they are used to allow them to cruise in shallow water in bays or rivers.

Obituary

An Obituary is a notice of a death. An Obituary is published by the family of the person who died to let more distant family members and friends know about the death. Funeral homes commonly publish obituaries. A description of the person who died is usually included in the obituary. Funeral arrangements are usually part of an obituary. An obituary is distributed via a publication in a newspaper, or via manual handing out or posting of pamphlets.

Some newpapers offer a service of writing a biography for the person who died. 

Old obituaries are a source of information for people writing biographies.

Cadillac Records

Cadillac Records is a 2008 American biographical drama movie. It was written and directed by Darnell Martin. It explores the musical era from the early 1940s to the late 1960s. It is about the influential Chicago-based record-company executive Leonard Chess, and a few of the musicians who recorded for Chess Records.

The movie stars Adrien Brody as Leonard Chess, Cedric the Entertainer as Willie Dixon, Mos Def as Chuck Berry, Columbus Short as Little Walter, Jeffrey Wright as Muddy Waters, Eamonn Walker as Howlin' Wolf, and Beyoncé as Etta James.

The movie was released in North America on December 5, 2008 by TriStar Pictures.

Hustlers (movie)

Hustlers is a 2019 American comedy-drama movie written and directed by Lorene Scafaria, based on the "New York" magazine article "The Hustlers at Scores" by Jessica Pressler. The movie stars Constance Wu, Jennifer Lopez, Cardi B, Keke Palmer, Julia Stiles, Lili Reinhart, and Lizzo.

The movie was released on September 13, 2019, by STX Entertainment.

Being Mary Jane

Being Mary Jane was an American drama television series created by Mara Brock Akil and starring Gabrielle Union, that debuted January 7, 2014 on BET. The 90-minute-pilot for the series aired on July 2, 2013. The series follows professional and personal life of successful TV news anchor Mary Jane Paul, who lives in Atlanta, Georgia. The series ended on April 23, 2019.

"Being Mary Jane" has received positive reviews from critics. The series premiere drew more than 4 million viewers, debuting as BET's highest rated show. On January 6, 2016, the series was renewed for a fourth season, which premiered on January 10, 2017. It was announced on October 11, 2017 that the series would conclude. A two-hour movie finale was planned to air in 2018, but never came to fruition. On December 7, 2018, BET announced that the movie finale date has been pushed back to air on April 16, 2019. On April 1, 2019, it was announced that the movie finale date was pushed back a week later to April 23, 2019.

Yas Island

Yas Island () is an island in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Development started in 2006, to transform it into a tourist attraction, mainly focussed on motorsport.

The Yas Marina Circuit is a large part of Yas Island, which has hosted the Formula One Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix since 2009, as the last race in the calendar. In 2010 Ferrari World was opened next to the circuit, which contains Formula Rossa, the world's fastest roller coaster which has a top speed of 240kph (149mph).

Other popular attractions on the island are Yas Waterworld, Warner Bros. World Abu Dhabi, and SeaWorld Abu Dhabi.

John Graves Simcoe

John Graves Simcoe was a British General and politician.
Simcoe's father John Simcoe died of pneumonia shortly after the Battle of Quebec during the Seven Years War while serving in the Royal Navy. To honour his late father, John Graves Simcoe enlisted as an Ensign in the British Army.

He was then sent to Boston in the 1770s on the eve of the American Revolution. He fought for the British Empire against the Rebels during the Siege of Boston. He was promoted to captain and fought for the Empire in Pennsylvania in the Battle of Brandywine. Rumour has it that at Brandywine Simcoe commanded his men not to shoot at a number of fleeing rebels one of whom was George Washington. Simcoe wanted to raise a Black Loyalist regiment made entirely of freed slaves. Instead, he was asked to replace Robert Rogers as the commander of the Queen's Rangers. As Lieutenant-Colonel and Commander of the Queen's Rangers he was in several important battles of the Revolutionary War. Simcoe was captured by the French and later freed by the Rangers. Simcoe also tried to expose Washington's Culper spy ring. Simcoe was shot in the Battle of Yorktown and sent back to England where he wrote a history of the revolutionary war from a British perspective.

Simcoe got married to Elizabeth Posthuma Gwillim and he was elected to the House of Commons as a supporter of Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger. He supported banning the slave trade and having Warren Hastings removed from his position as Governor of India. He voted in favour of the Constitutional Act of 1791 which split Quebec into two provinces called Upper Canada and Lower Canada. He offered to lead the British in their war with Spain but instead he was named Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada. Because Simcoe wanted to abolish slavery a group of Upper Canadians sold a woman named Chloe Cooley to Americans and forcibly dragged her onto a boat to the United States of America. Simcoe was horrified by the Chloe Cooley Incident and used it to justify abolishing slavery. Simcoe said " The principles of the British Constitution are fundamentally at odds to that vile practice of slavery which Christianity condemns. When I assume the governorship of Upper Canada I shall never allow discrimination by dishonest practice against those of African, Indian or American descent." Because a number of people in the Legislative Assembly were slaveowners Simcoe wasn't able to ban slavery outright. Instead he issued An Act to Prevent the Further Introduction of Slaves also known as the Act to Limit Slavery which said that from now on one who was born in Upper Canada could not be born a slave and it became illegal to buy or sell slaves. Since there were not many slaves in Upper Canada Simcoe's law abolished slavery within his own lifetime. After that a lot of slaves fled the United States to Upper Canada where they would be free to escape giving rise to what became known as the Underground Railroad.

Robert L. Johnson

Robert Louis Johnson (born April 8, 1946 is American entrepreneur, media magnate, executive, philanthropist, and investor.He is the co-founder of BET, which was acquired by Viacom in 2001 . He is also the founder of RLJ Companies which is a holding company that invests in various business sectors .Johnson is the former majority owner of the Charlotte Bobcats.His company is listed d among the most prominent African-American businesses in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries

Johnson was born in 1946 in French Camp, California. His mother was a schoolteacher and his father was a farmer . Johnson graduated from the University of Illinois in 1968 with a bachelor's degree in social studies . At the University of Illinois, Johnson became a member of the Beta chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity . He received a master's degree in public affairs from the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University in 1972 .

He married Shelia Johnson in 1969 and have 2 children .They divorced in 2001 .Johnson dated Lauren Wooden, who is 33 years younger, in 2010.They married in May 2016, Greg Mathis officiated.

Stewart Butterfield

Daniel Stewart Butterfield (born Dharma Jeremy Butterfield; March 21, 1973) is a Canadian entrepreneur. He helped create Flickr, which allows you to share photos online. He also helped create Slack, which is a messaging app with more advanced features.

William Allen White

William Allen White (February 10, 1868 – January 29, 1944) was an American newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement. Between 1896 and his death, White became a spokesman for middle America.

White was born in Emporia, Kansas. White moved to El Dorado, Kansas with his parents, Allen and Mary Ann Hatten White. He spent most of his childhood in El Dorado. He loved animals, and he loved reading various books.

White became a leader of the Progressive movement in Kansas. He created the Kansas Republican League in 1912. He did this to oppose railroads. White helped Theodore Roosevelt form the Progressive (Bull-Moose) Party in 1912. He did this to oppose the conservatives helping Republican president William Howard Taft.

White married Sallie Lindsay in 1893. They had two children, William Lindsay, born in 1900, and Mary Katherine, born in 1904. Mary died in a 1921 horse-riding accident. This led to her father to writing a famous eulogy, "Mary White," on August 17, 1921.


Bonner Springs, Kansas

Bonner Springs is a city in Wyandotte, Leavenworth, and Johnson counties, Kansas, United States. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. In 2020, 7,837 people lived there. Bonner Springs became a city on November 10, 1898.

Bonner Springs is at (39.0597260, −94.8835754), mostly north of the Kansas River. It is mainly in southwestern Wyandotte County. There are small parts of the city going west into Leavenworth County and south across the Kansas River into Johnson County. It is bordered to the north by Kansas City, Kansas, to the east by Edwardsville, and to the south across the Kansas River by Shawnee. Interstate 70, goes through the northern part of the city. I-70 goes east to Kansas City, Missouri, and west to Lawrence. US-73 goes north to Leavenworth, and K-7 goes south to Olathe. K-32 goes through the center of Bonner Springs close to the Kansas River. It goes east into Edwardsville and west to Linwood.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, are land and , or 2.3%, are water.

Bonner Springs has a humid continental climate. They have hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
The 2020 census says that there were 7,837 people, 3,037 households, and 2,065 families living in Bonner Springs. Of the households, 66.0% owned their home and 34.0% rented their home.

The median age was 37.0 years. Of the people, 76.2% were White, 6.7% were Black, 1.1% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 3.8% were from some other race, and 11.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 7,314 people, 2,810 households, and 1,917 families living in Bonner Springs.



Valley Center, Kansas

Valley Center is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 7,340 people lived there.

Valley Center was incorporated on September 29, 1885. It was named for its place in the valley of the Arkansas River.

Valley Center is at (37.829719, -97.369341). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it land.

Valley Center is two miles west of combined Interstate 135, U.S. Route 81, and K-15.

Valley Center is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 7,340 people, 2,620 households, and 1,998 families living there. Of the households, 76.1% owned their home and 23.9% rented their home.

The median age was 36.0 years. Of the people, 86.1% were White, 1.4% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 2.2% were from some other race, and 8.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 6,822 people, 2,484 households, and 1,862 families living in Valley Center.


Pratt, Kansas

Pratt is a city in Pratt County, Kansas, United States. It is the county seat of Pratt County. In 2020, 6,603 people lived there. Pratt has the Pratt Community College.

Pratt was created in 1884. It was named after Caleb S. Pratt. He was a young Civil War officer from the Kansas Infantry. He was killed in the Battle of Wilson's Creek near Springfield, Missouri. The first post office in Pratt was created in June 1884.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Herington to Pratt.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,603 people, 2,646 households, and 1,545 families living in Pratt. Of the households, 67.1% owned their home and 32.9% rented their home.

The median age was 37.7 years. Of the people, 86.3% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 4.4% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 6,835 people, 2,837 households, and 1,713 families living in Pratt.

Pratt has the "Pratt Tribune".

Pratt is served by Unified School District 382 and Unified School District 438.

There are daily buses. They go east towards Wichita, Kansas and west towards Pueblo, Colorado. The buses are by BeeLine Express (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).


Bel Aire, Kansas

Bel Aire is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 8,262 people lived there.

Bel Aire was created in January 1955 when a group of local residents asked the county government to create it. They wanted this place to be an improvement district for water.

On November 26, 1980, Bel Aire officially incorporated as a city. This was after a two-year legal dispute with the Wichita city government. The dispute was about whether or not Pratt had the right to become its own city. The case went to the Kansas Supreme Court, and the Court ruled in Bel Aire's favor.

Bel Aire is at (37.763758, −97.266177). It has an elevation of 1,394 feet (425 m). It is on the north side of the East Fork of Chisholm Creek. It is about northeast of the Arkansas River in the Wellington-McPherson Lowlands region of the Great Plains. It is on the south side of K-254 in south-central Kansas. Bel Aire is within the Wichita metropolitan area, bordered by Wichita to the south and west and bordered by Kechi to the north.

The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Bel Aire is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 8,262 people, 3,080 households, and 2,234 families living in Bel Aire. Of the households, 76.0% owned their home and 24.0% rented their home.

The median age was 38.3 years. Of the people, 74.3% were White, 9.9% were Black, 4.6% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 2.0% were from some other race, and 8.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 6,769 people, 2,465 households, and 1,854 families living in Bel Aire.


Roeland Park, Kansas

Roeland Park is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. In 2020, 6,871 people lived there.

Roeland Park is at (39.034705, −94.639211). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it land.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,871 people, 3,201 households, and 1,740 families living in Roeland Park. Of the households, 71.8% owned their home and 28.2% rented their home.

The median age was 34.5 years. Of the people, 80.5% were White, 3.7% were Black, 2.0% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 4.0% were from some other race, and 9.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 12.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 6,731 people, 3,065 households, and 1,732 families living in Roeland Park.

The city is part of the Shawnee Mission School District.

Roesland Elementary School, St. Agnes Elementary School and Bishop Miege High School are in Roeland Park.


Yana Rhinoceros Horn Site

The Yana Rhinoceros Horn Site is an excavation in Siberia. It has ancient human remains and artifacts. These remains are 31,000 years old. Human teeth from the site have been used to analyze DNA. The results show that the people were "Homo sapiens" . These people were different from already known people. The archaeologists have named them Ancient North Siberians. They are more like modern Europeans than like modern Asians.

Siberia was very cold when these people lived. They hunted large animals like woolly mammoths, woolly rhinoceroses, and bison.

Laramie County, Wyoming

Laramie County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 United States Census, 100,512 people lived there. The county seat is Cheyenne, the state capital. The county lies west of the Nebraska state line and north of the Colorado state line.

The city of Laramie, Wyoming, is in neighboring Albany County.

Laramie County was created on January 9, 1867.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.06%) is water.




Lincoln County, Wyoming

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 19,581 people lived there. Its county seat is Kemmerer.

Its western border abuts the east border of the state of Utah.

Lincoln County was created on February 21, 1911. The county was named for Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.



Kemmerer, Wyoming

Kemmerer is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Lincoln County. The population was 2,656 at the 2010 census.


Alpine, Wyoming

Alpine is a town in Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 828 at the 2010 census.


Karnes City, Texas

Karnes City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Karnes County.

Kaufman, Texas

Kaufman is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Kaufman County.

Kaufman was founded in 1840.

Kaufman has a total area of 9 square miles.

Franklin, Texas

Franklin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Robertson County.

Bremond, Texas

Bremond is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Battle of Aqaba

The Battle of Aqaba was a major battle during World War I. It was fought on July 6, 1917 between the Ottoman Empire and Arab Revolt, who part of the Central Powers and Allied Powers in the same order. The city of Aqaba, Jordan was an important coastal city and port controlled by the Ottomans. Even though the city was heavily defended on the coast, there was little defense inland. This was because the Ottomans thought the Arabian Desert outside the city was impossible to cross. Led by Arab chief Auda Abu Tayi and British officer T. E. Laurence, the Arab Revolt marched across the Arabian Desert to Aqaba. This surprised the Ottomans and the Arab Revolt captured the city.

Arab Revolt

The Arab Revolt was a revolt of various Arab tribes who came together and fought against the Ottoman Empire during World War I. Up until before the First World War the Arabs had been subjects to the Ottomans. The revolt was launched by the Shairf of Mecca, Hussein bin Ali, after he had made a deal with the British Empire, who wanted to defeat the Ottomans. In this deal the British Empire promised Sharif Hussein and the leader of the Arabs an independent Arab state in exchange for their attack against the Ottoman empire. This agreement is known as the Hussein-McMahon correspondance. On June 10th, 1916, the Arab Revolt began in Mecca and was led by Sharif Hussein's son Emir Faysal and T.E. Lawrence, also known as "Lawrence of Arabia". On 1st October 1918, Faysal and the Arabs reached Damascus, installing an Arab government under British supervision. However, although the Ottomans were defeated, the British did not keep their promise, and the Arab world would be instead come under indirect and direct influence of the British and the French powers.

The Arab Revolt concluded four centuries of Ottoman control of Arab lands. The Arab lands included areas from Syria and Mesopotamia, to Yemen and North Africa, with the exception of Morocco. In Arab historiography, the revolt was the arrival of an ‘Arab Awakening’ which had progressed for some time. The relationship between the Arabs and the Turks can be seen as amicable from the Ottoman conquest in 1517 until the late stages of Sultan Abdul Hamid II’s reign. In an example of their good relationship, the Arabs regarded the Ottoman Sultan-Caliph as the defender of their faith, Islam.

In the middle of the eighteenth century, the Ottomans began a series of reforms to re-stabilise and modernise their regime, however, these were only implemented with effect in the middle of the nineteenth century. The impact of the Arab reforms differed throughout the Empire. For example, the reform movement was heavily applied in places such as Syria, Beirut and Aleppo whereas the reforms in Baghdad and Basra were more discrete, ultimately in Yemen and al-Hijāz there were little administrative changes. In the regions where the reforms were more heavily applied, a stronger sense of the origins of the Arab national movement against the Ottomans emerged in response to these changes.

Alongside the period of reforms the Ottomans began to centralise their government, inspired by the French system of government. In doing so, the Ottomans adhered to a rigid regime which was very detrimental to the Arab territories. This disagreement over the Ottoman regime did factor into the Arab Revolt and the consequential break from the Ottoman Empire in 1916.

After the 1908 Turkish revolution, the tension between the Ottomans and the Arabs became politicised during the first election under the new constitution. . The constituencies had been established to favour the Turks over the other nationalities in the Empire, noting that the actual population ratio of Turks to Arabs in the Empire was 2:3. . Once the Committee of Union and Progress had been elected, with a Turkish majority, it became clear that they were not interested in dismissing the previous centralisation policies of which the Arabs suffered from. .

During World War One, the British fought off the Ottoman fourth army at the Suez Canal for the second time, in 1916, they planned a series of offensives to take place in the Arab provinces to weaken the Ottoman’s resource supply. As an alternative to these offences, the British stationed in the Middle East understood that a revolt from within the Ottoman Empire would also be beneficial to their war effort. If they were to foment an Arab revolt, the Ottoman troops would be diverted away from the British front lines and it would restrict access between the Ottomans in the Middle East and the Germans in North Africa.

Preface

The British are trying to beat the Ottomans but struggle strategically because the Ottoman empire is spread through various areas of Arab Lands. They are planning to organise an Arab revolt to try to get Arab countries involved in the battlefield as well. To start the revolt they are searching for an Arab leader who can take the lead. They end up focusing on Sharif Hussein and his family. His family have been loyal and part of the Ottoman government for years. They are descendents of Muhammed and part of the Hashemites. Hussein has been named the protect of Mecca and Medina. However, since the centralisation initiatives of the Ottoman Sultan Abdul Hamit II's Hussein feels his power has been threatened. He sees the WOI as a great opportunity to start rebelling against the Ottoman empire to gain more power again. Because he is the protector of Mecca and Medina he is a good candidate for claiming to be the leader of Arab muslims.

In the end of 1915 negotiations started between Hussein and Sir Henry Mcmahon, a high commissioner in Cairo, about starting an Arab Revolt. This was called the Hussein-Mcmohan correspondence. Hussein claimed to act in the best interest of the Arab people. He want Britain to acknowledge that he will become the independent leader of the new formed Arab state after the Arab revolt. The new formed Arab state consists of the Arabian Peninsula, the Levant and Iraq. In this way he could get more power again. In return he would help the British to defeat the Ottoman Empire. McMahon claimed he fought for what was best for Britain, he wanted certain regions in Iraq and Syria to remain under British and French power.
In return they gave Hussein resources such as weaponry, food, gold which were provided by Britain were essential in launching the attack.

1916 Start of the Arab Revolt

On the 10th of June the Arab Revolt began, the leaders involved here were Emir Faysal, the son of Hussein and T.E. Lawrence, a British official. The army conquered many towns of the Ottomans and also attacked the Hijazi Railway. They also succeeded in stopping Ottoman troops becoming closer to the German troops in Africa. In total they stopped about 30.000 troops. They defeated the forces of Djemal Pasha.

T.E. Lawrence his nickname was 'Lawrence of Arabia', he was seen as a succesful military player in the conquerings of Ottoman areas, especially in the eyes of Europeans. He started working on mapping the whole area of Arab land and also helped plan the Arab Revolt. He had a huge advantage due to his maps because of this he knew the area well. He helped map out the military strategy of Britain.

1917 Conquering of seaport of Aqaba

The seaport of Aqaba was the best place for German troops to land.In June 1917 the Arab Revolt conquered this and afterwards they moved up North. Faysal struggled with explaining the various tribes here why it was a good idea to rebel against the Ottoman empire. He did this in the name of his father, who called it a Jihad (holy war). He succeeded in some tribes joining the force and others just let him pass.

1918 Victory of Damascus

On the first of October the Arab revolt conquered Damascus. A big help with this was Faysal changing his strategy to persuade to rebel against the Ottoman Empire. He stated that he did this because of Arab nationalism. In this way he won over Arabian activists that were in Damascus. In 1918 the Arab revolt established an Arab government in Damascus with Faysal as their leader. This was under supervision of the British. 
It was an Arab government financed by the British government. They ruled over what is nowadays Syria and Jordan.

It turns out that the Arab revolt was an important event to solidify Arab nationalism. Even though Husseins ideology did not meet with the emergence of Arabism he used it as a strategy to win various Arabic tribes on his side. Arab nationalism was thus a helpful source for many parties in WOI. Such as the Arab tribes and the British who used the revolt to their advantages and a key motivator for the conflict that happened in the Hijaz area.

After World War I ended in 1918, the Arabs had done their bit to support the Allied forces in their win against the Ottoman Empire. In the Paris Peace Talks 1919-1920, the British and French did not endorse their previous support of the Arab state as they had made a secret treaty, the Sykes-Picot Agreement, which solidified their influence in the Middle East after World War I.

Pahumara

The Pahumara River is a river in the Barpeta district of Assam in India. It is located at latitude 26° 17'0" and longitude 26°17'0". It is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River.

It flows through the areas of Puthimari, Medhikuchi, Pathsala, Dhumarkur, Bhawanipur, Kayakuchi and the Barpeta district.

Frequent rains in monsoon season often make the Pahumara river flood in many places, such as paddy fields (underwater fields for growing rice) and roads in the Bahari sub-division of the Barpeta district. During this time the river is quite dangerous. Sometimes the river floods when the Kurichhu hydroelectric plant in Bhutan opens its dam.

According to local people, a type of boat race on the Pahumara river has been a tradition of the area for more than 100 years.

Allied Powers of World War I

The Allied Powers of World War I were the countries who fought against the Central Powers in World War I. Major countries included the British Empire, France, the Russian Empire, the United States, Italy, and Japan. Most of these countries would fight alongside each other again in World War II, except that Italy and Japan would fight alongside Germany instead.

The Allied Powers in Europe were already allies before the war began. Serbia was an ally of Russia, and Russia was an ally of Britain and France. The war started because the Austro-Hungarian Empire declared war on Serbia in 1914, which led to a chain reaction of countries declaring war on each other.

At first, the United States was neutral, it was not part of either side. However, after several acts made by Germany against the US, the US declared war on Germany in 1917 and would fight for the Allied Powers.

Russia's campaign against the Central Powers went very poorly. Many Russian soldiers were poorly equipped and trained, many Russians were killed, and poverty and starvation became worse problems than before. Many Russians blamed Czar Nicholas II's poor leadership for Russia's problems, so he was overthrown and sent to exile. The Russian Provisional Government who replaced him also made many Russians upset because they promised that Russia would continue fighting the war. After the March Revolution that overthrew the Czar, communist revolutionary Vladimir Lenin made a deal with Germany. The deal was that he would stop the fighting between Russia and Germany if they sent him to Russia to overthrow the government. Lenin's slogan for his communist government was "peace, land, and bread". This meant that the communist government promised no more fighting in the war, land redistribution so that everyone in Russia could have an equal amount of property, and that food would be plentiful. After the Communist Party took over Russia in the October Revolution, they fulfilled their promise to Germany and ended Russia's fighting in the war.

In World War II, Italy would join Germany in the Axis Powers because its leader, Benito Mussolini, had a similar ideology to Nazism. Japan was disappointed with the end of World War I because it did not gain as much as it wanted. Japan would also join the Axis Powers because it thought it would help the Japanese Empire grow faster than if it did with the Allies.

Calvert, Texas

Calvert is a city in Texas.

Hearne, Texas

Hearne is a city of Robertson County in the state of Texas in the United States.

Hondo, Texas

Hondo is a city in and the county seat of Medina County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,289.


Floydada, Texas

Floydada is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Floyd County.

Dodd City, Texas

Dodd City is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ottawa Dragon Boat festival

The Ottawa Dragon Boat festival is held every year in Ottawa, the National capital of Canada. The festival was founded in 1993. In 2019 the festival had 200 teams competing. The festival lasts for four days and offers free admission to concerts, amusement attractions, sports demonstrations, artisans, exhibitors, culinary treats, children’s area and non-stop dragon boat racing.

The Festival is made possible through Celebrate Ontario and the City of Ottawa "Partnership Program".

Tower of Babel

The Tower of Babel (, "Migdal Bavel") story in Genesis 11:1–9 is a story that explains why the world's peoples speak different languages.

According to the story, a united humanity in the generations following the Great Flood, speaking a single language and migrating westward, comes to the land of Shinar (). There they agree to build a city and a tower tall enough to reach heaven. God, observing their city and tower, felt insulted and confused the humans so that they could no longer understand each other. He then scatters them around the world.

Some modern scholars have associated the Tower of Babel with known structures, notably the Etemenanki, a ziggurat dedicated to the Mesopotamian god Marduk in Babylon. A Sumerian story with some similar elements is told in "Enmerkar and the Lord of Aratta".

Standard German

Standard German, High German, or Standard High German, (, , or in Swiss Standard German ), is the standardized variety of the German language used in formal occasions, and for communication between different dialect areas. It has three specific regional variants: German Standard German, Austrian Standard German, and Swiss Standard German.


Standard German phonology

The phonology of Standard German is the standard pronunciation or accent of the German language. It deals with current phonology and phonetics as well as with historical developments thereof as well as the geographical variants and the influence of German dialects.

German has 25 phonemes, which is average among other languages. One of its more unique sounds is the unusual affricate .
" is the voiceless palatal fricative (found in the word 'I'), and is the voiceless velar fricative (as in the interjection 'oh', 'alas'). is the German word for 'sound, phone'. 

In German, these two sounds are allophones occurring in complementary distribution. The allophone occurs after back vowels and (for instance in 'book'), the allophone after front vowels (for instance in 'me/myself') and consonants (for instance in 'fear', 'sometimes'). (This happens most regularly: if the in is pronounced as a consonant, represents ; however if, as often happens, it is vocalized as , resembling the vowel , then may represent , yielding .)


Abyssinia Crisis

The Abyssinia Crisis happened in 1935. It started with the Walwal incident, a conflict between the Kingdom of Italy and the Empire of Ethiopia (then commonly known as "Abyssinia"). The League of Nations said Italy could not intervene and voted to punish Italy's economy. But the League did not follow through, and Italy quit the League, made special deals with Britain and France and invaded Abyssinia. The crisis made the League look bad, and made Fascist Italy closer friends with Nazi Germany.

Both Italy and Ethiopia did not like each other. The League of Nations said:At places where there is not a single Italian national, a consul establishes himself in an area known as consular territory with a guard of about ninety men, for whom he claims jurisdictional immunity. This is an obvious abuse of consular privileges. The abuse is all the greater that the consul's duties, apart from the supplying of information of a military character, take the form of assembling stocks of arms, which constitute a threat to the peace of the country, whether from the internal or the international point of view.




Yehud Medinata

Yehud Medinata (Aramaic for the State of Judah), or simply Yehud, was part of the Persian Achaemenid Empire. It was within the satrapy of Eber-Nari.

It was roughly like the older kingdom of Judah but had less land. The area of Yehud Medinata is roughly the same as the previous Babylonian province of Yehud, which was created after the kingdom of Judah was invaded by the Neo-Babylonian Empire (c. 597).

Yehud Medinata continued to exist for two centuries, until Alexander the Great conquered it and made it part of his empire.

Exact times for Babylonian and Persian rule do not have complete agreement. Other dates are plausible.



Culper spy ring

During the American Revolution, a man by the name of Abraham Woodhull ran a ring of civilian spies on behalf of General George Washington against the British using the pseudonym Samuel Culper. It was known as the Culper spy ring.

Upper Canada

Upper Canada is an old British name for the Canadian province of Ontario.

Constitutional Act 1791

The Contitution Act of 1791 is a law issued by the British Parliament under King George III in response to the demands of the United Empire Loyalists asking for elected representation. It split a British colony called the Province of Quebec into two separate provinces. The province of Upper Canada since renamed Ontario and the province of Lower Canada since renamed Quebec. Each was given elected representatives to let the government know what they wanted but who didn't have any actual power.

Lower Canada

The Province of Lower Canada was a British colony in Canada. It included Labrador and the southern part of Quebec. It was created in 1791 when Britain split Quebec into two provinces. It was merged in 1841 with the rest of Quebec to form the Province of Canada.

Evergy

Evergy is an electric utility in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. The company was created from a merger of Westar Energy of Topeka and Great Plains Energy of Kansas City, Missouri. Evergy is the largest electric company in Kansas. They serve 690,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in the eastern third of Kansas.

David Peck

David Peck is an American business executive, consultant, writer and public speaker, who is active at the intersection of cannabis and E-commerce sectors.

He attained a Bachelor's Degree in Psychology from Brown University, Rhode Island in 2003. He is the co-founder of Ivy Film Festival, hosted annually on the campus of Brown University.

He went on to help start the Ask a Ninja YouTube show.

In 2013, he founded Sock Panda, a company which donates socks to those in need with every purchase. As of December 2017 the company has donated nearly 100,000 socks to homeless shelters, low income senior centers, hospitals, and under-privileged classrooms throughout the United States.

He attained the Master of Business Administration from USC Marshall School of Business, California in 2014.

On April 2017, he joined High Times to serve as Vice President of Business Development

Jimi system

The Jimi system () is a way to organize the government to rule over far-away foreign lands. It uses barbarians to rule over barbarians or the people you conquered to rule over the people you conquered. 

It was used in China between the 7th century and 10th century. It was used during the Tang Dynasty from 650s-740s. It was also used in the Song, Mongol Yuan, Ming dynasties. But then it was also called the "Tusi system" (). It ended around 1726. Then the Qing dynasty created a new system.

The term "Jimi" was first seen in the annotation of "Shiji" quoted by Sima Zhen in a book from the Eastern Han era. It means that a man uses a reign to lead a horse. 

Jimi roughly translates as "loose reigns". It was an indirect way to rule over people.

It is also known as Jimi fuzhou () or the loose-control administrative units, they were not commonly confused with Zhengzhou () or the regular administrative units.

China back then often conquered foreign lands. For example when China would conquer barbarians in the north, it would gain a lot of land. How does China govern so much land? They needed a way to govern these foreigners (or "barbarians"). 

China tells one of the barbarians they conquered to rule over the land for them. That ruler would have to follow orders from China, pay money, and help with China's military. This is Jimi. 

The jimi ruler would received instructions from the central authorities in China. They would pass their power to their first sons. 

Each year they would pay money to China (tribute). They helped with China's military.

There were three levels: the command (, like the central government), prefecture (, like a state) and county (). Together these were known as jimi fuzhou.

The Tang conquered the Gokturks and made two jimi governments ("duhufu" 都護府) in 658. They were around the Tarbagatai Mountains and Lake Balkhash. Sometimes the term was applied to military camps created within Tang China.



Arab Winter

During the Arab Winter there was a resurgence of authoritarianism, absolute monarchies and Islamic extremism.

The Arab Winter started in 2014 and happened four years after the Arab Spring. It includes civil wars, mounting regional instability, economic and demographic decline of Arab countries, and ethno-religious wars.

By the summer of 2014, the Arab Winter had resulted in nearly a quarter of a million deaths and millions of refugees. Perhaps the most significant event was the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant from 2014 to the present.


Chinese professor Zhang Weiwei first predicted an "Arab Winter" in his June 2011 debate with Francis Fukuyama. "My understanding of the Middle East leads me to conclude that the west should not be too happy. It will bring enormous problems to American interest. It is called "Arab Spring" for now, and I guess it will soon turn to be the winter for the Middle East."

In early 2016, "The Economist" said the Winter was ongoing and "worse than ever".

According to the Moshe Dayan Center for Middle Eastern and African Studies, as of January 2014, the Arab Winter cost the Arab League $800 billion USD. In 2014, sixteen million people in Syria, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon were expected to need help.

According to a study by the American University of Beirut, as of the summer of 2014, a quarter of a million died, and millions are refugees.

Political columnist and commentator George Will said that as of early 2017, over 30,000 died in Libya, 220,000–320,000 were killed in Syria, and 4 million refugees had fled the Syrian Civil War alone. 
There is chaos and violence. So many people fled the Middle East and North Africa to Europe, it has resulted in the European migrant crisis. As a result, "boat-people", which was once commonly referred to Vietnamese boat people, became frequently used. These include refugees from Libya or Tunisia, escaping to the European Union across the Mediterranean Sea. Some European politicians fear the migrants might "flood" their shores. So many Europeans are working on laws to help manage the arrivals along their nations' borders.



Julian year

In astronomy, a Julian year (symbol: a) is a unit to measure time. It has exactly 365 days of 86,400 seconds each. That is the average length of the year in the Julian calendar used in Western societies in previous centuries, and for which the unit is named. Nevertheless, because a Julian year measures duration rather than designates date, the Julian year does not correspond to years in the Julian calendar or any other calendar. Nor does it correspond to the many other ways of defining a year (for which, "see Year"). It is also not connected to the Julian day used in astronomy.

Isekai

There are mainly two ways for the character(s) to go to a different world. 

One is . In some stories, the character goes to the different world keeping their memory. But there are also stories that the character remembers their previous life after being grown up. 

The other is . The way of moving to a different world is different between stories. For example, the character may suddenly move to a different world, or be made to move to a different world by somebody like god. 

Anime that are regarded as Isekai include "", "That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Overlord, No Game No Life, Log Horizon," etc.

There is some debate as to whether some anime such as "Sword Art Online." In this anime, the protagonist goes into a virtual world and eventually get out.

Greek government-debt crisis

The Greek government-debt crisis happened after the financial crisis of 2007–08. In Greece it is known as The Crisis (). It started with sudden reforms and austerity measures. But this made people poor and lose money and land. 

The Greek economy is in the longest recession of any advanced capitalist economy to date. It is even longer than the US Great Depression. Many well-educated Greeks left the country.

A trade deficit means that a country is buying more than it produces, so it has to borrow from others. Both the Greek trade deficit and budget deficit rose from below 5% of GDP in 1999 to peak around 15% of GDP in the 2008–2009 periods. Greece was perceived as a higher credit risk alone than it was as a member of the Eurozone. Thus investors felt the EU would help out Greece.

Reports in 2009 of Greek government disorganization increased borrowing costs. Greece could no longer borrow to finance its trade and budget deficits at an affordable cost.

The Greek crisis was triggered by the Great Recession, which led the budget deficits of several Western nations to reach or exceed 10% of GDP. Greece had high budget deficit (10.2% and 15.1% of GDP in 2008 and 2009, respectively). But at the same time it had high public debt to GDP ratio. Greece appeared to lose control of this ratio, which already reached 127% of GDP in 2009. Being a member of the Eurozone, the country had essentially no autonomous monetary policy flexibility. 

In January 2010, the Greek Ministry of Finance published the "Stability and Growth Program 2010". The report listed five main causes: poor GDP growth, government debt and deficits, budget compliance and data credibility. Causes found by others included excess government spending, current account deficits, tax avoidance and tax evasion.

Austerity

Austerity measures (political-economics) are government actions that try to reduce government budget deficits. They do this by spending less, increasing tax, both, or some other clever ways.

Austerity measures are used by governments that find it difficult to pay their debts. The measures are meant to reduce the budget deficit by bringing government revenue closer to spending.

In most macroeconomic models, austerity policies generally increase unemployment as government spending falls. Decreased government spending reduces public and maybe private employment. Also, tax increases can reduce consumption by cutting household disposable income. Some say that reducing spending may result in a higher debt-to-GDP ratio because government expenditure itself is a part of GDP.

For example, after the Great Recession, austerity measures in many European countries were followed by increasing unemployment and debt-to-GDP ratios despite smaller budget deficits. When an economy is operating at or near capacity, higher short-term deficit spending (stimulus) can cause interest rates to rise. This results in a reduction in private investment. This then reduces economic growth. Where there is excess capacity, the stimulus can result in an increase in employment and output.



Swadeshi movement

The Swadeshi movement was part of the Indian independence movement. It aimed at removing the British Empire from power and improving economic conditions in India. It was begun on 7 August 1905 in Calcutta.

Lawrence University

Lawrence University is a four-year college in Appleton, Wisconsin, United States. It was founded in 1847. It is a private school not affiliated with any church. In addition to the men's and women's liberal arts colleges, Lawrence has a Conservatory of Music. In 2018 there were 1,472 students in the university. Of these, 13% were foreign students from over 45 countries. There were 405 faculty members (76% were full time). 

Lawrence University grants two four-year degrees: B.A. and B.Mus. It also grants a five-year combined B.A./B.Mus. degree.

The university is a member of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest (ACM), which has off-campus programs in the United States and many other countries. Students from Lawrence and the other member schools may take part in these programs.

Lawrence has been a member of the Midwest Conference sports league since it began in 1921. 

One year's tuition and fees are $47,475. Room and board are $10,341.

The University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. The Conservatory of Music is an accredited institutional member of the National Association of Schools of Music. 

Gadfly

Gadfly is used for term for horse-fly or botfly. They are ectoparasites of mammals which drive the animals almost crazy with irritation.

Botfly

Botflies, also known as warble flies or gadflies, are a family of flies: the Oestridae. Their larvae are internal parasites of mammals, some species growing in the host's flesh and others within the gut.

Extraterrestrial sky

In astronomy, an extraterrestrial sky is a view of outer space from the surface of a planet (or related body in space) other than Earth.

The only extraterrestrial sky that has been directly observed and photographed by astronauts is that of the Moon. The skies of Venus, Mars and Titan have been observed by space probes designed to land on the surface and send images back to Earth.

Extraterrestrial skies seem to vary because of a number of reasons. An extraterrestrial atmosphere, if present, has a large bearing on visible characteristics. The atmosphere's density and chemical composition can contribute to differences in color, opacity (including haze) and the presence of clouds. Astronomical objects may also be visible and can include natural satellites, rings, star systems and nebulas and other planetary system bodies.

For skies that have not been directly or indirectly observed, their appearance can be simulated based on known factors, such as the position of astronomical objects relative to the surface and atmospheric composition.

Because Mercury has little or no atmosphere, a view of the planet's skies would be no different from viewing space from orbit. Mercury has a southern pole star, Alpha Pictoris. It is fainter than Earth's Polaris in the constellation Ursa Minor.

On average, the visible diameter of the Sun on Mercury is 2.5 times as large as it appears from Earth, and its total brightness is more than 6 times as great. Because of the planet's orbit, the Sun's apparent diameter in the sky would vary from 2.2 times that from Earth to 3.2 times. The sun would be over ten-times brighter.

Due to its slow rotation, a day on Mercury lasts around 176 Earth days.

After the Sun, the second-brightest object in the Mercurian sky is Venus, which is much brighter there than for observers on Earth.

The Earth and the Moon are also very prominent in the sky of Mercury. and −1.2, respectively. All other planets are visible just as they are on Earth, but somewhat less bright at opposition.

The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the Sun cannot be easily seen in the daytime sky, and the stars are not visible at night. Color images taken by the space probes suggest that the sky on Venus is orange. If the Sun could be seen from Venus's surface, the time from one sunrise to the next would be about 117 Earth days. Because of the rotation of Venus, the Sun would appear to rise in the west and set in the east.

An observer above the clouds of Venus would circle the planet in about four Earth days, and see a sky in which the Earth and the Moon shine brightly. Mercury would also be easy to spot, because it is closer and brighter, and because its maximum elongation from the Sun is considerably larger than when observed from Earth.

The Moon's atmosphere is very thin so its sky is always black, as in the case of Mercury. However, the Sun is so bright that it is impossible to see stars during the daytime, unless the observer is well shielded from sunlight.

The Sun looks the same from the Moon as it does from Earth's orbit, somewhat brighter than it does from the Earth's surface, and colored pure white, due to the lack of scattering and absorption in its very thin atmosphere.

Due to the position and orbit of the moon, the Sun nearly always takes the same path through the Moon's sky over the course of a year. As a result, there are craters and valleys near the Moon's poles that never receive direct sunlight, and there may exist mountains and hilltops that are never in shadow.

Among the most prominent features of the Moon's sky is Earth. Earth shows phases, just like the Moon does for observers on Earth. The phases, however, are opposite; when the observer on Earth sees the full Moon, the lunar observer sees a "new Earth", and vice versa. The full Earth glows over 50 times brighter than the full Moon at its brightest for the observer on Earth. Earth light reflected on the Moon's darker half is bright enough to be visible from Earth, and is known as known as earthshine.

As a result of the Moon's rotation, one side of the Moon (the "near side") is permanently turned towards Earth, and the other side, the "far side", mostly cannot be seen from Earth. This means, conversely, that Earth can be seen only from the near side of the Moon and would always be invisible from the far side.

Earth and the Sun sometimes meet in the lunar sky, causing an eclipse. On Earth, one would see a lunar eclipse, when the Moon passes through the Earth's shadow; meanwhile on the Moon, one would see a solar eclipse, when the Sun goes behind the Earth. Since the apparent diameter of the Earth is four times as large as that of the Sun, the Sun would be hidden behind the Earth for hours. Earth's atmosphere would be visible as a reddish ring.

Solar eclipse shadows, when the Moon blocks sunlight to the Earth, on the other hand, would not be as spectacular for observers on the Moon viewing the Earth: the Moon's umbra nearly tapers out at the Earth's surface. A blurry dark patch would be barely visible. The effect would be comparable to the shadow of a golf ball cast by sunlight on an object away. Observers on the Moon with telescopes might be able to discern the umbral shadow as a black spot at the center of a less dark region (penumbra) traveling across the full Earth's disk. It would look essentially the same as it does to the Deep Space Climate Observatory, which orbits Earth at the L1 Lagrangian point in the Sun-Earth system, from Earth.

In summary, whenever an eclipse of some sort is occurring on Earth, an eclipse of another sort is occurring on the Moon. Eclipses occur for observers on both Earth and the Moon whenever the two bodies and the Sun align in a straight line.

Mars has only a thin atmosphere; however, it is extremely dusty, and there is much light that is scattered about. The sky is thus rather bright during the daytime and stars are not visible.

Capturing accurate color images from Mars's surface is difficult. For many years, the sky on Mars was thought to be more pinkish than it is now believed to be.

It is now known that during the Martian day, the sky is a butterscotch color. Around sunset and sunrise, the sky is rose in color, but in the vicinity of the setting Sun it is blue. This is the opposite of the situation on Earth. Twilight lasts a long time after the Sun has set and before it rises because of the dust high up in the atmosphere of Mars.

On Mars, the red color of the sky is caused by the presence of iron(III) oxide in the airborne dust particles. These particles are larger in size than gas molecules, so most of the light is scattered. Dust absorbs blue light and scatters longer wavelengths (red, orange, yellow).

The Sun as seen from Mars is about as large as seen from Earth, and shines 40% of the light, approximately the brightness of a slightly cloudy afternoon on Earth.

Mars has two small moons: Phobos and Deimos. From the Martian surface, Phobos is one-third to one-half the size of the Sun, while Deimos is barely more than a dot.

Due to its orbit, Phobos rises in the west and sets in the east. Deimos rises in the east and sets in the west, like a "normal" moon, although its appearance to the naked eye would be star-like. Phobos and Deimos can both eclipse the Sun as seen from Mars, although neither can completely cover its disk and so the event is in fact a transit, rather than an eclipse.

The Earth is visible from Mars as a double star; the Moon would be visible alongside it as a fainter companion.
Venus as seen from Mars would have an apparent magnitude of about −3.2.

Compared with their view from Earth, the outer planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune) would appear slightly brighter during opposition, but slightly dimmer during conjunction.

From Phobos, Mars appears 6,400 times larger and 2,500 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth. From Deimos, Mars appears 1,000 times larger and 400 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth.
The asteroid belt is sparsely populated and most asteroids are very small, so that an observer situated on one asteroid would be unlikely to be able to see another without the aid of a telescope. Some asteroids that cross the orbits of planets may occasionally get close enough to a planet or asteroid so that an observer from that asteroid can make out the disc of the nearby object without the aid of binoculars or a telescope.

Although no images from within Jupiter's atmosphere have ever been taken, artistic representations typically assume that the planet's sky is blue, though dimmer than Earth's, because the sunlight there is on average 27 times fainter, at least in the upper reaches of the atmosphere. The planet's narrow rings might be faintly visible from latitudes above the equator. Further down into the atmosphere, the Sun would be obscured by clouds and haze of various colors, most commonly blue, brown, and red. Although theories abound on the cause of the colors, there is currently no clear answer.

From Jupiter, the Sun appears to be less than a quarter of its size as seen from Earth.

Aside from the Sun, the most prominent objects in Jupiter's sky are the four Galilean moons. Io, the nearest to the planet, would be slightly larger than the full moon in Earth's sky, though less bright, and would be the largest moon in the Solar System as seen from Jupiter. The higher brightness of Europa would not overcome its greater distance from Jupiter, so it would not outshine Io. Ganymede, the largest moon and third from Jupiter, is almost as bright as Io and Europa, but appears only half the size of Io. Callisto, further out, would appear only a quarter the size of Io.
None of the surface features on Jupiter's moons would appear as prominent as the lunar maria do when the Moon is viewed from Earth. Dark and light patches would be visible on Io's surface due to the coloration of sulfur that covers Io, and the largest volcanoes would be designated by dark points, but the lack of large, contrasting features results in a poor view of it. Europa, however, would appear as a completely featureless white disc. Even when viewed from nearby, most spacecraft images use contrast enhancements to clearly show the cracks in the Europan ice. Vague dark and light patches would be visible on Ganymede, whereas Callisto is much too distant for any features to be made out.

All four Galilean moons stand out because of the swiftness of their motion, compared to the Moon. They are all also large enough to fully eclipse the Sun.

Jupiter's small inner moons appear only as star-like points except Amalthea, which can occasionally appear as large as Callisto. However, they would all be brighter than any star. The outer moons would be invisible except for Himalia, which would appear as a dim, star-like point to the naked eye only under favorable circumstances.

None of Jupiter's moons have more than traces of atmosphere, so their skies are black or very nearly so. For an observer on one of the moons, the most prominent feature of the sky by far would be Jupiter.

Because the inner moons of Jupiter are in synchronous rotation around Jupiter, the planet always appears in nearly the same spot in their skies. Observers on the sides of the Galilean satellites facing away from the planet would never see Jupiter, for instance.

From the moons of Jupiter, solar eclipses caused by the Galilean satellites would be spectacular, because an observer would see the circular shadow of the eclipsing moon travel across Jupiter's face.

The sky in the upper reaches of Saturn's atmosphere is blue, but the predominant color of its cloud decks suggests that it may be yellowish further down. The rings of Saturn are almost certainly visible from the upper reaches of its atmosphere. The rings are so thin that from a position on Saturn's equator, they would be almost invisible. However, from anywhere else on the planet, they could be seen as a spectacular arc stretching across half the celestial hemisphere.

Saturn's moons would not look particularly impressive in its sky, as most are fairly small, and the largest are a long way from the planet. Even Titan, the largest moon of Saturn, appears only half the size of Earth's moon. In fact, Titan is the dimmest of Saturn's large moons due to its great distance and dimness; Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, and Rhea are all brighter. Most of the inner moons would appear as bright, star-like points (with the exception of Janus), although most would shine brighter than any star. None of the outer moons would be visible except Phoebe which would be very dim.

Since the inner moons of Saturn are all in synchronous rotation, the planet always appears in the same spot in their skies. Observers on the sides of those satellites facing away from the planet would never see Saturn. In the skies of Saturn's inner moons, Saturn is an enormous object.

Saturn's rings would not be prominent from most of the moons. This is because the rings, though wide, are not very thick. The rings are edge-on and practically invisible from the inner moons. From the outer moons, starting with Iapetus, a more oblique view of the rings would be available, although the greater distance would make Saturn appear smaller in the sky; from Phoebe, the largest of Saturn's irregular moons, Saturn would appear only as big as the full Moon does from Earth. The best view of the rings may be from the inner moon Mimas, which is fairly near the rings. The co-orbitals Epimetheus and Janus would also get a good view. Tethys gets the next best view; Iapetus gets a good view of the rings and is more than any of the outer moons can claim.

Titan is the only moon in the Solar System to have a thick atmosphere. The Titanean sky is a light tangerine color. However, an astronaut standing on the surface of Titan would see a hazy brownish/dark orange color. As a consequence of its greater distance from the Sun and the thickness of its atmosphere, the surface of Titan receives only about of the sunlight Earth does – daytime on Titan is thus only as bright as twilight on the Earth. It seems likely that Saturn is permanently invisible behind orange smog, and even the Sun would be only a lighter patch in the haze, barely illuminating the surface of ice and methane lakes. However, in the upper atmosphere, the sky would have a blue color and Saturn would be visible. With its thick atmosphere and methane rain, Titan is the only celestial body other than Earth upon which rainbows on the surface could form. However, given the extreme thickness of the atmosphere in visible light, the vast majority of the rainbow would be in the infrared.

Seen from Enceladus, Saturn would have a visible diameter sixty times more than the Moon visible from Earth. Moreover, since Enceladus rotates synchronously with its orbital period and therefore keeps one face pointed toward Saturn, the planet never moves in the sky of Enceladus and cannot be seen from the far side of the satellite.

Saturn's rings would be almost invisible, but their shadow on Saturn's disk would be clearly distinguishable. Like our own Moon from Earth, Saturn itself would show regular phases. From Enceladus, the Sun would have a diameter of only one-ninth that of the Moon as seen from Earth.

An observer located on Enceladus could also observe Mimas (the biggest satellite located inside Enceladus's orbit) transit in front of Saturn every 72 hours, on average. Its apparent size would be about the same size as the Moon seen from Earth. Pallene and Methone would appear nearly star-like. Tethys, visible from Enceladus's anti-Saturnian side, would reach a maximum apparent size, about twice that of the Moon as seen from the Earth.

Judging by the color of its atmosphere, the sky of Uranus is probably a light blue. It is unlikely that the planet's rings can be seen from its surface, as they are very thin and dark.

None of Uranus's moons would appear as large as a full moon on Earth from the surface of Uranus, but the large number of them would present an interesting sight for observers hovering above the cloud tops. Unlike on Jupiter and Saturn, many of the inner moons can be seen as disks rather than star-like points; the moons Portia and Juliet can appear around the size of Miranda at times, and a number of other inner moons appear larger than Oberon. The outer irregular moons would not be visible to the naked eye.

The low light levels at such a great distance from the sun ensure that the moons appear very dim; the brightest, Ariel, would shine more than 100 times dimmer than the moon as seen from Earth. Meanwhile, the outer large moon Oberon would be only as bright as Venus despite its proximity.

Judging by the color of its atmosphere, the sky of Neptune is probably an azure or sky blue, similar to Uranus'. As in the case of Uranus, it is unlikely that the planet's rings can be seen from its surface, as they are very thin and dark.

Aside from the Sun, the most notable object in Neptune's sky is its large moon Triton, which would appear slightly smaller than a full Moon on Earth. It moves more swiftly than our Moon. The smaller moon Proteus would show a disk about half the size of the full Moon. An alignment of the inner moons would likely produce a spectacular sight. Neptune's large outer satellite, Nereid, is not large enough to appear as a disk from Neptune, and is not noticeable in the sky. The other irregular outer moons would not be visible to the naked eye.

As with Uranus, the low light levels cause the major moons to appear very dim.

Triton, Neptune's largest moon, has an atmosphere, but it is so thin that its sky is still black, possibly with some pale haze at the horizon. Because Triton orbits with synchronous rotation, Neptune always appears in the same position in its sky. As Neptune orbits the Sun, Triton's polar regions take turns facing the Sun for 82 years at a stretch, resulting in radical seasonal changes as one pole, then the other, moves into the sunlight.

Neptune itself with a maximum brightness would be about that of the full moon on Earth. Due to its eccentric orbit, Nereid would vary considerably in brightness; its disk would be far too small to see with the naked eye. Proteus would also be difficult to resolve but, at its closest, would rival Canopus.
A trans-Neptunian object is any minor planet in the Solar System that orbits the Sun at a greater average distance than Neptune.

Pluto, accompanied by its largest moon Charon, orbits the Sun at a distance usually outside the orbit of Neptune except for a twenty-year period in each orbit.
From Pluto, the Sun is point-like to human eyes, but still very bright, giving roughly 150 to 450 times the light of the full Moon from Earth. Nonetheless, human observers on Pluto would notice a large decrease in available light.

Pluto's atmosphere consists of a thin envelope of nitrogen, methane, and carbon monoxide gases, all of which are derived from the ices of these substances on its surface. When Pluto is close to the Sun, the temperature of Pluto's solid surface increases, causing these ices to sublimate into gasses. This atmosphere also produces a noticeable blue haze that is visible at sunset and possibly other times of the Plutonian day.

Pluto and Charon are tidally locked to each other. This means that Charon always presents the same face to Pluto, and Pluto also always presents the same face to Charon. Observers on the far side of Charon from Pluto would never see the dwarf planet; observers on the far side of Pluto from Charon would never see the moon. Charon, as seen from Pluto's surface would be a very large object in the night sky.

The sky of a comet changes dramatically as it nears the Sun. During closest distance, a comet's ices begin to sublime from its surface, forming tails of gas and dust, and a coma. An observer on a comet nearing the Sun might see the stars slightly obscured by a milky haze, which could create halo effects around the Sun and other bright objects.

For observers on extrasolar planets, the constellations would differ depending on the distances involved. A consequence of observing the universe from other stars is that stars that may appear bright in our own sky may appear dimmer in other skies and vice versa.

A planet around either α Centauri A or B would see the other star as a very bright secondary.

From a planet orbiting Aldebaran, 65 light years away, our Sun would be seen as an insignificant star between Ophiuchus and Scorpius. Constellations made of bright, distant stars would look somewhat similar (such as Orion and Scorpius) but much of the night sky would seem unfamiliar to someone from Earth. Even Orion would appear somewhat different; viewed from this position, Alnilam and Mintaka would appear to be on top of each other, thus reducing the belt to two stars. Also, Bellatrix would be much closer to the belt, making the "chest" of Orion somewhat smaller.

If the Sun were to be observed from the Alpha Centauri system, the nearest star system to ours, it would appear to be as a star in the constellation Cassiopeia. Due to the proximity of the Alpha Centauri system, the constellations would, for the most part, appear similar.

From further away, the Sun would be an average looking star in the constellation Serpens Caput. At this distance, most of the stars nearest to us would be in different locations to those in our sky, including Alpha Centauri, Sirius, and Procyon.


Warble fly

A warble fly is a large fly of the genus "Hypoderma". It is an ectoparasite on horses, sheep, goats and humans. They lay their eggs on the front legs of large animals. They bore their way in, causing damage and distress. They have been eliminated from European countries, but reinfestations occur regularly.

Ford County, Kansas

Ford County (county code FO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,287 people lived there. Its county seat is Dodge City. Dodge City is also the biggest city in Ford County. The county is named after Colonel James Hobart Ford.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.07%) is water.

The Dodge City Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ford County.

The 2020 census says that there were 34,287 people. These people made up households. 50.1% of the people were White, 2.9% were Black or African American, 2.2% Native American, 1.2% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 24.5% from other races, and 19.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 57.4% of the population.

Ford County has been strongly Republican for most of its history, especially in recent elections. Only eight Democratic presidential candidates from 1888 to the present day have won the county. The most recent winner being Jimmy Carter in 1976.

Ford County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986. The changed allowed liquor to be sold.

Riley County, Kansas

Riley County (standard abbreviation: RL) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 71,959 people lived there. The biggest city is Manhattan. Manhattan is also the county seat.

Two of Kansas' biggest employers are in Riley County: Fort Riley and Kansas State University.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" started in Riley County. This tornado was believed to have been an F4 on the Fujita scale. The damage path of it was wide and long. Eighteen people were killed. Sixty people were injured.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

The county is in the Flint Hills region of Kansas.

Riley County is part of the Manhattan, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area. Millennials make up 53.6% of the population of Riley County. It is one of the highest rates in the United States.

Riley County is the only county in Kansas without an elected sheriff. The county police department handles all the Sheriff’s responsibilities.




Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties. It is north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers in Geary County. 25,000 people are in the fort during the day. It includes a census-designated place:


1957 Indian presidential election

The Election Commission of India held indirect 2nd presidential elections of India on May 6, 1957. Dr. Rajendra Prasad won his re-election with 459,698 votes over his rivals Chowdhry Hari Ramwho got 2,672 votes and Nagendra Narayan Das who got 2,000 votes. Rajendra Prasad, has been the only person, to have won and served two terms, as President of India.

Geary County, Kansas

Geary County (county code GE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 36,739 people lived there. Its county seat and most populous city is Junction City. The county is named after Governor John W. Geary.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.9%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Kansas by land area. It is the third-smallest by total area.

Geary County is in the Junction City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is included in the Manhattan-Junction City, KS Combined Statistical Area.

Geary County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1990.





Located north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers, the Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties. The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000 and includes one census-designated place:

Geary County is divided into eight townships. The city of Junction City is considered "governmentally independent" and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.



Kara Swisher

Kara Swisher is an Opinion writer at the NY Times.


Niobrara County, Wyoming

Niobrara County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 United States Census, 2,467 people lived there. Its county seat is Lusk. Its eastern boundary abuts the west lines of the states of Nebraska and South Dakota.

Niobrara County was created on February 21, 1911.

The county was named for the Niobrara River, which rises near Lusk.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.07%) is water.





Platte County, Wyoming

Platte County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 8,605 people lived there. Its county seat is Wheatland.

Platte County was created on February 21, 1911. The county was named for the North Platte River, which flows through the northeastern part of the county.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Wyoming by area.



Sheridan County, Wyoming

Sheridan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 30,921 people lived there. Its county seat is Sheridan.





Atchison County, Kansas

Atchison County (county code AT) is a county in northeastern Kansas, in the Central United States. In 2020, 16,348 people lived there. Its county seat is Atchison. Atchison is also the biggest city in the county. The county is named after David Rice Atchison, a United States Senator from Missouri.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county by area in Kansas.

On July 4, 1804, to mark Independence Day, the Lewis and Clark Expedition named Independence Creek near the city of Atchison (see Timeline of the Lewis and Clark Expedition).

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Atchison County is in the Atchison, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Atchison County has been a swing county for most of its history. It has had multiple extended streaks of being a bellwether county, the first running from 1896 to 1936. After voting more Republican than the nation in the 1940s & voting for losing candidate Richard Nixon in 1960, another bellwether streak ran from 1964 to 2004. Since then, the county has become significantly more Republican, with Barack Obama failing to win the county in both of his victories & Hillary Clinton losing it by over 30 percent to Donald Trump in 2016.





Sublette County, Wyoming

Sublette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 8,728 people lived there. Its county seat is Pinedale. The county was created on February 15, 1921.





Sheridan, Wyoming

Sheridan is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Sheridan County.

Sweetwater County, Wyoming

Sweetwater County is a county in southwestern Wyoming, United States. As of the 2020 census, 42,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Green River. Its southern boundary line abuts the north lines of the states of Colorado and Utah.

Sweetwater County was created on December 17, 1867.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water. It is the largest county in Wyoming by area.


Uinta County, Wyoming

Uinta County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 20,450 people lived there. Its county seat is Evanston.







Washakie County, Wyoming

Washakie County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 7,685 people lived there. Its county seat is Worland. The county was created on February 21, 1911.





Cherokee County, Kansas

Cherokee County (county code CK) is a U.S. county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020 census, 19,362 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbus. The biggest city in Cherokee County is Baxter Springs. Baxter Springs became the first "cow town" in Kansas during the 1870s and the period of cattle drives.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

For most of its history, Cherokee County had more of a Democratic lean in presidential elections than the rest of the state, particularly before 1968. Since then, its only voted for Democratic candidates twice in 1976 & 1992, when it was their second & fourth best county in the state, respectively. From 1996 on, the county has swung powerfully Republican similar to the rest of Southeast Kansas, with Hillary Clinton posted the worst percentage for a Democratic candidate ever at only 23.3%.




Weston County, Wyoming

Weston County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 6,838 people lived there. Its county seat is Newcastle. Its east boundary line abuts the west line of the state of South Dakota.

Weston County was created on March 12, 1890.







Henrietta, Texas

Henrietta is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Clay County.

Henrietta was created in 1874.

Henrietta has a total area of 5.2 square miles.

Henrietta has 3,111 people living there.


Pottawatomie County, Kansas

Pottawatomie County (standard abbreviation: PT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,348 people lived there. The county seat is Westmoreland. The county is named after the Potawatomi group of Native Americans.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (2.4%) is water.

Pottawatomie County is part of the Manhattan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Pottawatomie County is very Republican. The only Democratic presidential candidate to get a majority in Pottawatomie County was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 has gotten as much as forty percent of the county’s vote.

The Unified School Districts that serve Pottawatomie County include:




1962 Indian presidential election

The Election Commission of India held the indirect third presidential elections of India on 7 May 1962.
Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was elected as the Indian president in 1962.
The election schedule was announced by the Election Commission on 6 April 1962.

Source: Web archive of Election Commission of India website

Edward Shotter

Edward Frank Shotter (29 June 1933 – 3 July 2019) was an Anglican priest and author. He is most notable for starting the London Medical Group in the mid-1960s. This was a forum for the discussion of the ethical issues of medicine. From 1966 to 1989 he was Director of Studies at the London Medical Group when he was appointed Dean of Rochester, a post he held until retirement in 2003.

Shotter died on 3 July 2019, four days after his 86th birthday.

Lisa Lu

Lisa Lu Yan (; born July 8, 1927) is a Chinese-born American actress and singer. She won the Golden Horse Awards three times in the 1970s. She was born in Beijing and raised in California. Lu is known for her roles in "The Mountain Road", "Demon Seed", Peter Bogdanovich's "Saint Jack", "The Last Emperor", "The Joy Luck Club" and "Crazy Rich Asians".

Bruce Laingen

Lowell Bruce Laingen (August 6, 1922 – July 15, 2019) was an American diplomat. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Malta from 1977 to 1979. He worked under the Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter presidencies. He was a World War II veteran. Laingen was best known for having been the most senior American official held hostage during the Iran hostage crisis. 

He was the chargé d'affaires (head of diplomatic mission) at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran at the time of the crisis. He was born in Butterfield, Minnesota.

Laingen died on July 15, 2019 at a hospital in Bethesda, Maryland of problems caused from Parkinson's disease, aged 96.

Butterfield, Minnesota

Butterfield is a city in Watonwan County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 601 at the 2020 census.

John Tanton

John H. Tanton (February 23, 1934 – July 16, 2019) was an American ophthalmologist, white nationalist and anti-immigration activist. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. 

Tanton was the founder and first chairman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), an anti-immigration organization. He was the co-founder of the Center for Immigration Studies, an anti-immigration think tank; and NumbersUSA, an anti-immigration lobbying group. 

He was chairman of U.S. English and ProEnglish. He was the founder of The Social Contract Press. He founded the pro-eugenics organization Society for Genetic Education.

Tanton died in Petoskey, Michigan on July 16, 2019 from Parkinson's disease at the age of 85.

Petoskey, Michigan

Petoskey is a city and coastal resort community in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was about 5,877 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Emmet County.

Ernie Broglio

Ernest Gilbert Broglio (; August 27, 1935 – July 16, 2019) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball from 1959 to 1966. He was born in Berkeley, California. Broglio was best known as the "other player" in the controversial trade that sent future Baseball Hall of Fame outfielder Lou Brock from the Cubs to the Cardinals in June 1964.

Broglio died on July 16, 2019 from cancer in San Jose, California at the age of 83.

Howard Engel

Howard Engel CM (April 2, 1931 – July 17, 2019) was a Canadian mystery writer and CBC producer. He was well known for his novel series of Benny Cooperman detective novels. Engel was a founder of Crime Writers of Canada. He was born in St. Catharines, Ontario.

Engel died of pneumonia on July 17, 2019 in Toronto at the age of 88.

Pumpsie Green

Elijah Jerry "Pumpsie" Green (October 27, 1933 – July 17, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) infielder. He played with the Boston Red Sox from 1959 to 1962) and for the New York Mets in 1963. He was a switch-hitter who threw right-handed. He was listed as tall and . Green was born in Boley, Oklahoma.

Green died at a hospital in San Leandro, California on July 17, 2019 at the age of 85.

Boley, Oklahoma

Boley is a town in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,091 at the 2020 census. Boley was made a town in 1903 as a Black pioneer town with a few Native Americans among its citizens.

Ian Chappell

Ian Michael Chappell (born 26 September 1943) is a retired Australian cricketer and commentator. He played for South Australia and Australia. He captained Australia between 1971 and 1975. He was born in Unley, South Australia.

Chappell was known as "Chappelli". He is thought to be one of the greatest captains of cricket. 

He retired in 1980. He became a cricket commentator, working for Channel Nine. Chappell was added into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1986, the FICA Cricket Hall of Fame in 2000 and the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame in 2003. In July 2009, Chappell was added into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.

In July 2019, Chappell announced that he had skin cancer.

Wesley Pruden

James Wesley Pruden Jr., known as Wesley Pruden (December 18, 1935 – July 17, 2019) was an American journalist and author. He was the editor-in-chief of "The Washington Times" from 1992 until his retirement in 2008.

Husaini Abdullahi

Vice-Admiral Husaini Abdullahi (3 March 1939 – 9 July 2019) was a Nigerian military admiral and politician. He was the military governor of Bendel State, Nigeria from March 1976 to July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.

Abdullahi died on 9 July 2019 at the age of 80.

Nikola Hajdin

Nikola Hajdin (Serbian Cyrillic Никола Хајдин); 4 April 1923 – 17 July 2019) was a Serbian construction engineer and professor. He was the president of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts from 2003 to 2015 as a member of the Department of Technical Sciences. He was born in Vrbovsko, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.

Hajdin died on 17 July 2019 in Belgrade at the age of 96.

Charles Ceccaldi-Raynaud

Charles Ceccaldi-Raynaud (25 June 1925 – 18 July 2019) was a French lawyer and politician. A member of The Republicans, he was a member of the National Assembly from 1993 to 1995, and the Senate from 1995 to 2004, representing Hauts-de-Seine. He was Mayor of Puteaux from 1969 to 2004.

He was the author of a book about the Algerian War. He was born in Bastia, France. Ceccaldi-Raynaud died on 18 July 2019 at the age of 94.

Algerian War

The Algerian War, also known as the Algerian War of Independence or the Algerian Revolution ( '; '; or "") was fought between France and the Algerian National Liberation Front (. FLN) from 1954 to 1962.

The war led to Algeria gaining its independence from France. It was known for its use of guerrilla warfare and for the massive use of torture on both sides. The war took place mainly in Algeria.

It brought France to the verge of military "coup d'état;" which caused the fall of the Fourth Republic (1946-58), and transformed the French constitution.

Until the early nineteenth century, Algeria or the Regency of Algeris was part of the Ottoman Empire. The area was governed by local governors called dey. The population was made up largely of Arabs and Berbers, but there were other tribal communities spread throughout the provinces and the Sahara. After the French Revolution and the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, the French Republic had bought 8 million francs worth of grain from the Algerians. That was to be refunded later, which did not happen.

In 1827, the dey invited a French ambassador to pay some of the debt. The encounter resulted into a conflict in which the Algerian dey hit the French consul in the face with a fly-whisk. The French were furious and decided to blockade the Algerian city of Algiers. However, historians agree that the fly-whisk incident, as serious as it was, was only a pretext.

The initial French conquest of Algeria was relatively easy. French troops left Toulon on May 25 1830, landed in Algeria on June 14, and by July 5, Algiers had capitulated. The French troops slaughtered civilians, looted, and destroyed mosques and cemeteries. In 1834, the dey was overthrown, and Algeria became a colony of France. In 1848, France added the region to its own empire and divided it into three departments: Alger, Oran and Constantine. The French thought that they would conquer the rest of the country in a matter of time, but they faced a strong resistance from Algerians that could not be put down until 1857 with the bloody Campaign of Kabylie and the Battle of Icheridden. Moreover, French became the official language.

Many French people and other Europeans migrated to Algeria. Known as "pieds-noirs" (literally "black feet"), they were Algerian-born French and often often cruel against indigenous populations. They killed and expelled many local inhabitants. According to the American historian Jennifer Sessions, the local population shrank from more than 4 million to 2.3 million during the first 25years of French colonisation (1830-1855).

The first expressions of Algerian nationalism started with the revolt of an Algerian chief, Emir Abdelkader, against French colonial rule in the 1830s. It was only a stubborn and unsuccessful opposition, Abdelkader's defence of his country can be seen as the first step to an eventual nationalist identity. It was, however, by no means the end of the resistance to the French presence in Algeria since outbreaks of armed rebellion continued throughout the 19th century. The Kabyles in the mountains east of Algiers, for example, fought in the Battle of Icheridden in 1857 and rose again in 1871, when France had lost a war against Prussia. Anti-French revolts came up in the southern towns of Touggourt and Ouargla about the same time.

In the early 20th century, Algerians again sought for equality of rights and the removal of special administrative powers over Muslims. Algerian nationalism arose out of the efforts of four different groups.


The National Liberation Front ("Front de libération nationale"; FLN), founded in 1954, succeeded Hadj's Algerian People's Party (PPA). It soon established a military wing, the National Liberation Army ("Armée de libération nationale"; ALN), and called on all Algerians to rise and fight for their freedom. By 1957, the ALN reached 40,000 well-disciplined men, some from the country and others stationed in Morocco and Tunisia. The revolution had begun.

On May 8 1945, shortly after the end of the World War II, Algerian civilians organised a demonstration in which they demanded independence. The demonstrations turned into a bloodbath. The protesters killed more than 100 European settlers. The French army killed at least 6,000 and 50,000 Algerian civilians (estimates vary widely). John P. Entelis estimated the number of Algerians civilians killed by the suppression of the riots as 15,000.

French colonialism had a devastating effect on lives of Algerians. By World War I, the number of settlers from France and other European countries, mostly from Italy, Spain, and Malta, reached 800,000 in a native population of 4.5-5 million. About half of the European settlers were working-class wageearners. Their standard of living was in general lower than that of their equivalents in Metropolitan France but much higher than that of Algerians. French settlers took possession of 6 millions acres, which represented 40% of all agricultural and 98% of the country's most productive land. The Europeans also controlled almost all the country's infrastructure, industry, and commerce and dominated its government and the judicial and educational systems. In sum, the French government created a feudal system in which a few thousand Europeans ruled over millions of Algerians.

Only the European settlers and a tiny minority of privileged Algerians enjoyed full French citizenship; most Algerians were French subjects but not French citizens and had little voice on how their country was run. The "Code de L'Indigénat" (Native status code), which was established at the end of the conquest in 1881 and in effect until 1944, forced Algerians to pay special taxes. The harm done to Algerians was not only economic but also educational and cultural. The government took over religious institutions, distributed them a budget and appointed the imams. Moreover, the French destroyed the Algerian educational system; before the French conquest, the literacy rate in Algeria was higher than in France, but by 1954 only 25% of Algerian children attended school.

On November 1 1954, the FLN started the struggle for national independence in Algeria and declared war on France. Algerian armed troops revolted in several places and were supported by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser (1918-1970), who promoted Arab nationalism and decolonisation throughout Africa.

In the beginning, it was mainly a guerrilla war in which Algerian "maquisards" (guerrillas) attacked French settlers. The FLN called on Muslims in Algeria to unite and join in a national struggle for the "restoration of the Algerian state, sovereign, democratic, and social, of the principles of Islam" since it considered that independence was not enough. French Interior Minister François Mitterrand, responded that "the only possible negotiation is war'". Initially, the higher-ranking French military was targeted, but in August 1955, the FLN targeted the civilian population as well. That began with the slaughter of 123 French-Algerian civilians, the murders of women and children, and the mutilation of corpses in Philippeville by the FLN on August 20 1955 and the death of some 50 Muslims. The FLN was also engaged in civil wars with the Algerian National Movement ("Mouvement national algérien; MNA"), founded by Messali Hadj. The MNA had a similar policy of violent revolution and total independence, but the FLN largely wiped out the MNA in Algeria. The MNA's remaining support was among Algerians within France. Their fighting during the war also took place in France itself and is called the "café wars" in which supporters of the FLN and the MNA supporters one another in French cafés and restaurants; 5,000 people were killed. French troops took revenge after the Battle of Philippeville and killed 1,270 (accodring to France) to 12,000 (according to Algeria) local Algerian Muslims. Moreover, after the attack, the French increased their troops to 250,000.

Moreover, as soon as Tunisia and Morocco became independent from France in March 1956, both countries supported Algerian rebels in their fight against the French so that Algeria could become independent as well. They issued passports to FLN representatives to enable them to travel abroad and to make necessary arrangements for the purchase of arms. Egypt and the other Arab states of the Middle East also supported the Algerian rebels. One of the purposes for the formation of the League of Arab States in 1945 had been to allow independent Arab countries to help other Arab peoples achieve independence.

Meanwhile, as a way to draw attention to its struggle, the FLN began to target urban areas and larger cities. On September 30 1956, the Battle of Algiers had begun by three women allied with the FLN simultaneously placing bombs in public places in Algiers, including an Air France terminus and a popular bar for "pieds-noirs". Both sides fought against each other: Algerian nationalists bombed and waged guerrilla warfare, and in turn,the French repeatedly tortured and murdered Algerian prisoners.

From 1957 to 1960, the French tried to deal with the guerrillas by attacking villages and by bombing or burning them if suspected guerrillas were suspected to be present. Over 800 villages, especially in the mountains, were completely destroyed. The inhabitants were moved from their villages and regrouped in camps on flat areas, where it was difficult to rebuild their previous economic and social systems. The "regroupement" program was a French strategy to fight against the guerrillas of the FLN. It led to the displacement of more than 2,5 million Algerians and to the weakening of peasant communities and populations already weakened in the colonial context.

The so-called "harkis", from the Algerian-Arabic dialect word "harki" (soldier), were indigenous Muslim Algerians who fought alongside the French during the colonial period. The term also came to include civilian indigenous Algerians who supported a French Algeria, such as Spahis, Tirailleurs, and Moghaznis. According to French archives, there were around 200,000 Algerian Muslims who fought alongside the French Army during the Algerian War and, by extension, their families. The French recruited and trained "harkis" by using guerrilla tactics similar to those of the FLN. They were an ideal instrument of counterinsurgency warfare for the French.

An important turning point in the war, was the election of Charles de Gaulle as president of the Fifth Republic in 1958. De Gaulle wanted to end the war through negotiations. From May 1961, the first negotiations between the French Army and the FLN started in Évian. Initially, they went smoothly. In the Évian Accords of 18 March 1962, the negotiating parties (France, the Algerian Republic and the FLN) reached agreement on a ceasefire, the release of prisoners, and the recognition of Algeria's sovereignty and independence.

However, that did not mean that the war was immediately over. From March to June 1962, French "pieds-noirs" of the Secret Armed Organisation ("Organisation armée secrète"; OAS) carried out numerous terrorist attacks, both in Algeria and metropolitan France. The OAS terrorists bombed and blew up schools, burned libraries, set fire to oil wells and pipelines, and killed. Finally, in June , the FLN and the OAS concluded a ceasefire. In April , a referendum was held in France in which more than 90 percent voted for Algeria's independence. Finally, increasing pressure from the United Nations made France, led by de Gaulle, declare Algerian independence on 3 July 1962. On July 5, Algeria became independent.

Immediately after Algerian independence, a massive outflow started. About 650,000 people left Algeria, most of them withdrawing to France. Over the time span of four months, the total refugee population equalled five years of former migration waves during French colonisation. The sudden migration occurred during the period between the Évian Agreements and the first months following Algeria’s independence.

The migration was understandable because after the war, the FLN took revenge on former opponents and collaborators. The "harkis" were particularly hard hit. The peace agreements did not save them from the wrath of their countrymen, who considered them nothing but traitors. Out of the quarter of a million who had worked for the French less than 15,000 succeeded to escape from Algeria. Estimates on the numbers of Algerians killed vary between 30,000 and 150,000.


Luciano De Crescenzo

Luciano De Crescenzo (; 20 August 1928 – 18 July 2019) was an Italian writer, actor, director and engineer. He was mainly known as an author and screenwriter. His best known screenplay was for the 1980 comedy "Il pap'occhio".

De Crescenzo was hospitalized in Rome for pneumonia in July 2019. He died several days later on 18 July 2019 from the disease at the age of 90.



Yao Lee

Yao Lee (), also credited as Yao Li, Yiu Lei and Hue Lee (19 July 1922 – 19 July 2019) was a Chinese singer. She was born in Shanghai. Yao was active from the 1930s to the 1970s. She was the sister of Yao Min. She was thought to be one of the Seven great singing stars of Shanghai in the 1940s. Her best known song was "Rose, Rose, I Love You" (1940).

Yao died on 19 July 2019 in Hong Kong at the age of 96.

Bob Beckwith

Bob Beckwith (21 September 1933 – February 2024) was an American firefighter. He is a former member of the New York City Fire Department.

Beckwith became well known to the United States' after he stood next to President George W. Bush as the president gave a speech at the ruins of the World Trade Center after the attacks of September 11, 2001.

Photos of Beckwith and the president appeared on the front page of the "New York Daily News" and the cover of "Time" magazine.

Beckwith has met several times with President Bush since then, spoken many times in public, and acted as a fundraiser for charities.


Danding Cojuangco

Eduardo "Danding" Murphy Cojuangco Jr. (10 June 1935 – 16 June 2020) was a Filipino businessman and politician. He was the chairman of San Miguel Corporation. It is the largest food and beverage corporation in the Philippines and Southeast Asia. He was the Governor of Tarlac from 1967 to 1969 and member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1969 to 1972.

In 2016, his personal wealth was around US$1.1 billion. He was born in Paniqui, Tarlac. He founded the Nationalist People's Coalition in 1992. He ran for President of the Philippines in 1992, but came in third place losing to Fidel V. Ramos.

Cojuangco Jr. died in Manila on 16 June 2020 from heart failure and pneumonia caused by cancer, aged 85.

Peping Cojuangco

José Sumulong Cojuangco Jr. (born José Cojuangco y Sumulong on September 19, 1934), more popularly known as Peping Cojuangco, is a Filipino politician. He was a Philippine Congressman and the 9th president of the Philippine Olympic Committee from 2004 to 2018.

He is the younger brother Corazon Aquino and uncle of Benigno Aquino III, both were Philippine presidents.

Marly Sarney

Marly de Pádua Macieira Sarney (born December 4, 1932) is a Brazilian socialite and philanthropist. She is the wife of the former President José Sarney. She was First Lady of Brazil during the presidency of her husband, between 1985 and 1990.

Sarney married José Sarney on July 12, 1952. She was born in São Luís, Brazil.

Anacrusis

In music and poetry, an anacrusis (plural "anacruses") is a very short introduction. The word comes from the (anákrousis), which means literally, "pushing up". It is a set of notes or syllables, perhaps just a single one. It comes before the first beat of a musical phrase, or a line of poetry. It is not part of any musical phrase, or line of poetry which might have come before it. The word is sometimes used in publishing. It is very short, and not the literary or musical introduction, foreword, or with a preface). In music it is often called a "pick up" note.

Steve Smith

Steve Smith may refer to:

Pramod Kharel

Pramod Kharel (; born 6 November 1979) is a Nepalese singer. He is also judge of The Voice Of Nepal.



Pontotoc County, Mississippi

Pontotoc County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 31,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Pontotoc.


Amite County, Mississippi

Amite County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi on the southern border with Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, 12,720 people lived there. Its county seat is Liberty. The county is named after the Amite River which runs through the county. It was founded in 1809.

Fort Stockton, Texas

Fort Stockton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Pecos County.

Giddings, Texas

Giddings is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Lee County.

Kerrville, Texas

Kerrville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Kerr County.

Adams County, Mississippi

Adams County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 29,538 people lived there. The county seat is Natchez. The county was created on April 2, 1799. It is named for John Adams, the second President of the United States.

Alcorn County, Mississippi

Alcorn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 34,740 people lived there. Its county seat is Corinth. The county was founded in 1870. It is named in honor of Governor James L. Alcorn.

Springerville, Arizona

Springerville is a town of Apache County in the state of Arizona in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,717 people lived there.


Leavenworth County, Kansas

Leavenworth County (county code LV) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 81,881 people lived there. Its county seat is Leavenworth. Leavenworth is also the biggest city in Leavenworth County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas.

The county is a part of the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Crowding out (economics)

In economics, crowding out happens when the government starts buying or selling more stuff in the market. This affects other people and businesses--usually in a bad way.

For example, if the government buys more stuff, it may have to borrow more. By borrowing more there will be a higher interest rate (see supply and demand). This will make it harder for other companies and people to borrow. The government is said to "crowd out" the market.

Butler County, Kansas

Butler County (county code BU) is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 67,380 people lived there. Its county seat is El Dorado. El Dorado is also the biggest city in Butler County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water. It is the biggest county by size in Kansas.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Butler County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Jefferson County, Kansas

Jefferson County (county code JF) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 18,368 people lived there. Its county seat is Oskaloosa. Its biggest city is Valley Falls.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.3%) is water.

Jefferson County is included in the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.




Slack (software)

Slack is an online messaging app with fancier features. Stewart Butterfield helped create it. It was originally for a video game. But then they just made it a simple messaging app and dropped the video game idea. "Slack" stands for "Searchable Log of All Conversation and Knowledge."


Peter Thiel

Peter Andreas Thiel (teel; born October 11, 1967) is an American entrepreneur. He helped create PayPal, Palantir Technologies and Founders Fund. In 2018, he supposedly had $2.5 billion.

Thiel was born in Frankfurt. As a baby, he moved with his family to the United States. He spent some time in Southern Africa. He studied philosophy at Stanford University, graduating with a B.A. in 1989. He then went on to the Stanford Law School and received his J.D. in 1992. He worked as a lawyer, speechwriter, and trader. He founded Thiel Capital in 1996. He co-founded PayPal in 1999. He was chief executive officer until he sold the company to eBay in 2002 for $1.5 billion.

He founded Clarium Capital, a global macro hedge fund. He launched Palantir Technologies, a big data analysis company, in 2004 and continues to serve as its chairman as of 2018. He helped create Founders Fund, a venture capital firm. 

Thiel became Facebook's first outside investor by buying 10.2% for $500,000 in August 2004. He sold the majority of his shares in Facebook for over $1 billion in 2012, but remains on the board of directors. He also co-founded Valar Ventures in 2010, co-founded Mithril Capital.

Jackson County, Kansas

Jackson County (county code JA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 13,232 people lived there. Its county seat is Holton. Holton is also the biggest city in Jackson County. The county was first named Calhoun County. This was named after pro-slavery South Carolina Senator John C. Calhoun. The county was renamed in 1859 for President Andrew Jackson. The Prairie Band Potawatomi Indian Reservation is in the county, and it makes up about 18.5% of the county's area.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.

Jackson County is included in the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Jackson County has supported the Republican Party candidate in every presidential election from 1936 onward. Democratic Party candidates for president have only won the county twice since 1888, in 1912 & 1932.




Crawford County, Kansas

Crawford County (county code CR) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020 census, 38,972 people lived there. Its county seat is Girard. Its biggest city is Pittsburg. The county was named after Samuel J. Crawford, Governor of Kansas.

It is in the Osage Cuestas and Cherokee Lowlands. It is halfway between Kansas City, Missouri and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Pittsburg State University is located in Crawford County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

The Pittsburg Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Crawford County.



Neomercantilism

Neomercantilism is a government policy that supports more exports, less imports, and more control over investment (capital movement). Also, the government has the power to make decisions involving money (currency). The goal is to increase foreign reserves, which gives the government more power over money.

The idea comes from Keynesian economics. According to UNESCO, mercantilism is the belief that the state's wealth must be protected by the government. This makes the state's money a nationalistic concern.

Middle income trap

In economics the middle income trap happens when a country's GDP is stuck at some level and cannot increase.

The World Bank says that South Africa and Brazil have fell into the trap.

Economists think this happens because as a country sells more and gets richer, it pays higher wages. This increases the cost of selling stuff. So the countries lose their competitive advantage and get stuck, unable to sell more and get richer.

The World Bank says a country is in the 'middle-income range' if its gross national product per person stays between $1,000 to $12,000 (in 2011 prices).

To avoid the trap, a country could find better ways to make goods and reduce the cost of making them. They could also find new people or countries to sell their goods to. An increasing middle class could also use their money to buy fancy stuff that helps further promote growth: this includes better education, better technology and infrastructure, studying science and technology to create more innovations.

Cowley County, Kansas

Cowley County (county code CL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,549 people lived there. Its county seat is Winfield. Its biggest city is Arkansas City.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Cowley County comprises the Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Wichita-Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Combined Statistical Area.






Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area

The Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area is an area that has five counties in south central Kansas. Its main place is the city of Wichita. In 2013, the area had 637,989 people living there. It is the biggest metropolitan area in the state of Kansas.


Populations are from the 2010 census.






Finney County, Kansas

Finney County (county code FI) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 38,470 people lived there. Its county seat is Garden City. Its biggest city is also Garden City.

Finney County was created around 1880. It was called Buffalo County and Sequoyah County. They were named after Sequoyah, the Cherokee Indian responsible for the creation of the Cherokee alphabet. The two counties were renamed Finney County. It was named after Lieutenant Governor David Wesley Finney.

Charles "Buffalo" Jones was the first member of the Kansas House of Representatives from Finney County. He tried to stop the buffalo from extinction.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water. It is the second-largest county in Kansas by area.

Finney County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 38,470 people living in Finney County. They made up 13,064 households. Of the people in the county, 51.7% were Hispanic or Latino, 37.7% were non-Hispanic White, 3.9% were non-Hispanic Asian, 3.5% were non-Hispanic Black, and 3.1% were other races or ethnicities.

Finney County has often supported Republican presidential candidates. The last time it supported a Democrat was in 1976. This was when Jimmy Carter won the county by only 102 votes.





Zion

Zion is one of the seventy names of Jerusalem, and in the Bible is the second name for Jerusalem after the name "Jerusalem". The name "Zion" originally revolves around a certain area in the city. It is customary to delineate the site in the eastern and southern part of Jerusalem during the Second Temple period, including the City of David, the Ophel and Mount Moriah.

Levite

A Levite or Levi (Hebrew language: לֵוִי) is a Jewish male descended from the Tribe of Levi on the father's side. 

The Levites of the Book of Leviticus were priests. In that book and the Book of Numbers they help Moses make prayers to God in the tabernacle (a holy tent).

Promised Land

The Promised Land (, translit.: "ha'aretz hamuvtakhat"; , translit.: "ard al-mi'ad; also known as "The Land of Milk and Honey"") is very important in the Hebrew Bible. It is the land that God promised to Abraham and his descendants. Nowadays, it refers to the restored homeland for the Jewish people, a path to salvation and liberation, or both.


Greater Israel

Greater Israel (; "Eretz Yisrael Hashlema") refers to the historic or desired borders of Israel. It is a form of irredentism.
It usually refers to the State of Israel together with the Palestinian territories. It is used in the Bible, sometimes called the Land of Israel. See , , , or .

Beitar Illit

Beitar Illit (; officially Betar Illit; "Illit" is pronounced "ee-leet"; ) is an Israeli settlement organized as a city council, south of Jerusalem, in the Judaean Mountains of the West Bank. Beitar Illit, part of the Gush Etzion "settlement bloc", is one of Israel's largest and most rapidly growing settlements, and in had a population of .

Fiery flying serpent

The fiery flying serpent is a snake creature mentioned in the Hebrew Bible (Book of Isaiah, the Book of Numbers, etc.). In biology it is the "Echis coloratus" (saw-scale viper).

"Fiery flying serpent" is an English translation of the Hebrew words , "shārāp" (a "fiery serpent") "me‘ōpêp" ("flying").

Nehushtan

The Nehushtan (Hebrew: "Nəḥuštān" [nə.ħuʃ.taːn]) is the bronze serpent on a pole first described in the Book of Numbers. God told Moses to make it. This was to cure the Israelites. Those who saw the nehushtan would be cured from the deathly bites of the "fiery serpents". God initially sent the fiery serpents to punish them for speaking against Him and Moses (). 

In the biblical Books of Kings (; written c. 550 BCE), King Hezekiah leads an iconoclastic reform. This requires the destruction of "the brazen serpent that Moses had made; for unto those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it; and it was called Nehushtan". The term means "a brazen thing, a mere piece of brass".

McPherson County, Kansas

McPherson County (standard abbreviation: MP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 30,223 people lived there. The biggest city is McPherson. It is also the county seat. The county is named after Civil War General James B. McPherson.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.3%) is water.


The McPherson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of McPherson County.

McPherson county is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.






Wendelin Werner

Wendelin Werner (born 23 September 1968) is a German-born French mathematician. He works on random processes such as self-avoiding random walks, Brownian motion, Schramm–Loewner evolution, and probability theory and mathematical physics. In 2006, he won the Fields Medal "for his contributions to the development of stochastic Loewner evolution, the geometry of two-dimensional Brownian motion, and conformal field theory". He is professor at ETH Zürich.

Harvey County, Kansas

Harvey County (county code HV) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,024 people lived there. Its county seat is Newton. Newton is also the biggest city in Harvey County.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Emporia to Newton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The Little Arkansas River goes through the county.

Harvey County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.






Greeley County, Kansas

Greeley County (county code GL) is a county in western Kansas. It is in the Central United States. In 2020, 1,284 people lived there. It is the county with the fewest number of people living in it in Kansas. Its county seat is Tribune. Tribune is also the biggest city in the county. The county is named after Horace Greeley of Chappaqua, New York, editor of the "New York Tribune". Greeley helped western settlement with the motto "Go West, young man".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . All of it is land.

Since January 1, 2009, Greeley County and Tribune have been a unified government.

This county is often chooses Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate won the county was in 1976. A Democratic candidate has only won the county three times in its history: 1932 (Franklin D. Roosevelt), 1964 (Lyndon B. Johnson), and most recently in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Allen County, Kansas

Allen County (county code AL) is a county located in southeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 12,526 people lived there. Its county seat is Iola. Iola is also the biggest city in Allen County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water. Allen County is located in the southeastern part of Kansas.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 12,526 people living in Allen County.





Barton County, Kansas

Barton County (standard abbreviation: BT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,493 people lived there. Its county seat is Great Bend. Great Bend is also the biggest city in Barton County. The county is named after Clara Barton. She was responsible for creating the American Red Cross.

In 1867, Barton County was created. It was named after Clara Barton. It is the only Kansas county named after a woman.

Barton County was drawn in the shape of a square. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water. The geographic center of Kansas is in Barton County.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

The Great Bend Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Barton County.

Prior to 1940, Barton County was a Democratic-leaning swing county in presidential elections, being a national bellwether from 1912 to 1936. From 1940 on, it has become a Republican Party stronghold, with the solitary Democratic Party presidential candidate to carry it since then being Lyndon B. Johnson in his national landslide of 1964.

The five school districts are part of the special education area of Barton County called Barton County Special Services.





Franklin County, Kansas

Franklin County (county code FR) is a county in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,996 people lived there. Its county seat is Ottawa. Ottawa is also the biggest city in Franklin County. The county is mostly rural. It was Kansas City metropolitan area, but it no longer is since 2013.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.


Franklin County is in the Ottawa, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It was included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Franklin County is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried Franklin County was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.





Dickinson County, Kansas

Dickinson County (county code DK) is a county in Central Kansas. In 2020, 18,402 people lived there. Its county seat is Abilene. Abilene is also the biggest city in Dickinson County. The county was named after Daniel S. Dickinson.

In 1857, Dickinson County was created.

The first railroad in Dickinson County was built through it in 1866.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka to Herington. This main line connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built through Dickinson County. There was a lot of controversy about tax exemption and environmental concerns.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.


Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. He moved to Abilene when he was 2 years old. Prior to that he was a five-star general in the United States Army. He was Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe World War II. He planned the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45. The Eisenhower Library is in Abilene.

Joe Engle is a retired U.S. Air Force colonel and a former NASA astronaut.




Chief Ahan

Chief Ahan was a First Nations leader who was executed in 1865. He was exonerated by Justin Trudeau, the Prime Minister of Canada, in 2018.

Józefa Joteyko

Józefa Franciszka Joteyko (29 January 1866 – 24 April 1928) was a Polish medical doctor, physiologist, psychologist, pedagogist, and co-organizer of special education in Warsaw. She was born on January, 29, 1866, in Poczujki and died on April, 24, 1928, in Warsaw.

Industrial society

In an industrial society, people use technology to produce a lot of things (mass production). This leads to a large population with an organized division of labour. This happened to the Western world during the Industrial Revolution. This replaced farming or agrarian societies of the pre-modern age.

The US and many European nations are examples of industrial societies. China and India are also somewhat industrial but large parts of their populations still farm.

CBRE

CBRE can refer to:


Savills

Savills plc is a global real estate services provider listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

The business was established by Alfred Savill (1829 - 1905) in 1855 in London. By the time of Alfred Savill's death in 1905 his sons Alfred, Edwin and Norman were established in partnership. In the 1920s the firm moved to Lincoln's Inn Fields. During the Second World War Norman Savill went to Wimborne in Dorset, taking vital records with him. The remaining partners stayed at Lincoln’s Inn Field. By the 1970s, the firm was re-branded as Savills. The firm was incorporated as a limited company in 1987 and was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1988.

In 1997 Savills merged with "First Pacific Davies" () in Asia. In 1998 it bought majority stakes in the German, French and Spanish arms of "Weatherall, Green & Smith". In June 2015 it completed the acquisition of Smiths Gore, provider of rural and residential property services in the UK. In June 2016, Savills plc announced its proprietary investment subsidiary, Grosvenor Hill Ventures, had acquired a minority stake in YOPA Property Ltd, a UK-based online hybrid estate agent.

Savills announced in August 2016 that it had acquired GBR Phoenix Beard, a Midlands-based commercial property consultancy, strengthening its UK real estate services. Expansion continued in July 2017, with the acquisition of Larry Smith Italia, a leading commercial management and leasing business in Italy. The company's European operations grew further in December 2017 when Savills acquired Aguirre Newman S.A., the leading independent Spanish and Portuguese real estate advisory; the newly combined business was rebranded as Savills Aguirre Newman in January 2018.

The company provides consulting services and advice (such as valuation, building consultancy, project management, environmental consultancy, landlord and tenant, planning, strategic projects and research) in connection with commercial, residential and agricultural properties, property-related financial services and investment management, which includes investment management for institutional or professional investors. Savills operates from over 600 owned and associate offices, employing more than 35,000 people in over 60 countries throughout the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa and the Middle East.

In 2016 Australia rose to second place after Japan for cross border capital inflow in the Asia Pacific region, largely due to an increase in China's investment in Sydney's CBD, up 44 per cent from $4.5 billion the year before to $6.46 billion. In May 2013 Savills set the record for the highest price for a development site in Brisbane with the sale of the Supreme Court site at 300 George Street for $63M to the Taiwanese developer Shayher Group, to become a mixed-use precinct including a five-star hotel. Shayher Group was required to build a 65,000sqm residential, serviced apartment tower and a 45,000sqm commercial office tower.

In May 2014, Savills announced it has established a presence in Jakarta, Indonesia, working in partnership with local experts, Property Connection Indonesia. In 2015 Savills established an Office Services and Occupier Representation capability, expanding its Jakarta based business, when staff joined Savills Indonesia from property consultancy JLL.

In June 2014, Savills announced it had acquired 100% of Studley, Inc. a leading US independent commercial real estate services firm specialising in tenant representation with twenty five offices across the United States. Within the US, the new business was branded as Savills Studley. Studley was acquired in a $260 million deal including cash, Savills stock and promissory notes. Studley was founded in 1954 by Julien Studley, and in 2002 was bought by its 139 partners. The Savills deal brought more than 400 brokers and 175 support workers from Studley to the new firm.

In February 2015, Savills announced it had acquired a substantial shareholding in a Malaysian real estate business, previously trading as CBRE in Malaysia. The business has close to 300 staff, and offices in Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Johor. Savills Malaysia managing director is Allan Soo.

In June 2018, Savills announced it had acquired Cluttons Middle East business. Providing Agency, Management and Consultancy advice in both the Commercial and Residential sectors, the business employs 190 staff in offices across the UAE, Bahrain, Egypt, Oman and Saudi Arabia. The acquisition, which was completed on 31 May 2018, saw Savills take full ownership of Cluttons Middle East, which had been established in the region for more than 40 years. Cluttons Middle East is due to be re-branded as Savills during 2018.

Savills Vietnam is the largest and most experienced real estate practice in Vietnam, with offices in Hanoi, Danang and Ho Chi Minh City. In addition to residential real estate and investment brokerage, Savills Vietnam is also active in the hotel and leisure sector. In addition to providing advisory and industrial services, Savills Vietnam is also active in property management. 

Surpassing other leading property professionals including CBRE and JLL, Savills Vietnam was recognized as Vietnam’s Best Property Consultancy and Best Real Estate Agency at the prestigious Asia Pacific Property Awards. The official announcement was made at the iPAX Asia Pacific Awards Ceremony on the third and fourth of May, 2018 in Thailand. These awards mark Savills Vietnam success for the 8th consecutive and last year with the programme.



Hurricane Barry (2019)

Hurricane Barry was the fourth recorded storm to make landfall at hurricane strength on the state of Louisiana in the month of July, the others being Bob in 1979, Danny in 1997, and Cindy in 2005. The second named storm and first hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Barry originated as a mesoscale convective vortex over the Midwestern United States on July 4. The system emerged into the Gulf of Mexico on July 10 and was classified as a potential tropical cyclone later that day. The system developed into a tropical storm on the next day, becoming the second named storm of the season. On July 13, Barry attained maximum 1-minute sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h), with a minimum central pressure of 991 millibars (29.3 inHg), becoming the first hurricane of the season. Later that day, Barry made landfall on Marsh Island and Intracoastal City, Louisiana both times as a Category 1 hurricane, subsequently weakening to tropical storm status. Late on July 15, Barry degenerated into a remnant low over northern Arkansas, before dissipating on July 19.

The storm originated from a low pressure area inside the Midwestern USA. It tracked south, and became a broad area of low pressure which the National Hurricane Center assessed a high chance that the low could become a tropical cyclone.

A day later, on July 10, the broad low-pressure system emerged from the Florida Panhandle into Apalachee Bay in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico, attended by widespread showers and thunderstorms; concurrently, the NHC forecasted a high likelihood of tropical cyclone development within two days, noting a favorable environment and widespread convection, or thunderstorms, associated with the low.

By the morning of July 13, the thunderstorms moved closer to the center of circulation, as upper-level outflow expanded in all directions. The NHC estimated that Barry attained Category 1 hurricane status by 12:00 UTC that day, concluding that Barry was producing a small area of hurricane-force winds based on observations from the Hurricane Hunters, Doppler radar wind estimates of 75 mph (121 km/h), and recorded sustained winds of 72 mph (116 km/h) at Eugene Island oil field. Simultaneously, the storm reached its peak intensity, with a minimum central pressure of 991 millibars (29.3 inHg). At 18:00 UTC that day, Barry made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane on Intracoastal City, Louisiana, before weakening to tropical storm status. This made Barry the fourth tropical cyclone recorded making landfall as a hurricane on Louisiana in the month of July.

On July 15, the system became a low-pressure area, eventually becoming an extratropical system that brought heavy rain the Southern Ontario.

On Florida, multiple beaches were closed prior to the formation of Barry. However, some swimmers ignored the warnings and a 67 year-old man was reported to be dead. In addition, there were strong winds and thunderstorms from the disturbance that would later become Barry in the Gulf of Mexico.

Tropical Storm Barry dropped locally heavy rainfall along its path, peaking at 23.43 in (595 mm) near Ragley, Louisiana. Waterspouts were reported on Lake Pontchartrain. One tornado struck the Gentilly neighborhood in New Orleans, damaging two homes. A tide station in Amereda Pass recorded a storm surge of nearly 7 ft (2.1 m). On the southern shore of Lake Pontchartrain, storm surge exceeded 3 ft (0.91 m), while its northern shores expected tides 3 to 5 ft (0.91 to 1.52 m) above normal. Flooding also occurred on the banks of the Atchafalaya River in Morgan City, Louisiana. The Lower Dularge East Levee in Terrebonne Parish was overtopped, prompting a mandatory evacuation for nearby areas. On the afternoon of July 12, Louisiana Highway 1 south of Golden Meadow—the only thoroughfare leading out of Grand Isle and Port Fourchon—was closed after seawater began to inundate portions of the road.

As Barry moved ashore the Louisiana coast on July 13, Entergy and Cleco, the two major electricity companies in southern Louisiana, reported the loss of power to over 114,000 customers. Power lines knocked down by fallen trees in the Metairie area cut power to 5,140 electricity customers in the New Orleans metropolitan area. The most widespread power outages occurred where wind speeds were highest in Lafourche Parish and Terrebonne Parish, as well as eastern Baton Rouge; over 39,000 lost power in these areas. All electricity customers in Grand Isle lost power, and a total of 4,300 customers were affected by power outages as Barry's initial rainbands swept across coastal Louisiana.

In Southern Ontario, many highways were blocked and several cars were submerged. Unusually, the storm produced a funnel cloud in Oro-Medonte, Southern Ontario.

In Arkansas, the highest rainfall total of was recorded. A police station was flooded and a highway was closed. Also, 20 people and more than 70 animals were rescued from floodwaters. No one died in the state.

The total damage caused by Barry is about $600 million.


Holland's schema theorem

Holland's schema theorem, also called the fundamental theorem of genetic algorithms, is a theorem regarding genetic algorithms. It says that individuals with a fitness that is higher than average are more likely to prevail. John Holland proposed the theorem in the 1970s. At the start, it was used as the foundation for explanations of the power of genetic algorithms. This interpreation has been criticized in several publications, where the Schema Theorem is shown to be a special case of the Price equation with the schema indicator function as the macroscopic measurement. 

A schema is a template that identifies a subset of strings with similarities at certain string positions. Schemata are a special case of cylinder sets, and hence form a topological space.

Consider binary strings of length 6. The schema codice_1 describes the set of all strings of length 6 with 1's at positions 1, 3 and 6 and a 0 at position 4. The * is a wildcard symbol, which means that positions 2 and 5 can have a value of either 1 or 0. The "order of a schema" formula_1 is defined as the number of fixed positions in the template, while the "defining length" formula_2 is the distance between the first and last specific positions. The order of codice_1 is 4 and its defining length is 5. The "fitness of a schema" is the average fitness of all strings matching the schema. The fitness of a string is a measure of the value of the encoded problem solution, as computed by a problem-specific evaluation function. Using the established methods and genetic operators of genetic algorithms, the schema theorem states that short, low-order schemata with above-average fitness increase exponentially in successive generations. Expressed as an equation:

Here formula_4 is the number of strings belonging to schema formula_5 at generation formula_6, formula_7 is the "observed" average fitness of schema formula_5 and formula_9 is the "observed" average fitness at generation formula_6. The probability of disruption formula_11 is the probability that crossover or mutation will destroy the schema formula_5. It can be expressed as:

where formula_1 is the order of the schema, formula_15 is the length of the code, formula_16 is the probability of mutation and formula_17 is the probability of crossover. So a schema with a shorter defining length formula_2 is less likely to be disrupted.An often misunderstood point is why the Schema Theorem is an "inequality" rather than an equality. The answer is in fact simple: the Theorem neglects the small, yet non-zero, probability that a string belonging to the schema formula_5 will be created "from scratch" by mutation of a single string (or recombination of two strings) that did "not" belong to formula_5 in the previous generation.

The schema theorem holds under the assumption of a genetic algorithm that maintains an infinitely large population, but does not always carry over to (finite) practice: due to sampling error in the initial population, genetic algorithms may converge on schemata that have no selective advantage. This happens in particular in multimodal optimization, where a function can have multiple peaks: the population may drift to prefer one of the peaks, ignoring the others.

The reason that the Schema Theorem cannot explain the power of genetic algorithms is that it holds for all problem instances, and cannot distinguish between problems in which genetic algorithms perform poorly, and problems for which genetic algorithms perform well.


Ashurst

Ashurst may refer to:




Chinese economic reform

The Chinese economic reform () refers to the economic reforms in the People's Republic of China between the 1970s and 1990s. They were led by the Communist Party of China and Deng Xiaoping and started in December 1978. They were also called "Socialism with Chinese characteristics".

Before the eighteenth century, China had one of the world's largest and most advanced economies. Adam Smith agreed. However, Chinese economy began to slow down and even got worse by the 20th century. This was due to things like the First Sino-Japanese War and Second Sino-Japanese War.

Other than that, in 1978 the Chinese economy was on the brink of disaster as a consequence of the decisions of Mao Zedong.

The Communist Party began to fix the economy. It introduced market principles in 1978.

Part 1: In the 70s and 80s, they stopped requiring everybody to farm and stopped sending young people to the countryside. They also opened China to foreign investment, allowing people to start businesses. However, most businesses remained owned by the government.

Part 2: In the 80s and 90s, the PRC allowed much more private control of business (less government control, privatization). They removed price controls, protectionist policies, and regulations. Still state monopolies in banking and petroleum remained.

The private sector grew remarkably, becoming 70% of China's gross domestic product by 2005. From 1978 until 2013, unprecedented growth happened, with the economy increasing by 9.5% each year.

After 2005, Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao controlled the economy more heavily, reversing some reforms. Xi Jinping undid some more reforms by allowing the government greater control in some areas of the economy.

Chinese society changed a lot because of these reforms. They greatly reduced poverty and increased average income. They have also led to China's rise as a world power.

Round-bottom flask

Round-bottom flasks (round-bottomed flasks or RB flasks) are types of flasks having spherical bottoms used as laboratory glassware.

They are used mostly for chemical or biochemical work. Today, they are usually made of heat-resistant borosilicate glass. There is at least one tubular section known as the "neck" with an opening at the tip. Two or three-necked flasks are made. Round bottom flasks come in many sizes.

Roelof Nelissen

Roelof Johannes Nelissen (4 April 1931 – 18 July 2019) was a Dutch politician and businessman. He was a member of the Catholic People's Party (KVP) (now the Christian Democratic Appeal). He was born in Hoofdplaat, Netherlands. Nelissen was the Deputy Prime Minister from 1971 to 1973 and Minister of Finance at the same time during the Barend Biesheuvel ministry. He was the CEO of the AMRO Bank from 1983 to 1991.

Nelissen died on 18 July 2019 in Hilversum, Netherlands at the age of 88.

Jan Terlouw

Jan Cornelis Terlouw (born 15 November 1931) is a Dutch politician, physicist and writer. He is a member of the Democrats 66 (D66) party. Terlouw was born in Kamperveen, Netherlands. He was the Deputy Prime Minister and at the same time the Minister of Economic Affairs from 1981 to 1982 during the Dries van Agt ministry. A children's writer, his best known work is "Winter in Wartime" ("Oorlogswinter", 1972).

Ágnes Heller

Ágnes Heller (12 May 1929 – 19 July 2019) was a Hungarian philosopher and educator. She was a member of the Budapest School philosophical forum in the 1960s. She later taught political theory for 25 years at the New School for Social Research in New York City. She was born in Budapest.

Heller drowned while swimming at Lake Balaton in Balatonalmádi, Hungary on 19 July 2019, aged 90.

Masha Gessen

Masha Gessen (born Maria Alexandrovna Gessen () 13 January 1967) is a Russian-American journalist, author, translator and activist. She is known for being a very vocal critic of the Russian President Vladimir Putin and American President Donald Trump. She was born in Moscow.

Gessen is openly a lesbian. She lives in New York City.

Gessen has written columns for "The New York Times", "The New York Review of Books", "The Washington Post", the "Los Angeles Times", "The New Republic", "New Statesman", "Granta", "Slate", "Vanity Fair", "Harper's Magazine", "The New Yorker", and "U.S. News & World Report". Since 2017, she has been a staff writer for "The New Yorker".

Sheila Dikshit

Sheila Dikshit (née Kapoor; (31 March 1938 – 20 July 2019) was an Indian politician. She was born in Kapurthala, Punjab. Dikshit was a member of the Indian National Congress. She was a member of Lok Sabha (1984–1989), Chief Minister of Delhi (1998–2013) and Governor of Kerala (2014).

Dikshit died at a hospital in New Delhi on 20 July 2019 of cardiac arrest, aged 81.


R. L. Bhatia

Raghunandan Lal Bhatia (3 July 1921 – 14 May 2021) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Kerala from 23 June 2004 to 10 July 2008 and was the Governor of Bihar from 10 July 2008 to 28 June 2009. He was born in Amritsar, Punjab. Bhatia was first elected to the Lok Sabha in 1972. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Bhatia retired in 2009.

Bhatia died from COVID-19 at a hospital in Amritsar on 14 May 2021, less than two months before he turned 100.

Rama Jois

Justice Mandagadde Rama Jois (27 July 1931 – 16 February 2021) was an Indian politician, activist and writer. He was a member of Rajya Sabha for the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was the governor of the Jharkhand and Bihar states. He was Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana High Court in 1992. He was born in Araga, Shivamogga District.

Jois died of cardiac arrest on 16 February 2021 in Bangalore, India at the age of 89.

S. M. Krishna

Somanahalli Mallaiah Krishna (born 1 May 1932) is an Indian politician. He was Minister of External Affairs of India from 2009 to October 2012. He was a member of the Indian Parliament in the Rajya Sabha. Krishna was the 16th Chief Minister of Karnataka from 1999 to 2004 and the 19th Governor of Maharashtra from 2004 to 2008.

S. C. Jamir

Senayangba Chubatoshi Jamir (born 17 October 1931) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Odisha from 2013 to 2018. He was the Chief Minister of Nagaland, Governor of Maharashtra, Governor of Gujarat, Governor of Goa and Governor of Odisha. Jamir is a member of the Indian National Congress. He was born in Ungma, Nagaland.

K. Sankaranarayanan

Kateekal Sankaranarayanan (15 October 1932 – 24 April 2022) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Maharashtra from 2010 to 2014. He also was the Governor of Nagaland and Jharkhand. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was born in Palakkad, India.

Sankaranarayanan died on 24 April 2022 at his home in Palakkad from problems caused by a stroke, aged 89.

R. D. Pradhan

Ram D. Pradhan (27 June 1928 – 31 July 2020) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Administrative Service officer. He was Union Home Secretary and Governor of Arunachal Pradesh during the Rajiv Gandhi government. He was in service of the government of India for 36 years.

Pradhan died on 31 July 2020, aged 92.

Jagannath Pahadia

Jagannath Pahadia (15 January 1932 – 19 May 2021) was an Indian politician. He was known for being the former leader of the Indian National Congress party. He was the Governor of Haryana from 2009 to 2014, Governor of Bihar from 1989 to 1990 and the Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 1980 to 1981. He was born in Rajasthan.

Pahadia died of COVID-19 at a hospital in New Delhi, India on 19 May 2021 at the age of 89.

Axial Age

Axial Age (also Axis Age, from ) is a term invented by German philosopher Karl Jaspers. It refers to ancient history from the 8th and the 3rd century BCE. He says that this time was a turning point in human history.

New ways of thinking appeared in Iran, India, China and the Greco-Roman world. There were new religions and philosophies. This all happened in places across Eurasia, without obvious contact between the people of these areas. 

Attala County, Mississippi

Attala County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,889 people lived there. Its county seat is Kosciusko.

Franklin County, Mississippi

Franklin County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,675 people lived there. Its county seat is Meadville. The county was founded on December 21, 1809 and named for Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.

Jefferson County, Mississippi

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi; its western border is formed by the Mississippi River. As of the 2020 census, 7,260 people lived there. Its county seat is Fayette. The county was founded in 1799. It is named for U.S. President Thomas Jefferson.

Luminous intensity

In photometry, luminous intensity is a measure of the wavelength-weighted power emitted by a light source in a particular direction per solid angle unit, based on the luminosity function, a standardized model of the sensitivity of the human eye. The SI unit of luminous intensity is the candela (cd), an SI base unit.

Benton County, Mississippi

Benton County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,646 people lived there. Its county seat is Ashland.

Bolivar County, Mississippi

Bolivar County is a county located on the western border of the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 30,985 people lived there. Its county seats are Rosedale and Cleveland. The county was founded in 1836. It is named in honor of Simón Bolívar, early 19th-century leader of the liberation of many South American colonies from Spain.

Pontotoc County

Pontotoc County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Barton County

Barton County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Robie Creek, Idaho

Robie Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Smiths Ferry, Idaho

Smiths Ferry is a census-designated place (CDP) in Valley County, Idaho, United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 63 people living there.

Yellow Pine, Idaho

Yellow Pine is an unincorporated census-designated place of Valley County in the state of Idaho in the United States.

Garfield, Washington

Garfield is a city in Whitman County, Washington, United States. The population was 597 at the 2010 census, down from 641 in 2000.

Leakey, Texas

Leakey is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Real County.

Chickasaw County, Mississippi

Chickasaw County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,106 people lived there. Its county seats are Houston and Okolona.

Japonic languages

The Japonic languages are a language family made up of languages native to the Japanese islands. Known members of the language family are Japanese and the Ryukyuan languages (Okinawan, Kunigami, Amami, Miyako, Yaeyama and Yonaguni).

All Japonic languages are agglutinative languages with a simple syllable structure and SOV word order. They have many similar features, but they are not mutually intelligible, which means native speakers of one language will not understand the other language without already knowing it.

While Japanese is the ninth most spoken language in the world, the Ryukyuan languages are critically endangered, which means there are very few speakers left. This was largely because of the Japanese government's assimilation of Ryukyu into the mainland Japanese culture. During the Meiji Era, the Japanese government called the Ryukyuan languages “dialects of Japanese”. This was used to forbid Ryukyuans from speaking the Ryukyuan languages and to force them to speak Japanese. In fact, Okinawan soldiers and civilians were put to death for speaking Okinawan during World War II. The Japanese military would accuse them of being spies so they could have an excuse to put them to death.

All of the languages write using a combination of Chinese characters, called kanji in Japanese, and kana, a Japanese-made syllabic writing system made for writing phonetically. This was true even before the Japanese takeover of the Ryukyu Kingdom.

Hakuna matata

Hakuna matata means "no worries" in Swahili, a language of East Africa. The phrase was used in the Disney movie "The Lion King" in a song of the same name.

In 2003 Disney trademarked the phrase in the US. In 2018, some people accused Disney or "colonialism" and "robbery" for stealing the phrase from East Africa. The phrase is popular in Kenya, one of the countries where it came from. But because of the trademark, Kenyans are not allowed to sell stuff to the US that use that phrase.

Baltimore oriole

The Baltimore oriole ("Icterus galbula") is a small icterid blackbird. It is common in eastern North America as a migratory breeding bird.

The Baltimore oriole is the state bird of Maryland. It is also the inspiration for the Baltimore Orioles baseball team.

Cosmogony

Cosmogony is any theory of the origin of the universe.

In astronomy, cosmogony is the study of the origin of things like the universe, the Solar System, or the Earth–Moon system. The popular cosmological model for the birth of the universe is the Big Bang theory.

It is generally accepted that the universe began as a singularity, and when the singularity of the universe started to expand, the Big Bang occurred, which began the universe.

People disagree on the origins of the singularity.

It may be like a black hole, which is a singularity sincegravity in a black hole becomes boundless.

Others like Stephen Hawking say "time" did not exist and was only born with the universe. Hence the universe does not have an origin story. Time did not exist before the creation of the universe.

There is currently no theoretical model that explains the earliest moments of the universe's existence (during the Planck time). This is because we lack a testable theory of quantum gravity. Still, some researchers in string theory, M theory, and loop quantum cosmology have some ideas.

There are certain myths that also propose how the universe was created: for example creation myths in the Bible, the Dào Dé Jīng, and other genesis stories. These usually involve


The Eridu Genesis, written on Sumerian tablets, is one of the oldest creation myths. The universe was created from a sea (Abzu). In Greek mythology, Zeus created the universe from chaos. Aztec creation has four versions of earth being created and destroyed, before settling the fifth and current earth. In Bushongo creation, the great god Bumba vomited up the sun, then the earth and everything else.

Cosmology studies the universe in general. You can still study the universe without thinking about its origin, which is what cosmonogy studies specifically.

History of Russia

The history of Russia begins with the East Slavs, Turkic, and the Finno-Ugric peoples. Parts of Southern Russia around the Black sea were settled by Greeks and Romans until about the 3rd century. Huns and Turkic tribes invaded the regions around the Black sea until the 10th century. Eastern Slavs then immigrated to the region. Vikings created the Kievan Rus. In the 13th century, Mongols conquered the region and created the Golden Horde. The Mongols ruled until the 15th century. The tsardom of Russia and Russian empire were then created. Poland-Lithuania invaded Moscow, but Russia eventually drove them out. Russia expanded more west and east into Siberia. Napoleon tried to invade Russia during the winter but failed. Russia fought against Germany in WW1. In 1917, the October Revolution happened, and the communists led by Lenin created the Soviet Union. In WW2, Hitler also failed to invade Russia. Russia occupied East Germany, Poland, and most of East Europe during the Cold War. It became a big rival of the United States. In the 1990s, the Union ended, with things like the Yugoslavia revolution, and became modern Russia. In 2014 Russia annexed Crimea from the Ukraine and faced sanctions from US and others because of it.

In the 8th century BCE, Greek merchants migrated to Tanais and Phanagoria. The Bosporan Kingdom (a Greek kingdom) became part of the Roman Empire. In the 2nd century AD Germanic Goths migrated to the Black Sea. In the 3rd and 4th centuries AD, the Gothic Oium existed in Southern Russia until it was conquered by Huns.

Between the 3rd and 6th centuries AD, the Bosporan Kingdom was also invaded by Eastern nomads like the Huns and Turkish Avars.

A Turkic people, the Khazars, conquered the lower Volga basin steppes between the Caspian and Black Seas up to the 8th century. They were known for their laws, tolerance, and cosmopolitanism. The Khazars traded with the Baltic and the Muslim Abbasid empire centered in Baghdad. They were important allies of the Byzantine Empire, and helped win wars against Arab Caliphates. In the 8th century, the Khazars became Jewish.

Some of the ancestors of the modern Russians were the Slavic tribes. They came from the forests of the Pripet Marshes. The Early East Slavs gradually settled Western Russia by moving from Kyiv towards present-day Suzdal and Murom and then from Polotsk towards Novgorod and Rostov.

From the 7th century onwards, East Slavs were the majority of Western Russia. They mixed slowly and peacefully with the native Finno-Ugric tribes, such as the Merya, the Muromians, and the Meshchera.

The Cyrillic alphabet, invented in modern Bulgaria in the 9th century, also spread during this period.

Vikings or Varangians did piracy and trade throughout Northern Europe. In the mid-9th century, they conquered the eastern Baltic to the Black and Caspian Seas. A Varangian named Rurik became ruler of Novgorod in about 860, before they moved south and conquered Kyiv, which had been previously belonged to the Turkic Khazars. Rurik's son Igor and Igor's son Sviatoslav then conquered the East Slavic tribes, destroyed the Khazar khaganate, and fought wars against Byzantium and Persia.

Thus, Rus' was born in the 9th century along the Dnieper River valley. The Kievan Rus' controlled the trade for furs, wax, and slaves between Scandinavia and the Byzantine Empire along the Volkhov and Dnieper Rivers.

Near the 11th century, the Norse ruling class mixed with the Eastern Slavs. The Slavs absorbed Greek Christian influences when trying to loot Constantinople. Svyatoslav I claimed victory in one such campaign; he also defeated the Khazars on the Volga. The Byzantine Empire was declining but would influence Russia culturally.

For example through the Byzantine, the Kievan Rus' introduced the Slavic variant of the Eastern Orthodox Christianity. They became Christian in 988.

Then Yaroslav the Wise wrote some laws. It had name “The Russian true”.

By the 11th century, Yaroslav the Wise helped improve the economy and literature. The Russian language was not that influenced by Greek and Latin. Church Slavonic was used directly in liturgy instead.

A nomadic Turkic people, the Kipchaks (or Cumans), replaced earlier Pechenegs in the south steppe at the end of the 11th century. They founded a nomadic state along the Black Sea (Desht-e-Kipchak). The Kipchaks and Kyivans fought.

The Rus were conquered by the Mongol Golden Horde in the 13th century. Kyiv was destroyed. Halych-Volhynia would eventually be absorbed into the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, while the Mongol-dominated Vladimir-Suzdal and independent Novgorod Republic became the basis for modern Russia.

In 1223, the disunited southern princes faced a Mongol raiding party at the Kalka River and were soundly defeated. In 1237–1238 the Mongols burnt down the city of Vladimir (4 February 1238) and other major cities of northeast Russia, defeated the Russians at the Sit' River, and then moved west to conquer Poland and Hungary. By then they had conquered most of Russia.

The Mongols destroyed the cities. Some, like Kyiv and Vladimir, never recovered. The new cities of Moscow, Tver and Nizhny Novgorod began to compete for hegemony in the Mongol-dominated Russia. The Golden Horde was established in the 14th century. Mongol domination of the Russia, along with demands of tribute from Russian princes, continued until about 1480.

After the fall of the Turkic Khazars in the 10th century, the Volga were conquered by the Volga Bulgaria, part of Greater Bulgaria. In the 10th century the Turks converted to Islam and traded with the Middle East and Central Asia. After the Mongol invasions of the 1230s, Volga Bulgaria was annexed by the Golden Horde. Its population evolved into the modern Chuvashes and Kazan Tatars.

The Mongols controlled Russia and Volga Bulgaria from their western capital at Sarai, one of the largest cities of the medieval world. Russian princes had to pay tribute to the Mongols of the Golden Horde, commonly called Tatars. The Russian Orthodox Church even experienced a revival under the Metropolitan Alexis and Sergius of Radonezh.

The Mongols influenced Russian military tactics and transportation. Under Mongol occupation, Russia developed its postal road network, census, fiscal system, and military organization.

Daniil Aleksandrovich founded Moscow (Muscovy). They were first a vassal to the Mongols and Tatars.

The Mongol rulers gave them the title of Grand Prince of Moscow and made them collect tribute from the Russian principalities. Moscow became the center of the Russian Orthodox Church.

In the 15th century, the princes of Moscow continued to consolidate Russian land to increase their population and wealth. The most successful one was Ivan III, who laid the foundations for the Russian nation. Ivan competed with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania for control over the upper Dnieper and Oka River basins.

Ivan III was able to annex Novgorod and Tver. As a result, the Grand Duchy of Moscow tripled in size.

Ivan then overthrew the ruling Tatars and Golden Horde, now divided into several Khanates and hordes. Ivan wanted to protect the southern borders from the Crimean Tatars and other Turko-Mongol armies. He built Great Abatis Belt, gave land to nobles in exchange for military service. This expanded the army.

Eventually Ivan IV became the first Russian ruler to call theirself tsar.

Ivan III tripled the territory of his state, ended the dominance of the Golden Horde over the Rus', revived the Moscow Kremlin. But he was also anti-Catholic and isolated Russia from western civilization.

In the 14th century, Timur conquered parts of Southern Russia and occupied Moscow for some time.

"Ivan the Terrible" increased the powers of the tsar. He got rid of many people he did not like for the smallest things. But he helped develop Russia and adapt new laws and decreased the influence of the church.

Ivan annexed the Khanates of Kazan, Astrakhan, and Siberia. Russia now had Muslim Tatar populations and became a multiethnic and multiconfessional state. The Stroganov family also controlled the Urals and hired Russian Cossacks to colonize Siberia.

Ivan divided Russia and created the "oprichnina." There Ivan killed nobles in the Massacre of Novgorod in 1570. Military losses, disease, and lack of food weakened Russia. The Crimean Tatars were able to loot central Russian and burn down Moscow in 1571. In 1572 Ivan stopped.

At the end of Ivan IV's rule the Polish–Lithuanian and Swedish armies invaded northwestern Russia.

There then were many civil wars and foreign invasions known as the "Time of Troubles" (1606–13). Extremely cold summers (1601–1603) destroyed crops, which led to the Russian famine of 1601–1603 and increased the chaos.

During the Polish–Muscovite War (1605–1618), Polish–Lithuanian forces invaded Moscow and appointed puppet rulers.

But Russia finally took back Moscow on .

In February 1613, Michael Romanov was elected as ruler. The Romanov dynasty ruled Russia until 1917.

Russia expanded a lot during the 17th century, including the first Russian colonization of the Pacific in the mid-17th century, the Russo-Polish War (1654–67), and the Russian conquest of Siberia. Russia gained most of its territory from Siberia.

After victory in the Great Northern War Russia became empire. The tsar Peter the Great became an emperor.

The Tsarist system was completely overthrown in February 1917 in the February Revolution.
State Duma deputy took the power and organized Provisional government. First prince Lvov was its head. He lost popularity and Alexander Kerensky became it.



Glauber dynamics

In statistical physics, Glauber dynamics is a way to simulate the Ising model (a model of magnetism) on a computer. It is a type of Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithm.

In the Ising model, we have say N particles that can spin up (+1) or down (-1). Say the particles are on a 2D grid. We label each with an x and y coordinate. Glauber's algorithm becomes:


This tries to approximate how the spins change over time. The fancy term is that it is part of nonequilibrium statistical mechanics, which roughly studies the time-dependent behavior of statistical mechanics.

The algorithm is named after Roy J. Glauber, Nobel Prize winner and a Harvard physicist who worked at Los Alamos.


Tropical Storm Danas (2019)

Tropical Storm Danas (International Code: 1905, Joint Typhoon Warning Center: WP062019, Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration: Falcon) is the 5th named tropical cyclone in the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

On July 11, a low-pressure zone was formed near the Mariana Islands, and the US Naval Research Laboratory gave it a tropical disturbance number of 98W. At 8 o'clock on the morning of July 14, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical depression. At this point the system moves to the approximate west. At 8 pm, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center gave its development rating "low". At 8 o'clock on the morning of July 15, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a gale warning, and the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan upgraded it to a tropical depression, given the number TD10 . At 3 pm, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to "Medium". At 10 pm, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical depression.

At 6:30 am on July 16, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to "High" and issued a tropical cyclone warning. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center raised the system to a tropical depression at 2:40 pm, giving the number 06W. At 3 pm on the same day, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical storm, giving the international number 1905 and named it "Danas", followed by the China National Meteorological Center, the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan, and PAGASA also upgraded it to a tropical storm. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center was upgraded to a tropical storm late that night.

On July 19, the JMA reported that Danas has reached its peak wind speeds with continuous winds of 85 km/h (50 mph). Later that day, Danas began to weaken. On July 20, around 13:00 UTC, Danas made landfall on South Korea as a minimal tropical storm, before weakening into a tropical depression soon afterward. The weakening trend also accelerated on July 20 due to the drop in sea temperature to 23 degrees Celsius near landfall. The Republic of Korea Meteorological Administration downgraded Danas to a tropical depression at 11 am and stopped issuing announcements. At 12:45 UTC on July 21, Danas transitioned into an extratropical low in the Sea of Japan, and the JMA issued their final advisory on the storm.

On July 15, the system was enhanced to a tropical depression. At 11 pm, the Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued the No. 1 storm signal to the northern part of Isabela Province, Cagayan Province and the Bataan Islands. As Denas continued to approach Luzon, the Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued a second storm signal to the northern part of Cagayan Province at 5 pm on the 16th. 

PAGASA cancelled all storm signals for the Philippines on July 18th.

Danas brought heavy rainfall to many western parts of Japan including nearly all of Kyushu.

In addition, the amount of rain that fell in the last 24 hours exceeded 350 mm in various places in Goto, and reaches the rainfall for July 1 month in normal years, and it has become the largest since July. 

On July 20, around 13:00 UTC, Danas made landfall on South Jeolla Province, South Korea as a minimal tropical storm. It caused heavy rain across the country but damages were unknown. Locally heavy rainfall will continue across much of South Korea and southwest Japan through Sunday night, with additional rainfall of 50-100 mm (2-4 inches) in many locations.

Fort William, India

Fort William was the fort that was granted (Britishers were allowed to construct it on the grounds of Bengal) to the Britishers by the Nawab of Bengal for their short termed loyalty and sincerity they showed towards the Nawab.

Tuvan People's Republic

Tuvan People's Republic was a partially recognized state that existed from 1921 to 1944. After 1944 it became part of the Soviet Union. Until 1926, it was also known as People's Republic Tannu-Tuva. Only two states recognized the it: the Soviet Union and Mongolia. Even when it existed, it was seen as a puppet state of the Soviet Union. Its economy was largely based on nomads raising and selling cattle. The republic was between the Siberian part of Russia, and Mongolia. The capital was the city of Kyzyl. Since 1992, the territory is known as the Tuvan Republic. It is a self-governing part inside the Russian state.

Grizzy and the Lemmings

Grizzy & the Lemmings () is a French computer-animated television series produced by Studio Hari with the participation of France Télévisions, Cartoon Network and Boomerang. It is a silent comedy focusing on a grizzly bear, named Grizzy, having to deal with the group of the eponymous lemmings, who he is irritated by. The show has no real dialogue, as characters will speak gibberish. The three-dimensional designs are by Bertrand Gatignol for the characters and Édouard Cellura for the sets.

The series was announced on June 22, 2015, and debuted internationally in the fall of 2016. It was renewed for a second season on July 5, 2017, which is stated to air on a number of channels around the globe in 2018. Season 1 was released for Netflix on July 15, 2019. In 2019, Hari Productions (Studio Hari) announced the development of the third season, titled Grizzy & the Lemmings World Tour. Season 3 came out in 2021 ended in October 8, 2022.

The Movie was released by January 7, 2007, was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Nickelodeon Movies, Studio Hari, France Televisions and Boomerang

Grizzy is an anthropormorphic Grizzly bear who has a brown body and light brown fat stomach, and lives in the forest ranger's cabin. The setting for the series is a forest cabin that serves as a sort of vacation home for humans, but when the human owner is away, Grizzy the bear makes himself at home. Grizzy sees the cabin as his personal paradise and goes to great lengths to enjoy its comforts, which include a well-stocked refrigerator, a cozy fireplace, and various gadgets.

However, the cabin is not vacant, as a group of lemmings also inhabits the area. These small, blue-furred creatures are playful and love causing chaos. They often thwart Grizzy's attempts to enjoy the cabin by engaging in zany and humorous schemes.

The central dynamic of the show revolves around Grizzy trying to maintain his peaceful enjoyment of the cabin while dealing with the Lemmings' relentless and unpredictable antics. Grizzy's character is portrayed as clever but often overconfident, leading to humorous situations as he attempts to outsmart the Lemmings.

The Lemmings are a group of anthropomorphic lemmings with blue bodies and light bluish gray stomachs, also inhabiting Forest Ranger's cabin. The Lemmings, on the other hand, have a knack for coming up with creative solutions to their problems, even if those solutions usually involve chaotic and slapstick humor. Despite their mischievous nature, they have a certain charm that makes them endearing.



Mark Sanford

Marshall Clement "Mark" Sanford Jr. (born May 28, 1960) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican. He was a U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 1st congressional district from 1995 to 2001. Sanford was then elected Governor of South Carolina from 2003 until 2011. He ran again for the U.S. House and was a congressman from 2013 to 2019. He lost in the 2018 Republican primary for his re-election bid.

Sanford is a teaching fellow at the University of Chicago Institute of Politics.

In July 2019, Sanford said that he was thinking of a 2020 presidential bid against President Donald Trump for the Republican nomination. He formally announced his candidacy on September 8, 2019. He dropped out from the race two months later on November 12.

Word (computer architecture)

A word is the number of bits a particular computer's CPU can deal with in one go. 

Modern processors, including those in embedded systems, usually have a word size of 8, 16, 24, 32, or 64 bits.

Raffaele La Capria

Raffaele La Capria (3 October 1922 – 26 June 2022) was an Italian novelist and screenwriter. He was known for his series of three novels (the most important is "Ferito a morte") which were known as "Tre romanzi di una giornata". La Capria was born in Naples. He was married to actress Ilaria Occhini until her death in July 2019.

He worked as co-scriptwriter on many of Francesco Rosi's movies, including "Le mani sulla città" (1963), "Uomini contro" (1970) and "Cristo si è fermato a Eboli" (1979). In September 2001 he won a Premio Campiello lifetime achievement award and in 2005 "L'estro quotidiano" was selected as the winner of the Viareggio Prize for fiction.

La Capria died on 26 June 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 99.

Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow

Gurbanguly Mälikgulyýewiç Berdimuhamedow (born 29 June 1957) is a Turkmen politician. He was the 2nd President of Turkmenistan from 2007 until 2022.

Berdimuhamedow, a dentist, worked in the government under President Saparmurat Niyazov as Minister of Health. He is the first dentist in the world to head a state or a government.

In February 2022, Berdimuhamedow announced his plans not to run for re-election in 2022.

President of Turkmenistan

President of Turkmenistan (Turkmen:Türkmenistanyň prezidenti) is the head of state, head of government and the chief executive of Turkmenistan

Serdar Berdimuhamedow is the current President of Turkmenistan, only the third in the history of the country since it gained independence with the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.

The President is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Turkmenistan and the Chairman of the country's Cabinet of Ministers.

The country passed reforms in 2016 eliminating term limits for the presidency and removing the age requirement of below 70, as well as extending the term from five to seven years. 

Requirements for candidates for President of Turkmenistan include the following:



Raşit Meredow

Raşit Öwezgeldiýewiç Meredow (Cyrillic: Рашит Өвезгелдиевич Мередов; born 1959) is a Turkmen politician. He is the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2001, as well as a Deputy Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Turkmenistan. He is also the First Vice President of Turkmenistan since 2007 working for the Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow administration.

Eberhard Kummer

Eberhard Kummer (2 August 1940 – 12 July 2019) was an Austrian folk singer and lawyer. He was an expert of medieval music. Kummer was born in Krems an der Donau, Austria. He played the hurdy-gurdy, the harp and the guitar, and made important works to medieval music and the Austrian folksong.

Kummer died on 12 July 2019 in Vienna at the age of 78.

Rosa María Britton

Rosa María Britton (July 28, 1936 – July 16, 2019) was a Panamanian doctor and novelist. She was born in Panama City. Her best known novels were: "El ataúd de uso" (1983), "El señor de las lluvias y el viento" (1984), "No pertenezco a este siglo" (1991), "Laberintos de orgullo" (2002) and "Suspiros de fantasmas" (2005).

Britton died on July 16, 2019 in Panama City at the age of 82.

Daniel Callahan

Daniel Callahan (July 19, 1930 – July 16, 2019) was an American philosopher. He was an important person towards the field of biomedical ethics. He was the co-founder of The Hastings Center, the world's first bioethics research institute. He was the Director of The Hastings Center from 1969 to 1983, president from 1984 to 1996, and president emeritus from 1996 to 2019. He was the author or editor of 47 books. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Callahan died on July 16, 2019 in Dobbs Ferry, New York at the age of 88.

John Elya

John Adel Elya (16 September 1928 – 19 July 2019) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. From 1993 to 2004, he was Eparch of Newton, with jurisdiction over Melkite churches in the United States. He was born in Maghdouché, Lebanon.

Elya died on 19 July 2019 at the age of 90.

Bert Rechichar

Albert Daniel "Bert" Rechichar (July 16, 1930 – July 19, 2019) was an American football defensive back and kicker. He played with the National Football League's Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Colts, and Pittsburgh Steelers from 1952 to 1960. He also played for the American Football League's New York Titans in 1961. He was born in Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania.

Rechichar died on July 19, 2019 in Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania from an illness, aged 89.

Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania

Belle Vernon is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is near the Monongahela River. As of the 2020 census Belle Vernon had a population of 1,024.

Ilaria Occhini

Ilaria Occhini (28 March 1934 – 20 July 2019) was an Italian actress. She starred in more than 30 movies. Her best known roles were "Doctor and the Healer", "Welcome to Home Gori" and "Loose Cannons". Her husband was screenwriter Raffaele La Capria.

Occhini died in Rome on 20 July 2019 at the age of 85.

José Manuel Estepa Llaurens

José Manuel Estepa Llaurens (1 January 1926 – 21 July 2019) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church and Military Archbishop Emeritus of Spain from 1986 to 2003. He was born in Andújar, Spain.

He was created Cardinal-Priest of "S. Gabriele Arcangelo all’Acqua Traversa" by Pope Benedict XVI in a consistory at St. Peter's Basilica on 20 November 2010. Because he had already reached age 80, he was not eligible to participate in a conclave.

Estepa Llaurens died on 21 July 2019 in Madrid at the age of 93.

Louis Lansana Beavogui

Louis Lansana Beavogui (28 December 1923 – 19 August 1984) was a Guinean politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Guinea from 26 April 1972 to 3 April 1984 and was interim President from 26 March 1984 to 3 April 1984.

Beavogui was born on 28 December 1923 in Macenta, French Guinea (now Guinea) and died of diabetes while hospitalized in Conakry, Guinea on 19 August 1984, aged 60.

Choctaw County, Mississippi

Choctaw County is a county in the central U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 8,246 people lived there. The county seat is Ackerman.

Claiborne County, Mississippi

Claiborne County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,135 people lived there. Its county seat is Port Gibson.

Clarke County, Mississippi

Clarke County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 15,615 people lived there. Its county seat is Quitman.

Neshoba County, Mississippi

Neshoba County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 29,087 people lived there. Its county seat is Philadelphia.

Copiah County, Mississippi

Copiah County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 28,368 people lived there. Its county seat is Hazlehurst.

Covington County, Mississippi

Covington County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 18,340 people lived there. Its county seat is Collins.

Forrest County, Mississippi

Forrest County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 78,158 people lived there. Its county seat and largest city is Hattiesburg.

DeSoto County, Mississippi

DeSoto County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 185,314 people lived there, making it the third-most populous county in Mississippi. Its county seat is Hernando.

George County, Mississippi

George County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 24,350 people lived there. Its county seat is Lucedale.

Ryukyu Kingdom

The Ryukyu Kingdom is a country that no longer exists in present-day Okinawa. Before Japan took control of it during the Meiji Era, it was an independent country with its own culture, government, and language from 1429 to 1879. Okinawa was a major trading center in Asia, so there are aspects of Chinese, Japanese, and other Asian cultures that were blended into the native Okinawan culture.

The name Ryukyu is a transcription of the Chinese name for the region, "Liuqiu" (written as 琉球 in Chinese characters).

Before the Ryukyu Kingdom was created, Okinawa was made up of three countries: Nanzan, Chuzan, and Hokuzan. Chuzan took over the other two kingdoms, united the three kingdoms, and created the Ryukyu Kingdom. The kingdom had its own dynasty of kings and they ruled from Shuri Castle in the city of Shuri. Although they used to be different cities, Shuri is now in the northern part of present-day Naha.

Shurijo

Shurijo or Shuri Castle was the palace where the Ryukyu kings lived before Okinawa became part of Japan. Since it was built when Okinawa was independent, the castle structure is very different from other castles in Japan. Shuri Castle is located in Shuri. Shuri was once the Ryukyu capital, but it is now part of the present-day city of Naha.

Throughout its history, it had been destroyed and rebuilt four times, including during the Battle of Okinawa. This is why the courtyard is a little asymmetrical, or lop-sided. It was a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

On the morning of 31 October 2019, a large fire broke out at the main hall of the castle. "Seiden", "Hokuden", "Nanden" and "Bandokoro" were completely destroyed. According to news sources, "Six castle buildings occupying some 4,200 square meters in total were [destroyed]." The fire was put out around 1:30 p.m.

Grenada County, Mississippi

Grenada County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,629 people lived there. Its county seat is Grenada.

Sweetwater, Texas

Sweetwater is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Nolan County.

Shuri

Shuri was the capital of the former countries of Chuzan and later of the Ryukyu Kingdom, which were in present-day Okinawa. The Ryukyu kings would rule the kingdom from Shuri Castle. Today, it is a district of the present-day city of Naha. Shuri and Naha used to be different cities, but since Okinawa became part of Japan, Shuri would no longer be the capital. The Japanese government made Naha, which was a nearby port city, to be Okinawa's capital instead. Today, Shuri Station it is the last stop on the Okinawa Urban Monorail.

Mamady Youla

Mamady Youla (born 1961) is a Guinean businessman and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from 29 December 2015 to 24 May 2018.

Okinawa Urban Monorail

The Okinawa Urban Monorail, or the Yui Rail, is a monorail train line in Naha, the capital of Okinawa, Japan. It is the only public train line in the entire prefecture, and right now the entire line is only in Naha. It has 15 stops, beginning from Naha Airport and ending in Shuri Station. There are plans to extend the line to Urasoe City. There are also plans to allow passengers to pay using Suica by the spring of 2020.

Social commentary

Social commentary is indirectly expressing an opinion on how society should change. Martin Luther, Jonathan Swift and Charles Dickens are among many people who wrote social commentaries.

Low comedy

Low comedy is a form of comedy that is meant only to make people laugh without any satire or social commentary. Low comedy can have people getting drunk, getting hit in the face with pies, tripping over banana peels and getting wedgies. The name "Low Comedy" was created by John Dryden. It is often seen as the opposite of High Comedy.

High comedy

High comedy is a form of comedy based on wit, satire or clever dialogue. The phrase was created by George Meredith in his 1877 "Essay on Comedy" in which he says that it is the opposite of low comedy.

Hyde Park and Regent's Park bombings

The Hyde Park and Regent's Park bombings occurred on 20 July 1982. Members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army used a bomb in each park to attack British military ceremonies in central London.

In Hyde Park, a nail bomb in a car exploded. It killed four soldiers and seven horses.

In Regent's Park, a bomb underneath a bandstand killed seven military bandsmen.

Mainland Japan

Mainland Japan is the name used to describe all the regions of Japan except for Hokkaido and Okinawa. Until the end of World War II, the name included Hokkaido and Okinawa, but it excluded all the colonies of the Japanese Empire, including Korea and Taiwan. However, since the colonies are no longer under control of Japan, those places have no reason to call Japan "the mainland."

However, they are still used by residents of Okinawa and Hokkaido because their cultures and native people are different from the other parts of Japan.

In Hokkiado, the word "Dogai" is also used. It means every part of Japan outside of Hokkaido.

Japanese knotweed

Japanese knotweed ("Persicaria japonica") is a perennial herbaceous plant. It lives in Asian countries including Taiwan, Japan and southern China.

Mongolian Revolution of 1911

The Outer Mongolian Revolution of 1911 happened when Outer Mongolia did not want to be part of the Qing dynasty anymore. They wanted to govern themselves. It happened at the same time as the Xinhai Revolution. 

Outer Mongolia is now the modern country of Mongolia. It is different from Inner Mongolia, which is in China.

Mongolia used to be part of the Qing dynasty. But by the 20th century Mongolia was poor. Because of the Taiping Rebellion (1850–1864) many other people were poor. The Qing was running out of money. 

The Qing also moved many of the Mongols' animals to the rest of China to feed others. This made Mongols upset.

Manchus people created the Qing dynasty. They were not Han Chinese. But they eventually became Chinese themselves. They failed to keep the Manchus "pure". Still they tried to separate Han from Manchus and Mongols. For example, Han could not enter Mongolia, and Mongols could not leave Mongolia. Mongols were not allowed to speak Chinese. 

In 1895, the Qing lost the First Sino-Japanese War. The Qing was declining.

The Boxer Rebellion and Japan's victory over Russia in 1905 made the Chinese hopeful that they could make things better. So they created new reforms called the Xinzheng or "New Policies" (新政).

One of the goals of Xinzheng was to move more Han Chinese into Outer Mongolia (cultural assimilation). This was to tell Russians to stay away from Mongolia as it still belonged to China. The Qing thought of this as a "shield".

Between 1901 and 1910, the Qing passed laws allowing: Han Chinese to settle Chinese Mongolia, intermarriage between Han and Mongol Chinese, Mongols to speak Chinese.

In 1910 the Qing government made Sando the ruler of Mongolia in Ulaanbaatar. Plans were made to send Han farmers to Mongolia. In January 1911 the army was organized. Half of the army was Mongol. The Mongolians did not like this. They did not like the tax. They were "penniless". They did not want farmers and still wanted to be nomads and horseback riders.

Prince Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren convinced the Jebstundamba Khutukhtu to support independence. He and another leader Qin Wang (Mijiddorjiin Khanddorj) then asked Russia to help. 

St. Petersburg heard the message. Russia wanted some distance from Japan and wanted Outer Mongolia to be a buffer state. So Russia sent some troops.

In 1911, the Qing government was overthrown in the Xinhai Revolution. While the rest of China was busy with this problem, the Mongols saw this as the perfect opportunity to secede from the union. In 30 Novmber 1911 Mongol and Russian soldiers surrounded Kulun (Ulanbatar).

On December 5, Khanddorj declared independence. In January 1912 the Governor of Uliastai in western Mongolia escaped protected by Russian Cossack troops. But the governor of Khovd decided to resist, hoping for support from Xinjiang. However they were defeated. In August 1912, Khovd left the country protected by the Coassacks.

Outer Mongolia then wanted Inner Mongolia (Pan-Mongolism). Some riots did happen in Inner Mongolia. And for some time, Outer Mongolia had parts of western Inner Mongolia. But then the new Beijing government also began to fight in Inner Mongolia. Outer Mongolia began to lose supplies. And Russia did not want to support the Outer Mongols or fight another war. So China kept Inner Mongolia. The year-long war was not good for Inner Mongolia. It is known as Year of the Ox rebellion ("牛年之乱" Үхэр жилийн үймээн).

On 1912 November 3, Russia signed a deal 《俄蒙协约》with Mongolia to mine in Mongolia in exchange for saying Mongolia is autonomous. China was not happy. So in 1913 September 18, Sun Baoqi () signed a new agreement between China and Russia《中俄声明文件》. China agrees not to put troops in Mongolia and recognize the Russian-Mongol deal 《俄蒙协约》. In return, Russia recognizes that China has suzerainty over Mongolia. So China's power over Mongolia changed from sovereignty to suzerainty.

Korean Empire

The Korean Empire (Daehan Jeguk"," ) lasted between 1897 and 1910. It was the last time Korea was unified and independent. The empire was established when the king Gojong became an emperor. After the First Sino-Japanese War, Korea was no longer a Chinese tributary state. But then in 1907 Korea became a Japanese protectorate, and 1910, got annexed by Japan as the province of Choson. Korea became a Japanese colony until 1945. Then after the Korean War it split.

After First Sino-Japanese War, the Russia Empire and Japanese Empire fought for the control of Korea Peninsula. Eventually, the Russo-Japanese War occured. The Russia Empire was defeated by the Japanese Empire that was supported by British Empire. Then, the Korea Empire's Neutrality was threaten by the Japanese Empire. At the Russo-Japanese War, the British Empire and the United States viewed on Korea's peace was not important more than the Russia's expansion. In addition, the international views on a Korea Penisula was changed. The Japanese Empire's forces got stronger as the time pass. Korea's unequal treaties were hidden and ignored.

Japanese annexation of Korea

The Japanese annexation of Korea happened in 1910. The Empire of Japan annexed (made part of its territory) the Korean Empire. In Japanese it is also called 日韓併合、朝鮮併合、日韓合邦 which translate as annexation of Korea, annexation of Joseon (an old name of Korea), and unification of Japan and Korea. 

Then Japanese ruled Korea until 1945, after the Potsdam Conference at the end of World War II. 

Ellsworth County, Kansas

Ellsworth County (county code EW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,376 people lived there. Its county seat is Ellsworth. Ellsworth is also the biggest city in the county.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water. It is intersected by the Smoky Hill River.





Hot pot

Hot pot is a popular food throughout China, and its popularity is increasing in other countries. Hot pot restaurants can be found in many places in China. Hot pot is a pot of boiling water, often with chili oil inside, where people put in whatever food they like to boil. Food that is cooked often includes thin slices of meat, starches, vegetables, mushrooms, and noodles. Chengdu and Chongqing hot pot are especially well-known throughout China and worldwide. In Japanese, the dish is called shabu-shabu.

Death Parade

When someone dies, they are sent to one of many bars run by bartenders. There, they must play a Death Games with their souls on the line. The game reveals their secrets and what led them to their situation. Based on what is revealed, the bartender sends them for reincarnation or banishment into the void. The story is about Decim, a bartender of the bar where people who died at the same time are sent to. The place is also known as the Quindecim bar. His role in judging these souls changes when he meets a curious black-haired woman.

Birmingham pub bombings

The Birmingham pub bombings were carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army on 21 November 1974. Two bombs exploded in pubs in Birmingham, West Midlands, England, killing 21 people.

The first bomb exploded in the Mulberry Bush, killing ten people.

The second bomb exploded in the Tavern in the Town, killing eleven people.

A third bomb was planted in the doorway of a branch of Barclays bank. It was found by a policeman and did not explode. 

The Birmingham bombings were 20th century England's most deadly terrorist attack. 

List of heads of state of India

This is a list of the heads of state of India, from the independence of India in 1947 to the present day. The current head of state of India is Ram Nath Kovind, elected in 2017 after being nominated by BJP, the party run by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

From 1947 to 1950 the head of state under the Indian Independence Act 1947 was King of India, who was also the Monarch of the United Kingdom and of the other Dominions of the British Commonwealth. The monarch was represented in India by a Governor-General. India became a republic under the Constitution of 1950 and the Monarch and Governor-General were replaced by a ceremonial President.

The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.

The Governor-General was the representative of the Monarch in India and exercised most of the powers of the Monarch. The Governor-General was appointed for an indefinite term, serving at the pleasure of the Monarch. After the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931, the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of the Cabinet of India without the involvement of the British government. In the event of a vacancy the Chief Justice served as Officer Administering the Government.

Under the Constitution, of the Republic of India, the President replaced the Monarch as ceremonial head of state. The President is elected by the Electoral College for a five-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice-President serves as Acting President.


There are two living former Indian heads of state:

Gravitino

A gravitino is a theoretical particle that physicists think will carry the force of gravity. There is no confirmation of the particle's existence.

It’s essentially the same as the graviton particle.
Bepanah Pyaar

Bepanah Pyaar (English: " Endless Love") is an Indian romantic drama television series produced by Ekta Kapoor under her banner Balaji Telefilms. It premiered on 3 June 2019 on Colors TV. It stars Pearl V Puri, Ishita Dutta and Aparna Dixit as Raghbir, Pragati and Bani.

The series revolves around two star-crossed lovers Raghbir and Bani who love each other endlessly but destiny brings them apart as Bani dies in an accident. Soon destiny brings Pragati in Raghbir's life.


Louisiana Territory

The Territory of Louisiana or Louisiana Territory was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It was made from the former Louisiana (New France) on July 4, 1805. It lasted until June 4, 1812, when it was renamed the Missouri Territory.

On March 3, 1805, Congress passed legislation organizing the District of Louisiana into the Louisiana Territory, starting July 4, 1805.

The Territory was governed like how the Indiana Territory was governed.

The capitol of government was in St. Louis.

The first territorial governor was James Wilkinson. He was chosen by President Thomas Jefferson. He also was a Senior Officer of the United States Army while he was governor.


Guo Shoujing

Guo Shoujing (, 1231–1316), or Ruosi (若思), was a Chinese astronomer, engineer, and mathematician. He lived during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). He is considered one of the greatest scientists in Chinese history. Guo was a major influence in the development of science.

He improved the Grand Canal, built a human-made lake (Kunming lake), created one of the most accurate calendars in history, invented some of the most accurate clocks during his time, and made many other contributions to math, astronomy, and hydraulics (water engineering).

He was born in 1231 in Xingtai, Hebei province. His family was poor. He grandfather, Guo Yong, was famous for his study of the Five Classics to astronomy, mathematics, and hydraulics. Guo Shoujing was a child prodigy. As a teenager, he learned how to build a water clock. He then improved it. His new invention was called the lotus clepsydra (a bowl shaped like a lotus flower that water dripped into). At 16 he began to study math and from there hydraulics and astronomy.

At 20, Guo became a hydraulic engineer and government official. He helped fix a bridge over the Dahuoquan River.

In the late 1250s, Kublai Khan (of the Mongol Empire, Yuan dynasty) thought hydraulic engineering, irrigation, and water transport would help the country and people. He sent Liu Bingzhong and his student Guo to improve irrigation systems between Dadu (now Beijing) and the Yellow River. 

Guo helped build a 30 km canal from Baifu spring in the Shenshan Mountain to Dadu, 

The Grand Canal linked the Yangzi river, the Huai, and Yellow river since the early 7th century. Guo helped extend it to Dadu 1292–93. 

It worked. Kublai Khan was happy, and Guo did similar things for the rest of the empire. He was promoted to chief advisor of hydraulics, mathematics, and astronomy.

He created a human-made Kunming Lake in Beijing. This was one of his most memorable engineering feats.

The lake provided water for all areas surrounding Beijing and led to the best grain transport system in the world. 

He built other reservoirs, thereby allowing people in inner China to access to fresh water for planting, drinking, and trading. 

For irrigation, he provided hydraulics systems which distributed water equally and quickly, which allowed communities to trade more effectively, and therefore prosper. 

In 1292, he became the head of the Water Works Bureau. 

Guo invented many astronomy devices: the gnomon, the square table, the armilla, and a water powered armillary sphere called the Ling Long Yi. 


Even when young Guo was revolutionizing old inventions. His clocks, watches, irrigation, reservoirs, and equilibrium stations were the most accurate of his time, allowing for an extremely accurate recording of time.

Kublai Khan noticed Guo was a genius in astronomy. So he asked Guo, Zhang, and Wang Xun to build a very accurate calendar. It would be the most accurate of its time. They built 27 observatories in the empire to collect data for calculations. 

In 1280, Guo finished the calendar, calculating a year to be 365.2425 days, just 26 seconds off modern measurements. He invented many tools in the process.

The calendar revolutionized China and the world. It allowed more accurate recording of history, gave a sense of unification, and helped later emperors rule over China. His calendar would be used for the next 363 years, the longest a Chinese calendar has been used in history.

Guo was also able to more accurately establish the location of celestial bodies and the angles of the Sun relative to Earth. He invented a new type of compass, helping people find north using the stars instead of magnets.

In 1283, Guo was promoted to director of the Observatory in Beijing. 

Guo’s work in mathematics was regarded as the most knowledgeable for 400 years. Throughout his life he worked a lot on spherical trigonometry, using a system of approximation to find arc lengths and angles. He approximated pi was equal to 3. But this allowed him to solve some equations much faster and more accurately than if he said pi was 3.14...

He also used mathematical functions for spherical trigonometry, building upon the knowledge of Shen Kuo's (1031–1095). 

The next important work in trigonometry would only be printed 300 years later by Xu Guangqi in 1607, during the Ming Dynasty.

Tang Shunzhi 唐順之 (1507-1560) said Guo's work was an example of "practical scholarship" (applying advanced knowledge to solve practical problems). 

Guo influenced the Changzhou School of Thought and spread of "evidential learning" (learning through experience). 

A number of things are named after Guo, including the Asteroid 2012 Guo Shou-Jing and the Large Sky Area Multi-Object Fibre Spectroscopic Telescope near Beijing.

Grand Canal (China)

The Grand Canal or Dayunhe or Jing–Hang Grand Canal () is the longest and oldest canal and artificial river in the world. 

It starts in Beijing; passes through Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang; and ends in Hangzhou.

It connects China's two longest rivers: the Yellow River and the Yangzi. 

The oldest parts of the canal were built during the 5th century BC. 

The Sui dynasty (581–618 AD) added some other parts. Between 1271–1633, the Yuan dynasty (through Guo Shoujing and others) and the Ming dynasty improved it and built parts to direct water to Beijing. 

The total length is . Its greatest height is 42 m (138 ft) near the Shandong mountains.

Song Dynasty (960–1279) engineer Qiao Weiyue invented the pound lock in the 10th century. This allowed ships to travel higher and lower through the canal. 

The canal amazed many people throughout history including Japanese monk Ennin (794–864), Persian historian Rashid al-Din (1247–1318), Korean official Choe Bu (1454–1504), and Italian missionary Matteo Ricci (1552–1610).

Historically, flooding of the Yellow River threatened to break the canal. During wartime the canal was even used as a weapon: the dikes of the Yellow River were sometimes broken to flood the enemy troops. But this caused disasters and hurt the economy. 

The Canal has greatly improved China's economy and increased trade between the north and south. It is still used heavily to this day.

It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Slavery in the United States

Slavery in the United States was the legal institution of human slavery in the United States. Slaves were mostly Africans and African Americans. Slavery existed in the United States of America in the 18th and 19th centuries. Slavery existed in British America from early colonial days. Slavery was legal in all Thirteen Colonies at the time of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It lasted in about half the states until 1865. This was when it was banned in the entire country by the Thirteenth Amendment.

By the time of the American Revolution (1775–1783), slaves had been institutionalized as a racial caste. The caste associated with African ancestry. When the United States Constitution was ratified in 1789, a small number of free people of color were able to vote. This was because they were men who owned property. During and shortly after the Revolutionary War, abolitionist laws were passed in most Northern states, and there was a movement created to end slavery. Slave states tried to extend slavery into new Western territories. They wanted to do this to keep their share of political power in the country. Southern leaders also wanted to annex Cuba as a slave territory. The United States became split over the issue of slavery. It was split into slave and free states. The Mason–Dixon line divided the country. The line divided (free) Pennsylvania from (slave) Maryland.

While Jefferson was president, Congress prohibited the importation of slaves, effective 1808. Although smuggling (illegal importing) through Spanish Florida was common. Slave trading within the United States, however, continued at a fast pace. This was because there was a need for labor due to the creation of cotton plantations in the Deep South. New communities of African-American culture were created in the Deep South. There were 4 million slaves in the Deep South before they were set free.

The first Africans came to the New World with Christopher Columbus in 1492. An African crew member named Juan Las Canaries was on Columbus's ship. Shortly after, the first enslavement happened in what would later be the United States. In 1508, Ponce de Leon created the first settlement near present-day San Juan. He started enslaving the indigenous Tainos. In 1513, to supplement the decreasing number of Tainos people, the first African slaves were imported to Puerto Rico.

The first African slaves in the continental United States came via Santo Domingo to the San Miguel de Gualdape colony (most likely in the Winyah Bay area of present-day South Carolina). It was created by Spanish explorer Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón in 1526.

The colony was almost immediately disrupted by a fight over leadership. During the fight, the slaves revolted, and they ran away from the colony to hide among local Native Americans. De Ayllón and many of the colonists died shortly after from a sickness. The colony was abandoned. The settlers and the slaves who didn't run away went back to Haiti, from where they came.

On August 28, 1565, St. Augustine, Florida was created by the Spanish conquistador Don Pedro Menendez de Aviles. He brought three African slaves with him. During the 16th and 17th centuries, St. Augustine was the where a lot of the slave trade in Spanish colonial Florida happened. It was the first permanent settlement in the continental United States to have African slaves.

60 years later, in the early years of the Chesapeake Bay settlements, colonial officials found it difficult to convince people to come and work for them. This was because the weather and environment of the settlements was very harsh. There was a very high chance that people would die. Most people came from Great Britain as indentured laborers. They signed contracts that said they would pay with work for their transportation, their upkeep, and their training, usually on a farm. The colonies had agricultural economies. These people were often young people who wanted to become permanent residents. In some cases, convicted criminals were sent to the colonies as indentured laborers, rather than being sent to prison. These people were not slaves, but they were required to work for four to seven years in Virginia to pay for the cost of their transportation and maintenance. Many Germans, Scots-Irish, and Irish came to the colonies in the 18th century, settling in the backcountry of Pennsylvania and further south.

The first 19 or so Africans to reach the English colonies arrived in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1619. They were brought by English privateers who had seized them from a captured Portuguese slave ship. Slaves were usually baptized in Africa before sending them. As English custom then considered baptized Christians exempt from slavery, colonists treated these Africans as indentured servants. The African indentured servants joined about 1,000 English indentured servants already in the colony. The Africans were freed after a period of time. They were also given the use of land and supplies by their former masters. 

There were no laws about slavery in Virginia's early history. However, in 1640, a Virginia court sentenced John Punch, an African, to slavery. This was because he tried to run away from his service. He ran away with two white people. The two white people were sentenced only to one more year of their indenture, and three years' service to the colony. This is the first legal sanctioning of slavery in the English colonies. It was one of the first legal distinctions made between Europeans and Africans.

In 1641, Massachusetts became the first colony to allow slavery through law. Massachusetts passed the Body of Liberties. It banned slavery in many cases, but it allowed slaves to be held if they were prisoners of war, if they sold themselves into slavery or were bought somewhere else, or if they were sentenced to slavery as punishment by the government. The Body of Liberties used the word "strangers" to refer to people bought and sold as slaves; they were generally not English subjects. Colonists believed this term referred to Native Americans and Africans.

During most of the British colonial period, slavery existed in all the colonies. Slaves in the North usually worked as house servants, artisans, laborers, and craftsmen. Most were in cities. Many men worked on the docks and in shipping. In 1703, more than 42 percent of New York City households had slaves. New York City had the second-highest proportion of slaves of any city in the colonies after Charleston, South Carolina. Slaves were also used as agricultural workers in farming communities. This included areas of upstate New York and Long Island, Connecticut, and New Jersey. By 1770 there were 397,924 Blacks in a population of 2.17 million. They were not spread out evenly. There were 14,867 in New England where they were 2.7% of the population; 34,679 in the mid-Atlantic colonies where they were 6% of the population (19,000 were in New York or 11%); and 347,378 in the five southern colonies where they were 31% of the population.

The South developed an agricultural economy. It relied on commodity crops. Its planters quickly got more slaves. This was because its commodity crops were labor-intensive.

While there were some African slaves that were kept and sold in England, slavery in Great Britain had not been allowed by statute there. In 1772, it was made unenforceable at common law in England and Wales by a legal decision. The big British role in the international slave trade continued until 1807. Slavery continued in most of Britain's colonies. Many rich slave owners lived in England and had a lot of power.
In early 1775 Lord Dunmore, royal governor of Virginia, wrote to Lord Dartmouth. He wrote he was going to free slaves owned by Patriots in case they rebelled. On November 7, 1775, Lord Dunmore issued Lord Dunmore's Proclamation which declared martial law. He promised freedom for any slaves of American patriots who would leave their masters and join the royal forces. Slaves owned by Loyalist masters, however, were not going to be freed by Dunmore's Proclamation. About 1500 slaves owned by Patriots ran away and joined Dunmore's forces. Most died of disease before they could do any fighting. Three hundred of these freed slaves made it to freedom in Britain.

Many slaves used the war to run away from their plantations. They would run into cities or woods. In South Carolina, nearly 25,000 slaves (30% of the total enslaved population) ran away, migrated, or died during the war. In the South, many slaves died, with many due to escapes. Slaves also escaped throughout New England and the mid-Atlantic, joining the British who had occupied New York.

Slaves and free blacks also fought with the rebels during the Revolutionary War. Washington allowed slaves to be freed who fought with the American Continental Army. Rhode Island started enlisting slaves in 1778. Rhode Island promised money to owners whose slaves enlisted and lived to gain freedom. During the course of the war, about one fifth of the northern army was black. In 1781, Baron Closen, a German officer in the French Royal Deux-Ponts Regiment at the Battle of Yorktown, estimated the American army to be about one-quarter black. These men included both former slaves and free blacks.

In the 18th century, Britain became the world's biggest slave trader. Starting in 1777, the Patriots made importing slaves illegal state by state. They all acted to end the international trade. However, it was later reopened in South Carolina and Georgia. In 1807 Congress acted on President Jefferson's advice and made importing slaves from other countries a federal crime, as the Constitution permitted, starting January 1, 1808.
In the United States in the early nineteenth century, owners of female slaves could freely and legally use them as sexual objects. This is similar to the free use of female slaves on slave ships by the crews.

"Fancy" was a code word that meant the girl or young woman was able to be used for or trained for sexual use. Sometimes, children were also abused like this. The sale of a 13-year-old "nearly a fancy" is documented.

Furthermore, females who were able to become pregnant were supposed to be kept pregnant, so they could make more slaves to sell. The differences in skin color found in the United States make it obvious how often black women were impregnated by whites. For example, in the 1850 Census, 75.4% of "free negros" in Florida were described as mulattos, of mixed race. Nevertheless, it is only very recently, with DNA studies, that any sort of reliable number can be provided, and the research has only begun. Light-skinned girls, who contrasted with the darker field workers, were preferred.

Some slave owners were black. An African former indentured servant who settled in Virginia in 1621, Anthony Johnson, became one of the earliest documented slave owners in the American colonies. This was documented when he won a civil lawsuit to own a man named John Casor. In 1830, there were 3,775 black slave owners in the South. They owned a total of 12,760 slaves. 80% of the black slave owners lived in Louisiana, South Carolina, Virginia, and Maryland.








Nebraska Territory

The Territory of Nebraska was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It existed from May 30, 1854, until March 1, 1867, when the part of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Nebraska. The Nebraska Territory was created by the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. The territorial capitol was Omaha. The territory included areas of what is today Nebraska, Wyoming, South Dakota, North Dakota, Colorado, and Montana.


Hancock County, Mississippi

Hancock County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 46,053 people lived there. Its county seat is Bay St. Louis. The county was created in 1812. It is named for Founding Father John Hancock.

The county is along the Gulf of Mexico and the state line with Louisiana.

Holmes County, Mississippi

Holmes County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,000 people lived there. Its county seat is Lexington.

Humphreys County, Mississippi

Humphreys County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,785 people lived there. Its county seat is Belzoni.

Issaquena County, Mississippi

Issaquena County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 1,338 people lived there. Its county seat is Mayersville.

Itawamba County, Mississippi

Itawamba County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 23,863 people lived there. Its county seat is Fulton.

The county has a total area of .

Jackson County, Mississippi

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 143,252 people lived there which makes it the fifth-most populous county in Mississippi. Its county seat is Pascagoula.

The county was founded in 1812 and named for Andrew Jackson, general in the United States Army and afterward President of the United States.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (31%) is water. It is the largest county in Mississippi by total area.





Jasper County, Mississippi

Jasper County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 16,367 people lived there. Its county seats are Bay Springs and Paulding.

Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi

Jefferson Davis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 11,321 people lived there. Its county seat is Prentiss. The county was founded on March 31, 1906. It is named in honor of Mississippi Senator and Confederate President Jefferson Davis.


Kemper County, Mississippi

Kemper County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 8,988 people lived there. Its county seat is De Kalb.

Lafayette County, Mississippi

Lafayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 55,813 people lived there. Its county seat is Oxford.

Union County, Mississippi

Union County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 27,777 people lived there. Its county seat is New Albany.

The county has a total area of .

Lamar County, Mississippi

Lamar County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 64,222 people lived there. Its county seat is Purvis.

Smith County, Mississippi

Smith County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 14,209 people lived there. Its county seat is Raleigh.

Raleigh, Mississippi

Raleigh is a town in, and the county seat of, Smith County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,094 at the 2020 census, making it the largest town in Smith County.

Gainesville, Texas

Gainesville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Cooke County.

Lauderdale County, Mississippi

Lauderdale County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 72,984 people lived there. Its county seat is Meridian. The county was founded in 1833. It is named for Colonel James Lauderdale, who was killed at the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812.

Songtsen Gampo

Songtsen Gampo (Tibetan: སྲོང་བཙན་སྒམ་པོ, "srong btsan sgam po;" 569–649) or Songzan Ganbu (), was the 33rd Tibetan king and founder of the Tibetan Empire.

He helped introduce Buddhism to Tibet. He had a Nepali wife named Bhrikuti and a Tang wife named Princess Wencheng. Both of them were Buddhists. He also helped invent the Tibetan alphabet and made Classical Tibetan the official language of Tibet at the time.

He may have been born in 569 or 605. Tibet used their own calendar so we are still trying to figure it out.

Songtsen Gampo was born at Gyama in Meldro, northeast of modern Lhasa. His dad was the Yarlung king Namri Songtsen. The book "The Holder of the White Lotus" says Gampo was the human form (incarnation) of the Avalokiteśvara. Dalai Lamas are also thought to be human forms of the Avalokitesvara. In the 11th century, Buddhists started calling him a cakravartin and incarnation of Avalokiteśvara.

Some Dunhuang documents say Gampo had a sister Sad-mar-kar and a younger brother. His younger brother was betrayed and died in a fire after 641. There may have been fighting between his sister and brother.

Songtsen Gampo's mother was part of the Tsépong clan ("Tibetan Annals"). She helped unify Tibet. Her name is Driza Tökarma ("the Bri Wife [named] White Skull Woman", "Tibetan Annals").

According to Tibetan tradition, Songtsen Gampo became king when 13 after his father was poisoned around 618. He was the 33rd king of the Yarlung Dynasty. He was born in the Ox year. Yarlung kings usually took throne at 13. This accords with the tradition that the Yarlung kings took the throne when they were 13, when they were old enough to ride a horse. If this is true, then Gampo may have been born in the Ox year 605 CE. The "Old Book of Tang" confirms that he "was still a minor when he succeeded to the throne."

Gampo had six wives. Five are listed:


In Tibetan tradition, these last two wives helped bring Buddhism to Tibet. The two great influences on Tibetan Buddhism are Indo-Nepali and Han Buddhism.

Gampo's son, Gungsong Gungtsen, died before his father. So Gampo's son, Mangsong Mangtsen, took the throne. His mother may have been Wencheng or Mangmoje Trikar. Trikar is mentioned in "Genealogy," in a hidden library in the caves in Dunhuang, and the "Tibetan Annals", which list the names of the Tibetan emperors, their mothers, and their clans.

Some sources tell a different story. When Gungsong Gungtsen turned 13 (nowadays 12 as Tibet used a different calendar), his dad Gampo retired, so Gungsong ruled for five years. They say Gungsong married 'A-zha Mang-mo-rje when he was thirteen, and they had a son, Mangsong Mangtsen (r. 650-676 CE). Gungsong then died when he was 18. His dad Gampo then took the throne again. Gungsong Gungtsen may be buried at Donkhorda, the site of the royal tombs, to the left of his grandfather Namri Songtsen (gNam-ri Srong-btsan). The dates for these events are very unclear.

Songtsen Gampo sent Thonmi Sambhota to India to create a new alphabet for Classical Tibetan. This led to the first written works, literature, and constitution.

He brought new culture and tech to Tibet.

The "Old Book of Tang" ("Jiu Tangshu" 旧唐书) says in 648 a northern Indian army attacked some some Tang Chinese (including Wang Xuanze). So with the Nepali and Tang, Gampo helped defeat the army and protect the Chinese. In 649, the Tang Emperor Gaozong, a fellow Buddhist, gave him the title "Binwang", "Guest King" or "Zongwang", "Cloth-tribute King" and 3,000 rolls of colorful silk. Gaozong also gave Gampo "silkworms' eggs, mortars and presses for making wine, and workmen to manufacture paper and ink."

Tools and astrology was imported from Tang and the Western Xia; the dharma and the art of writing came from India; treasures from the Nepalis and the Mongols; laws from the Uyghurs of the Turkic Khaganate to the North.

Gampo brought Buddhism to the Tibetan people. He built many Buddhist temples During his reign, people began translating Buddhist texts from Sanskrit into Tibetan.

He defeated the Sumpa in northeastern Tibet around 627 ("Tibetan Annals" ["OTA"] l. 2).
He may have conquered the Zhangzhung (around northern India, western Tibet), or that may have happened after he died. The "Old Book of Tang" say that in 634, the Yangtong (the Zhangzhung) and various Qiang peoples "altogether submitted to him."

He then unified Yangtong, defeated the 'Azha (Tuyuhun), and then conquered two more Qiang tribes before threatening Songzhou with an army of more than 200,000 men.

He conquered the Tangut people (who later formed the Western Xia in 942), the Bailang, and Qiang tribes. The Bailang people were west of the Tanguts and east of the Domi. The Tang previously ruled them since 624.

The "Old Book of Tang" says: Naling Deva's father was king of 泥婆羅 Nepal (Licchavi kingdom) died. The king died, and then Naling Deva's uncle took over. "The Tibetans gave [Naling Deva] refuge and reestablished him on his throne [in 641]; that is how he became subject to Tibet."

The Tibetans traveled to Nepal, and the Naling Deva was happy. Then the Tibetans were attacked by the northern Indian king Harsha. So Naling Deva helped Tibet defeat Harsha's army. Gampo then married Princess Bhrikuti, daughter of Naling Deva.

The "Jiu Tangshu" records that Gampo sent the first embassy from Tibet to the Tang in 634 CE. It was a "tribute mission" with Tibet giving gifts to the Tang. He gave gifts of gold and silk to the Tang emperor and asked for a Tang princess in marriage in return (heqin). Tang said no. So he attacked Songzhou (part of Tang) in 637 and 638. But he then gave up and said sorry. He asked for a wife again, and this time the Tang said yes. And so he married Wencheng, niece of Emperor Taizong of Tang. So there was peace between the Tang and Tibetan empires of China.

Both wives Wencheng and Bhrikuti are considered to be Tara, the Goddess of Compassion and female Chenrezig:

Gampo built a city for Wencheng and a palace just for her.

Chinese monk Xuanzang visited Harsha. Harsha then sent some people to China. China then sent Wang Xuanze and some others back. They traveled through Tibet. Their journey is written in stuff at northern India (Rajgir and Bodhgaya).

Harsha was then overthrown by Arjuna. In 648 Wang Xuanze made a second journey, but Arjuna treated him badly. So the Tibetans and Nepalese defeated Arjuna.

So in 649, Chinese emperor Tang Gaozong rewarded Gampo with the title of King of Xinhai Jun (Himalayan plateau, China).

Gampo died in 649. In 650, the Tang emperor sent an envoy with a "letter of mourning and condolences". Gampo's tomb is in the Chongyas Valley near Yalung, 13 m high and 130 m long.

2019 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2019 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. The North Indian Ocean cyclone season has no official bounds, but cyclones tend to form between April and December, with two peaks in activity in May and November. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northern Indian Ocean. The season's first named storm, Pabuk, entered the basin on January 4, becoming the earliest-forming cyclonic storm of the North Indian Ocean on record.

The season currently contains 3 depressions, 3 deep depressions, 3 cyclonic storms and 2 very severe cyclonic storms.

Due to the presence of an weak El Niño to continue through the season, the season's first named storm, Pabuk, entered the basin on January 4, becoming the earliest-forming cyclonic storm of the North Indian Ocean on record, tying with 2014 season. The second Cyclonic Storm of the season was formed, Fani on April 26. Fani became an extremely severe cyclonic storm on April 30, reaching an Category 4-equivalent tropical cyclone on the Saffir-Simpson Scale, then made landfall in India killing 89 people between Odisha and Bangladesh; Fani caused $1.812 billion in damages. In early June, a strong pulse of the Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO), led to the development of the third cyclonic storm, Vayu, which formed June 10 in the Arabian Sea, near the Maldives. The storm subsequently intensified into a very severe cyclonic storm on June 12, after moving northwestward towards northwestern India and Pakistan.

Deal barracks bombing

The Deal barracks bombing was an attack on the Royal Marine Depot in Deal, Kent, England on 22 September 1989. The Provisional Irish Republican Army used a time bomb to kill 11 military bandsmen.

Tropical Storm Pabuk (2019)

Tropical Storm Pabuk, also referred to as Cyclonic Storm Pabuk, was a weak storm that hit the Malay Peninsula in January 2019. It was also the earliest storm in both the Western Pacific and North Indian Ocean basins on record. Forming on the last day of 2018, Pabuk went into 2019 and crossed into the North Indian Ocean basin several days later. The first storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon and North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons, Pabuk first appeared as a tropical disturbance in the South China Sea on December 28, 2018, which organized into a tropical depression on December 31.

A tropical disturbance formed over the southern portion of the South China Sea on December 28, 2018, absorbing the remnants of on December 30. Under high vertical wind shear, the low-pressure area remained messy until December 31 when it was upgraded to a tropical depression by both the JMA and the JTWC.

Under good conditions, including warm sea surface temperatures, good outflow but strong vertical wind shear, Pabuk did not manage to intensify further for
another two days until it started to move west-northwestward and entered the Gulf of Thailand on January 3, where vertical wind shear was slightly weaker.

Soon after Pabuk crossed over into the basin, the IMD started to make warnings on the storm, making Pabuk the earliest-forming cyclonic storm for this basin, as well as the first cyclonic storm with a name originally assigned by RSMC Tokyo. Over the few days days, Pabuk continued moved west-northwestward, before weakening into a well-marked low on January 7. The system's remnant low then turned to the northeast. Finally, it disappeared on January 8.

The storm caused 10 deaths in total, and total damages were estimated to be ~$157.2 million (2019 USD).

On Thailand, 8 of the 10 people were killed with many trees downed. Elsewhere, many people were forced to evacuate coastal areas of Thailand. In Bangkok, rain and storm surge flooded roads in the large city. Pabuk killed 8 people in Thailand, including one Russian tourist.


United States Naval Research Laboratory

The United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) is the corporate research laboratory for the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps. It conducts basic scientific research, applied research, technological development and prototyping.

Mobility as a service

Mobility as a Service (MaaS) is transportation that you can buy but do not have to own.

For example, you can pay an Uber car to pick you up, but you do not own that car.

Or you can pay for a city bike to travel around the city, but you do not own the bike.

In each case, you pay for the transportation.

Public buses, taxis, subways, high-speed rail, and airplanes are already forms of MaaS.

MaaS is already becoming popular around the world from the US, Europe, Japan, Korea, to China.

Examples include

MaaS may decrease how many people own cars. This is already the case in China, where more than half of the population do not have cars--they just do not need it.

MaaS can decrease traffic.

Uber, Tesla, General Motors, Waymo, Apple, and Local Motors are building self-driving vehicles (or autonomous vehicles, AVs).

Self-driving cars could take people where they wanted to go at a lower cost than a taxi or ridesharer. It could help benefit the environment, make transportation faster, and even improve healthcare.

Khazars

The Khazars were a semi-nomadic Turkic people. They formed an empire called Khazaria in Russia from the 6th to 10th century CE. They came from the Western Turkic Khaganate of the Eurasian steppe, after it was conquered by Tang China.

Khazaria was an international trading center. It was an important place on the Silk Road that linked China, the Middle East, and the Kievan Rus'. For three centuries (c. 650–965) the Khazars conquered the area from the Volga-Don steppes to Crimea and the Caucasus.

Khazaria was between the Byzantine Empire, the steppe nomads, and the Umayyad Caliphate. It helped Byzantine defend itself from the Sasanian Persian empire. The alliance ended around 900. Between 965 and 969, the Kievan Rus replaced Khazaria.

Tengrism may have been the main religion, as it was for the Huns and Turkic peoples. Abrahamic religions were also popular. The ruling class may have converted to Judaism in the 8th century.

Some people think that the Cossacks, Muslim Kumyks, Kazakhs, and some Jews, like the Ashkenazi Jews, descended from the Khazars. Some disagree.

Khazar or "Xazar" may have come from *Qasar. The Turkic root "qaz-" means "to ramble, to roam" (used in Qazaqsa or Kazakh). It is similar to the Common Turkic "kez-".

Others say it is from "qas-" ("tyrannize, oppress, terrorize") because it is similar to the Uyghur name Qasar.

Others think it is a person or tribe's name. For example the Chinese name Kesa for "Khazars" may be one of the tribal names of the Uyğur Toquz Oğuz (of the Gokturks), namely the "Gésà". But others say Kesa was not a tribal name but the name of the chief of the 思结 "Sijie" tribe of the Toquz Oğuz. Also in Middle Chinese the name "Khazars" always comes before the word "Tūjué" ("Tūjué Kěsà bù": 突厥可薩部; "Tūjué Hésà": 突厥曷薩).

Khazar language is extinct. But modern Turkic languages still refer to the Caspian Sea as the "Khazar Sea".

No known records of the Khazar language survive. The state was polyglot (spoke multiple languages) and polyethnic. The ruling elite probably spoke an eastern dialect of Shaz Turkic. The ordinary people may have spoken Lir Turkic, such as Oğuric, Bulğaric, Chuvash, and Hunnish. The Persian historian al-Iṣṭakhrī said that the Khazar language was different from any other known language.

After the Khazars became Jewish they may have written in the Hebrew alphabet. Though they spoke a Türkic language, they may have also spoke Hebrew.

They appear to have came from Mongolia or northern China after the Xiōngnú (Huns) were defeated by Han dynasty of China (Han–Xiongnu war). The tribes probably had Iranian, proto-Mongolic, Uralic, and Palaeo-Siberian people.

The Turkic tribes may have conquered the Western Eurasian steppe as early as 463.

In 552, they conquered the Rouran Khaganate and moved westwards, taking more people from Sogdia.

The ruling family may have came from the Āshǐnà (阿史那) clan of the West Türkic tribes. The Chinese and Arabic records are almost identical, indicating strong support for this theory. The leader may have been Yǐpíshèkuì (乙毗射匱). He died around 651. Moving west, the Khazars reached Akatziroi, one of the important friends of Byzantium fighting Attila's army.

Khazaria began after 630. It came from the Göktürk Qağanate, after it was crushed by Tang China between 630–650.

Göktürk armies conquered Volga by 549. The Āshǐnà clan whose tribal name was 'Türk' ("the strong one") arrived in 552. They overthrew the Rourans and created the Göktürk Qağanate.

The Chinese Tang Dynasty defeated the Turkic Qağanate and established the Anxi protectorate (Tang dynasty in Inner Asia). The Khaganate split into many tribes. Some tribes went west to the Sea of Azov area. Ashina and the Khazars went further west.

In 657, General Sū Dìngfāng (蘇定方) dominated the Turks and Central Asia. They imposed Chinese overlordship to the east of those Turkic tribes. In 659 the Chinese defeated the remaining tribes. The Khazars did not dare return.

Instead the Khazars defeated the Bulgars further west.

And so the Khazars Qaganate was born, from the ruins of a nomadic empire destroyed by the Tang armies to the east. It became the westernmost successor state of the Gokturks.

The Khazars conquered the lower Volga region and the area between the Danube and the Dniepr. In 670, they also conquered the Onoğur-Bulğar union and made the Onogur-Bulgar language the official language of the empire (lingua franca).

The empire is sometimes called a 'steppe Atlantis' ("stepnaja Atlantida," Степная Атлантида).

Historians often call this period the Pax Khazarica. The state became an international center of trade.

Ibn al-Balḫî wrote in "Fârsnâma" (c. 1100) that the Sasanian Shah (ruler), Ḫusraw 1, Anûsîrvân, said there were three kings who had as much power as he did: the King of China, the King of Byzantium, and the king of the Khazars.

Eminem singles discography

This is the discography of the American rapper Eminem.

Batam

Batam (also called Batam City) is an industrial city in the province of Riau Islands, Indonesia. Over 1 million people live in it. It is the biggest city in Riau Islands, and the third biggest city in Sumatra. It is part of the Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand and Indonesia-Malaysia-Singapore free-trade zone.

The city administrative covers an area of 3 big islands with some small islands surround them. The 3 big islands are Batam, Rempang, and Galang. The islands are conected by bridges called Barelang Bridges () that is a short name for Batam-Rempang-Galang Bridges.

Republic of Upper Volta

Republic of Upper Volta is an old name for the country in Africa which is known as Burkina Faso today. It was a French colony, which became independent in 1960. Upper Volta existed as a French colony from 1918 to 1932. In 1932, it was disbanded, and its territory was shared between the neighboring countries, French Sudan, Niger and Ivory Coast. In 1947, Upper Volta was restored, with its former borders.

Spaceship Earth

Spaceship Earth (or Spacecraft Earth or Spaceship Planet Earth) is a world view encouraging everyone on Earth to act as a harmonious crew working toward the greater good.

The earliest known use is a passage in Henry George's best known work, "Progress and Poverty" (1879).
From book IV, chapter 2: 
It is a well-provisioned ship, this on which we sail through space. If the bread and beef above decks seem to grow scarce, we but open a hatch and there is a new supply, of which before we never dreamed. And very great command over the services of others comes to those who as the hatches are opened are permitted to say, "This is mine!"

George Orwell later paraphrases Henry George in "The Road to Wigan Pier":
The world is a raft sailing through space with, potentially, plenty of provisions for everybody; the idea that we must all cooperate and see to it that everyone does his fair share of the work and gets his fair share of the provisions seems so blatantly obvious that one would say that no one could possibly fail to accept it unless he had some corrupt motive for clinging to the present system.

In 1965 Adlai Stevenson made a famous speech to the UN in which he said:

We travel together, passengers on a little space ship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil; all committed for our safety to its security and peace; preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work, and, I will say, the love we give our fragile craft. We cannot maintain it half fortunate, half miserable, half confident, half despairing, half slave—to the ancient enemies of man—half free in a liberation of resources undreamed of until this day. No craft, no crew can travel safely with such vast contradictions. On their resolution depends the survival of us all.

The following year, "Spaceship Earth" became the title of a book by a friend of Stevenson's, the internationally influential economist Barbara Ward.

Also in 1966, Kenneth E. Boulding, who was influenced by reading Henry George, used the phrase in the title of an essay, "The Economics of the Coming Spaceship Earth". Boulding described the past open economy of apparently illimitable resources, which he said he was tempted to call the "cowboy economy", and continued: "The closed economy of the future might similarly be called the 'spaceman' economy, in which the earth has become a single spaceship, without unlimited reservoirs of anything, either for extraction or for pollution, and in which, therefore, man must find his place in a cyclical ecological system".

The phrase was also popularized by Buckminster Fuller, who published a book in 1968 under the title of "Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth". This quotation, referring to fossil fuels, reflects his approach: 
…we can make all of humanity successful through science's world-engulfing industrial evolution provided that we are not so foolish as to continue to exhaust in a split second of astronomical history the orderly energy savings of billions of years' energy conservation aboard our Spaceship Earth. These energy savings have been put into our Spaceship's life-regeneration-guaranteeing bank account for use only in self-starter functions.

United Nations Secretary-General U Thant spoke of Spaceship Earth on Earth Day March 21, 1971 at the ceremony of the ringing of the Japanese Peace Bell: "May there only be peaceful and cheerful Earth Days to come for our beautiful Spaceship Earth as it continues to spin and circle in frigid space with its warm and fragile cargo of animate life."

Spaceship Earth is the name given to the diameter geodesic sphere that greets visitors at the entrance of Walt Disney World's Epcot theme park. Housed within the sphere is a dark ride that serves to explore the history of communications and promote Epcot's founding principles, "[a] belief and pride in man's ability to shape a world that offers hope to people everywhere." A previous incarnation of the ride, narrated by actor Jeremy Irons and revised in 2008, was explicit in its message:

Like a grand and miraculous spaceship, our planet has sailed through the universe of time, and for a brief moment, we have been among its many passengers….We now have the ability and the responsibility to build new bridges of acceptance and co-operation between us, to create a better world for ourselves and our children as we continue our amazing journey aboard Spaceship Earth.

David Deutsch has pointed out that the picture of Earth as a friendly "spaceship" habitat is difficult to defend even in a metaphorical sense. The Earth environment is harsh and survival is a constant struggle for life, including for whole species trying to avoid extinction. Humans wouldn't be able to live in most of the areas where they are living now without the knowledge necessary to build life-support systems such as houses, heating, water supply, etc.

The term "Spaceship Earth" is frequently used on the labels of Emanuel Bronner's products to refer to the Earth.


Mutesa II of Buganda

Sir Edward Frederick William David Walugembe Mutebi Luwangula Muteesa II (19 November 1924 – 21 November 1969) was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda from 22 November 1939 until his death. He was the thirty-fifth Kabaka of Buganda and the first President of Uganda. The foreign press often referred to him as King Freddie, a name rarely used in Uganda

Er Wang San Ke

Erwang Sanke (二王三恪) or "the two crownings and the three respects" is something Chinese emperors did to honor the previous dynasty. For example the Sui dynasty came directly before the Tang. So the Tang may honor descendants of the Sui royal family. The Tang would do this by giving these Sui descendants land to rule over. The Tang said you can control these lands and use laws of the previous Sui dynasty if you wish. There may also be a sacrifice at a religious place.

This was done to show respect to previous dynasties. This was also to make a peaceful transition of power.

It has been done in every major Chinese dynasty from the Xia to the Qing.

Sometimes people would pretend to be the descendants of the previous dynasty just to get this benefit.

Er wang 二王 means two rulers. This refers to the current ruler and the previous ruler.

San ke 三恪 means three respects. This could refer to how this was done for the first three generation descendants of the previous ruler (their children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren).

NEC

NEC was the world's fourth biggest PC manufacturer by 1990. Its NEC Semiconductors business unit was the global semiconductor sales leader between 1985 and 1990, the second largest in 1995, one of the top three in 2000, and one of the top 10 in 2006. It was still one of the top 20 semiconductor sales leaders before merging with Renesas Electronics. NEC is a member of the Sumitomo Group.

NEC was #463 on the 2017 Fortune 500 list.


Neoconservatism

Neoconservatism (often shortened as neocon) is a form of American conservatism that emphasizes an aggressive American foreign policy. It started in the United States during the 1960s. Neocons supported the Vietnam war, but disliked the Democratic party, Great Society, and the New Left.

Neoconservative sometimes refers to people who started as anti-Stalinists and then became American conservatives during the 1960s and 1970s.

Some neocons are Republicans, like the presidents between from the 1970s to the 2000s. For example, George W. Bush started the 2003 invasion of Iraq. His neocon advisors include Paul Wolfowitz, Elliott Abrams, Richard Perle, and Paul Bremer. Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld are also often said to be Neocons. They supported the defence of Israel during the Second Intifada and the American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Very few of those people actually called themselves Neoconservatives though. Some people who call themselves Neoconservatives are Douglas Murray and Reihan Salaam.

Neocon started in the 60s with Jewish magazine "Commentary", edited by Norman Podhoretz and published by the American Jewish Committee. They opposed the New Left and thus started the neocon movement.

Han Buddhism

Han Buddhism () or Chinese buddhism refers to Buddhism written in Chinese characters (hanzi) or that of the East Asian cultural sphere. It is one of the three main existing schools of Buddhism: the other two are Tibetan Buddhism and Theravada. It is mainly practiced in China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam. It has had a great impact on East Asian culture.

Like Tibetan Buddhism, Han Buddhism comes from Mahayana, the branch of Buddhism written mainly in Sanskrit and from northern Gandhara (modern-day Pakistan).

Han Buddhism has a lot of interaction between Buddhism and Taoism.

There are legends that Laozi was the Buddha himself, or that the Buddha came from the Tibetan kingdom of Zhangzhung. There are other legends that Buddhism had existed in China since ancient times (before the Qin dynasty).

The Shiji 《》has a section called「禁不得祠」(jin bude ci). It says:

“徙謫，實之初縣。禁不得祠。明星出西方。”

In the 20th century, Japanese scholar Fujita Toyohachi () said Buddhism entered China during the Qin dynasty. The word 不得 (pinyin: "bude"; rough pronunciation: boo-duh) is pronounced nearly exactly like the Sanskrit word "Buddha". It was used to write down Buddha in the Chinese language. Others (like ) disagreed. Moreover it is unlikely 得 would be used to transliterate. And based on the evolution of Chinese tones, 不得 would sound something like putug ( says “不得” is [pɯtɯːɡ]).

It is generally believed Buddhism was introduced during the (Western, before 1 BC) Han dynasty. It came from the western regions and Silk Road.

According to the Weilüe《‧西戎傳》、《‧釋老志》and other records, Emperor Ai of Han's men gave the people the Pagoda Sutra《浮屠经》。

In 67, Emperor Ming of Han dreamed of the "Golden People". He sent people to meet monks in the western regions. These monks brought back more Buddhist texts. He built the White horse temple () and translated 42 chapters of the scripture 《》。

There is one account that Emperor Ming of Han (28–75 CE) helped introduce Buddhism into China. The (3rd - 5th century) "Mouzi Lihuolun" says:Ming then sent people to Tianzhu (Southern India) to learn more. Buddhist scriptures returned to China on the backs of white horses, after which White Horse Temple was named. Two Indian monks also returned with them, named Dharmaratna and Kaśyapa Mātaṅga.

Whether Emperor Ming actually dreamed of Golden people is debated. However scholars agree that around his time Buddhism arrived from the xiyu.

A Parthian prince named An Shigao traveled to China and helped translate some Indian texts into Chinese.

In 167 some Yuezhi (tribes of Central Asia) also helped translate some stuff.

During this time, Mahayana Buddhism became popular in China. The Han would then "sinicize" it to turn it into Han Buddhism.

In Chongqing an ancient Yao Qian Shu (money tree artifact) was dug up. A Buddha was sitting on it. It said it was made in the fourth year of Yan guang (125 CE). This is the earliest known bronze Buddha found in China. There is another early Buddha sculpture in Sichuan above a grave.

The Sarvastivadinns, Dharmaguptakas, and other schools were important for Han Buddhism.

Some Chinese thought Buddhism was harmful to the authority of the government, that Buddhists did help improve the economy, that Buddhism was barbaric and did not deserve to be part of Chinese culture. However, others mixed Buddhism with Taoism. The two went well together. Both encourage meditation. And so Buddhist ideas were used in Taoism and vice versa.

Around this time, Han Buddhism began spreading to Korea, Japan, and Vietnam. It was already popular in South China.

China controlled Kucha, a Buddhist kingdom in Xinjiang. They imprisoned Kumarajiva but released him in 401 because he was good at Buddhism.

He became influential in Han Buddhism.

Emperor Yao Xing of the state of Later Qin liked him.

He made a number of good translations (from AD 402–413).

This includes the "Diamond Sutra", the "Amitabha Sutra", the "Lotus Sutra", the "Vimalakīrti Nirdeśa Sūtra", the "Mūlamadhyamakakārikā", and the "Aṣṭasāhasrikā Prajñāpāramitā Sūtra".

In the 5th century, the Chán (Zen) teachings began in China. Bodhidharma, a legend, started it.

The school follows the "Laṅkāvatāra Sūtra" and "Diamond Sūtra (Vajracchedikā Prajñāpāramitā Sūtra) ." It was also called the "One Vehicle School."

They were famous for their "encounter stories" and koans and their teaching methods. Nan Huai-Chin says: 

During the Tang dynasty and 629 - 645, the monk Xuanzang went to India and visited over one hundred kingdoms. He and wrote about his journey to the west. His writing is important for studying India during this period of time.

He visited many spiritual sites, many spiritual people, and learned a lot of spiritual things. He met Buddhist celebrities.

He returned to China with 657 Sanskrit texts, gifts, statues, and Buddhist souvenirs, all on twenty-two horses.

Xuanzang created a translation center in Chang'an (now Xi'an). It attracted people from all over East Asia. Xuanzang translated 1,330 books into Chinese. His favorite part of Buddhism was Yogācāra, or "Consciousness-only".

During this time, Han Chan Buddhism became popular in Japan.

During the Song dynasty, Chán (禪) was used by the government to strengthen its control over the country. Chán became the most popular type of Chinese Buddhism.

During the Yuan dynasty, the Mongol emperors liked Tibetan Buddhism so they hired Tibetan monks as government officials. This caused corruption. Later the Ming dynasty overthrew the Yuan, and Tibetan lamas no longer influenced the court.

The Chan school was so popular that all monks belonged to it. Male and female Chinese buddhists wrote nice poetry during this time.

The Qing supported Tibetan Buddhism.

Around 1900, Buddhists from other Asian countries became interested in Chinese Buddhism. Anagarika Dharmapala visited Shanghai in 1893. He and other Indians tried to get Chinese to help revive Buddhism in India. Japanese Buddhists also visited China. By this point (and perhaps earlier) China had the most Buddhists in the world.

Han Buddhism uses concepts from Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism. They worship the Buddha and Bodhisattvas by giving food, flowers, etc. They are vegans. They believe in god and hell, life after death and karma.


Yuji Naka

Naka learned how to program by copying and debugging video game code printed in magazines. The experience made him want to study assemblers and practice writing code during his school classes. After graduating high school, Naka decided to skip university and stay in his home town.

Around 1983, Naka saw that Sega was looking for programming assistants. He decided to apply. After a short interview, he started working for Sega in April 1984. His first task was designing maps and checking floppy disks for a game called "Road Runner" for the SF-7000. Naka can't remember if the game was ever released. His first major project was a game called "Girl's Garden". He and Hiroshi Kawaguchi created it together as part of their training process.


American exceptionalism

American exceptionalism is the belief that 


The US started from the American Revolutionary War. Martin Lipset calls it the "first new nation". It developed an American set of ideas (Americanism) based on republicanism, democracy, laissez-faire (no government interference in economy), liberty, equality, individualism (importance of individual).

Abraham Lincoln said in the Gettysburg address (1863), that Americans have a responsibility to make sure that the "government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth." 


Cartigny, Switzerland

Cartigny is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


Neoconservatism (Japan)

Neoconservatism in Japan refers to the new generation of Japanese conservatives.

They are nationalistic and think Japan is unique and special.

They think they are not responsible for Japan's conquests and wartime history, Japanese war crimes, the Nanjing Massacre, and the Japanese colonization of Korea.

They want to change the Japanese constitution and remove Article 9. After losing WW2, Japan wrote into its constitution that it is not allowed to wage war. This is Article 9. The USA helped write it because he wanted to prevent Japan from ever attacking the US or any other country like when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. 

However Japanese neoconservatives want to restore the military in that they want to use the Japanese "Self-Defense" Forces to for more than just "self-defense". But this is against Article 9.

Some like Shinzō Abe have visited the Yasukuni Shrine to honor Japanese soldiers who murdered and raped Koreans, Chinese, and other Asians. 

They do not like China and refuse to apologize for Imperial Japan's war crimes. 

They do not like Korea either, North or South. They do not think their relationship with Korea is special. 

Some like Shintaro Ishihara want fewer immigrants. Some want to ban foreigners from voting, and only "Japanese nationals" should have the right. 

Gy, Switzerland

Gy is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland, near the border with France.


Su Dingfang

Su Dingfang (, 591–667) was a leading general of the Tang Dynasty. He won many battles. In 657 he destroyed the Western Turkic Khaganate. This expanded the Tang's western borders to their farthest extent (deep into Central Asia, close to modern Iran). In 660, he also conquered Baekje.

He was born in Wuyi (武邑, modern Hengshui, Hebei).

In spring 657, Emperor Gaozong sent Su Dingfang to attack the Western Turks. He had the following friends to help him:


The Tang took went north. 

Su defeated Chumukun first. 

Su had fewer than 20,000 men. Ashina Helu's army had nearly 100,000 men. Ashina Helu thought he could defeat Su easily. His army ran at Su but could not break through Su's defense: the front line pointed long spears. Su then counterattacked with cavalry, defeating Helu's army and killing and capturing several tens of thousands of men. Helu ran away.

Su kept going. Many tribes of the Western Turks surrendered to Su, including the general Huluwu (胡祿屋), surrendered, and Ashina Helu fled along with his general Qulü (屈律). The rest surrendered to Ashina Buzhen.

Su kept chasing Helu but ran into snow storms. Su's men said maybe they should wait for weather to get better. But Su said that Helu would be surprised if they attacked him. So Su and his army kept going. They joined Mishe and Buzhen, made a surprise attack on Helu, and captured or killed tens of thousands.

But Helu fled to Shi (石國, modern Tashkent, Uzbekistan), a vassal of the Western Turks. 

But Shi did not want to be attacked and defeated by the Tang as well. So they just captured and handed Helu to the Tang. 

And so the Tang conquered the Western Turkic Khaganate and brought Central Asia under Chinese control.

Some Turks escaped west and became the Khazars in Russia. They did not come back.

Su presented Helu to Emperor Gaozong. Gaozong spared Helu and promoted Su to major general. He also made Su the Duke of Xing and made his son Su Qingjie (蘇慶節) the Duke of Wuyi.

Duman (都曼) was a commander of the Izgil tribe (Old Turkic: , Chinese: Sijie 思結), under Tang rule. The Shule (疏勒), Zhujubo (朱俱波), and Yebantuo (謁般陀) were also Turkic kingdoms under Tang rule. They were around Kashgar, Xinjiang. 

In 659 they rebelled against the Tang. Duman got Yutian (于田, in modern Hotan, Xinjiang). 

In winter 659, Gaozong sent Su Dingfang to Xinjiang. Once Su arrived he gathered 10,000 soldiers and 3,000 horsesoldiers and made a surprise attack on Duman. 

Duman was surprised, and after Su defeated Duman, Duman retreated into Yutian. 

Su seiged the city, and Duman surrendered. 

In spring 660, Su took Duman to the eastern capital Luoyang. Su presented Duman to Gaozong. Some wanted Duman to be executed. But Su said Duman should be spared. Gaozong said that by law, Duman should die, but he would respect Su's promise and thus spared Duman.

The "Old Tibetan Annals", written in Classical Tibetan, was discovered at Dunhuang in the early 20th century. It says Su Dingfang fought the Tibetans in 659: 

"Da Rgyal Mang Po Rjes (Dayan Mangbuzhi) fought a battle with Su Dingfang of the Tang at the Dongdai 東岱 (a Tibetan regional administrative unit) of Wuhai 烏海 (southwest of Lake Qinghai). Da Rgyal was killed and his army of 80,000 men was defeated by 1,000 Tang troops."

In spring 660, Tang was allies with Silla, in the Korean Peninsula. Silla was being attacked by Baekje so Silla asked the Tang for help. The Tang sent help.

Emperor Gaozong put Su in charge of the Silla-Tang combined army and navy. He, alongside Silla's King Muyeol, sent 100,000 soldiers to attack Baekje. 

In summer 660, Su left Chengshan (成山, in modern Weihai, Shandong) and crossed the Yellow Sea to Baekje. 

Baekje forces tried to prevent Tang forces from landing, but could not. 

The Tang directly attacked the Baekje capital Sabi and seiged it. Baekje surrendered, and the Tang annexed Baekje. 

In winter 660, Su brought prisoners to Emperor Gaozong in Luoyang. Emperor Gaozong released King Uija and the rest of the captives.

In winter 660, Su Dingfang, Qibi Heli (契苾何力), Liu Boying (劉伯英), Cheng Minzhen, and Silla allies attacked Baekje's ally Goguryeo. 

By fall 661, Su seiged Goguryeo's capital Pyongyang. 

By spring 662, general Pang Xiaotai (龐孝泰) was killed. The Tang withdrew. 

But the Tang later came back with more troops and defeated Goguryeo in 668.

Su died in 667.

Liu Xu, the lead editor of the "Old Book of Tang", said of Su:

Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (8-bit video game)

The Master System version of the game was not released outside Europe and Brazil. The Master System version was released for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2008.

Zhongyuan

Zhongyuan () or the Central Plains are plains in the middle of China. It is southwest of Beijing. The Yellow River goes through it. It is where Chinese civilization originated from.

It is part of the North China Plain.

Since the beginning of recorded history, the Central Plain had central importance to the Middle Kingdom (China 中国).

It was considered the “Center of the World”. It was the capital of the Xia dynasty. The earliest Chinese writing, the Jiahu symbols and Jiagu writing came from here.

"Zhongyuan" is sometimes used to refer to all of Chinese civilization.

Cuphead

Cuphead is a run and gun indie video game developed and published by StudioMDHR. It was announced in 2013. It was released for Microsoft Windows and Xbox One in September 2017. It was released for macOS in October 2018, and for Nintendo Switch in April 2019. The game was inspired by the rubber hose style of animation used in cartoons of the 1930s.

Ben Kuchera of "Polygon" wrote that "Cuphead" was one of the five most interesting games at Microsoft's E3 2014 press conference. Even though he knew little about the game other than its aesthetic. He said it "stood out immediately" and that everyone in the website's press room reacted well to the trailer. "Cuphead" won the "IGN" Best Xbox One game at E3 award in 2015. It won the award for "Best Indie Game" at the Gamescom 2015 Awards. It was also nominated as "Best Independent Game" at the E3 2016 Game Critics Awards.

Many people say that "Cuphead" is a difficult game.
"Entertainment Weekly" said "Cuphead" was fifth on the list of its "Best Games of 2017". GamesRadar said it was ninth on their list of the 25 Best Games of 2017". "Polygon" said it was 14th on their list of the "50 best games of 2017".

A animated series based on the video game, which is titled The Cuphead Show!, was released on February 18, 2021.

Polygon (website)

Polygon is an American video game website that publishes news, culture, reviews, and videos. "Polygon" wanted to focus on the stories of the people making the games instead of the games themselves. They also produced long-form magazine-style feature articles, invested in video content, and chose to let their review scores be updated as the game changed.

Slavic paganism

Slavic paganism describes Slavic pagan beliefs before Christianisation Slavs had their own mythology. Sources about Slavs and their beliefs mainly come from the old Ruthenian chronicles and notes of German bishops. A lot of information is in Helmold's Chronica Sclavorum. There's also Chronicle of Thietmar, and the other chronicles, although they are not the only sources of information about Slavs and their beliefs. There's also for example the diary of a Jewish trader of the Slaves - Ibrahim Ibn Jacob.
The pantheon of gods in Slavic beliefs was large. Some of the most important are:

Some regions had different gods for different concepts. For example, West Slavs (mainly Polabians and Volinians) believed that Svetovid was a creator of the world while eastern ones believed that it was Rod.
Slavs had their own demonology. One of the most well-known demons in Slavic beliefs is Baba Yaga, with the appearance of an ugly and deformed woman. Baba Yaga has counterparts in many European beliefs, such as the German Frau Holle and Italian Befana. There are also a lot of similarities with the Greek mythological witch Circe. There are also :

Polans and other Polish tribes came to the territory of today's Poland, probably in the VIII and IX century, bringing their beliefs on the west. Polans and their beliefs are described in the Primary Chronicle by Ruthenian chronicler Nestor. There are also famous Helmold's Chronica Slavorum and the other chronicles and notes of German bishops, geographs, as well as the old Ruthenian chroniclers and Jewish or Arabian traders of Slavs. The history of paganism as the main religion in Poland ends in the Baptism of Poland in 966, but it is not the end of Slavic paganism. Pagans would not agree to the Christian reforms of Mieszko I and his sons, causing a Pagan Reaction in Poland. There was an uprising of pagans in 1037-1038 (later supressed by Casimir the Restorer). During the uprising, pagans killed priests and destroyed churches. The end of the uprising was not the end of paganism in Poland. Pagans lived in Poland even to the XII century, when the last pagans were Christianised in West Pomerania by bishop Otto from Bamberg and Boleslav III Wrymouth.
The beginnings of Czech statehood were in 895, when there was founded the first Czech country ruled by the Premyslid dynasty. It was pagan until 925, when the country was baptized from the hands of east Franks. Pagan elites knew that it would cause moving them away from power and increased Frankish influence. They rebelled against Vaclav, which failed. The leader of the rebellion was his wife - Drahomira. Although she lost the rebellion, there were still elites that resisted the reigns of Vaclav, so the brother of the Duke Boleslav I organised a coup against him. Probably in 935 during the feast, one of the followers of Boleslav, murdered Vaclav and his brother became the Duke of Bohemia. During his reign there were many pagans, many of which were Christianised after his death. It is unknown when the last Czech pagans were Christianised.
The term "Ruthenia" can refer to Kievan Rus', Novogrodian Rus', or Volynians and other Ruthenian, east Slavic countries and tribes. Paganism survived among the Eastern Slavs the longest time without being baptized. The baptism of Kievan Rus' by the Byzantines, didn't end Paganism in this country, although it caused paganism to become less popular, and many people didn't admit to practicing Slavic beliefs. Vladimir the Great started the mass baptism of people in Dnieper, which didn't end paganism among people. The family of Vladimir was officially baptized, but still practiced paganism for a long time. There still existed Ruthenian tribes that were pagan, for example Volynians or White Croats. The last pagans survived maybe even to the XIII century.
White Serbs, a Slavic tribe from White Serbia first settled in an area near Thessaloniki on the Balkans and in the 6th and early 7th century, established the Serbian Principality. The Serbian rulers adopted the Byzantine Rite in 870. Serbians adopted well to the new religion and, unlike in the countries above, there were not any pagan rebellions against Christianity.



Daphne du Maurier

Dame Daphne du Maurier (13 May 1907 – 19 April 1989) was a British author. She is best known for her books "Jamaica Inn" (1936), "Rebecca" (1938) and "The Birds" (1952).

Yukiya Amano

Amano died on 18 July 2019 at the age of 72.

Don Mossi

Donald Louis Mossi (January 11, 1929 – July 19, 2019) was an American major league pitcher from 1954 to 1965. He was a left-handed control pitcher. He played for the Cleveland Indians (1954–1958), Detroit Tigers (1959–1963), Chicago White Sox (1964) and for the Kansas City Athletics (1965). Mossi was born in St. Helena, California.

Mossi died on July 19, 2019, in Nampa, Idaho at age 90.

St. Helena, California

St. Helena ( ; Wappo: Anakotanoma, "Bull Snake Village") is a city in Napa County, California. The population was 5,430 at the 2020 census.

Peter McNamara

Peter McNamara (5 July 1955 – 20 July 2019) was an Australian tennis player and coach. McNamara won five singles titles and nineteen doubles titles in his career. He won the 1980 and 1982 men's doubles championship at Wimbledon and the Australian Open doubles in 1979. McNamara's highest rank in doubles was No. 3. He was born in Melbourne.

McNamara died on 20 July 2019, at the age of 64, from prostate cancer in Sonthofen, Bavaria, Germany.

Chicago Daily News

The Chicago Daily News was an afternoon daily newspaper in the midwestern United States, published between 1876 and 1978 in Chicago, In 1984, Weston sold his rights to the "Chicago Daily News" trademark to Rupert Murdoch, who, at the time, was owner and publisher of the "Chicago Sun-Times".

Hugo Cóccaro

Hugo Omar Cóccaro (4 May 1954 – July 21 2019) was an Argentine Justicialist Party (PJ) politician. He was Governor of Tierra del Fuego Province from 2005 to 2007. Cóccaro was born in Saladillo, Argentina.

Cóccaro died on 21 July 2019 in Buenos Aires at the age of 65. The cause was cancer.

Antonino Cuffaro

Antonino Cuffaro (21 April 1932 – 20 July 2019) was an Italian politician. He was born in Sambuca di Sicilia, Italy. Cuffaro was a member of the Italian Parliament from 1976 to 1987 and again from 1994 to 1996. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party.

Cuffaro died on 20 July 2019 in Trieste, Italy at the age of 87.

Paul Krassner

Paul Krassner (April 9, 1932 – July 21, 2019) was an American writer and satirist. He was the founder, editor and a contributor to the freethought magazine "The Realist". Krassner became an important figure in the counterculture of the 1960s as a member of Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters. He was a founding member of the Yippies. 

Krassner died on July 21, 2019 in Desert Hot Springs, California at the age of 87.

Desert Hot Springs, California

Desert Hot Springs, also known as DHS, is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. The city is located within the Coachella Valley region. The population was 32,512 at the 2020 census.

Lois Wille

Lois Jean Wille (née Kroeber; September 19, 1931 – July 23, 2019) was an American journalist, editor, and author. She won her first of two Pulitzer Prizes in 1963 for her reports about how the Chicago local government’s failure to have good services to low-income women. 

Her stories led to a number of important policy changes in women’s healthcare, public housing, and the juvenile court systems. She was born in Chicago.

In 1989, she received her second Pulitzer Prize for editorial writing.

Wille died on July 23, 2019 in Chicago from a stroke at the age of 

Republic of China (1912–1949)

The Republic of China (ROC) was a country that existed between 1912 and 1949. It is now the People's Republic of China. It was created in January 1912 after the Xinhai Revolution, which overthrew the Qing dynasty. The Republic's first president was Sun Yat-sen. Sun's party, the Kuomintang (KMT) won the parliamentary election in December 1912. 

But Sun soon gave the position to Yuan Shikai, the leader of the Beiyang Army. The Beiyang Army also controlled the Beiyang government (which controlled Mongolia). 

Between late 1915 and early 1916, Yuan Shikai called himself the Emperor of China. But people did not like it (National protection war). 

After Yuan died in 1916, the Beiyang government was further weakened by a brief restoration of the Qing dynasty. Various groups in the Beiyang Army claimed independence and fought with each other during the Warlord Era.

In 1921, the KMT created a rival government in Canton, supported by the Communist Party of China (CPC), 

North China was overtaxed and had too many fighting warlords. So its economy died between 1927 and 1928. 

General Jiang Jieshi (Chiang Kai-Shek) became the KMT leader after Sun's death. Jiang started the Northern Expedition in 1926 and overthrew the Beiyang government in 1928. In April 1927, Jiang created a nationalist government in Nanjing and massacred Communists in Shanghai. With the support from the USSR. The CPC into armed rebellion, starting the Chinese Civil War.

China experienced industrialization and modernization but suffered conflicts between the Nationalist government in Nanking, the CPC, warlords, and the Empire of Japan. 

Eventually the Chinese unified to fight against their common enemy: the Japanese. In 1937 the Imperial Japanese Army invaded China in 1937. The Second Sino-Japanese War began.

In August of 1945, Japan surrendered at the end of World War II.

In 1946, the Chinese Civil War between the KMT and CPC restarted. 

In 1949, the CPC defeated the KMT and started the People's Republic of China (PRC).

Jiang Jieshi and the KMT fled to Taiwan.

Varieties of Chinese

Chinese is a branch of the Han-Tibetan language family. It has hundreds of local languages, many of which are not mutually understandable. There is more variation in the mountainous southeast. There are main seven groups: Mandarin, Wu, Min, Xiang, Gan, Hakka and Yue. But more research is being done.

Chinese varieties differ most in their phonology (sounds), but have similar vocabulary and syntax (grammar). Southern varieties tend to have fewer initial consonants but more often preserve the Middle Chinese final consonants. All have tones. Northern varieties have fewer tones. Many have tone sandhi (biandao). Zhejiang coast and eastern Guangdong has some of the most complex patterns.

Standard Chinese is based on the Beijing dialect. Its vocabulary is based on Mandarin group and grammar based on literature in the modern written vernacular. It is the official language of China, one of the four official languages of Singapore, and one of the six official languages of the United Nations.

In 2nd millennium BC, a form of Chinese was spoken in around the Huanghe. It then expanded east across the North China Plain to Shandong and then south towards the Yangzi river valley. It replaced former languages in the south.

During times of unity, people wanted to use a common standard language to make communication easier between people.

Evidence for dialectal variation is found in texts from the Spring and Autumn period (722–479 BC). At that time, the Zhou still defined a standard speech. The "Fangyan" (1st century CE) studies the differences in vocabulary between regions. Texts from the Eastern Han period also discuss local differences in pronunciation. The "Qieyun" rhyme book (601) noted wide variation in pronunciation between regions. It wanted to define a standard pronunciation for reading the classics. This standard is called Middle Chinese.

The North China Plain was flat and easy to move around. So people in the north pretty much spoke the same language.

But South China had many mountains and rivers. So it had six major groups of Chinese languages, with great internal diversity, particularly in Fujian.

Until the mid-20th century, most Chinese people spoke only their local language. But the Ming and Qing dynasties defined a common language based on Mandarin. It was known as "Guānhuà" (官話, "speech of officials"). Knowledge of guanhua was essential for a career as a government official.

Until the 20th century, Classical Chinese was the written standard.

The Republic of China replaced as the written standard by written vernacular Chinese, which was based on northern dialects. In the 1930s a standard national language was adopted, with its pronunciation based on the Beijing dialect, but with vocabulary also drawn from other Mandarin varieties. It is the official spoken language of the People's Republic of China.

Standard Mandarin Chinese now dominates public life. The only other Chinese that may be commonly taught in colleges is Cantonese.


These are sometimes divided into three groups: Northern (Mandarin), Central (Wu, Gan, and Xiang) and Southern (Hakka, Yue, and Min).

Southern Group may come from the Yangzi river during the Han dynasty (206 BC – 220 AD). This is sometimes called the Old Southern Chinese.

The Central group was transitional between the Northern and Southern groups.


Peter Hamm

Peter Hamm (27 February 1937 – 22 July 2019) was a German poet, author, journalist, editor and literary critic. He wrote many documentaries about Ingeborg Bachmann and Peter Handke. He wrote for the German weekly newspapers "Der Spiegel" and "Die Zeit". From 1964 to 2002, Hamm worked as contributing editor for culture for the broadcster Bayerischer Rundfunk. He was born in Munich.

Hamm was in a domestic partnership with actress Marianne Koch from 1970 until his death.

Hamm died on 22 July 2019 in Tutzing, Germany at the age of 82.

Marianne Koch

Marianne Koch (born 19 August 1931) is a German actress. She is best known for her roles in spaghetti westerns and adventure movies of the 1960s. She later worked as a television host and as a physician. She was in a relationship with Peter Hamm from 1970 until his death in 2019. Koch was born in Munich. 

Koch is known for her roles in "Night People" alongside Gregory Peck and in Sergio Leone's 1964 movie "A Fistful of Dollars" alongside Clint Eastwood.

Francisco Grau

Francisco Grau Vegara (22 January 1947 – 21 July 2019) was a Spanish musician, composer and General in the Spanish Armed Forces. He was born in Bigastro, Alicante. In January 2008, Grau became the first General of Music in the Spanish Armed Forces, having been made a colonel some years previously. From 1988 – 2008, he was also director of the Musical Unit of the Spanish Royal Guard.

Grau died on 21 July 2019, aged 72.

Bologna massacre

The Bologna massacre was the bombing of Bologna Centrale railway station in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, Italy by Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari. It happened on 2 August 1980. It killed 85 people and injured over 200 others. It is the most deadly terrorist attack in the history of Italy.

Art Neville

Arthur Lanon Neville (December 17, 1937 – July 22, 2019) was an American singer-songwriter and keyboardist. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Neville was a part of The Neville Brothers. He was a founding member of The Meters. He also played with the spinoff group The Funky Meters.

Neville performed with singers Labelle (on "Lady Marmalade"), Paul McCartney, Lee Dorsey, Robert Palmer, Dr. John and Professor Longhair.

Neville died at the age of 81 on July 22, 2019 from a long-illness.

Hans Lagerqvist

Hans Ture Lennart Lagerqvist (28 April 1940 – 22 July 2019) was a Swedish pole vaulter. He won a silver medal at the 1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships. Lagerqvist placed fourth at the 1971 European Championships and seventh at the 1971 European Athletics Indoor Championships and 1972 Olympics.

Lagerqvist was born in Gothenburg. He died on 22 July 2019 in Stockholm from brain cancer, aged 79.

Brigitte Kronauer

Brigitte Kronauer (29 December 1940 – 22 July 2019) was a German writer. She was born in Essen, Germany. In 2005, she was awarded the Georg Büchner Prize for her literary works.

Kronauer died on 22 July 2019 in Hamburg from a long-illness at the age of 78.


Maxim Dadashev

Maxim Kaibkhanovich Dadashev (September 30, 1990 – July 23, 2019) was a Russian boxer. He competed in the light welterweight (63.5 kg) division. Dadshev was a participant of the 2015 European Games. 

Dadashev was a Russian amateur champion. He was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union (now Saint Petersburg, Russia). Dadashev won the vacant NABF super lightweight title in June 2018.

On July 19, 2019, Dadashev lost to opponent Subriel Matías at MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland. When leaving the ring, Dadashev collapsed. He had brain surgery and placed in a medically induced coma. Dadashev died from his injuries on July 23 at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland at the age of 28.

Oxon Hill, Maryland

Oxon Hill is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in southern Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. Oxon Hill is a suburb of Washington, D.C.. As of the 2020 census Oxon Hill had a population of 18,791.

Cheverly, Maryland

Cheverly is a town in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is located near Washington, D.C.. The town was founded in 1918, and it was incorporated in 1931. Cheverly had 6,170 residents as of the 2020 Census.

Storm Area 51

"Storm Area 51, They Can't Stop All of Us" is a Facebook event that was planned for September 20, 2019 at Area 51, a United States Air Force (USAF) base. The purpose of the event was to raid the site in search for aliens while they "Naruto run". The event was created by Matty Roberts as a satire event. Roberts posted the event on June 27, 2019. About 3,000,000 people responded "going" or "interested" on the event's page.

Air Force officials and Nevada state officials warned the group members not to raid the area or otherwise they would use executive force.

Copycat events such as plans to storm a secret vault of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Loch Ness, and the Bermuda Triangle have also been created.

Arcadia Group

Arcadia Group plc is a British multinational retailing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It owns the high street clothing retailers Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Miss Selfridge, Topman, Topshop, Wallis and the out of town chain Outfit, which sells lines from the other group chains. The group has more than 2,500 outlets in the UK, concessions in UK department stores such as Debenhams, Selfridges, as well as several hundred franchises in other countries.

The company is majority owned by Taveta Investments, itself owned by Tina Green, the wife of Sir Philip Green, who is himself the chairman of the Arcadia Group. Philip Green has been involved in a number of controversies during his career, including the payment of generous dividends to Richard Caring, Tom Hunter, and Philip Green's family prior to the demise of BHS.

In April 2019, it was reported that the Arcadia group, controlled by Philip Green's family, had recorded a £300m deficit into its pension fund, while the Green family had cashed out £1.2bn in dividends from Arcadia in 2005.

British MP Frank Field, who previously investigated the BHS pension deficit, has publicly criticised Philip Green for paying huge dividends to his family and friend Richard Caring "when things are going well", and making his employees pay "when things are not going well".

SABMiller

SABMiller plc was a multinational brewing and beverage company headquartered in London, England. It is the world's second-largest brewer measured by revenues (after the Belgian-Brazilian-American Anheuser-Busch InBev) and is also a major bottler of Coca-Cola. Its brands include Fosters, Grolsch, Miller, Peroni and Pilsner Urquell. It has operations in 80 countries world-wide and in 2009 sold around 21 billion litres of beverages.

SABMiller's origins date back to the foundation of South African Breweries in 1895 as to serve a growing market of miners and prospectors in and around Johannesburg. Two years later, it became the first industrial company to list on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. From the early 1990s onwards, the company increasingly expanded internationally, making several acquisitions in both emerging and developed markets. In 1999, it formed a new UK-based holding company, SAB plc, and moved its primary listing to London. In May 2002, SAB plc acquired Miller Brewing, forming SABMiller plc.

SABMiller has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It has a market capitalisation of approximately £42 billion as of 24 October 2015, the 6th-largest of any company with a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange. It has a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.

In October 2015, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced plans to acquire SABMiller for £69 billion ($104 billion).


Home Retail Group

Home Retail Group plc is one of the UK's leading home and general merchandise retailers. It is the parent company of Argos and Habitat. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

Home Retail Group owns a number of well-known brands, including Alba, Bush, Chad Valley, Challenger, Cherokee, Cooksworks, Habitat, Heart of House, Hygena, Schreiber, and Sovereign.

Veles (god)

Veles is a Slavic god of wealth, undergrounds and trade. It is very important in Pomeranian Slavs religion.

Marzanna

Marzanna (in Polish), Marena (in Russian), Morana (in Czech, Bulgarian, Slovene, and Serbo-Croatian), or Morena or Kyselica (in Slovak), Kiszehajtás (in Hungarian), Morena (in Macedonian), Maslenitsa (in Russia) and also Mara (in Belarusian and Ukrainian), Maržena, Moréna, Mora or Marmora, Morė (in Lithuanian) is the goddess of death and winter in Slavic paganism. In many Slavic countries, it is very popular to burn a doll, that represents Marzanna, when it's beginning of spring.

Gerovit

Gerovit is a god of war in Slavic beliefs. Almost everything we know about him, we know thanks to German bishops, who visited Slavic countries.

Zhangzhung

Zhangzhung (Tibetan: ཞང་ཞུང; Tibetan pinyin: Xangxang; Chinese: 象雄; pronounced Shangshung) was a kingdom in western Tibet, northern Pakistan and parts of northern India, before the 7th century. The religion of Zhangzhung was Bon, and the people are sometimes called Bonpo. The Bon religion influenced Tibet and Tibetan Buddhism. The Zhangzhung are mentioned frequently in Tibetan texts as the original rulers of central and western Tibet.

We are still trying to learn more about them.

Zhang Zhung had three different regions:


It was an independent kingdom and covered all of Western Tibet, Baltistan and Ladakh.

The capital was Khyunglung, the "Silver Palace of Garuda", southwest of Mount Kailash, with palaces found in the upper Sutlej Valley.

Scientists dug stuff in the Chang Tang plateau and found iron. These may be the Zhangzhung's iron.

The "Tang Annals" say that the Tibetan emperor Songtsen Gampo conquered and unified the Zhangzhung. In 634, Yangtong (Zhang Zhung) and various Qiang tribes, "altogether submitted to him." Gampo then united the Yangtong to defeat the 'Azha or Tuyuhun and conquer two more Qiang tribes. He then threatened Songzhou (China) with an army of more than 200,000 men. He then sent gifts of gold and silk to the Tang emperor to marry a princess. At first the Emperor Gaozong of Tang refused so Gampo attacked Songzhou. But Gampo later gave up and apologized so the emperor married him to Princess Wencheng.

There are some Zhangzhung texts and 11th century bilingual Tibetan documents. The Zhangzhung language was related to Kinnauri, a Sino–Tibetan language.

The Bonpo claim that the Tibetan writing system is derived from the Zhangzhung alphabet. However Tibetan script comes from the subcontinent. Non-Bon Tibetan texts agree.

Bonpo religion was founded by a Buddha-like person named Tonpa Shenrab Miwoche. Tonpa's teachings are very similar to Gautama Buddha. Bonpos claim that Tonpa lived 18,000 years ago and visited Tibet from the land of Tagzig Olmo Lung Ring.

The Bonpo claim that during this time Lord Tonpa's teachings entered the Indian subcontinent and helped develop the Vedic religion (Hinduism). An example of this link between Bon and Hinduism is Mount Kailash, the center of Zhang Zhung culture and also most sacred mountain to Hindus. As a result, the Bonpos claim that Hinduism owes its origin to Tonpa Shenrab Miwoche.

Video assistant referee

Video assistant referee (VAR) is a system that helps referees to decide better about players fouls, if a goal was valid, red card decisions, etc. in soccer matches. When the referee is going to review a play on the field at the VAR box, they outline a square with their hands, as if showing the outline of a TV screen. It was used for the first time in the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup. It was used for the first time for international matches in the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup. The first time VAR was used in the FIFA World Cup was in the 2018 World Cup.

In March 2018, the VAR was permanentely written into the Laws of the Game by the International Football Association Board (IFAB).

There are 3 categories of decisions that can be reviewed:


The referee can review the play on the field by going to the VAR box, listen to the VAR's recommendation, or completely ignore the VAR advice. The referee can only review the play on the field with recommendation of the VAR to prevent the referee from relying on it too much.

The VAR system has been criticised by many people, mostly because of how much time is used up in reviews, overly relying on it, and causing confusion. Manager Mauricio Pochettino said "it made everyone confused". He also said that he felt sorry for the fans and for the referee after an FA Cup match.

Nir, Iran

Nir is a city in Iran. It is located in the north west of Iran in the Ardabil Province. it is a part of the Nir County.

Slavic Native Faith

Slavic Naitive Faith is modern pagan religion, which is related to Slavic paganism. It is sometimes called Rodnovery.

Tōyō Bunko

The is Japan's largest Asian studies library. It is one of the world's five largest libraries. It is located in Tokyo. 

It contains around 950,000 documents, written in Asian, Western and Japanese languages.

It was started by Mitsubishi Motors and opened in 1924.

Oyanagi Shigeta

Oyanagi Shigeta (小柳司気太, 1870 December 24 - 1940 July 18 ) is a Japanese scholar of Chinese literature and Taoism. He is from Niigata Prefecture and graduated from Tokyo Imperial University. His mom's last name is Kumakura (熊倉). 

Epigraphy

Epigraphy is the study of writings, inscriptions (epigraphs) on things like rocks, clay, stone, paper, etc. It is used to study writing; often for learning about languages of the past.

Mokosh

Mokosh () is a Slavic goddess of fate and the protector of women in childbirth.

Luo Zhenyu

Luo Zhenyu (August 8, 1866 – May 14, 1940), courtesy name Shuyun (叔蘊), was a Chinese classical scholar, philologist, epigrapher, antiquarian. He supported the Qing dynasty, even after it fell.

Silesian language

Silesian or Upper Silesian (Silesian: / ; ; , , ; ) from the West Slavic language family. Some linguists say, that it is a dialect of Polish, because of big similarities between these languages. It's mostly spoken in Poland, but also in the Czech Republic and Germany.

Cen Chunxuan

Cen Chunxuan (1861 – 27 April 1933) was a Zhuang Chinese politician who lived in the late Qing dynasty and Republic of China. He wanted the Qing to become a monarchy based on a constitution (written set of laws). Empress Dowager Cixi supported him. He was a governor of Guangdong and became a warlord during the ROC but then Sun Yat-sen's government replaced his.

Suzhou High School

Suzhou High School of Jiangsu Province (), is a Chinese public high school. It has over 1000 years of history. 

Many famous people graduated from there. It is in Suzhou, Jiangsu. In 1035, the Northern Song politician Fan Zhongyan founded it ().

Fujita Toyohachi

Fujita Toyohachi (Kanji: 藤田豊八；Hiragana: ふじたとよはち; 19 October 1869 - 15 July 1929) is a Japanese writer and professor in East Asian History. He is from Tokushima Prefecture. His (Chinese) pen name name was Jianfeng / Kenfou (劍峰).

He founded a school in Jiangsu, China. He was a teacher at Beijing University (the Imperial University, 京師大學堂), author of Secondary Education East Asian history《中等教育東洋史》and Research on the History of East-West Interactions《東西交涉史之研究（東西交渉史の研究）》。

He collected over 1700 Chinese books. After he died, those were sent to the Toyo Bunko (東洋文庫) and put into a section called Fujita's library「藤田文庫」。

In 1869, Fujita was born in Awa Province (Tokushima).

In 1895, he graduated from the University of Tokyo Liberal arts school with a degree in Chinese language studies.

After that he taught the history of Chinese literature at Waseda University, Toyo University, and other schools

In 1896, he cofounded the Dongya Xueyuan (東亞學院, East Asia College) with Oyanagi Shigeta and others. Fujita also founded the journal "Jiangsu Wenxue"《江湖文學》(Jiangsu Literature).

In 1897, he visited Shanghai.

In 1898, he helped create the Dongwen Xueshe (東文學社, East Asian literature society) with Luo Zhenyu.

After 1904, Cen Chunxuan (岑春煊) governor of Guangxi and Guangdong asked Fujita to help with education.

In 1905, he also helped create Suzhou high school (江苏师范学堂). He invited more than 10 teachers from Japan. The Qing dynasty then awarded him a medal. In 1909 Fujita became a professor at the prestigious Beijing University.

In 1912, Japan returned to Japan. He lived in Tokyo and researched the history of east–west interactions. In 1920 he got a PhD in literature.

In 1923, he was professor at Waseda University. He taught the history of east–west sea transportation and the history of the Western regions (China, Xiyu, modern day Xinjiang).

In 1925, he became professor at the imperial Tokyo University and first lecturer on East Asian history.

In 1928, he became a professor and Minister of culture and politics at Taibei Imperial University (臺北帝國大學). In May 1929 he returned to Tokyo to give a lecture on the history of the Xiyu again. But in July he died of kidney failure.


Western Regions

The Western Regions or Xiyu () refers to Central Asia, specifically west of the Yumen pass. It was used in Chinese between the 3rd century BC to the 8th century AD. 

It sometimes refers to Xinjiang or even northern parts of the Indian subcontinent (as in the novel "Journey to the West").

Because it is located on the Silk Road, the xiyu have been important since at least the 3rd century BC.

The Han–Xiongnu War (ended 89 AD) was fought there. In the 7th century, the Tang campaign against the Western Regions led to Chinese control of the region. 

The xiyu became an important place of exchange between East Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and the Muslim world.

This was especially true during the Mongol Empire. Buddhism spread through the region to China. 

The Tang dynasty monk Xuanzang crossed the region on his way to study in India. When he returned to Chang'an, the influential "Great Tang Records on the Western Regions" was written.

Cologny

Cologny is a municipality in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


Emperor Ming of Han

Emperor Ming of Han (15 June 28 AD – 5 September 75 AD) was the second emperor of China's Eastern Han Dynasty.

He was born .

Kalman filter

The Kalman filter is an algorithm (a step-by-step process) that helps people remove errors from numbers. It is named for Rudolf E. Kálmán, a mathematician who helped to make it.

Science can use the Kalman filter in many ways. One important use is steering airplanes and space ships. People also use the Kalman filter to make a model of how humans use nerves and muscles to move their bodies.

The Kalman filter has two steps. The first step is predicting (trying to say what you think will happen). The Kalman filter makes a first guess about what we think is true (an "estimate") and how certain we are that it is true ("uncertainty"). Next, the Kalman filter makes a new guess by using a weighted average. More certain numbers are more important in this weighted average. After doing these two steps, we use the new guess to start these steps again.

An Shigao

An Shigao () lived from 148-180 CE. He was a Buddhist. And he helped translate Indian Buddhist texts into Chinese. According to legend, he was a prince of Parthia (modern Iran). He gave up being a prince to become a Buddhist missionary monk in China.

Thônex

Thônex is a municipality of the canton of Geneva, Switzerland. It is in the east of the canton and shares a border with the French town of Ambilly.

In 1869, the municipality was created when Chêne-Thônex split into two independent municipalities Chêne-Bourg and Thônex.


American Indian Wars

The American Indian Wars (also known as the Indian Wars or the First Nations Wars; ) is the name for the various battles that were fought by European, American, and Canadian governments and colonists against various American Indian and First Nation tribes. These conflicts happened in North America from the time of the earliest colonial settlements in the 17th century until the 1920s. The various Indian Wars resulted from a wide variety of factors, including cultural differences, land disputes, and crimes committed by both sides. The European powers and their colonies also enlisted Indian tribes to help them do war against each other's colonial settlements.

After the American Revolution, many conflicts were local to specific states or regions. The conflicts were usually about disputes over land use; some had cycles of violent actions. The British Royal Proclamation of 1763, included in the Constitution of Canada, banned white settlers from taking the lands of native peoples in Canada without signing a treaty with them. It is still law in Canada today, and 11 Numbered Treaties, limited the number of conflicts.

As white settlers went west across America after 1780, the size, length of time, and intensity of conflicts increased between settlers and various Indians. The biggest came in the War of 1812, which resulted in the defeat of major Indian coalitions in the Midwest and the South. Conflict with settlers happened less, and treaties became more common. The Indian Removal Act of 1830 allowed the US government to remove natives from east of the Mississippi River to the west. The west was what the government believed to be empty American frontier. (Many tribes had a lot of territory in this area, however.) The federal US policy of removal was eventually changed in the West. It was changed to relocating Indian tribes to specially designated and federally protected reservations.


Yao Qian Shu

The money tree (Chinese: 搖錢樹; yao qian shu; literally: shake money tree) is a holy tree that can give you money if you shake it.

It came from the Han Dynasty. Bronze qianshu are appear a lot in Sichuan graves.

Dry county

A dry county is a county in the United States whose government does not allow the sale of any kind of alcoholic beverages. Some don't allow off-premises sales, some don't allow on-premises sale, and some don't allow both. Many dry counties exist in the United States. Most of them in the South. Some smaller jurisdictions also exist, such as cities, towns, and townships, which don't allow alcohol to be sold. These are known as dry cities, dry towns, or dry townships. Dry jurisdictions can be contrasted with "wet" (minimal alcohol prohibitions) and "moist" (fewer prohibitions than "dry" but more than "wet").

Parliament of Finland

The Parliament of Finland (, ) is the unicameral supreme legislature of Finland. It was founded on 9 May 1906. It works with the Constitution of Finland. The power is vested in the Parliament. The Parliament is made up of 200 members, 199 of whom are elected every four years. In addition, there is one member from Åland.

Legislation may start by either the Government or one of the members of Parliament.

Kucha

Kucha (, ) was an ancient Buddhist kingdom in Xinjiang (East Turkestan). 

It was on the Silk Road.

Jeremy Kemp

Jeremy Kemp (3 January 1935 – 19 July 2019) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in the miniseries "The Winds of War", the movie "The Blue Max" and the TV series "Z-Cars".

Michael English (politician)

Michael English (24 December 1930 – 13 July 2019) was a British Labour Party politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the British Parliament for Nottingham West from 1964 to 1983. 

English died on 13 July 2019 at the age of 88.


Nicodemus, Kansas

Nicodemus is an unincorporated community in Graham County, Kansas, United States. The community was created in 1877. it is named after the Biblical figure Nicodemus.

The Nicodemus National Historic Site is in Nicodemus. The place commemorates the only remaining western town created by African Americans during the Reconstruction Period. During the last weekend of July, former residents and their descendants return for celebrations and parades.

In 1976, Nicodemus was named a National Historic Landmark. As of 2018, its First Baptist Church, African Methodist Episcopal Church, and other historic buildings are in bad condition that they cannot be opened to the public.

The United States Census Bureau says that the Nicodemus township has an area of 32.4 square miles. The town is along Highway 24 in the Great Plains.

Summer is typically long and hot. Thunderstorms are common during summer. Spring and fall are usually short, while winter is cold. The average precipitation is about 22 inches.



Lengger

Lengger is a traditional dance from the Banyumasan area of the Central Java, Indonesia.

Ragged school

Ragged schools were free schools for poor children’s education in nineteenth-century Britain. The London Ragged Schools Union was established in April 1844. They gave free education, food, clothes and other services. The classes were sometimes held in stables, lofts and railway arches. Most teachers were volunteers but there were some who were paid. About 300,000 children went to London ragged schools between 1844 and 1881.

There was no legal structure which supported primary education in England until the second half of the 19th century. There were, however, Church of England schools.

Parliament did not lay down rules for education until 1870, the year of Forster's Education Act (Elementary Education Act of 1870). The Elementary Education Act 1880 (the Mundella Act) made school boards enforce compulsory attendance from 5 to 10 years. Attendance officers might visit the homes of absent (truant) children. Children who were employed needed a certificate to show they had reached the educational standard. Employers of these children who could not show this were penalised.

The 1891 Elementary Education Act provided for the state payment of school fees up to ten shillings per head. This made primary education free. The Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act 1893 raised the school leaving age to 11. 

Fedio

Fedio (also spelled Fedyo; ) is a Syrian village located in Latakia Governorate. Fedio had a population of 4,065 in the 2004 census. 

Pinyin for other languages

Chinese Pinyin is used for other languages besides Standard Mandarin and other Varieties of Chinese. In China different pinyin systems are used for Mongolian, Uyghur, Manchu, and Tibetan. 

The former State Administration of Surveying and Mapping, Geographical Names Committee and former Script Reform Committee created these pinyin methods. 

These have been used since 1978.

Latakia Governorate

Latakia Governorate ( / ALA-LC: "Muḥāfaẓat al-Lādhiqīyah") is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria. It is in western Syria, bordering Turkey. Its reported area varies in different sources from 2,297 km² to 2,437 km². The governorate population was 991,000 (2010 estimate). Members of the Alawite sect are the majority in the governorate, although Armenians, Turkmen, and Sunni Kurds form the majorities in the Kessab, Jabal Turkman, and Jabal al-Akrad regions respectively. The capital of Latakia had, by 2010 estimates, 400,000 inhabitants, 50% of whom were Alawites, 30% were Sunni, and 20% Christian.

The Latakia Governorate borders Turkey to the north, Tartous to the south, Hama and Idlib to the east and the Mediterranean sea to the west. Although the western part of the governorate is mainly of coastal plains, the eastern parts are mountainous, with the Syrian Coastal Mountain Range running north to south, parallel to the coastal plains. Its highest peak, Nabi Yunis, is 1562 meters (5,125 ft) tall with the average elevation only about 1200 meters. The western areas of the governorate catch moisture-laden winds from the Mediterranean Sea and are thus more fertile and more heavily populated than the eastern slopes.

The Orontes River flows north alongside the range on its eastern verge in the Ghab valley, a longitudinal trench, and then around the northern edge of the range to flow into the Mediterranean. Another important river is Nahr al-Kabir al-Shamali, a river running from the Turkish border and to the southwest to flow in the Mediterranean with the "16 Tishreen dam", one of the most important in the region, being constructed to use the river power generation, storage of rain and river water, and the creation of "Mashqita lake".

The following cities are the administrative centres of the districts in Latakia Governorate (Population based on 2004 official census):

The governorate is divided into four districts ("manatiq"):


These are further divided into 22 sub-districts (nawahi).

The governorate is located on the Mediterranean Sea, which gave it great economic importance, most notably the capital of the governorate, Latakia, which serves as not only the governorate's but also Syria's main port. Its port was established on 12 February 1950.

Its imported cargo include clothing, construction materials, vehicles, furniture, minerals, tobacco, cotton, and food supplies such as lintels, onions, wheat, barley, dates, grains and figs, and in 2008, the port handled about 8 million tons of cargo.

The governorate is also a tourist destination for many Syrian locals, the Cote d'Azur Beach of Latakia is Syria's premier coastal resort, and offers water skiing, jet skiing, and windsurfing. The city contains eight hotels, two of which have five-star ratings; both the Cote d'Azur de Cham Hotel and Lé Meridien Lattiquie Hotel are located north of the city, at Cote d'Azur. The latter hotel has 274 rooms and is the only international hotel in the city.

Also, window shopping and evening strolls in the markets is considered a favorite pastime in Latakia. Numerous designer-label stores line 8 Azar Street, and the heart of the city's shopping area is the series of blocks enclosed by 8 Azar Street, Yarmouk Street, and Saad Zaghloul Street in the city center. Cinemas in Latakia include Ugarit Cinema, al-Kindi, and a smaller theater off al-Moutanabbi Street.

In 2010, Latakia City was 50% Alawite, 40% Sunni and 10% Christian, however, the rural hinterland has an Alawite majority of roughly 70%, with Christians making up 14%, Sunni Muslims making up 12%, and Ismailis representing the remaining 2%. The city of Latakia, the governorate's center, serves as the capital of the Alawite population and is a major cultural center for the religion. Christians form a majority in the northmost part of the governorate, in the town of Kessab, and in many neighborhoods in Latakia such as the American street.

The primary languages of the province are Arabic, Armenian and Turcoman. Arabic is spoken in all district centers of the governorate and most, if not all towns and villages surrounding them, with the North Levantine dialect mostly used, with the exception of the town of Kessab, a historically Armenian-populated town where Armenian is the primary language in it and the surrounding villages such as Sev Aghpyur, Esguran and Duzaghaj, and the Turkmen Mountain where Turcoman is spoken primarily.

The Kurdish minority in the governorate have mostly shifted to speaking Arabic in recent years, but nonetheless, those who speak Kurdish use the Kurmanji dialect of the language, mainly in Jabal al-Akrad.

Wanda Vázquez Garced

Wanda Vázquez Garced is a Puerto Rican lawyer and politician. She was the 14th governor of Puerto Rico from August 7, 2019 to January 2, 2021. She also was Secretary of Justice from 2017 to 2019.

Suffern, New York

Suffern is a village that was created in 1796 in the town of Ramapo, Rockland County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, Suffern's population was 11,441.

Youssef Chahed

Youssef Chahed (; born 18 September 1975) is a Tunisian politician. He was the Head of Government of Tunisia from 2016 to 2020. He was Secretary of State for Fishing from 2015 to 2016 and Minister of Local Affairs in 2016. He was a member of the Nidaa Tounes party until he formed Long Live Tunisia.

A failed presidential candidate, Chahed came in fifth place in the 2019 election.

Napoleon, Ohio

Napoleon is a city in and the county seat of Henry County, Ohio, United States. It is located near the Maumee River. It is 44 miles southwest of Toledo. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 8,862.

Bloomfield, Connecticut

Bloomfield is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 21,535 at the 2020 census.

Eliel Saarinen

Gottlieb Eliel Saarinen (; August 20, 1873 – July 1, 1950) was a Finnish-American architect known for his work with art nouveau buildings in the early years of the 20th century.


Maumee River

The Maumee River (pronounced ) (Shawnee: "Hotaawathiipi"; Miami-Illinois: "Taawaawa siipiiwi") is a river running from northeastern Indiana into northwestern Ohio and Lake Erie in the United States. The city of Toledo is located at the mouth of the Maumee. 

It is the largest watershed of any of the rivers feeding the Great Lakes, and supplies five percent of Lake Erie’s water.

Grand Rapids, Ohio

Grand Rapids is a village in Grand Rapids Township, Wood County, Ohio, United States. It is located along the Maumee River. The population was 925 at the 2020 census.

Henry County, Ohio

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,662. Its county seat is Napoleon. The county was created in 1820. It is named for Patrick Henry.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 420 square miles (1,100 km), of which 416 square miles (1,080 km) is land and 3.7 square miles (9.6 km) (0.9%) is water.

Blue Hills, Connecticut

Blue Hills is a community in Hartford County, Connecticut. It is made up by the northwest corner of the city of Hartford and the southeast corner of the town of Bloomfield. 

The Bloomfield portion is listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 2,762 at the 2020 census.

Dikembe Mutombo

Dikembe Mutombo Mpolondo Mukamba Jean-Jacques Wamutombo (born June 25, 1966) is a Congolese-American retired professional basketball player and humanitarian. Mutombo played 18 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Denver Nuggets, Atlanta Hawks, Philadelphia 76ers, New Jersey Nets, New York Knicks and the Houston Rockets.

Bloomberg News

Bloomberg News (originally Bloomberg Business News) is an international news agency headquartered in New York. It creates news that is disseminated through Bloomberg Terminals, Bloomberg Television, Bloomberg Radio, "Bloomberg Businessweek", "Bloomberg Markets", Bloomberg.com and Bloomberg's mobile platforms. Since 2015, John Micklethwait has been the editor-in-chief.

Bloomberg News was created by Michael Bloomberg and Matthew Winkler in 1990 to give financial news reporting to Bloomberg Terminal subscribers.

The agency was created in 1990 with a team of six people. Winkler was first editor-in-chief. In 2010, Bloomberg News had over 2,300 editors and reporters in 72 countries and 146 news bureaus worldwide.


Revenge of the Nerds

Revenge of the Nerds is a 1984 comedy film about a group of brainy misfits who get into university in computer science and get revenge against the people by whom they are constantly bullied. An episode of The Simpsons called "Revenge is a dish best served three times over" included a parody of Revenge of the Nerds called "the Revenge of the Geeks" of which Milhouse Van Houten is the protagonist.

If I Ran the Zoo

If I Ran the Zoo is a children's book published in 1950 and written by Dr. Seuss. It is about a child who goes to the zoo gets bored and starts describing all the fictional animals he would put in the zoo if he ran the Zoo.

This book also had the first case of the world “nerd”.

Céligny

Céligny is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It has two small exclaves of the canton of Geneva mostly surrounded by the Canton of Vaud, near Crans-près-Céligny.


Nemesis

In ancient Greek religion, Nemesis (), is the goddess who takes vengeance against those who show hubris (arrogance before the gods).

Divine retribution is a major theme in the Hellenic world view. It is the unifying theme of the tragedies of Sophocles and many other literary works.

She carried a measuring rod (a tally stick), a bridle, scales, a sword, and a scourge (whip), and she rides in a chariot drawn by griffins.

Nemesis often is seen with another goddess named Aidos. Aidos is the goddess of shame. She is similar to Nemesis.

The Ancient Greek made different meanings for what they called "justice":

In works of fiction the hero's nemesis is usually the villain and the hardest antagonist for the hero to defeat.

Chancy

Chancy is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Battle of Black Jack

The Battle of Black Jack happened on June 2, 1856, when anti-slavery people, led by abolitionist John Brown, attacked the camp of Henry C. Pate near Baldwin City, Kansas. The battle is one event of "Bleeding Kansas," and it was part of the lead up to the American Civil War of 1861 to 1865.

In 2012 the National Park Service designated the battlefield a National Historic Landmark.


Viry, Haute-Savoie

Viry is a commune. It is in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.

Ungersheim

Ungersheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Urbès

Urbès is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Vieux-Ferrette

Vieux-Ferrette is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Vieux-Thann

Vieux-Thann is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lawrence County, Mississippi

Lawrence County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 12,016 people lived there. Its county seat is Monticello.

Black Jack, Kansas

Black Jack is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, in the U.S. state of Kansas.

The Battle of Black Jack was fought near Black Jack Creek in 1856. 

Black Jack was created in 1857. It was named after nearby Black Jack Creek. The creek was named for the Blackjack Oak trees along it. A post office was created at Black Jack in 1858. It continued to be used until 1895.

Brown County, Kansas

Brown County (county code BR) is a county in the northeast part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,508 people lived there. Its county seat is Hiawatha. Hiawatha is the second-biggest city in Brown County. Brown County is where the Kickapoo Indian Reservation of Kansas is. It also has most of the Sac and Fox Reservation and most of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.

Brown County was created in 1855. It was named after Albert G. Brown.

The U.S. Census Bureau says the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The Wolf River has starts in the county. Brown State Fishing Lake is in the county, 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Brown County very Republican. Brown was Alf Landon’s strongest county in his home state during his 1936 presidential campaign. Noo Democratic presidential candidate has ever won a most of the votes Brown County.




Anderson County, Kansas

Anderson County (county code AN) is a county in East Central Kansas, in the Central United States. In 2020, 7,836 people lived there. Its county seat is Garnett. Garnett is also the biggest city in Anderson County.

In 1855, Anderson County was created. It was named after Joseph C. Anderson.

In 1887, the first photograph of a tornado was taken in Anderson county.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau





Mohamed Ennaceur

Mohamed Ennaceur (; born 21 March 1934) is a Tunisian politician. He was the acting President of Tunisia from 25 July 2019 after the death of President Beji Caid Essebsi until 23 October 2019. 

From 2014 until 2021, he was the Speaker of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People and leader of the governing Nidaa Tounes party. He was Minister of Social Affairs in the 1970s and 1980s under President Habib Bourguiba, and again in 2011 in the transitional Ghannouchi and Essebsi governments.

Mohamed Ghannouchi

Mohamed Ghannouchi ( "Muhammad Al-Ghannushi"; born 18 August 1941) is a Tunisian politician. He was Prime Minister of Tunisia from 1999 to 2011. Ghannouchi was an important political figure in the Tunisian government under President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

Ghannouchi resigned as Prime Minister on 27 February 2011 after multiple protests during the Tunisian Revolution called for him and President Ben Ali to resign.

Progressive Party (United States, 1912)

The Progressive Party was a liberal third party in the United States. It was created in 1912 by former President Theodore Roosevelt after he lost the presidential nomination of the Republican Party to incumbent President William Howard Taft. The new party was known for taking advanced positions on progressive and populist reforms. It also attracted famous national reformers. After the party's defeat in 1912 , it went into rapid decline in elections until 1918, disappearing by 1920. The Progressive Party was often called the "Bull Moose Party" since Roosevelt often said that he felt "strong as a bull moose".



Khakassia

Khakassia (; Khakas: ) is a federal subject of Russia. Its capital is Abakan. As of 2022 the population was 544,107.

My Neighbors the Yamadas

My Neighbors the Yamadas () is a 1999 Japanese animated comedy movie written and directed by Isao Takahata and produced by Studio Ghibli.

Terry Fallis

Terry Fallis is a Canadian writer and humourist. Fallis was trained as an engineer at McMaster University in Ontario. Fallis was involved in student politics and became president of the student union. Fallis joined the Liberal Party of Canada and worked for the campaigns of Jean Chrétien, Robert Nixon and Micheal Ignatieff. Fallis wrote and later self-published a novel called the "Best Laid Plans" about a man who wants to quit his work in politics by managing the campaign of someone he believes has absolutely no chance of winning so that no one will take him seriously enough ever to hire him again and then shockingly ends up having his political candidate win. Fallis won the Stephen Leacock Award for Canadian humour. Fallis wrote a sequel to "The Best Laid Plans" called "The High Road" about an idealistic re-election campaign. Fallis wrote "Up and Down" about a 71 year old woman from British Columbia who becomes an astronaut in NASA. Fallis later met a man by the name of Brian Mulroney who is not related to the Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. Fallis then wrote a novel called "No Relation" about a man who wants to become a writer but can't because his name happens to be Earnest Hemingway,even though he is not related to Ernest Hemingway and starts a support group for people who have famous names while trying to resist his father's effort to make him take over his father's underwear company. Fallis wrote the novel "Poles Apart" about a man who starts a popular feminist website using the pseudonym Eve and who everyone assumes is a woman. Fallis also wrote a novel called "One Brother Shy"


Stephen Leacock

Stephen P. H. Butler Leacock (30 December 1869 – 28 March 1944) was a Canadian teacher, political scientist, writer, and humorist. He was born in England and moved to Canada at the age of six and went to Upper Canada College in Toronto.

Leacock completed his doctoral studies at the University of Chicago and started to teach at Upper Canada College before becoming Dean of political science and economics at Mcgill University in Montreal. Leacock eventually became principal of McGill.

Leacock became a well-known writer and humourist and for a time was the world's most famous comedian. Leacock was an influence on Groucho Marx. Leacock was a social conservative. Leacock died in 1944. An Award for Canadian humour was named after him. 

Zhangxun Restoration

The Zhangxun Restoration was an attempt to restore the Qing Dynasty in July 1917. 

In 1911 after the Xinhai Revolution, the Qing Dynasty died. It was the last monarchy of China after thousands of years. The last emperor of the Qing was Puyi. General Zhang Xun tried to put Puyi back on the throne in 1917. Zhang got an army and entered Beijing.

But it lasted only a few days, from July 1 to July 12. Troops from the Republic of China (1912–1949) quickly ended it.

Honing oil

Honing oil is a liquid solution that aids in sharpening different machinery. One of the most common type of honing oil is the one used with sharpening stones. Not only they protect the sharpening stone but they also keep the stone pores from clogging.

There are different types of honing oil and substitutes. It has been noticed that some people use water instead of honing oil to make the sharpening process smooth. Although, water is no substitute of honing oil according to many chefs and experts.

The thickness of honing oil matters a lot. For example, motor oil, which is another type of honing oil, cannot be used with sharpening stones since it is too thick and instead of protecting the sharpening stone pores, it will clog them. 

The composition of honing oil is simple. There are two types of honing oil. One is the water based honing oil and the other is petroleum based. Chlorine and sulfur are the most common chemicals that are found in petroleum and mineral based honing oil.

Some honing oil could be toxic for specific materials such as petroleum based honing oil for sharpening stones. Windex, Simple Green and Lansky are some of the most common honing oil manufacturers.

Robert Plutchik

Robert Plutchik (21 October 1927 – 20 April 2006) was an emeritus professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. He was also a professor at the University of South Florida. 

Despite Plutchik's constant harassment from his classmates, he thrived in secondary school and surpassed his pupils. Cruel jokes surrounding Robert's last name set him back in his discoveries. Leaders such as Ronald Reagan have told CNN that if he wasn't taunted, Plutchik could have discovered more, possibly even benefiting society to a greater extent. 

Plutchik received his Ph.D. from Columbia University and receiving an honorary degree in sociology from Buttcreek Community College. He was a psychologist. He authored or coauthored more than 260 articles, 45 chapters and eight books and edited seven books. His research interests included the study of emotions, the study of suicide and violence, and the study of the psychotherapy process.


Liane Russell

Liane Brauch "Lee" Russell (August 27, 1923 – July 20, 2019) was an Austrian-born American geneticist and conservationist. She was known for her works on mammalian genetics. Her works helped create an understanding of the chromosomic basis for sex determination in mammals. She was also known for raising awareness for the harmful affects of radiation, drugs, fuels and waste on mice and pregnant women. 

Russell was born in Vienna, Austria. She studied at the University of Chicago. Russell died at her home in Oak Ridge, Tennessee on July 20, 2019 at the age of 95.

Ruth Gotlieb

Ruth Gotlieb (née Wolman, – 23 July 2019) was a British-New Zealand politician. She was born in England, but was raised in Cork, Ireland. Her career was based in Wellington, New Zealand. Gotlieb was a member of the Wellington City Council from 1983 to 2001.

Gotlieb died on 23 July 2019 in Wellington at the age of 96.

Barney Smith (museum curator)

Barney Smith (May 25, 1921 – July 23, 2019) was an American plumber, artist and museum curator. He was best known for his Toilet Seat Art Museum in San Antonio, Texas, which he operated out of his garage. It had 1,000 pieces of art and drew visitors from around the globe.

Smith died on July 23, 2019 in San Antonio at the age of 98.

Ferdinand von Bismarck

Ferdinand Herbord Ivar, Prince of Bismarck (German: "Ferdinand Herbord Ivar Fürst von Bismarck"; November 22, 1930 – July 23, 2019) was a German businessman and lawyer. He was the Prince of Bismarck from 1975 to 2019. He was replaced by his eldest son Carl-Eduard von Bismarck. He was born in London. He worked as an attorney in Hamburg.

Bismarck died on 23 July 2019 in Reinbek, Germany at the age of 88.


Cathy Inglese

Catherine Mary Inglese (December 16, 1958 – July 24, 2019) was an American college basketball coach. She was the head coach for women's basketball programs for a total of 27 years, at the University of Vermont, Boston College, and the University of Rhode Island from 1980 to 2007. Inglese was born in Wallingford, Connecticut.

Inglese had a traumatic brain injury after falling in a stairwell on July 17, 2019. She had surgery at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, New York. Inglese died from her injuries on July 24, 2019, aged 60. 

Wallingford, Connecticut

Wallingford is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 44,396 at the 2020 census. The community was named after Wallingford, in England.

Yankee Candle

The Yankee Candle Company (referred to simply as Yankee Candle) is an American manufacturer and retailer of scented candles, candleholders, accessories, and dinnerware. It is the largest candle manufacturer in the United States. The company is headquartered in South Deerfield, Massachusetts.

The Jarden Corporation agreed to buy candle maker Yankee Candle for $1.75 billion in the fall of 2013. In 2015, Newell Rubbermaid announced that it would acquire Jarden for over $15 billion of cash and stock.

South Deerfield, Massachusetts

South Deerfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Deerfield, Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. It is home to the well-known Yankee Candle Company. At the 2020 census, the population of South Deerfield was 1,930.

Jesper Juul

Jesper Juul (18 April 1948 – 25 July 2019) was a Danish family therapist and author. He wrote many books on parenting to a general audience. In his book "Your Competent Child" (1995, in English 2001) he argues that families today have destructive values. The book "Has so far" (2007) been translated into 13 languages. He was born in Vordingborg, Denmark.

Juul died of pneumonia in Copenhagen on 25 July 2019 at the age of 71.


Pierre Péan

Pierre Péan (5 March 1938 – 25 July 2019) was a French investigative journalist and author. He wrote many books about political scandals in France. He was born in Maine-et-Loire, France. In 1994, he published "Une jeunesse française: François Mitterrand" ("A French Youth: François Mitterrand"). The book is a biography covering the life of François Mitterrand from 1934 to 1947. He also wrote books on Charles de Gaulle.

Péan died on 25 July 2019 at the age of 81.


Rose Franco

Rose Franco (born January 22, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps Warrant Officer. She was born in Guánica, Puerto Rico. She is the first Hispanic woman to become a chief warrant officer in the U.S. Marine Corps.

In 1965, Franco was named Administrative Assistant to the Secretary of the Navy, Paul Nitze by the administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson. She was promoted to the rank of Warrant Officer by the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy.


Gary Ray Bowles

Gary Ray Bowles (January 25, 1962 – August 22, 2019) was an American serial killer. He was sentenced to death for the murder of six men in 1994. He was born in Clifton Forge, Virginia. He was convicted of sexual assault, armed robbery and murder.

Bowles was executed by lethal injection on August 22, 2019 at Florida State Prison in Bradford County, aged 57.

Graham Freudenberg

Norman Graham Freudenberg AM ( 12 May 1934 – 26 July 2019) was an Australian author and political speechwriter. He worked with the Australian Labor Party for over forty years. He was born in Brisbane, Queensland. 

Freudenberg wrote over a thousand speeches for several leaders of the Australian Labor Party at both the New South Wales state and federal level. Senior Labor Party leaders for whom he prepared speeches included Arthur Calwell, Gough Whitlam, Neville Wran, Bob Hawke, Barrie Unsworth, Bob Carr and Simon Crean.

On 26 July 2019, it was announced that Freudenberg had died after a long-illness, aged 85.

725 West Randolph

725 W. Randolph Street is proposed skyscraper in Chicago. It is designed by architectural firm Roger Ferris + Partners with architect of record Perkins Eastman . 

As proposed, the building will have residences and an Equinox-brand hotel. It is one of two buildings under development in the West Loop. The Chicago Plan Commission approved the building in 2018, and related plans to break ground in 2019.

One Chicago Square

One Chicago (formerly One Chicago Square) is a skyscraper in the River North neighborhood of Chicago. The building would have two towers connected by a central podium. When completed, the taller of the two towers would be the sixth-tallest structure in Chicago. 

The development has been approved by the Chicago Plan Commission for its zoning change and will have up to 869 residential units, both apartments and condominiums.

400 Lake Shore Drive

400 Lake Shore Drive is a proposed set of connected towers to be built in Chicago, Illinois. Related Midwest is developing the project, and the firm Skidmore, Owings, and Merrill designed the buildings. It is scheduled to be completed by 2023.

Tribune East Tower

Tribune Tower East is a proposed mixed use tower on the eastern edge of the Tribune Tower property in the Streeterville area of the Near North Side community areas of Chicago. If completed, the skyscraper would become the second-tallest in Chicago. 

Plans were officially announced for a tall 200-unit hotel, 439-apartment and 125-condominium building on April 16, 2018. These plans make the building shorter than the Willis Tower, the city's tallest.

On mid-October 2018, the Chicago Plan Commission approved the plans for the city's second tallest building. Chicago City Council approved the plans in an October 31 meeting.

Conchata Ferrell

Conchata Galen Ferrell (March 28, 1943 – October 12, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Berta the housekeeper for all twelve seasons of the sitcom "Two and a Half Men". For her role, she received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations (in 2005 and 2007).

Ferrell was born in Loudendale, West Virginia. She died on October 12, 2020 after a cardiac arrest at her home in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles at the age of 77.

Loudendale, West Virginia

Loudendale is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.

Kanawha County, West Virginia

Kanawha County ( or ) is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 180,745. It is West Virginia's most populous county. Its county seat is Charleston, the state capital.

Óscar Enrique Sánchez

Oscar Enrique Sánchez Rivas (15 July 1955 – 25 July 2019) popularly known as "El Conejo" (the rabbit) was a Guatemalan football coach and inside forward. He played the for the club CSD Comunicaciones, and represented the Guatemala national football team at the Olympic Games and in three FIFA World Cup qualification processes.

Kyoto Animation arson attack

The happened at Kyoto Animation's Studio 1 building for anime in the Fushimi-ku ward of Kyoto, Japan, on the morning of 18 July 2019.

The arson killed at least 36 people, injured 34, and destroyed all materials and computers in Studio 1. It is one of the deadliest killings in Japanese history since the end of World War II and the deadliest building fire in Japan since the Myojo 56 building fire in 2001.

Many heads of state have expressed condolences, including António Guterres, General Secretary of the United Nations. And many donations and massages have send to victims of the arson attack.

On 25 January 2024, the man who has practiced the arson attack is sentence to death for the killings 

John Nott

Sir John William Frederic Nott (born 1 February 1932) is a former British Conservative Party politician. He was well known in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was Secretary of State for Defence during the Argentine invasion of the Falkland Islands and the Falklands War in the Margaret Thatcher cabinet.

Tom King, Baron King of Bridgwater

Thomas Jeremy King, Baron King of Bridgwater, (born 13 June 1933) is a British politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. 

King was in the Cabinet from 1983–92, and was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Bridgwater in Somerset from 1970–2001. He was made a life peer in 2001.

In October 1988, there was a plot to murder King at his home in Winchester during the growing intensity of The Troubles.

Punggol

Punggol (in , in ), which can also be spelt as Ponggol, is a planning area and town. It was built on the Tanjong Pungool peninsula in the North-Eastern part of Singapore. It is North of Sengkang and has a riverline border with Seletar and Pasir Ris. The Straits of Johor is North of it. Coney Island is part of Pungool.

William Henry Thornton

The Reverend W. H. Thornton (1830-1916) became the first vicar of the parish of Exmoor, Somerset, England in 1856. Exmoor was 18,810 acres and had not had a spiritual leader because the population was too small. By 1856, the population had expanded to give the area parish status. 

William Henry Thornton was born, 9th March 1830. His father was head of the tax department Somerset house and they lived in Clapham Common, London. He was educated at Rugby school. In 1847, following a cross country run to the village of Newbold, the seventeen year old Thornton bought some unripe greengages from a street seller and contracted what is believed to be cholera. He was seriously ill for a time, and, upon recovery was found to be “rather delicate”. He went to a friend in Allerford village in the Selworthy district of the Porlock valley, Somersetshire, to convalesce. and build up his strength. His life included hunting, fishing, shooting and riding (at which he would cover prodigious distances for the rest of his life). He developed a lifelong love for the Porlock Valley, which he called “The happy valley and the fairest and choicest little district which exists on the face of the earth”. It was here that he first met Sir Thomas Acland (11th Baronet), from the Holnicote Estate (now owned by the National Trust). He had access to the extensive lands and guns on the estate. He also became a frequent visitor to a house known as Glenthorn, 10 miles away in Countisbury, where he made the acquaintance, and later, friendship of the Knight family from Simonsbath, on Exmoor. It was at this time, also, that he made the acquaintance of John “Jack” Russell, the sporting parson, from Swimbridge, Devon, and they remained in touch until Russell’s death in 1883. Thornton left the Porlock Valley in 1849 and matriculated to Trinity College Cambridge on 24th January. He entered as a "pensioner" (that is a student without emolument). This meant that he was only able to take an ordinary degree (BA) which he gained in 1853. He was awarded an MA from the same college in 1859. 

He left the college in February 1853 although he remained in lodgings in the city. He studied here, for the voluntary theological examination, which he passed in the October. He was ordained at Exeter cathedral in December 1853. He was offered the curacy of Lynton, Devon. During this time he established an effective school at Countisbury, and taught there himself most mornings. He resigned the curacy after 2 years. 

The population of Simonsbath had expanded due to mining in the area to become the parish of Exmoor. His friend Mr. Knight offered him the living at the newly built church and vicarage in the village. So, in 1856, he became the first vicar of Exmoor.

In 1857 he married Grace Anna Furnival (1826 – 1916). They went on to have 8 daughters. 2 of them died in infancy and the firstborn is buried in the churchyard at Simonsbath.

Two years into his incumbency on Exmoor the murder of Anna Maria Burgess, aged 6, took place. She died at the hand of her father, William Burgess, who gave out the story that Anna had gone to live with her grandmother in Porlock Weir. Thornton checked with the grandmother, who confirmed that she had not seen the child. Without a body Thornton could prove nothing but Burgess fled. Thornton personally rode into Wales, where he had tracked him down. He brought him back, and had him held in Exford whilst he awaited permission from the authorities to drain the flooded, and defunct, Wheal Eliza mine, a mile and a half along the Barle Valley from Simonsbath village. Local rumour had it that lights had been seen over the mineshaft and sheep-stealers had found an empty grave upon the moor. It took until the October for permission to be granted to pump the shaft and, in the November, a local young man volunteered to be lowered down it. 360 feet down he found a bundle and, when it was recovered to the surface, Thornton unwrapped it to discover the remains of the child. Burgess was tried at Taunton Assizes, found guilty of the murder, and sentenced to hang. Thornton was his parish priest, and was conscious of his responsibility in that regard, so he visited Burgess in prison and heard his confession. Burgess then also confessed to being responsible for an arson attack at a local farm some years previously. This had resulted in three deaths. Thornton visited the other two Burgess children, working in service and told them of their sister’s death at the hands of their father. He tried to persuade them to see Burgess, but they refused. Burgess shook his hand before he died. 

The remoteness of Simonsbath in mid-Victorian times proved a worry to Grace Thornton, with young daughters, as the nearest medical man was 11 miles away in South Molton, so, in 1860 the family moved south into Devon to take up the living at Dunsford.

He liked the church there very much but they both missed the moorland people and the bracing moorland air. In 1866, having left a second baby girl buried in Dunsford churchyard, they removed to the parish of North Bovey on Dartmoor, Devon, England.

They remained in North Bovey for 50 years. Thornton went on to become Rural dean in 1870, and also held services in other Dartmoor churches, including an open-air one at Postbridge. In 1867 he chased a fraudster (a trustee of the church) to Paris, France, leaving North Bovey on the Tuesday morning. He took a night boat to Boulogne from London and arrived back at the London solicitor’s office on the Thursday morning with the recovered £40,000 in his pocket, and made it home to North Bovey in time for dinner the same evening.

Thornton created his memoirs over a number of years and published 2 volumes privately. "Reminiscences of an Old West Country Clergyman" volumes 1 and 2 were leather bound hardback books. An edited version of the both was published in paperback in 2010.

He died a few months before Grace in 1916; he died on the 31st of March and she in the December. They are both buried in North Bovey churchyard.


Yankee

The term "Yankee" (sometimes shortened to "Yank") have many different meanings. All refer to people from the United States. Outside the United States, "Yank" is used to refer to any American, including Southerners. Within the Southern United States, "Yankee" is a name which refers to all Northerners, or specifically to those from the region of New England, often in a mean way. The "Oxford English Dictionary" says that it is "a nickname for a person from New England, or, more widely, of the northern States generally." During the American Civil War, it was "used by the Confederates to the soldiers of the Federal army".

Elsewhere in the United States, it often refers to people from the Northeastern states, but especially those with New England cultural ties. This would include people who have colonial New England settler ancestors, wherever they live.


Plymouth Congregational Church (Lawrence, Kansas)

Plymouth Congregational Church of Lawrence, Kansas is church that was created in 1854, months after the Territory of Kansas was opened to settlement. The present-day church building was built in 1870, and it is on the National Register of Historic Places.

The architect was John G. Haskell. He designed the Kansas State Capitol.

The Territory of Kansas was opened to settlement by the Kansas–Nebraska Act on May 30, 1854. Reverend Samuel Y. Lum of Middletown, New York was sent by the American Home Missionary Society to create a church in the Kansas Territory. This would become the first church in the entire territory. Before he came, sermons were given by laymen. The first service of Plymouth Congregational Church was held by Lum on October 1, 1854 in a mudbrick boarding house. Settlers who had come from New England came to the service.

Reverend Richard Cordley became a pastor in 1857. This was when the people moved into its first permanent building, called the "Stone Church." Though the building was not completed until 1862. Cordley was an abolitionist and was a free-stater. During the American Civil War, some members were killed by pro-Confederate soldiers in the Lawrence Massacre of 1863. Cordley's home was burned, but the church building was not hurt.

The present-day building, also called "The Brick Church," was designed by architect John G. Haskell. Haskell also worked on other churches, schools, and the Kansas State Courthouse. Construction started in 1868. It was finished in May 1870. it costed $45,000. The windows were made in England. Services have been held regularly in the building since 1870.

The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 2, 2009. The building's architectural style is described as a Victorian-era church building with Gothic and Romanesque Revival characteristics.



Achille, Oklahoma

Achille is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 398.

Disney, Oklahoma

Disney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Barber County, Kansas

Barber County (county code BA) is a county in the south-central part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,228 people lived there. The county seat is Medicine Lodge. Medicine Lodge is also the biggest city in Barber County. Barber County was named after Thomas W. Barber (born 22 February 1814), an abolitionist martyr who was killed in Douglas County on 6 December 1855, during the Wakarusa War.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

This county has generally voted Republican in recent elections. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964.





Adair, Oklahoma

Adair is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Addington, Oklahoma

Addington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Agra, Oklahoma

Agra is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Albion, Oklahoma

Albion is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Alderson, Oklahoma

Alderson is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Alex, Oklahoma

Alex is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bourbon County, Kansas

Bourbon County (county code BB) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020, 14,360 people lived there. Its county seat is Fort Scott. Fort Scott is also the biggest city in Bourbon County.

In 1855, Bourbon County was founded.

Bourbon virus is a new strain of thogotovirus. It was first found in Bourbon County. In spring 2014, an otherwise healthy man was bitten by a tick. The man got the virus. He died 11 days later from organ failure.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Bourbon County is a strongly Republican county. Only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present have resulted in Republicans failing to win the county, with the last of these being in 1964.





Allen, Oklahoma

Allen is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Amber, Oklahoma

Amber is a town in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Decatur County, Kansas

Decatur County (county code DC) is a county in Northwest Kansas. In 2020, 2,764 people lived there. Its county seat is Oberlin. Oberlin is also the biggest city in Decatur County. The county is named after Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr.

Decatur County was created on March 20, 1873 and organized on December 15, 1879. It is named after the Navy war hero Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr.. He served during the First Barbary War and the Second Barbary War and the War of 1812.

Oberlin was where the last Native American (specifically the Northern Cheyenne) Raid in Kansas happened.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.07%) is water.

Decatur county is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Ames, Oklahoma

Ames is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cleo Springs, Oklahoma

Cleo Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Chêne-Bourg

Chêne-Bourg is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Jewell County, Kansas

Jewell County (county code JW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,932 people lived there. Its county seat is Mankato. Mankato is also the biggest city in Jewell County.

In 1887, Jewell County was created. It was named after Lieutenant Colonel Lewis R. Jewell of the 6th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.5%) is water.





Scott County, Kansas

Scott County (standard abbreviation: SC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,151 people lived there. Its county seat is Scott City. Scott City is the only city in the county.

In 1873, Scott County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Before 1940, Scott County was a swing county. They voted for the national winner in every presidential election from 1904 to 1936. After 1940, it has become one of the most Republican counties in the entire nation. Each of the last six presidential elections have resulted in the Republican candidate winning over 70 percent of the county's vote.


The Scott County Public Library is at 110 West 8th in Scott City. The Scott County Library was the first free county public library in the state of Kansas. It was created in 1923.




Seward County, Kansas

Seward County (standard abbreviation: SW) is a county of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 21,964 people lived there. The county seat is Liberal. Liberal is also the biggest city in Seward County. The county was created on March 20, 1873. It was named after William Henry Seward.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. It borders Oklahoma to the south.

The Liberal, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Seward County.

Seward County has voted Republican since 1940. The last time Seward County voted for a Democratic candidate for President was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. In the Kansas Senate it is currently represented by Republican Garrett Love. In the Kansas House of Representatives it is represented by Republicans Bill Light and Carl Holmes.






Sumner County, Kansas

Sumner County (standard abbreviation: SU) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 22,382 people lived there. Its county seat is Wellington.

On February 26, 1867, Sumner County was created from parts of Marion County and Butler County. It was named after Charles Sumner, a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1811–74), who was wanted Kansas to be a free state.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a north-south railroad from Herington to Caldwell. This railroad connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. By 1893, this railroad was slowly built to Fort Worth, Texas. This line is called the "OKT".

In December 2011, the Kansas Star Casino opened about west of the center of Mulvane.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.

Sumner County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area

Sumner County often votes for the Republican Party in Presidential elections. However, in 1992 George H.W Bush won the county by less than two percent. The last time they have voted for a Democratic candidate was in 1976 for Jimmy Carter.



Reno County, Kansas

Reno County (standard abbreviation: RN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 61,898 people lived there. The county seat is Hutchinson. Hutchinson is also the biggest city in Reno County.

In 1867, Reno County was created.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Herington to Pratt. This railroad connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this railroad was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. This railroad is called the "Golden State Limited".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the third-biggest county by area in Kansas.

The Hutchinson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Reno County.

Russell county is almost always Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Miami County, Kansas

Miami County (county code MI) is a county in east-central Kansas. In 2020, 34,191 people lived there. Its county seat is Paola. Paola is also the biggest city in Miami County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.5%) is water.

Miami County is included in the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Republic County, Kansas

Republic County (standard abbreviation: RP) is a county in the state of Kansas. It is south from the Nebraska border. In 2020 census, 4,674 people lived there. The county seat is Belleville. Belleville is also the biggest city in Republic County.

Indian tribes lived in the area before white settlers came. The tribes included the Pawnee, Iowa, and Otoe.

In 1860, Republic County was created by the Kansas legislature. The county is named after the Republican River.

Daniel and Conrad Myers were the first white settlers. They arrived in February 1861. By 1868, Republic County was holding elections.

After the Civil War and during the 19th century, a lot of European immigrants (mostly from Sweden and the Czech Republic) came to Belleville and the area around it.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. This railroad was called "Strong City and Superior line". Later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, (or 99.45%) is land and (or 0.55%) is water.

Republic County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won the county except for Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and Woodrow Wilson in 1912 and 1916. Since 1996, the Republican candidate has won seventy percent of the county’s vote.




McGurk's Bar bombing

On 4 December 1971, the Ulster Volunteer Force placed a bomb at the entrance to a pub in New Lodge, Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. It exploded, killing 15 people, injuring 17 others and destroying the building.

Fort Rouge (fortification)

Fort Rouge is the former name of the city of Winnipeg in Manitoba, Canada. Its exact location is unknown. Its name in English means "red fort".

Rice County, Kansas

Rice County (standard abbreviation: RC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,427 people lived there. The county seat is Lyons. Lyons is also the biggest city in Rice County. The county was named after Samuel Allen Rice, Brigadier-General, United States volunteers, killed April 30, 1864, at Jenkins Ferry, Arkansas.

In 1867, Rice County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Pratt County, Kansas

Pratt County (standard abbreviation: PR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,157 people lived there. The county seat is Pratt. Pratt is also the biggest city in Pratt County.

In 1867, Pratt County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.09%) is water.





Rawlins County, Kansas

Rawlins County (standard abbreviation: RA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,561 people lived there. The county seat is Atwood. Atwood is also the biggest city in Rawlins County. It was named after Union Civil War General John Aaron Rawlins.

In 1873, Rawlins County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.


The county is part of the very Republican Kansas's 1st congressional district. It has voted for the Republican candidate for President in each of the last eighteen elections. The last Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. In the last five Presidential elections the Democratic candidate has never won more than 21% of the county's vote.





Meade County, Kansas

Meade County (standard abbreviation: ME) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,055 people lived there. The county seat is Meade. Meade is also the biggest city in Meade County. The county was created in 1873. It was named after General George G. Meade.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Meade County is often won by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has won this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Mitchell County, Kansas

Mitchell County (standard abbreviation: MC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,796 people lived there. The county seat is Beloit. Beloit is also the biggest city in Mitchell County.

In 1867, Mitchell County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.4%) is water.

Before 1940, Mitchell County was a swing county. They voted for the national winner in every presidential election from 1900 to 1936. Since 1940, it has become very Republican. Only George H. W. Bush in 1992 failed win a majority in the county due to Ross Perot's strong showing in Kansas.







Russell County, Kansas

Russell County (standard abbreviation: RS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,691 people lived there. The county seat is Russell. Russell is also the biggest city in Russell County.

In 1867, Russell County was established.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.5%) is water.




Rush County, Kansas

Rush County (standard abbreviation: RH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,956 people lived there. The county seat is La Crosse. La Crosse is also the biggest city in Rush County.

In 1867, Rush County was created. Rush County was organized on December 5, 1874. La Crosse and Rush Center competed to become the county seat. This lasted 10 years until La Crosse finally became the county seat.

The first county fair was held in 1910 south of Rush Center.

In 2015, the "Alexander Wind Farm" was built south of Alexander. It cost about $85 million. It generates 48 megawatts of power.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Walnut Creek, a tributary of the Arkansas River, goes through the county. Other streams help provide it water.

Rush County is very Republican.




Ruanruan

Ruanruan (; also called Rouran) is an extinct language of Mongolia and northern China. It was spoken in the Rouran Khaganate from the 4th to the 6th centuries CE.

Most linguists argue it is likely a Mongolic or Turkic language but some say Ruanruan may be a Yeniseian language. 

In 2018, "Brāhmī Bugut" and "Khüis Tolgoi" inscriptions suggest that the Ruanruan language was a Mongolic language, close to Middle Mongolian.

Phillips County, Kansas

Phillips County (standard abbreviation: PL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,981 people lived there. The county seat is Phillipsburg. Phillipsburg is also the biggest city in Phillips County.

In 1867, Phillips County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

Phillips County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Phillips County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Pawnee County, Kansas

Pawnee County (standard abbreviation: PN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,253 people lived there. The county seat is Larned. Larned is also the biggest city in Pawnee County.

The county is named after the Pawnee Tribe.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.

Pawnee County has been mostly Republican for its history. However, there have been multiple time where it was considered a swing county. This means backing the national winner in all presidential elections from 1904 to 1936 as well as 1964 to 1988. It has moved away from bellwether status since 1988.





Chautauqua County, Kansas

Chautauqua County (county code CQ) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020, 3,379 people lived there. Its county seat is Sedan. Sedan is also the biggest city in Chautauqua County. Chautauqua County is named after Chautauqua County, New York, where Edward Jaquins was born. Jaquins was a Kansas politician who was important in getting the county created.

Chautauqua County was created by an act of the Kansas legislature on June 1, 1875. They divided Howard County into Elk County (the northern half) and Chautauqua County (the southern half). At the time of its creation, about 7,400 people lived there.

The first white settlers in the area that became Chautauqua County came in July 1868.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Chautauqua is a very Republican county. The only Republican to ever lose the county has been Herbert Hoover in 1932. Other than the never-Democratic, historically Yankee Doniphan County, Chautauqua County was the only Kansas county to give incumbent President William Howard Taft a plurality in 1912. The last Democrat to win thirty percent of the county’s vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988. In 2016 Hillary Clinton won only thirteen percent.





Chase County, Kansas

Chase County (county code CS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,572 people lived there. Its county seat is Cottonwood Falls. Cottonwood Falls is also the biggest city in Chase County. The center of population of Kansas is in Chase County, about four miles north of Strong City.

In 1859, Chase County was created in the Kansas Territory.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Emporia to Newton. In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The south-western border one mile "notch" into Marion County was created under strange circumstances. There was a murder. Marion County didn't want to have the trial, so a section one mile wide and eighteen miles long was given to Chase County. This was to make it so that the murder had happened there. The one mile strip of land is still part of Chase County.


The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau






Cheyenne County, Kansas

Cheyenne County (county code CN) is a county in the northwest corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,616 people lived there. Its county seat is St. Francis. St. Francis is also the biggest city in Cheyenne County.

In 1873, Cheyenne County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

The county is in the Central Time zone, but is bordered by the Mountain Time Zone in three directions; it is the only county in the United States to be like this. Dundy County, Nebraska to the north, Yuma County, Colorado and Kit Carson County, Colorado to the west, and Sherman County to the south are all in the Mountain Time Zone. Because of this, Rawlins County is Cheyenne County's only neighbor to also practice Central Time.

Cheyenne County is very Republican. Only four Republican presidential candidates since 1888 have lost the county.





Heqin

Heqin means marriage alliance. The term is used in Chinese history. An emperor would marry one of his princesses to his enemy. In return they would have peace with the enemy. It did not always work, and many people hated it.

Rouran

The Rouran () ruled northern China during the Sixteen Kingdoms period.

They were either proto-Mongols or Turkic. They spoke the Ruanruan language, an Altaic or Sino–Tibetan language.

They descended from the Xianbei. The Rouran are the first to use the words "khan" or "khagan". The Rouran Khaganate existed between the 4-6 centuries. They were then overthrown by the Gokturks. This led to the rise of the Turkic peoples.

The Rouran may have fled west after that and become part of the Pannonian Avars. The Göktürks chased after these "Avars" into the Byzantine Empire.

The Rouran were nomads. They lived in the eastern Eurasian Steppe (Mongolia and northeast China). They overthrew the Xianbei. Most Xianbei moved south and lived in Northern China. Kwok Kin Poon argues the Rouran descended from the Donghu Xianbei.

The founder of the Rouran Khaganate was Yujiulu Shelun. He descended from slaves of the Xianbei. The Xianbei used the word rouran to mean "wriggling worms".

After the Xianbei moved south in the 3rd century, the Rouran took over and conquered a lot of land.

In 402 Shelun unified all of the Rouran. They defeated the neighboring Tiele and expanded to the Silk Roads. They then conquered and vassalized the Hephthalites (of Central Asia) until 5th century.

The Hepthalites then moved towards India and replaced the Yuezhi in Bactria. The Hephtalites borrowed much culture and language from the Rouran: including the word "Khan".

In 429, Northern Wei (where the Xianbei settled) attacked the Rouran and killed many.

In 434, the Rouran made a heqin with Northern Wei.

Between 440-460, the Northern Wei attacked and defeated the Rouran several times.

The Rouran made a heqin with the Han-Chinese ruler Gao Huan of Eastern Wei.

In 508, the Tiele defeated the Rouran.

In 516, the Rouran defeated the Tiele.

In 551, Bumin of the Ashina Göktürks () defeated the Tiele revolt for the Rouran. In return Bumin asked for a Rouran princess (heqin). Rouran refused, so Bumin declared independence.

Bumin made a heqin with the Western Wei (descend from Northern Wei). Bumin then attacked the Rouran in 552, killing Yujiulü Anagui. Bumin then conquered Otuken.

He declared himself Illig Khagan and started the Turkic Khaganate. He died soon Bumin but his son Issik Qaghan succeeded him. Issik continued attacking the Rouran but died a year later in 553. His brother Muqan Qaghan finished the job and annihilated the Rouran in 555.

Eurasian Steppe

The Eurasian Steppe (or Ya'ou Steppe; 亚欧草原) is a steppe ecoregion (a huge stretch of grasslands) in north Eurasia. It stretches from Eastern Europe, Russia, Kazakhstan, to Mongolia and north China. It is south of Siberia.

For most of history, nomads lived and wandered there on horseback. The horse may have came from the steppe, around Kazakhstan. With the horses the steppe was a highway that moved people from China to Europe. For this reason it became important for the Silk Road.

The steppe has been ruled by many empires. Examples are the Altaic people, Chinese, Slavic people, and Central Asians: including the Xiongnu, Scythians, Han dynasty, Xianbei, Sogdians, Turkic Khaganate, Khazars, Tang Dynasty, Mongol Empire, Russian Empire, and Qing dynasty.

Otuken

Ötüken was the capital of the Turkic Khaganate. Otugan was around Mongolia and Central Asia on the Khangan Plateau. Ötüken probably stretched "from the Khangai Range of Central Mongolia to the Sayan Mountains of Tuva [Siberia], at the centre of which is the Orkhon Valley". which for centuries was regarded as the seat of the imperial power of the steppes.

It was also an important place in Turkic mythology and Tengrism. Otukan means Mother Earth.

Chu River

The Chu (or Shu, from Chinese: "chǔ") is a river in northern Kyrgyzstan and southern Kazakhstan. It is 1067 km long and is one of the longest rivers in Central Asia, a landlocked region. They are the homeplace of the Dungan people, who moved there during the Qing dynasty.

Lake Balqash

Lake Balkhash (, ) is located in Kazakhstan. It is one of the largest lakes in Asia and 15th largest in the world ().

It belongs to a Central Asian endorheic basin shared by Kazakhstan, China, and Kyrgyzstan. Water moves from the basin to Balqash via seven rivers. The most important one is the Ili River. Water in the Ili River comes from melted snow from the mountains of China's Xinjiang.

The name of Lake Balkhash is the word balkaš, which in Turkic languages means “swampy area” (or marshland).

The first Europeans to receive information about the lake were William of Rubruk () and Pian del Carpine () in the 13th century.

In 1886, Russian researcher Ivan Mushketov () wrote the book “Turkestan”, in which he wrote all the known information about Lake Balkhash.

In 1903-1904, the Russian Geographical Society () explored the lake, the leader of the study was Lev Berg ().

Lake Balkhash is a large, closed, and slightly saline lake. It is located in the arid (dry) zone of Central Asia on
southeast of Kazakhstan.

Saryesik peninsula,
located in the middle of the lake divides it into two parts that are different from each other.

Its length is 605 km, its width varies from 9 to 19 km in the east
parts and up to 74 km - in the western.

The lake borders four
regions: Almaty Region, the southeastern part of
Karaganda Region, southwestern part of East Kazakhstan Region and
eastern - Zhambyl Region, as well as the northwestern part of the province
Xinjiang of China.

Climate

The climate in the lake area is semi-desert. The average temperature in July is about 24 °C (75.2 °F), in January about -8 °C. Precipitation averages 120 mm per year. Relative air humidity is 55-60%.

The average annual wind speed is about 4.5-4.8 meters per second. The surface water temperature ranges from 0 °C (32 °F) in December to 28 °C (82.4 °F) in July; at depth it changes little (temperature difference is no more than 3.3 °C). The lake freezes every year; the ice usually lasts from November to March-April.

North–South Corridor, Singapore

The North–South Corridor (NSC), at first known as the North–South Expressway, will be the 11th expressway of Singapore. It will serve extra traffic along the north-south corridor that is currently being served by the Central Expressway (CTE). It was announced on 30 January 2008. It was announced during a major review of Singapore's transport network by the Land Transport Authority (LTA). The expressway would cost about S$7–8 billion when to build. It is planned to be finished being built in 2026. It will connect the East Coast Parkway (ECP) with the northern parts of Singapore.

The NSC will have 16 entrances and 17 exits to connect towns along the north-south corridor. They are Woodlands, Sembawang, Yishun, Ang Mo Kio, Bishan and Toa Payoh. It will connect them with the city centre. The NSC will also connect with already-built expressways, like the Seletar Expressway (SLE), Pan-Island Expressway (PIE) and East Coast Parkway (ECP).

According to the Land Transport Authority, the bus lanes along the NSC will reduce bus travelling times from Woodlands, Sembawang, Yishun and Ang Mo Kio to the city by up to 30 minutes. It is done through morning and evening peak express bus services. It can speed up bus routes between towns along the NSC faster by allowing buses to use the ramps and bus lanes in it. A cycling path along the entire length of the highway will link up Park Connector Networks and cycling path networks within HDB towns along the entire road to the city centre.

At first, it was supposed to be built by 2023. Because of construction delays, it now can only be built by 2026.

On 19 January 2011, the government allowed the expressway to be built. It was to be built between the roads Admiralty Road West and Toa Payoh Rise. On 15 November 2011, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) revealed the whole route of the North-South Corridor. 

It was first planned to be an expressway for vehicles to be built by 2020. However, the corridor will now be built as Singapore's first "integrated transport corridor". It will have bus routes and cycling path along the entire expressway. Its construction was supposed to start in 2017, and it was supposed to be finally built by 2023. However, the first contract was only given in November 2017, with construction work starting in early 2018. 

Now, it is planned to be finished by 2026.

The NSC will stat at Admiralty Road West in the North of Singapore. It would go south and pass by Woodlands and Sembawang. It would have a junction with the Seletar Expressway. It would then go through Toa Payoh. It would run parallel with the Central Expressway, and then join the East Coast Parkway in the city.

The LTA tried to use as much state land as possible. This makes sure that as few private properties are take as possible. Even though the expressway is underground in its Southern part, some land had to be taken. This is because there are MRT tunnels blocking its way. The Rochor Centre had to be demolished because of this. Some underpasses at Novena Square had to be demolished. The Ellison Building may also have to be demolished.

Expressways of Singapore

The expressways of Singapore are:

Pentium 4

Pentium 4 is a seventh generation single core Microprocessor of x86 architecture (32-bit), manufactured by Intel. Its first complete redesign CPU (called NetBurst) since the processor Pentium Pro, released in 1995. Compared to the Pentium II, Pentium III and Celeron processors, its architecture is little similar to the Pentium Pro/P6 processor design. The NetBurst microarchitecture contains a very deep instruction pipeline to be able to achieve very high frequencies. The Pentium 4 was known for being inefficient and producing a large amount of heat. Because of this, Intel introduced the Core 2 in 2006. Intel stopped making the Pentium 4 in 2008.

Lee-Enfield

The Lee-Enfield is a series of bolt-action rifles that was used by the British Armed Forces. It was the main British rifle for the first half of the 20th century, and was used until the end of the century.

While it was not as powerful as rifles used by other countries during both World War I and World War II, it was well-known for holding a lot of bullets and for having a very high rate of fire.

The Lee-Enfield can be loaded with two magazines of five British .303 bullets, allowing for the shooter to have up to ten bullets in the rifle at a time.

Even though bolt-action rifles tend to fire much more slowly than semi-automatic or fully automatic weapons, the Lee-Enfield can fire almost as fast as a semi-automatic rifle if the shooter is well-trained with the weapon. This is because the rifle's bolt needs very little movement to eject and load the rifle.

Mosin-Nagant

The Mosin-Nagant is a series of bolt-action rifles used by the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union. It was their main rifle throughout the Russo-Japanese War, World War I and World War II. After World War II, it was replaced by the SKS rifle. It was also commonly used by the USSR's allies during the Cold War, and it is still used today by some smaller militaries. It is also popular with civilians due to its cheap price. It is the most produced bolt-action rifle of all-time. More than 37 million Mosin-Nagants were made.

It holds up five 7.62 x 54mmR bullets, which is still used by Russian machine guns and sniper rifles today.

It was the rifle used by Vasily Zaytsev, a Soviet World War II sniper and one of the deadliest snipers of all time.

7.62×54mmR

The 7.62×54mmR round is a bullet used for Russian guns. It is used for guns like the Mosin–Nagant rifle, the SVD rifle, and the PK machine gun.

Bai people

The Baizu (Bai language: 白和; ; literally: white people) are East Asian. They are one of the 56 ethnic groups of China. In 2010 their population was 1,933,510. They live mostly in Yunnan.

Tubo

Tubo (, Tibetan: བོད་ཆེན་པོ, bod chen po), also called the Tibetan Empire, existed from the 7th to 9th centuries. Its first king was Songtsen Gampo. Its second king was Mangsong Mangzan. It controlled the Tibetan Plateau as well as parts of Central Asia and South Asia. They came after the Zhangzhung people, who practiced the Bon religion. The Tibet empire imported Buddhism from China and India, combined it with the native Bon religion, and created Tibetan Buddhism. Gampo also helped invent the Tibetan alphabet during this time.

Bamar

The Bamar (Burmese: ဗမာလူမျိုး bama loo-myo), Burmese or Burmans are the largest ethnic group in Myanmar. The Bamar live around the Irrawaddy River. They speak the Burmese language, the official language of Myanmar.

The Burmese-speaking people first migrated from Yunnan, China to the Irrawaddy valley in the 7th century. Over the following centuries, the Burmese absorbed other groups like the Pyu. DNA tests show that the Bamar are East Eurasian, related to Southeast Asian and Northeast Asian people. But they also have "Indian influences".

The Bamar speak Burmese, a Sino-Tibetan language. So basic words are related to Chinese language and Tibetan language. Many words related to Buddhism are borrowed from Pali. The Burmese alphabet itself is based on Indian scripts.

Nanzhao

Nanzhao are a Sino-Tibetan kingdom that existed southern China and Southeast Asia during the 8th and 9th centuries. It was centered in Yunnan, China.

Most Nanzhao were Bai people. They spoke Nuosu ("Yi"), a Tibeto-Burman language related to Burmese. They descended from the Cuan clan. The Cuan migrated from Taiyuan to Yunnan during Zhuge Liang's Southern Campaign in 225. By the fourth century they controlled Yunnan.

In 593, they rebelled against the Sui dynasty. But in 602 the Sui destroyed the rebellion. The Cuan split into two groups: the Black and White Mywa.

The White Mywa tribes lived near lake Erhai. In 704 the Tubo made these kingdoms into vassals or tributaries.

In 737, the Tang dynasty helped unify the tribes and create a new kingdom called the Nanzhao (南诏 "Southern Zhao"). In 738 the capital was established in Taihe (south of Dali). It was in the Erhai valley; the mountains made it easy to defend; and there was a lot of farmland.

In 750 the Nanzhao attacked the Tang. In 751 Tang governor of Sichuan, Xianyu Zhongtong then attacked Nanzhao with an army of 80,000 soldiers. He was defeated by Duan Jianwei (段俭魏).

In 754, the Tang sent another 100,000 soldiers, led by General Li Mi (李宓), but never made it past Mu'ege. The Tubo then became friends with the Tubo. This alliance then ended in 794.

In 801 the Nanzhao and Tang defeated Tibetan and their slave Abbasid soldiers. Nanzhao then expanded into Myanmar and conquered Pyu city-states from 820-832.

In 829, the Nanzhao failed to attack Chengdu (Sichuan). In the 830s, they conquered Kunlun to the east and Nuwang to the south.

In 846, 859, 863, the Nanzhao attacked Annam (Vietnam, then part of the Tang). In 869, the Nanzhao again failed to capture Chengdu.

In 873, the Yang family of Shanxi kicked the Nanzhao were out of Sichuan. In 877 the Yang kicked them out of Guizhou. The Nanzhao retreated to Yunnan, and they slowly died. In 902, their chief minister murdered most of the royal family, including the heir apparent. In 937, Duan Siping seized power and created the Dali Kingdom.

They were Vajrayana Buddhists. Many people living in Yunnan still are.

They called it . Azhali is a bit different from Han Buddhist schools like Zen (Chan Buddhism). But it has Han, Tibetan, and Burmese influences. Nanzhao likely had strong religious connections with the (Myanmar), Tibet, and Bengal ().

It was started around 821-824 by an Indian monk from India called Candragupta (赞陀崛多, Zantuojueduo). More monks from India arrived in 825 and 828 and helped build a temple in .

The last king of Nanzhao made Buddhism the official religion.

Rosé (singer)

Roseanne Park is a New Zealand-born singer raised in Australia. She is based in South Korea and goes by the mononym Rosé. She is a member of Blackpink, which is the highest-charting female K-pop group. On March 12, 2021, she debuted as a solo artist with her single album "-R-", which received lots of positive feedback from listeners. 

Rosé was born in New Zealand on 11 February 1997. At the age of seven, she moved to Australia. In 2012, she passed a YG Entertainment audition at the age of 16. She later signed with YG Entertainment and moved to South Korea.


List of unused or defunct New York City Subway services

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) does not use some letters and numbers to identify routes on the New York City Subway.


The MTA privately (or internally) uses the number 0 and the letter H, to help their computers recognize the three separate shuttles. The three shuttles use the letter S on maps and posters, and this can confuse computers.


The MTA reserves the letters T and X to identify the services that they want to build or run in the future.




Trains of the R142, R143, R160, R179 and R188 types use digital displays, meaning that they can easily display any service number or letter.

G98 Mauser rifle

The G98 Mauser rifle is a bolt-action rifle used by Germany from 1898 until the end of World War I. It was the German military's main rifle during that time. In 1935, it was replaced by Kar98k, a carbine version of the G98.

It was not the first bolt-action rifle ever made, but its design is so well-liked by militaries worldwide that many bolt-action rifles copied its design. Some rifles based on the G98 that were made in other countries include the American M1903 Springfield rifle and the Japanese Type 38 and Type 99 Arisaka rifles. Even today, many bolt-action rifles still follow the G98's basic design.

The rifle held up to five 7.92 x 57mm Mauser rounds. It was also clip-fed, which means that the shooter can load many bullets at one time, rather than just one bullet at a time.

M1903 Springfield rifle

The M1903 Springfield rifle was a bolt-action rifle used by the Military of the United States during both World War I, World War II, the Korean War, and the early part of the Vietnam War.

The Springfield was based on the German G98 Mauser rifle. It holds up to five .30-06 Springfield bullets.

It was the US's main rifle during World War I. In 1936, it was replaced by the M1 Garand, a semi-automatic rifle. This was because semi-automatic rifles could fire bullets more quickly than bolt-action rifles. This was important because in World War I much of the fighting took place in trenches. In tight spaces like those in trench warfare, it is very important to be able to shoot quickly, and semi-automatic firearms do a better job at that than bolt-action rifles. However, it was still commonly used during World War II, and it became the main sniper rifle for the US. It was the main sniper rifle of the US until the early part of the Vietnam War.

.30-06 Springfield

The .30-06 Springfield cartridge, pronounced "thirty-aught-six", is a cartridge used for firearms made in the United States. It was first used for the M1903 Springfield rifle.

The ".30" means that the bullet is .30 inches (7.62 millimeters) in diameter, and the "06" means it was first used in the US military in the year 1906

The .30-06 is known for having high stopping power (meaning it does a lot of damage to a human or animal body), high penetration power (it can pierce through thick layers), and a long effective range (it is accurate for a long distance).

In the US military, it was the main bullet used for rifles and light machine guns for the first half of the 20th century. Guns that shot the .30-06 include the M1903 Springfield, the M1 Garand, the M1917, the M1919 Browning machine gun, and the BAR.

However, when the US created NATO, it replaced all the .30-06 military weapons with those that used the 7.62 x 51mm NATO bullet. This is because NATO requires the militaries of all its member countries to use the same kinds of ammunition.

However, there are still many American hunting and sporting rifles made today that fire the .30-06 because it is still very popular with hunters and competitive shooters.

Effective range

Effective range is the distance a well-aimed bullet can hit a target accurately. A bullet shot can actually travel far past its effective range, but it is not certain if it will hit its target then, even if the shot was well-aimed. Generally, bullets with a higher muzzle velocity will have a longer effective range.

Muzzle velocity

Muzzle velocity is the speed that a bullet travels as soon as it is fired. Bullets with higher muzzle velocities tend to have higher effective ranges.

Shirley Williams

Shirley Vivian Teresa Brittain Williams, Baroness Williams of Crosby, ("née" Catlin; 27 July 1930 – 12 April 2021) was a British politician. 

Williams was originally a Labour MP - first elected to the House of Commons in 1964 - but left to found the Social Democratic Party (later the Liberal Democrats) in 1981. She served in government through the 1960s and 70s, but was defeated as an MP in 1983. She was awarded a life peerage in 1993 and retired in 2016. She was made a Companion of Honour in 2017.

Williams was the daughter of the author Vera Brittain and Sir George Catlin. She died on 12 April 2021, aged 90.

Antonia Fraser

Lady Antonia Margaret Caroline Fraser (née Pakenham; born 27 August 1932) is a British historian and author. She is best known for history books, biographies and detective stories.

Lady Antonia was the daughter of the 7th Earl and Countess of Longford. She was married to Hugh Fraser from 1956 until their divorce in 1977. She was then married to the playwright Harold Pinter from 1980 until his death in 2008. She attended the University of Oxford. Her first major book - a biography of Mary, Queen of Scots was published in 1969.

She was awarded a damehood in 2011 and was made a Companion of Honour in 2018.

Evelyn Glennie

Dame Evelyn Elizabeth Ann Glennie (born 19 July 1965) is a Scottish musician specialising in percussion.

Glennie has been deaf since the age of 12. She uses vibrations of the instruments to play during performances.

She was awarded a damehood in 2007, and was made a Companion of Honour in 2017.

Her deafness was first discovered by her mother Isabel Glennie when Evelyn tries to play a piano at the age of 8.

Terajoule

The terajoule (TJ) is equal to one trillion (10) joules; or about 0.278 GWh (which is often used in energy tables). About 63 TJ of energy was released by the atomic bomb that exploded over Hiroshima. The International Space Station, with a mass of approximately 450 megagrams and orbital velocity of 7.7 km/s, has a kinetic energy of roughly 13 TJ. In 2017 Hurricane Irma was estimated to have a peak wind energy of 112 TJ.

Hipercor bombing

The Hipercor bombing was a car bombing by Basque separatist group ETA. It happened on 19 June 1987 at the Hipercor shopping centre on Avinguda Meridiana, Barcelona, Spain. It killed 21 people and injured another 45.

Mary Peters

Lady Mary Elizabeth Peters (born 6 July 1939) is a retired athlete and sportsperson from Northern Ireland. She won a gold medal at the 1972 Olympic Games for pentathlon, as well as three gold medals in the Commonwealth Games in shot put and pentathlon.

She founded the Mary Peters Trust which helps young people in Northern Ireland to take part in sport. She was also Lord Lieutenant of Belfast from 2009 to 2014.

She was made a dame in 2000, a Companion of Honour in 2015, and a Lady Companion of the Order of the Garter in 2019.

Kathleen Lonsdale

Dame Kathleen Lonsdale (née Yardley; 28 January 1903 – 1 April 1971) was a British pacifist, prison reformer and crystallographer. She got her degree from University College London in 1924, and was awarded a doctorate in 1934. She used X-ray diffraction to work out the structure of lots of chemicals, and used X-rays to study crystals.

Lonsdale was the first woman to be made a professor at University College London (1949), one of the first women to be made a Fellow of the Royal Society (1945), and was made a dame in 1956.

Tropical Storm Nari

Tropical Storm Nari was a Storm that devastated Japan. 

On the afternoon of July 23, a tropical disturbance was formed in the southern waters of Japan, and the US Naval Research Laboratory gave a disturbance number of 91W. Soon after, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center rated the system "low" and upgraded to "Medium" at 10 am.
At 5 am on July 24, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical depression. At 8 o'clock in the morning, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a gale warning, and the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan upgraded it to a tropical depression, giving the number 11. At 11 am, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical depression. In the afternoon, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to “High” and issued a tropical cyclone warning.
At 10 am on July 25, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded it to a tropical depression, giving the tropical cyclone number 07W. At 9 pm, the combined typhoon warning center upgraded the system to a tropical storm.

At 8 am on July 26, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical storm. At 9 o'clock in the morning, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical storm, giving the international number 1906 and named it "Nari." The Hong Kong Observatory downgraded Nari to a tropical depression at 2 am on July 27 and downgraded it to a low pressure zone at 2 pm. At 6 o'clock in the morning, Nari landed in the south of Mie Prefecture, Japan. At 3 pm, the Japan Meteorological Agency downgraded to a tropical depression. On the morning of July 28, Nari completely dissipated.

The city of Wakayama recorded rainfall of 47.5 millimeters in an hour through to 9:05 a.m. A maximum instantaneous wind speed of 25 meters per second was registered at the cape of Shionomisaki in Kushimoto, Wakayama Prefecture, at around 5:20 a.m.

The storm, which was downgraded to a tropical depression at around 3 p.m., was projected to travel across the Tokai central region before reaching the seas east of the Kanto region by Sunday morning.

The agency warned residents in the Tokai and Kanto-Koshinetsu regions to be on high alert for heavy rain. 

Heavy rain and gusty winds spread across central Honshu through Saturday. Localized downpours will also spread over eastern Shikoku. 

Leake County, Mississippi

Leake County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,275 people lived there. Its county seat is Carthage.

Simpson County, Mississippi

Simpson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,949 people lived there. Its county seat is Mendenhall.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.







Amorita, Oklahoma

Amorita is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Apache, Oklahoma

Apache is a town in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,034 at the 2020 census.

Arapaho, Oklahoma

Arapaho is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Custer County.

Congressional caucus

A congressional caucus is a group of members of the United States Congress. They meet to try to make common legislative goals. Caucuses are created as congressional member organizations (CMOs) through the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. They are governed under the rules of these chambers. They are sometimes called conferences (especially Republican ones), coalitions, study groups, task forces, or working groups. Many other countries use the term parliamentary group. For example, the Parliament of the United Kingdom has many all-party parliamentary groups.

Nelson Muntz

Nelson Mandela Muntz is a fictional character in the animated television series The Simpsons. Nelson is a school bully. Nelson always laughs at other people. He first appeared in the episode, Bart the General, in which Bart Simpson convinces everyone to fight back against Nelson. Nelson repeatedly throws Bart into a trash can. He also is seen pushing people into lockers and torments other characters especially Milhouse Van Houten and more often minor character Martin Prince by giving them wedgies. In the episode Revenge is a Dish Best Served Three Times Over, in a story called The Revenge of the Geeks, Milhouse gets revenge against all the bullies using a weapon that causes them to experience everything they did to the nerds. Lisa Simpson convinces Milhouse to put down his weapon and Nelson shows up saying "you forgot about me because I had the mumps" and then uses Milhouse's weapon against Milhouse. In the episode Dial N for Nerder, Martin Prince is seemingly killed by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson who then cover up what happened and Nelson tries to get to the bottom of it. It is revealed in the show that when he was a young child Nelson's father left to get a pack of cigarettes and never came back. Nelson is poor. At one point Nelson dates Lisa Simpson.

Hendrix, Oklahoma

Hendrix is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Arkoma, Oklahoma

Arkoma is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Armstrong, Oklahoma

Armstrong is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Avant, Oklahoma

Avant is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Osage County.

Arnett, Oklahoma

Arnett is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Ellis County.

Ashland, Oklahoma

Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mannford, Oklahoma

Mannford is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Atwood, Oklahoma

Atwood is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bearden, Oklahoma

Bearden is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bennington, Oklahoma

Bennington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bernice, Oklahoma

Bernice is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bessie, Oklahoma

Bessie is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bethel Acres, Oklahoma

Bethel Acres is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Big Cabin, Oklahoma

Big Cabin is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Billings, Oklahoma

Billings is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Binger, Oklahoma

Binger is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carmen, Oklahoma

Carmen is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Blackburn, Oklahoma

Blackburn is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Blair, Oklahoma

Blair is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fallis, Oklahoma

Fallis is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

As of the census of 2000, there were 28 people, 13 households, and 7 families living in the town. The population density was 81.2 people per square mile (31.8/km). There were 17 houses at an average density of 49.3 per square mile (19.3/km). The racial makeup of the town was 92.86% White and 7.14% African American.

Bradley, Oklahoma

Bradley is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Grady County.

Avengers: Infinity War

Avengers: Infinity War is a 2018 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to "The Avengers" (2012) and "" (2015) and the 19th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

It was directed by Anthony and Joe Russo with the screenplay written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. The movie features a ensemble cast including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Benedict Cumberbatch, Don Cheadle, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie, Sebastian Stan, Danai Gurira, Letitia Wright, Dave Bautista, Zoe Saldaña, Josh Brolin, and Chris Pratt. 

It premiered in Los Angeles on April 23, 2018 and was released in the United States on April 27. It was positively welcomed by audiences, fans and film critics alike which praised its directing, story, humor, character dynamics, emotional weight, musical score, Thanos's representation, CGI and action scenes. A sequel was made for it, titled "", and was released on April 26, 2019.

The supervillain Thanos comes from a planet called Titan whose people are all dead because of overpopulation. To prevent the same thing from happening to other worlds, Thanos decides to kill half of all living beings on every planet in the entire Universe. To do that, Thanos tries to find six Infinity Stones and bring them together in a glove called an Infinity Gauntlet so that he can make anything he wants to happen with a snap of his fingers.

Thanos gets an Infinity Stone called the Power Stone by destroying the planet Xandar. He gets an Infinity Stone called the Space Stone by striking a deal with Loki in exchange for not killing Thor, killing Loki in the process, He steals the Reality Stone from the Collector; he gets the Soul Stone in exchange for killing his daughter Gamora. He strikes a deal with Dr. Strange to get the Time Stone in exchange for not killing Iron Man. 

Because Thor lost his hammer to his half-sister, he, Rocket and Groot go to a dying star to make a new weapon that will stop Thanos. Thor creates a new weapon called Stormbreaker. 

Thanos leads an alien invasion of Earth to get the Mind Stone from the robot superhero Vision by killing him. The Avengers, Spider-Man, Black Panther and the Guardians of the Galaxy (Rocket and Groot later help along with Thor who later joins) all work together to stop Thanos.

Thanos eventually steals the Mind Stone and snaps his fingers. He causes half of all living beings on every planet in the entire Universe to disappear from existence. 

There is a scene after the credits where Nick Fury successfully tries to signal someone (later revealed to be Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel) who can do something about it but he gets killed by Thanos's snap. 

Hank Stuever

Hank Stuever is an American journalist working for the Washington Post. He writes for its Style section about entertainment. 

Hank Stuever on Twitter.

Fortepiano

A fortepiano is an early piano. It normally means pianos from the 18th century to the early 19th century. The first fortepiano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori in Florence. The idea soon spread in Europe.

Dublin and Monaghan bombings

The Dublin and Monaghan bombings happened in Dublin and Monaghan, Republic of Ireland on 17 May 1974. The Ulster Volunteer Force used 3 car bombs in Dublin and another one in Monaghan to kill 33 people and injure nearly 300 others. The bombings were the deadliest attack in the Troubles. It was also the deadliest attack in the Republic of Ireland's history.



Jack Ü

Jack Ü is an American DJ duo, consisting of Mad Decent founder Diplo and Grammy award winning producer Skrillex, that formed in 2013.

Hexadecene

Hexadecene, also known as cetene, is an alkene containing 16 carbon atoms, with a molecular formula of CH. There are eight different structural isomers of hexadecene, depending on the location of the double carbon bond.

President of Gabon

This is a list of presidents of the African country of Gabon.



301 Deansgate

Beetham Tower (also known as the Hilton Tower) is a landmark 47-storey mixed use skyscraper in Manchester, England. Completed in 2006, it is named after its developers, the Beetham Organisation, and was designed by SimpsonHaugh and Partners. The development occupies a sliver of land at the top of Deansgate, hence its elongated plan, and was proposed in July 2003, with construction starting a year later.

At a height of , it is the tallest externally complete building in Manchester and tallest outside London in the United Kingdom. It was described by the "Financial Times" as "the UK's first proper skyscraper outside London". From 2006 to 2018, the skyscraper was the tallest building in Manchester and outside London in the United Kingdom. In November 2018 it was surpassed by the newly topped out South Tower at Deansgate Square; which is tall.

As a result of the elongated floor plan, the structure is one of the thinnest skyscrapers in the world with a height to width ratio of 10:1 on the east west façade, but is noticeably wider on the north south façade. A four-metre cantilever marks the transition between hotel and residential use on the north façade, and a blade structure on the south side of the building acts as a façade overrun accentuating its slim form and doubles as a lightning rod. The skyscraper is visible from ten English counties on a clear day.

Floors 1 to 22 are occupied by the 279-bedroom four-star Hilton Manchester Deansgate Hotel. The 23rd floor has a four-metre cantilevered overhang with two glass windows in its floor, overlooking the ground from the skybar, Cloud 23, the only such bar in Manchester. The floor has a bar and lounge operated by Hilton. Floors 25 to 47 are occupied by residential apartments.

The top floor penthouse offers views of Greater Manchester, the Cheshire Plain, the Pennines and Snowdonia. The tower is known for emitting a loud unintentional hum or howl in windy weather, believed to emanate from the glass 'blade' atop the building. The hum has been recorded as a B below middle C and can be heard over large parts of the local area.

Architectural response to the skyscraper is polarised and interpretations vary. Some questioned its dominant appearance over the city – particularly over listed buildings with one author going as far to say the skyscraper instantly ""torpedoed"" any possibility of Manchester becoming a UNESCO World Heritage City – a status Manchester was previously on the United Kingdom shortlist for due its industrial past.

Others feel its dramatic appearance and peculiarity is reflective of Manchester, and that the Beetham Tower symbolises Manchester's reinvention as a post-industrial city - particularly since the bombing of 1996. Nevertheless, it has received praise and was awarded the best tall building in the world in 2007 by the Council for Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.

Blake Camp

Blake Camp (born October 11, 1983) is an American soccer player.

Camp played some youth soccer in England and has trained with several prestigious professional clubs, including Manchester United and Blackburn Rovers in England, Real Valladolid in Spain, and Palmeiras in Brazil. After starring at Clarke Central High School in Georgia, where he was a four-time all-area performer, he played college soccer at Duke University. He became a regular starter and an all-ACC performer as a sophomore in 2003, then again in 2004 and 2005. In 2004, he was named to the NCAA Final Four All Tournament team. Camp was named to the Herman Trophy watch list in 2004 and 2005 and earned all-America honors as a junior and senior, finishing his collegiate career with 24 goals and the ACC Tournament MVP award as a senior.

E-book reader

An e-reader, also called an e-book reader or e-book device, is a that is designed primarily for the purpose of reading digital and .

Any device that can display text on a screen may act as an e-reader, but specialized e-reader devices may optimize portability, readability (especially in sunlight), and battery life for this purpose. Their main advantages over printed books are portability since an e-reader is capable of holding thousands of books while weighing less than one and the convenience provided due to add-on features in these devices.

Zhongli District

Zhongli District () is a in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Zhongli is spelled variously as "Jungli, Jongli, Jhongli" or "Chungli" on railway, bus stop and road signs. Historically, the city is the site of the of 1977, the most significant event of the democratization movement prior to the 1980s. Ethnically, it is considered a kind of capital city for the , who live in great numbers here and nearby; a lot of the elderly could speak in addition to and . Recently many foreign workers (mainly from the and Thailand) have also settled in and around the city because of the heavy industries in the suburbs of the city. It is a center for foreign laborers. The city of Zhongli has 3 large parks and over 70 green reserves in the city for residents of Zhongli to enjoy.

Acastus

Acastus (; : Ἄκαστος) is a character in . He sailed with and the , and participated in the hunt for the .

Acastus was the son of , then king of , and (Philomache in some traditions). Acastus with his wife (also called , daughter of ) had two daughters: Sterope (Στερόπη) and , and a number of sons. Another daughter, (Σθενέλη), was given by the "" as the wife of and mother of .

After the return of the Argonauts, Acastus's sisters were manipulated by to cut their father Pelias in pieces and boil them. Acastus, when he heard this, buried his father, and drove Jason and Medea from Iolcus (and, according to , his sisters also), and instituted funeral games in honor of his father. He thereafter became king of Iolcus.

Acastus purified of the murder of of . Acastus's wife (variously named in mythology; often , but sometimes Hippolyte, daughter of ) fell in love with Peleus but he scorned her. Bitter, she sent a messenger to , Peleus's wife and daughter of Eurytion, to tell her that Peleus was to marry Acastus's daughter, .

Astydamia then told Acastus that Peleus had tried to rape her. Acastus took Peleus on a hunting trip and hid his sword while he slept, then abandoned him on to be killed by . The wise centaur (or the god ) returned Peleus' sword and Peleus managed to escape. With and the , Peleus sacked Iolcus, dismembered (and, in some accounts, Acastus himself), and marched his army between the pieces. Their kingdom later fell to Jason's son .

Presidential Commission of Uganda

The Presidential Commission of Uganda held the office of President of Uganda between 22 May and 15 December 1980. It was made up of the following:



Enniskillen bombing

The Enniskillen bombing took place on 8 November 1987 in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. A Provisional Irish Republican Army bomb exploded near the town's centotaph during a Remembrance Sunday ceremony. The ceremony was commemorating members of the British Armed Forces who had been killed in wars. 

Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway

The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (often referred to as the Santa Fe or AT&SF) was a large railroad in the United States. Created in February 1859, the railroad reached the Kansas-Colorado border in 1873 and Pueblo, Colorado, in 1876. To create a demand for its services, the railroad set up real estate offices and sold farm land. Despite the name, its main railroad never served Santa Fe, New Mexico. This was because the terrain was too rough. A branch line from Lamy reached Santa Fe instead.

The railroad officially ended on December 31, 1996, when it merged with the Burlington Northern Railroad to form the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway.

The Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway (AT&SF) was created on February 11, 1859, to join Atchison and Topeka, Kansas, with Santa Fe, New Mexico. In its early years, the railroad helped people settle in Kansas. A lot of its revenue came from wheat grown there and from cattle driven north from Texas to Wichita and Dodge City by September 1872.

AT&SF reached Albuquerque in 1880. Santa Fe (the original goal of the railroad) was on a short branch from Lamy, New Mexico.

On September 22, 1995, AT&SF merged with Burlington Northern Railroad to form the Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway (BNSF). The two lines kept separate operations until December 31, 1996 when it officially became BNSF.



List of monarchs of the Netherlands

When William III died childless, the patrilineal ancestry of Orange-Nassau became extinct. In contrast to other provinces of the Dutch Republic, Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe had mostly drawn its stadtholders from the House of Nassau, that starting with John VI, the brother of William of Orange, and comprises in addition a matrilineal ancestry with the house of Orange-Nassau.

CIS Tower

The CIS Tower is an office skyscraper on Miller Street in Manchester, England. It was completed in 1962 and rises to 387 feet (118 m) in height. The Grade II listed building, which houses the Co-operative Banking Group, is Manchester's fifth-tallest building and the tallest office building in the United Kingdom outside London. The tower remained as built for over 40 years until maintenance issues on the service tower required an extensive renovation which included covering its facade in photovoltaic panels.

The office tower building rises above a five-storey podium block.

1983 Cricket World Cup

The 1983 Cricket World Cup (officially the Prudential Cup '83) was the 3rd edition of the Cricket World Cup tournament. It was held from 9 June to 25 June 1983 in England and Wales and was won by India. Eight countries participated in the event.

Kyle Korver

Kyle Elliot Korver (born March 17, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Creighton Bluejays and was drafted in the second round of the 2003 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets. He was immediately traded to the Philadelphia 76ers. After four and a half seasons in Philadelphia, he was traded to the Utah Jazz. During his first stint with the Jazz, in 2009–10, Korver shot 53.6 percent from three-point range, which set an NBA single-season three-point field goal accuracy record. In 2010, he joined the Chicago Bulls. In 2012, he was traded to the Atlanta Hawks, where in 2015, he was named NBA All-Star. In 2017, he was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he was a member of back-to-back Finals teams. In 2018, he was traded back to the Jazz.

Bluejacket, Oklahoma

Bluejacket is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bokchito, Oklahoma

Bokchito is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Caddo, Oklahoma

Caddo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bokoshe, Oklahoma

Bokoshe is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Boswell, Oklahoma

Boswell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Boynton, Oklahoma

Boynton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Braggs, Oklahoma

Braggs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Braman, Oklahoma

Braman is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kildare, Oklahoma

Kildare is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bray, Oklahoma

Bray is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Breckenridge, Oklahoma

Breckenridge is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Calera, Oklahoma

Calera is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colbert, Oklahoma

Colbert is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kemp, Oklahoma

Kemp is a town in Oklahoma, United States. In 2020, 126 people lived in Kemp.

Kenefic, Oklahoma

Kenefic is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mead, Oklahoma

Mead is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Silo, Oklahoma

Silo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Burbank, Oklahoma

Burbank is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bromide, Oklahoma

Bromide is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Calumet, Oklahoma

Calumet is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Brooksville, Oklahoma

Brooksville is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byron, Oklahoma

Byron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Jet, Oklahoma

Jet is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colony, Oklahoma

Colony is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Calvin, Oklahoma

Calvin is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Clark County, Kansas

Clark County (county code CA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,991 people lived there. Its county seat is Ashland. Ashland is also the biggest city in Clark County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Before 1944, Clark County was a swing county. They voted the national winner in every presidential election from 1900 to 1940. From 1944 on, it has become very Republican in presidential elections (except from 1964 when Lyndon B. Johnson won).





Marion County, Kansas

Marion County (standard abbreviation: MN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 11,823 people lived there. The county seat is Marion. The county was named after Francis Marion, a Brigadier General of the American Revolutionary War, known as the "Swamp Fox".

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built north to south through Marion County. There was a lot of controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever occurs).

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

Marion County is in the Great Plains. The eastern part of the county is part of the Flint Hills.







Marshall County, Kansas

Marshall County (standard abbreviation: MS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 10,038 people lived there. The county seat is Marysville. Marysville is also the biggest city in Marshall County.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" went through Marshall county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale. It had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.5%) is water.

Marshall County is very Republican county. The county has not been won by a Democratic candidate in a presidential election since 1932.




Hodgeman County, Kansas

Hodgeman County (county code HG) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,723 people lived there. Its county seat is Jetmore. Jetmore is also the biggest city in Hodgeman County.

Hodgeman County was created in 1867. It was named after Amos Hodgman, member of the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. The letter E was later added to the namesake's name.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.04%) is water.

Hodgeman County is very Republican. Only six Republican presidential candidates have failed to win the county from 1888 to the present, and no Democrat has to win even a quarter of the county's votes since Michael Dukakis in 1988. The last Democrat to win the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.





Haskell County, Kansas

Haskell County (county code HS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,780 people lived there. Its county seat is Sublette. Sublette is also the biggest city in Haskell County.

Haskell County was created in 1887. It was named for Dudley C. Haskell, a former member of Congress.

John M. Barry concluded that Haskell County was the where the first case of the 1918 flu pandemic (nicknamed "Spanish flu") happened, which killed between 21 and 100 million people.

The railroad and the development of oil and gas fields in the 1930s helped the economy of the area a lot. This helped overcome the "dust bowl" of that period. Haskell County was one of the hardest hit counties in the Midwest during the drought of 1930-1937.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.06%) is water.

Haskell County is the flattest county in Kansas.

Haskell County is very Republican. However, in 2016, the Democratic candidate (Hillary Clinton) got a higher share of the county's vote than Barack Obama did in 2012. The last time Haskell County was won by a Democratic candidate was 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.




Harper County, Kansas

Harper County (county code HP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,485 people lived there. Its county seat is Anthony. Anthony is also the biggest city in Harper County. The county was named after Sergeant Marion Harper of the 2nd Kansas Cavalry. He died of wounds suffered near Waldron, Arkansas, in December 1863.

In 1867, Harper County was created.

The original organization of Harper County was one of the biggest frauds in county government. In 1873, a group of three men organized Harper County. They designated the then-fake city of "Bluff City" as the county seat. The petition for organization used many names from a Cincinnati city directory to represent as residents of Harper County. In 1874, the state attorney general investigated. He didn't find any resident of the county. The "creators" of the county had sold $40,000 worth of bonds.

Due to new and high-paying jobs at oil fields and wind farms, Harper County had an economic boom. In 2012, rental housing and office space in towns such as Danville, Harper, and Anthony had become four times more expensive. However, by 2016, the oil fracking boom had ended. The economies of Harper County were hurt.

The U.S. Census Bureau says taht the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Hamilton County, Kansas

Hamilton County (county code HM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,518 people lived there. Its county seat is Syracuse. Syracuse is also the biggest city in Hamilton County. The county was created in 1873. It is named after Alexander Hamilton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.


Hamilton county is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate has won Hamilton County was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Greenwood County, Kansas

Greenwood County (county code GW) is a county in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,016 people lived there. Its county seat is Eureka. Eureka is also the biggest city in Greenwood County.

In 1855, Greenwood County was created. It was named after Alfred B. Greenwood, a U.S. Congressman from Arkansas.

The first railroad in Greenwood County was built through that territory in 1879.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.8%) is water. It is the fifth-largest county in Kansas by area.

Greenwood county is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Sheridan County, Kansas

Sheridan County (standard abbreviation: SD) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,447 people lived there. Its county seat is Hoxie. The county was named after Phillip H. Sheridan, a general of the American Civil War era.

In 1873, the rest of the unorganized part of the state was divided into 22 new counties. This included Sheridan County. Sheridan County was then organized in 1880. The county seat was in Kenneth. 

The railroad was still used in Sheridan County until 1998. After flooding east of Plainville in the 1993 floods damaged the railroad, the railroad decided not to rebuild. The entire railroad from Plainville to Colby was abandoned by 1998.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Sheridan County is very Republican.





Sherman County, Kansas

Sherman County (standard abbreviation: SH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,927 people lived there. Its county seat is Goodland. Sherman County was created by the Kansas Legislature in 1873. It is named after General William Tecumseh Sherman.

In 1886, Sherman County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Sherman County is one of only four Kansas counties in Mountain Time. Since Sherman County is part of the Wichita media market, prime-time television in the county is aired from 6 to 9 p.m. local time, rather than 7 to 10 p.m. as is normal in the Central and Mountain time zones. However, cable providers carry the ABC and NBC affiliates from both Wichita and Denver. This allows viewers to view programs on those networks at the normal prime-time hours.


Sherman county is often won by Republican Candidates, like most rural counties. However, Lyndon B. Johnson barely won the county in 1964.






Kurdistan Vegans

Kurdistan Vegans is the first vegan nonprofit organization working for animal rights in Iraq. It was established on June 24, 2018, by Zanko Bakhshi and Zhiar Ali, in Erbil, Kurdistan Region of Iraq. The organization focuses on animal rights, and encourages environmental protection and choosing a healthy lifestyle by promoting veganism and abstaining from using animal products.

The organization had its first physical activity on November 1, 2018, on World Vegan Day in two cities of the Kurdistan region in Sulaymaniyah and Erbil. The events took place in Azadi Park in Sulaymaniyah and Sami Abdulrahman Park in Erbil and consisted of distributing pamphlet and booklets containing information about veganism and the vegan diet.

After and during the event, local TVs interviewed members of the organization and started shining a light on the philosophy of veganism.

At first, the project started as a blog to inform the Kurdish people about veganism in 2017. Until its formal establishment, the activities of Kurdistan Vegans consisted of only online posting on platforms such as Facebook and Instagram. After Bakhshi came into contact with some animal rights activists, they decided to work more formally, as an organization, and like so the organization was certified by the Ministry of Nongovernmental Organizations on June 24, 2018.

The organization executed its first physical activity five months after its establishment on November 1, 2018, in Erbil and Sulaymaniyah. In Sulaymaniyah, the team consisted of five people led by the Vice President Zhiar Ali in Azadi Park, and in Erbil it consisted of 4 people led by the founder himself in Samy Abdulrahman Park. The event consisted of distributing pamphlets and booklets which contained information about veganism, a vegan diet, public figures who are vegan and such. The team also verbally explained and promoted veganism.

Kurdistan Vegans’ philosophy is based on a moral philosophy called veganism. The organization believes that animals must not be used for human benefits in any way and that they “should not be exploited.” In an interview with Jiyan Media, Bakhshi said:
Vegans believe in a moral philosophy where the people who believe it not only take out animal products from their meals, but they stop using them for clothes as well, because we believe that as long as there are alternatives for those things, animals don’t want to be part of the abuse they go through in animal industries.
In another interview, Bakhshi explained the difference between veganism, the philosophy of the organization, and vegetarianism, and said: “you can look at vegetarianism as a diet, they are people who don’t eat meat only, but vegans stop using animal products altogether, such as eggs and dairy products [as well], because they believe that what’s going on in the bird farms are not less than killing.”

The organization and its members believe that using animals and their byproducts is wrong because of the unethical treatment and abuse farmed animals go through. 

Vizianagaram district

Vizianagaram district is one of the thirteen districts in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The headquarters is Vizianagaram.

The French defeated and ended the rule of the Nizam in 1753. These districts were then part of French India.


Jacques Necker

Jacques Necker (; 30 September 1732 – 9 April 1804) was a banker from Geneva who became a finance minister for Louis XVI. He tried to make France's tax system better.

His dismissal on 1789 caused the Storming of the Bastille.

Léon M'ba

Gabriel Léon M'ba (February 9, 1902 in Libreville - November 28, 1967 in Paris) was the first President of Gabon (1960 - 1967). The surname is also written 'M'Ba' and 'Mba'.

He was a member of the Fang people ethnic group. He was prime minister from May 21, 1957 to February 21, 1961 and became president upon independence from France on August 17, 1960. He was briefly toppled by a military coup d'etat in February 1964, and Jean-Hilaire Aubame was installed as president, but was restored within days through French intervention.

M'ba was reelected in March 1967, but died in November of that year and was succeeded by his vice president, Albert-Bernard Bongo (now Omar Bongo Ondimba).

Gabon's main airport, the Leon M'ba International Airport, is named for him. On November 27, 2007, President Bongo Ondimba attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony for a newly built Mausoleum for M'ba in Libreville. 

Camargo, Oklahoma

Camargo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Leedey, Oklahoma

Leedey is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Oakwood, Oklahoma

Oakwood is a town in Dewey County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 74 at the 2020 census.

Putnam, Oklahoma

Putnam is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Vici, Oklahoma

Vici is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Etowah, Oklahoma

Etowah is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byng, Oklahoma

Byng is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Omar Bongo

El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba (born Albert-Bernard Bongo; 30 December 1935 – 8 June 2009) was a Gabonese politician who was President of Gabon for 42 years, from 1967 until his death in 2009. He was promoted to key positions as a young official under Gabon's first President Léon M'ba in the 1960s, before being elected Vice-President in his own right in 1966. In 1967, he succeeded M'ba to become the second President of Gabon, upon the latter's death.

Bongo died in hospital from a heart attack on 8 June 2009 in Barcelona, aged 73.

Fitzhugh, Oklahoma

Fitzhugh is a town of Pontotoc County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Francis, Oklahoma

Francis is a town in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States.

IXL, Oklahoma

IXL is a town in Okfuskee County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Castle, Oklahoma

Castle is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States. It is in Okfuskee County.

Norge, Oklahoma

Norge is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Buffalo, Oklahoma

Buffalo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Harper County.

Cole, Oklahoma

Cole is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byars, Oklahoma

Byars is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Burlington, Oklahoma

Burlington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Alfalfa County. As of the 2020 census, 124 people lived in this town.

The town is an agricultural center.

Burns Flat, Oklahoma

Burns Flat is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Butler, Oklahoma

Butler is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Terral, Oklahoma

Terral is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cornish, Oklahoma

Cornish is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

White Anglo-Saxon Protestant

White Anglo-Saxon Protestant (acronym: WASP) is a term describing White Anglo-Saxon Protestants. They are a social group of white protestants in the United States. They are often of British descent, and typically wealthy and well-connected. 

They are not so influential as they were. However, WASPs are still well placed in major financial, business and legal firms, and in universities. Most U.S. presidents belong to this group. Exceptions include John F. Kennedy (who was a Catholic), Barack Obama (African American), and Joe Biden (also a Catholic).

Osborne County, Kansas

Osborne County (standard abbreviation: OB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,500 people lived there. The county seat is Osborne. Osborne is also the biggest city in Osborne County.

In 1867, Osborne County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The south fork of Solomon River goes through the county. The land has rolling hills and prairies.

The geodetic center of North America is within the county. The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is in Smith County, which is close to Osborne County.

Osborne County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Osborne County since Woodrow Wilson in 1916.





Osage County, Kansas

Osage County (county code OS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 15,766 people lived there. Its county seat is Lyndon. Its most populous city is Osage City. The county was originally organized in 1855 as Weller County, and was renamed in 1859 after the Osage River that runs through it, which is itself named for the Osage Native American Tribe.

In 1859, Osage County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

Osage County is included in the Topeka Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Osage County is strongly Republican. In only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present day has the county failed to back the Republican Party candidate, most recently in Lyndon B. Johnson's national landslide. of 1964.


Osage County is served by a weekly newspaper, "The Osage County Herald-Chronicle" is a weekly newspaper for Osage County. The newspaper publishes about 4,500 papers, making it the 3rd biggest paid weekly newspaper in the state of Kansas.

The Herald-Chronicle was created by the merger of The Osage County Herald and The Osage County Chronicle in February 2007.



Comanche County, Kansas

Comanche County (county code CM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,689 people lived there. Its county seat is Coldwater. Coldwater is also the biggest city in Comanche County. Comanche County is named after the Comanche Native Americans.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Gracemont, Oklahoma

Gracemont is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Eakly, Oklahoma

Eakly is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cloud County, Kansas

Cloud County (county code CD) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,032 people lived there. Its county seat is Concordia. Concordia is also the biggest city in Cloud County.

In 1867, Cloud County was created.

Cloud county was originally named "Shirley" county. However, civic leaders feared that sounded too much like the name of a prostitute. They changed the name to "Cloud" county. They named it after Colonel William F. Cloud.

Cloud County was created from the existing Washington County, Kansas. This was in a joint convention with Republic and Cloud counties. The county was legally organized on September 6, 1866. Elk Creek was chosen as the temporary county seat.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

The Republican River goes through the county. It enters from Republic County to the north. It exits to Clay County to the east. The Solomon River goes through the southwestern part of the county. It goes from Mitchell County to Ottawa County. Jamestown Lake is partially in the northwestern part of the county and partially in southwestern Republic county.

U.S. Route 81 goes through Cloud County. It goes through Concordia and connects north to Belleville, Kansas or south to Salina, Kansas. The southern part of the county also has U.S. Route 24. It connectd Clay Center, Kansas from the east and Beloit, Kansas to the west.

There are four other state highways in the county: K-9, K-28, K-189, and K-194.




Cloud County has also been listed as one of the places for Smallville in the Superman story line.



Coffey County, Kansas

Coffey County (county code CF) is a county in Eastern Kansas. In 2020, 8,360 people lived there. Its county seat is Burlington. Burlington is also the biggest city in Coffey County.

In 1855, Coffey County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.2%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau






Kearny County, Kansas

Kearny County (county code KE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,983 people lived there. Its county seat is Lakin. Lakin is also the biggest city in Kearny County. The county is named after General Philip Kearny.

The original Kearney County was created on March 6, 1873. It was ended in 1883. The land area was divided between Hamilton and Finney counties. It was recreated with its original borders in 1887. It was organized on March 27, 1888. The county is named after Philip Kearny. He was a U.S. Army officer in the Mexican–American War and a Union army general in the American Civil War. In 1889, the name was corrected to Kearny County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.


The west half of Kearny County observed Mountain Standard Time until October 28, 1990. This was when the Kansas Department of Transportation moved the entire county into the Central Time Zone, which 100 of the state's other 104 counties are in. Only four counties (Hamilton, Greeley, Wallace, and Sherman), all of which border Colorado, observe Mountain Time.

Kearny County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.




Cameron, Oklahoma

Cameron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fort Coffee, Oklahoma

Fort Coffee is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Clayton, Oklahoma

Clayton is a town in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 555 at the 2020 census.

It is found at (34.587698, -95.357077).

Kingman County, Kansas

Kingman County (standard abbreviation: KM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 7,470 people lived there. The county seat is Kingman. Kingman is also the biggest city in Kingman County.

In 1872, Kingman County was created. It was named after Samuel A. Kingman, chief justice of the Kansas Supreme Court.

During the 1870s, Kingman County had a lot of bison. The old-time cowboy author Frank H. Maynard said he went there on his first buffalo hunt.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Kingman County is included in the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Kiowa County, Kansas

Kiowa County (standard abbreviation: KW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,460 people lived there. The largest city and county seat is Greensburg.

In 1867, Kiowa County was created. It was named after the Kiowa tribe.

On May 4, 2007, Greensburg was destroyed by an EF5 tornado during the May 2007 tornado outbreak.

Tthe U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Kiowa County has a lot of iron-rich meteorites in its soil. This is due to the Brenham meteor fall over 10 thousand years ago.

Kiowa County is very Republican. The only Democrat to ever win the county was been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.






Woodson County, Kansas

Woodson County (standard abbreviation: WO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 3,115 people lived there. Its county seat is Yates Center.

In 1855, Woodson County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.5%) is water.

Woodson County is very Republican. The only Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Woodrow Wilson won a plurality in 1912.





Washington County, Kansas

Washington County (standard abbreviation: WS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,530 people lived there. Its county seat is Washington. Washington is also the biggest city in Washington County.

In 1857, Washington County was created.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built north to south through Washington County. There was a lot of controversy over tax exemption and environmental concerns (if a leak ever does happen).

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Washington County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Washington County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940, only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 won forty percent of Washington County's vote for the Democratic Party.

The county is served by:

The superintendent is Denise O'Dea. It includes:



Wabaunsee County, Kansas

Wabaunsee County (standard abbreviation: WB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,877 people lived there. Its county seat is Alma. The county was created by the territorial legislature of Kansas Territory on March 25, 1859. It was named after a chief of the Potawatomi Indians.

The first white people in the area were said to have been a group of criminals. This group was known as the McDaniel Gang.

Wabaunsee County was created by the territorial legislature on March 25, 1859. The name used since 1859 is from the Potawatomi "Wah-bon-seh". This means "dawn of day." It was the name of the chief of the Potawatomi Indians. Originally, the county was named Richardson. This was named after William Alexander Richardson, a congressman from Illinois, who introduced the first Kansas and Nebraska Bill in the United States House of Representatives. This made certain Indian lands territories in 1854.

The county's first church, Wabaunsee Church of Christ, was created in June 1857.

The first railroad to be built through Wabaunsee County was the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe in 1880. In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka to Herington. This railroad connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water.

Wabaunsee County is part of the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Wabaunsee County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Wabaunsee County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Wallace County, Kansas

Wallace County (standard abbreviation: WA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 1,512 people lived there. This would make it the county in Kansas with the second-least number of people living in it. Its county seat is Sharon Springs. The county was created in 1868. It was named after Brigadier general W.H.L. Wallace, who was a veteran of the Mexican–American War and a casualty of the Battle of Shiloh.

In 1868, Wallace County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

Mount Sunflower is in Wallace County. It is the highest place in Kansas. It is 4,039 feet (1,231 meters). Mount Sunflower is about north-northwest of Weskan, less than one mile (1.6 km) from the Colorado state line.

Wallace County is one of four Kansas counties to use Mountain Standard Time rather than Central Standard Time.

Wallace has been one of the most Republican counties in Kansas. Only two Democratic Presidential nominees have ever won Wallace County – Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1944 only three Democratic Presidential candidates have won 31 percent of Wallace County's vote – Harry S. Truman in 1948, Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Jimmy Carter in 1976. In the 2016 election Hillary Clinton won less than six percent of the county's vote. The last five Republican nominees have all won at least 84 percent.





Morris County, Kansas

Morris County (standard abbreviation: MR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,386 people lived there. The county seat is Council Grove. Council Grove is also the biggest city in Morris County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.

Morris County is veru Republican. Only two Democratic presidential candidates have ever won the county – Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.





Morton County, Kansas

Morton County (standard abbreviation: MT) is a county in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,701 people lived there. The county seat is Elkhart. Elkhart is also the biggest city in Morton County.

In 1886, Morton County was created. It was named after Oliver Morton, who was a United States Senator from Indiana from 1867 to 1877. In 1886, the community of Richfield was created as the county seat.

In the 1930s, the economy of the area was hurt by the Dust Bowl. This made the economy in the area much worse during the Great Depression.

In 1961, the county seat moved from Richfield to Elkhart.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.


Morton County is often won by Republican Candidates. However Jimmy Carter almost won the county in 1976, however Gerald Ford barely won the county by .2%. The last time the county was won by a Democrat was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.




Nemaha County, Kansas

Nemaha County (standard abbreviation: NM) is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 10,273 people lived there. The county seat is Seneca.

In 1855, Nemaha County was created.

The first railroad in Nemaha County was built in 1866.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" went through Nemaha county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale. It had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured in this tornado.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.




Wilson County, Kansas

Wilson County (standard abbreviation: WL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 8,624 people lived there. Its county seat is Fredonia.

In 1855, Wilson County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.8%) is water.

Wilson County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Wilson County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.





John Minto

John Minto (born in 1953) is a Retired Science Teacher at Hornby High School in Christchurch, New Zealand and Former activist During the Springbok Tour. In 1969 John Minto was the Chairman of H.A.R.T (Halt All Racist Tours) a Group to stop the South African Rugby Team Tours of New Zealand. Even police batons were named after Minto, called "Minto Bars". In 2016 John Minto ran for Mayor of Christchurch. Minto had received 13,117 votes, and lost the election.

Fukuiraptor

Fukuiraptor ("thief of Fukui") was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur of the Lower Cretaceous. The fossil was found in the Kitadani Quarry, Fukui Prefecture, Japan. A reconstructed fossil is exhibited in the Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum, Japan.

The type specimen is an immature specimen found in the Kitadani Quarry. The reconstruction of the skeleton indicates that this dinosaur was about 4.2 m long and 175kg in weight. The preserved elements include the skull, vertebral column, front limbs (arms) , and hind limbs (legs). Additional remains have been found in the site, indicating a breeding or nesting area.

"Fukuiraptor" is small compared to similar dinosaurs and is characterized for having relatively long hands with strongly curved sharp thin claws.

Due to its characteristics, it has been indicated that it belongs to Megaraptora, which is a group nested within Allosauroidea. 

Dot Island

Dot Island is a tiny island in the sub-Antarctic. It is 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) west of Tern Island in the south part of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia. It was first charted by Robert Cushman Murphy in 1912–13. It was surveyed in 1929–30 by Discovery Investigations personnel. They probably named it because of its size and small appearance on charts.

2015 Ankara bombings

On 10 October 2015 in Ankara, Turkey, two suicide bombers detonated their bombs outside Ankara railway station. About 100 people were killed.

Yogi Adityanath

Mahant Yogi Adityanath (birth name Ajay Singh Bisht; 5th June 1972) is a Hindu monk and Indian politician who is the current Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.

Fatsia

Fatsia is a small genus of three species of evergreen shrubs in the Araliaceae family. They are native to southern Japan and Taiwan. 

It has also become naturalised in some areas. In New Zealand it has become established in waste areas and abandoned gardens, spreading by suckers.

Trivendra Singh Rawat

Trivendra Singh Rawat (born 20 December 1960) is an Indian politician and is the eighth and current Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.

Qatna

Qatna is an ancient city west of Hammurabi's empire. It remained independent.

Wichita County, Kansas

Wichita County (standard abbreviation: WH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 2,152 people lived there. Its county seat is Leoti.

In 1886, Wichita County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . All of it is land.


Wichita County is very Republican. The last Democrat to win the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976. In the past six elections no Democrat has won more than twenty percent of Wichita County’s vote.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Wichita County is still a "dry" county.





Trego County, Kansas

Trego County (standard abbreviation: TR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,808 people lived there. Its county seat is WaKeeney. WaKeeney is also the biggest city in Trego County.

In 1879, Trego County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.


Republican candidates often win Trego County. The last time a democratic candidate has won this county was in 1964.





Thomas County, Kansas

Thomas County (standard abbreviation: TH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 7,930 people lived there. Its county seat is Colby.

Thomas County was created on October 8, 1885. It was named after George Henry Thomas, a Union General during the American Civil War, hero of the Battle of Chickamauga. The townships of the county were named after the soldiers that died at the Battle of Chickamauga.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Thomas County is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate has won Thomas County was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.





Stanton County, Kansas

Stanton County (standard abbreviation: ST) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,084 people lived there. Its county seat is Johnson City.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Stanton County is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Stanton County is still a "dry" county.




Stafford County, Kansas

Stafford County (standard abbreviation: SF) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,072 people lived there. Its county seat is St. John. The county is named after Lewis Stafford. He was captain of Company E, First Kansas Infantry, who was killed at the Battle of Young's Point in Madison Parish, Louisiana on June 7, 1863.

In 1879, Stafford County was created.

The borders of Stafford County were defined by the Kansas Legislature of 1870. For several years, the county was still unorganized. The Legislature of 1875 gave the territory in Stafford County to other counties. They wanted to get rid of Stafford County. They gave the part in Range 15 West to Pawnee County; the portion included in Ranges 11, 12, 13 and 14 to Barton County; and the south half of the county, excepting the portion in Range 15, was added to Pratt County. But after each of the counties had taken its part, a strip six miles wide and twelve miles long (two townships) remained as Stafford County. This was the county until April 25, 1879. The Supreme Court of Kansas said that dividing the county was unconstitutional. The county was restored to its original borders.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Stafford County is often won by Republican Candidates. The last time Stafford County was won by a democratic candidate was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Stafford County is still a "dry" county until an election in 2016 when this prohibition was removed by 1,304 to 535, 71% of the vote.





Harish Rawat

Harish Chandra Singh Rawat (born 27 April 1948) is an Indian politician who was Chief Minister of Uttarakhand from 2014-2017. In July 2014, he won a by-election from Dharchula assembly seat by over 19,000 votes.

Smith County, Kansas

Smith County (standard abbreviation: SM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,570 people lived there. Its county seat is Smith Center. The county is named after Maj. J. Nelson Smith, who was part of the 2nd Colorado Cavalry. He was killed in action at the Battle of Westport on October 21, 1864.

The geographic center of the contiguous United States is in the county, near Lebanon.

In 1872, Smith County was created. The first homestead in Smith County was in 1871. There were 3,800 people living there by 1875. The county grew to 15,000 people by 1889. Corn was the main crop, but drought and grasshoppers hurt the crops. When hardy Winter wheat was introduced to Kansas by Russian settlers, it eventually became the main crop in Smith County. The number of people living in Smith County has slowly gone down since 1900. This is due to advanced farming techniques that need fewer people to farm.

Brewster Higley wrote the song "Home on the Range" in 1873 in a cabin 9 miles northwest of Smith Center. It later became the Kansas State song.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The county is divided into 25 townships, each of which is listed below in the subdivisions section of this article.

The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is in the county, near the city of Lebanon. The geographic center of North America is located in neighboring Osborne County.

The Solomon River runs through the southern part of the county. It provides a flat basin and water for irrigation.

There are two major highways in the county. The main east–west route is U.S. Highway 36. It goes through Athol, Kensington, and Smith Center. The main north–south route is U.S. Highway 281. Kansas state highways K-8, K-9 and K-180 go to other areas of the county.

Smith County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Smith County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940, the only Democrat to win forty percent of the county’s vote was Lyndon Johnson in 1964.





Labette County, Kansas

Labette County (county code LB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 20,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Oswego. Its biggest city is Parsons. The county was named after LaBette creek, the second-biggest creek in the county. The creek was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area.

In the 1840s, most of the people living in Labette County were Osage people. There were also many Cherokee and Euro-Americans. Many of the Euro-Americans were merchants with Osage or Cherokee wives.

Between 1871 and 1873, at least eleven people disappeared near an inn and general store run by the Bender family in Labette County. After the disappareance of the Benders in 1873, it was found that they had apparently murdered many travelers. Between eight and eleven bodies were found buried at the inn. Governor Thomas A. Osborn offered a reward of $2,000 for anyone who caught the Benders, but they were never found.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water.

The Parsons, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Labette County.

The 2020 Census says that Labette County had 20,184 people living there. The median age was 40. The race of the people were 79.7% non-Hispanic white, 4.2% African-American, 2.1% Native American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% non-Hispanics of some other race, 8.7% non-Hispanics reporting two or more races and 4.7% Hispanic or Latino.

Labette County is mostly Republican. It has a slight Democratic lean to it like many counties in Southeast Kansas. Although Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton both won the county once each, it has become more Republican.




Lane County, Kansas

Lane County (standard abbreviation: LE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,574 people lived there. This makes it the county with the third lowest number of people living in it in Kansas. The county seat is Dighton, the only city in the county. The county was named after James H. Lane. He was a leader of the Jayhawker abolitionist movement, and he was one of the first U.S. Senators from Kansas.

In 1873, Lane County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Lane County has been very Republican throughout its history. It voted for Democratic candidates only five times in presidential elections from 1888 to the present. The last time a Democrat won the county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Lane County is still a "dry" county.





Lincoln County, Kansas

Lincoln County (standard abbreviation: LC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,939 people lived there. The county seat is Lincoln Center. Lincoln Center is also the biggest city in Lincoln County.

In 1867, Lincoln County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Lincoln county is very Republican. Lyndon B. Johnson was the last Democrat to lose the county by less than 5%. The last Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.






Bipin Rawat

General Bipin Rawat (16 March 1958 – 8 December 2021), PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, YSM, SM, VSM, ADC was the Chief of the Defence Staff of the Indian Armed Forces and the former Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army. He became Chief of Army Staff on 31 December 2016 after retirement of General Dalbir Singh.

Rawat died on 8 December 2021 in a helicopter crash in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu. General Rawat, his wife, Madhulika Rawat and 11 others were on the way to Defence Services Staff College (DSSC), Wellington when the helicopter crashed, killing all the people on board. General Rawat was 63.

Linn County, Kansas

Linn County (county code LN) is a county in east-central Kansas. In 2020, 9,591 people lived there. Its county seat is Mound City. Its biggest city is Pleasanton. The county was named after Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri.

Explorers in the early 19th century found abandoned mining sites along a creek south of the Marais des Cygnes river. No one knows who the miners were. Early residents of the region decided to call the waterway "Mine Creek."

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

Linn County is included in the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Logan County, Kansas

Logan County (standard abbreviation: LG) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,762 people lived there. The county seat is Oakley. Oakley is also the biggest city in Logan County. The county was named after Gen. John A. Logan.

One of the county's most unique features is a mile long stretch of Niobrara Formation rocks. The rocks reach 100 feet high. They are called "Little Jerusalem." It is related to the same geology that formed the Badlands National Park. The formation is mostly on private land. In 2016, the Nature Conservancy bought the land, and they say they will open the area to the public.

In 1887, Logan County was created.

Logan County was first created in 1871 as St. John County. St. John was created from the area to the east of range 38 in what was then part of Wallace County. The Kansas State Legislature changed the name from St. John to Logan in 1885.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Logan County is very Republican. Only two Democrats have ever won the county in a Presidential election: Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Unmukt Chand

Unmukt Chand (born 26 March 1993) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-hand batsman who usually opens the batting. Chand took his India Under-19 cricket team team to the U-19 Cricket World Cup victory in 2012. He scored an 111 not out in the final against Australia in Townsville, and got the praise of Australian great batsman Ian Chappell.

Lyon County, Kansas

Lyon County (standard abbreviation: LY) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 32,179 people lived there. The county seat Emporia. Emporia is also the biggest city in Lyon County. The county was named after General Nathaniel Lyon, who was killed at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in the American Civil War.

In 1806, Zebulon Pike led the Pike expedition west from St Louis, Missouri. Part of their journey followed the Cottonwood River through Lyon County.

In 1862, Lyon County was created from the county formerly known as Breckinridge County.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway extended a railroad from Emporia to Newton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

Lyon County comprises the Emporia, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Emporia County has been very Republican for most of its history. The last time a Democrat won the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.



R. Lee Ermey was born in Emporia on March 24, 1944. He died on April 15, 2018. He was a retired United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant, Drill Instructor and actor. Ermey was often best known for his roles of authority figures, such as his performance as Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in "Full Metal Jacket".

William Allen White was an American newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement. Between 1896 and his death White became the spokesman for middle America. He won a 1923 Pulitzer Prize for his editorial "To an Anxious Friend," published July 27, 1922. This was after being arrested in a disagreement over free speech. This was after there were objections to the way the state of Kansas handled the men who took part in the Great Railroad Strike of 1922.



Neosho County, Kansas

Neosho County (standard abbreviation: NO) is a county in the south east of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 15,904 people lived there. The county seat is Erie.

In 1861, Neosho County was created.

The first railroad was built through Neosho County in 1870.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.

Neosho County is a very Republican county. However, like the rest of Southeast Kansas counties, Democrats have not done poorly.





Ness County, Kansas

Ness County (standard abbreviation: NS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,687 people lived there. The county seat is Ness City. Ness City is also the biggest city in Ness County. The county was named after Corporal Noah V. Ness of the 7th Kansas Cavalry.

In 1867, Ness County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Ness County is very overwhelmingly Republican. The last time a Democrat won the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.





Norton County, Kansas

Norton County (standard abbreviation: NT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,459 people lived there. The county seat is Norton. Norton is also the biggest city in Norton County. The county was created in 1867. It was named after Orloff Norton, captain of Company L, 15th Kansas Militia Infantry Regiment.

 Norton County was created by Noah H. Billings, Thomas Beaumont, Henry Gordon, P. Hansen, and George Cole on August 22, 1872. In 1878 Norton became the county seat. The county got its name for Civil War soldier Orloff Norton, who was killed at Cane Hill, Arkansas in 1864.

The first county fair, although not official, was held in Leota in October, 1878. After 1900 the fair was held every year in Elmwood Park in Norton. The first school district was created in Norton in 1872. School was held in a dugout beginning December 1, 1873. 

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Noah H. Billings was an early county settler, county superintendent of schools, county attorney, and state representative. Keith Sebelius was a U.S. congressman from 1969 to 1981.

Norton County is very Republican. The last Democrat to reach forty percent of the county’s vote was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. Roosevelt in 1932 was the last Democrat to win Norton County. The only other Democrats to win are Woodrow Wilson (twice) and William Jennings Bryan in his first 1896 campaign.





Gray County, Kansas

Gray County (county code GY) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,653 people lived there. Its county seat is Cimarron. Cimarron is also the biggest city in Gray County.

Gray County was created in 1881. It was named after Alfred Gray. Between 1887 and 1893, a county seat war happened in Gray County that involved several notable Old West figures, such as Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, and Ben Daniels. Because of this, Cimarron became the permanent county seat of Gray County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.

Since 2001, NextEra Energy Resources has operated the biggest wind farm in Kansas. They have 170 turbines. They can generate up to 110 megawatts. It is on a site near Montezuma.

Gray County has the highest percentage of followers of the Church of God in Christ, Mennonite in the US. There were 1,032 members of the Church in Gray County in 2010, which is 17.18% of the total number of people in Gray County. It is the biggest Church in the county.

Gray county is often won by Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate won this county was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Gray County is still a "dry" county.




Grant County, Kansas

Grant County (county code GT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 7,352 people lived there. Its county seat and only city is Ulysses.

In 1873, the part of Kansas that is west of Range 25 was divided into 25 new counties. The new counties were Decatur, Rawlins, Cheyenne, Sheridan, Thomas, Sherman, Lane, Buffalo, Foote, Meade, Scott, Sequoyah, Arapahoe, Seward, Wichita, Kearny, Greeley, Hamilton, Stanton, Kansas, Stevens, and Grant.

Grant County, Kansas was named after Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States (1869–1877). He was incumbent president at the time of the county's creation. The initial survey creating the county borders was in the summer of 1874.

In 1883, Kearny, Sequoyah, Arapahoe, Kansas, Stevens, Meade, Clark and Grant counties disappeared. Hamilton, Ford, Seward, and Hodgeman counties became bigger, and Finney County was created. Grant County was split with the western part becoming a part of Hamilton County and the eastern part becoming a part of the newly-created Finney County.

On June 9, 1888, Grant County was created again as a Kansas county, with original county borders. The first officers of the new Grant County were sworn in on June 18, 1888.
In October 1888, the county seat election for Grant County resulted in victory for Ulysses, Kansas. The election results were:.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.06%) is water.


Grant County is very republican. Lyndon B. Johnson was the last democrat to win the county, and Jimmy Carter barely lost the county in 1976.




Graham County, Kansas

Graham County (county code GH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,415 people lived there. Its county seat is Hill City. Hill City is also the biggest city in Graham County. Nicodemus is in Graham County. Nicodemus was created in 1877, which is the only remaining western town created by African Americans during the Reconstruction Period after the American Civil War.

Graham County was organized in 1880. In 1887, Graham County was created. It was named after Captain John L. Graham, a Union soldier killed at the Battle of Chickamauga in Tennessee on September 19, 1863.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

The average elevation in the county is above sea level.
The south fork of Solomon River goes through the county. It is drained by Saline River.



Noted regional artist Birger Sandzén often painted landscapes in Graham County. This was where his wife's parents moved to in 1906. Examples include "Still Water", which is in the collection at Kansas State University's Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art. It shows Wild Horse Creek in the county.



Gove County, Kansas

Gove County (county code GO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,718 people lived there. Its county seat is Gove City. Its biggest city is Quinter.

In 1868, Gove County was created. It was named after Granville Llewellyn Gove, member of the 11th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. He was also the son of Moses Gove, a former mayor of Manhattan, Kansas.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Gove County is still a "dry" county.






Elk County, Kansas

Elk County (county code EK) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,483 people lived there. Its county seat is Howard. Howard is also the biggest city in Elk County.

In 1875, Elk County was created. It was named after the Elk River.

The first railroad in Elk County was built through that territory in 1879. It connected ranches and farms to markets.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

The Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, but Elk County voters have chosen to remain a "dry" county.





Edwards County, Kansas

Edwards County (county code ED) is a county in the U.S. states of Kansas. In 2020, 2,907 people lived there. Its county seat is Kinsley. Kinsley is also the biggest city in Edwards County. The county was created in 1874. It was named after W. C. Edwards, of Hutchinson, a pioneer settler, who played an active role in its creation.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

The Arkansas River goes through Edwards County from the southwest corner to the Pawnee County line near U.S. Route 56.

Three U.S. Routes go through Edwards County. They all meet in Kinsley. An east-west route, U.S. Route 50 goes around Belpre and Lewis before connecting with westbound U.S. Route 56 in Kinsley. The single road then goes through Offerle and west into Ford County. U.S. Route 183 goes from Kiowa County in the south to Kinsley, where it connects east U.S. 56 as a single highway to Pawnee County. K-19 starts at U.S. Route 50 near Belpre, and goes north into Pawnee County.





Doniphan County, Kansas

Doniphan County (county code DP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 7,510 people lived there. Its county seat is Troy. Its biggest city is Wathena.

Doniphan County was created on August 25, 1855, then organized on September 18, 1855. It is named after the U.S. cavalry commander Colonel Alexander W. Doniphan (1808–1887) of Liberty, Missouri. He was important in the Mexican–American War.

Doniphan County is in the northeastern corner of the state. It is bordered by Nebraska to the north and Missouri to the east. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Kansas by land area and second-smallest by total area.

The Missouri River defines the border in the north and east. Eight barge lines travel the river, and a Port Authority is across the river in Saint Joseph, Missouri. The river provides a lot of the water for the eastern part of the county. Cities away from the river, such as Troy and Highland, get their water from underground wells. The Wolf River goes through western pstyd of the county and north into the Missouri River.

The only major highway in the county is U.S. Highway 36, an east/west route going through St. Joseph. Troy, Elwood, and Wathena lie along this route. Kansas state highways K-7, K-20, K-120, K-136, K-137, and K-238 serve other areas of the county. K-7 has been designated a scenic byway.

Doniphan County is included in the St. Joseph, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Doniphan County is served by a Board of County Commissioners. In it, there is one elected official from each of three districts. The commissioners serve four-year terms. The 2nd and 3rd district elections happen two years after the 1st district election. The board is responsible for making the county's policies, procedures, and budgets. They also oversee functions of their respective road and bridge shops. The county has used county planning and zoning codes. The cities are governed by mayors and city councils. Government services are paid for through a sales tax, property tax, and an "ad valorem tax" mill levy.

Because of its history of settlement by anti-slavery Yankees from Iowa and New England, Doniphan County became very Republican. The county has voted for the Republican nominee in every presidential election since Kansas became a state, beginning in 1864. Only three Democratic nominees reached forty percent of Doniphan County’s vote.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Doniphan County remained a "dry" county until 2012.


Highland Community College was the first college created in Kansas. This was when the Highland University charter was approved by the Territorial Legislature in 1858. Over time the college changed its name many times before becoming a regional rural community college. (Web site)



Elizabeth Lane

Dame Elizabeth Kathleen Lane (née Coulborn; 9 August 1905 – 17 June 1988) was a British judge. In 1965, she became the first woman to be appointed a High Court judge in England and Wales.

She received a damehood when she was appointed to the High Court. She had previously been the third woman to be made Queen's Counsel in 1950. She retired as a judge in 1979.

Rose Heilbron

Dame Rose Heilbron (19 August 1914 - 8 December 2005) was a British lawyer and judge. In 1949, she became one of the first women to be appointed Queen's Counsel in Britain.

She graduated from Liverpool University in 1935, and became a lawyer in 1939. She was made Queen's Counsel in 1949, and was made a full-time judge in the High Court in 1974. She retired as a judge in 1988.

Helena Normanton

Helena Florence Normanton (14 December 1882 - 14 October 1957) was a British lawyer. She was the first woman to practice as a lawyer in England (1922), and was one of the first women to be made Queen's Counsel (1949).

Right of survivorship

The right of survivorship is a right attached to an asset such as a home or a bank account which is jointly owned. When one of the owners dies, the surviving owner(s) get the asset. The asset is then excluded from the estate. In other words, it is not part of the will of the person who died. It becomes the property of the surviving owner(s).

College town

A college town or university town is a place (often a town or city) that has a college or university that is an important part of that place. The university may be a very big part of the place's economy and culture, and there may be a lot of students living there. Many residents may work for the university, the university may be the biggest employer, and many businesses may work with the university.

John Trumbull

John Trumbull (; June 6, 1756November 10, 1843) was an American artist during the American Revolutionary War. He created many historical paintings. He has been called The Painter of the Revolution. 

Trumbull's "Declaration of Independence" (1817), one of his four paintings which hang in the United States Capitol Rotunda, was used on the reverse the two-dollar bill.

Trumbull was born in Lebanon, Connecticut, in 1756. His father was Jonathan Trumbull, and his mother was Faith (née Robinson) Trumbull. His father was the Governor of Connecticut from 1769 to 1784. 

The young Trumbull entered the 1771 junior class at Harvard College at age fifteen. He graduated in 1773. Due to a childhood accident, Trumbull lost use of one eye. This may have influenced his detailed painting style.

As a soldier in the American Revolutionary War, Trumbull drew plans of the British and American lines and works.



Sousaphone

The sousaphone () is a brass instrument in the same family as the more widely known tuba. 

It was created around 1893 by J.W. Pepper at the direction of American bandleader John Philip Sousa after whom it was named. It was designed to be easier to play than the concert tuba while standing or marching. It should also carry the sound of the instrument above the heads of the band. Like the tuba, sound is produced by moving air past the lips, causing them to vibrate or "buzz" into a large cupped mouthpiece. Unlike the tuba, the instrument is bent in a circle to fit around the body of the musician; it ends in a large, flaring bell that is pointed forward, projecting the sound ahead of the player. Because of the ease of carrying and the direction of sound, it is widely employed in marching bands, as well as various other musical genres. Sousaphones were originally made out of brass but in the mid-20th century started to be made from lighter materials like fiberglass; today both types are in wide use.

British .303

The British .303 (three-o-three) cartridge was the bullet used for British rifles and light machine guns until Britain became part of NATO. Guns that used the .303 included the Lee-Enfield and the Bren light machine gun.

Lisa (rapper)

Lalisa Manoban is a Thai rapper, singer, dancer and model. She is based in South Korea. She goes by the stage name Lisa. She is known as a member of the female K-pop group Blackpink. In 2021, she released her first solo single album named "Lalisa". It was a huge success. 

Lisa was born in Thailand on 27 March 1997. In 2010, she passed a YG Entertainment audition in Thailand. Many people took part in the audition but she was to only person to be selected. She was invited to sign a contract with them and was added as a member of Blackpink.

Istanbul nightclub shooting

the Istanbul nightclub shooting was a mass shooting in the early hours of 1 January 2017 in the European part of Istanbul, Turkey. Uzbek ISIL member Abdulkadir Masharipov used an AK-47 assault rifle to shoot over 100 people in Reina nightclub, killing 39 of them.

Eric Prydz

Eric Prydz is a Swedish DJ and producer. He is best known for his 2004 hit single "Call On Me" which was at the top of the UK singles charts for 4 weeks.

Halsey

Halsey may mean:



Negroland

Negroland, or Nigritia was a term Europeans used to describe a region in Africa, south of the Sahara. The region was poorly explored, and Europeans mainly knew the area around the coast. The name was probably a direct translation of the Arabic term "Bilad al-Sudan", which translates to "land of the Blacks".

As can be seen on the map, Europeans of the time believed that the rivers Senegal, Gambia and Niger were in the same river system: one river that divided before flowing into the ocean. 

In 1823, approximately the same area was described as "Nigritia" on an American map published by Fielding Lucus Jr. The inhabitants of Nigritia were called Negroes. 

Canton, Oklahoma

Canton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Chambers County

Chambers County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Coos County

Coos County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Windham County

Windham County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Wabash County

Wabash County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Lowndes County

Lowndes County is the name of three counties in the United States:

McHenry County

McHenry County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Hydro, Oklahoma

Hydro is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Okeene, Oklahoma

Okeene is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Helena, Oklahoma

Helena is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Clearview, Oklahoma

Clearview is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Paden, Oklahoma

Paden is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Weleetka, Oklahoma

Weleetka is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is found about southeast of Okemah, the county seat.

Canadian, Oklahoma

Canadian is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Caney, Oklahoma

Caney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It can be found in Atoka County.

Stringtown, Oklahoma

Stringtown is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It can be found in Atoka County.

Tushka, Oklahoma

Tushka is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Atoka County.

Lane, Oklahoma

Lane is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) of Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Atoka County.

Dotyville, Oklahoma

Dotyville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Ottawa County.

Sunflower County, Mississippi

Sunflower County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,971 people lived there. Indianola is the largest city and county seat. It is in the Mississippi Delta region.

Sunflower County was created in 1844.

Colby, Kansas

Colby is a city in Thomas County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Thomas County. In 2020, 5,570 people lived there.
Interstate 70 reached Colby in 1965. This created growth for a local hospitality industry.

Colby is at (39.392093, -101.047532). It has an elevation of 3,159 feet (963 m). It is on the south side of Prairie Dog Creek. Prairie Dog Creek is a tributary of the Republican River. It is in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. A small tributary of the creek flows northeast through the town. It is at the interchange of Interstate 70 and K-25 in northwestern Kansas. Colby is east-southeast of Denver, northwest of Wichita, and west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . It is all land.

The hottest temperature recorded in Colby was 113 °F (45 °C) in 2012. The coldest temperature recorded was -32 °F (-36 °C) in 1989.

In 2020, there were 5,570 people, 2,199 households, and 1,331 families living in Colby. Of the households, 64.2% owned their home and 35.8% rented their home.

The median age was 34.6 years. Of the people, 88.7% were White, 1.8% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 2.4% were from some other race, and 5.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.1% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,387 people, 2,211 households, and 1,320 families living in Colby.

Colby has a mayor-council form of government. The mayor rules over the city council. The mayor has final approval over rules the council passes. The mayor shares responsibility for creating policy and approving the city budget with the council. With the council's consent, the mayor chooses all members of the city boards and. The city council has eight members elected by ward every four years. The city manager is hired by the council. The city manager is responsible for preparing the budget, administering day-to-day operations, and managing city government people.


Colby Public Schools (Unified School District 315) has four public schools in the city:

There are also two private schools in Colby:

Interstate 70 runs east–west south of Colby. U.S. Route 24 runs east–west through the city. It intersects K-25, which runs north–south.

Colby Municipal Airport is n K-25. It is about 2 miles (3 km) north of the city.

The "Colby Free Press" is Colby's local newspaper. It publishes four days per week. In addition, Colby Community College publishes a bi-weekly student newspaper, the "Trojan Express".

Colby is a center of broadcast media for northwestern Kansas. One AM and four FM stations are licensed to the city. Colby is in the Wichita-Hutchinson television market.


Ulysses, Kansas

Ulysses (pronounced ) is a city in and the county seat of Grant County, Kansas, United States. It is named after Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States. In 2020, 5,788 people lived there.

In 1831, south of the future site of Ulysses, Kansas, (at that time, it was a part of Northern Mexico Territory), explorer Jedediah Smith was killed by Comanche warriors. This was on May 27, 1831. The first Ulysses town was created in June 1885. It was about two miles east of present-day Ulysses. About six weeks later Ulysses' first newspaper, "The Grant County Register", started publishing.

Ulysses is at (37.580055, -101.357532). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

In 2020, there were 5,788 people, 2,084 households, and 1,487 families living in Ulysses. Of the households, 71.6% owned their home and 28.4% rented their home.

The median age was 33.7 years. Of the people, 53.9% were White, 2.0% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 23.1% were from some other race, and 20.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 57.4% of the people.

In 2010, there were 6,161 people, 2,140 households, and 1,618 families living in Ulysses.

U.S. Route 160 goes West to east though Ulysses. It goes across the state of Kansas. K-25 (Kansas highway) goes north to south through the city and the state of Kansas.

Ulysses airport (KULS) is in the county. It has a 6,000 ft. x 100' north south (35-17) runway and a second 4'600 x 60' runway (12-30).

Ulysses is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Paola, Kansas

Paola is a city in Miami County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat. In 2020, 5,768 people lived there.

At the start of the 19th century, the area was mostly controlled by the Osage people.

Settlement of the area happened when Kaskaskia, Peoria, Wea, and Piankeshaw tribes were forced to move to the area between 1827 and 1832. These created the Confederated Allied Tribe. It was led by Baptiste Peoria, who was of both French and Indian ethnicity. They called their settlement Peoria Village.

In 1912, James Patterson moved to Paola. He did this to create his winter headquarters for his traveling circus. It was called the Patterson Circus. The circus continued until 1927. A wall mural about it is at 106 W. Peoria. The Patterson's home is still in Paola on the 600 block of north Mulberry. It is the only remaining building from the circus winter headquarters.

Paola is at (38.573599, -94.873456). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Paola has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Paola has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

In 2020, there were 5,768 people, 2,396 households, and 1,440 families living in Paola. Of the households, 60.3% owned their home and 39.7% rented their home.

The median age was 40.5 years. Of the people, 88.2% were White, 2.3% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.1% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,602 people, 2,173 households, and 1,407 families living in Paola.



Iola, Kansas

Iola (pronounced ) is a city along the Neosho River in the northwestern part of Allen County, in southeast Kansas, in the central United States. In 2020, 5,396 people lived there. Iola is the county seat of Allen County. It is named after Iola Colborn.

Iola is at (37.923, -95.400). The city is along the eastern bank of the Neosho River. it is between Deer Creek, to the north, and Rock Creek, to the south, with Coon Creek going through the city. U.S. Route 54 goes through Iola along Madison Street. It interchanges with U.S. Route 169, which goes near the east side of the city. The smaller cities of Gas and La Harpe are a few miles to the east along US-54. The tiny city of Bassett is near Iola's southern border. The city of Humboldt is about to the south along US-169.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Iola has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Iola has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

In 2020, there were 5,396 people, 2,291 households, and 1,254 families living in Iola. Of the households, 56.5% owned their home and 43.5% rented their home.

The median age was 37.7 years. Of the people, 86.7% were White, 2.6% were Black, 1.4% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 1.7% were from some other race, and 7.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,704 people, 2,357 households, and 1,418 families living in Iola.

Iola has its yearly Farm City Days in mid-October. It's a celebration. It has a parade and a carnival. It started in 1971 when Stanley Dreher, Gary Parker, and Leon Catron tried getting people to go out to the farm. The reason for the event is to show appreciation to its farm-town qualities.



Bus service is provided north towards Kansas City, Missouri and south towards Tulsa, Oklahoma by Jefferson Lines (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).

Allen County Airport is three miles south of the city. City bus and rail service have stopped.

The "Iola Register" is the local newspaper. It publishes on weekdays and Saturday.


Canute, Oklahoma

Canute is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Capron, Oklahoma

Capron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Dacoma, Oklahoma

Dacoma is a town of the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Carney, Oklahoma

Carney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lee County, Mississippi

Lee County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 83,343 people lived there. Its county seat is Tupelo.

Lee County was founded on October 26, 1866, and named for Robert E. Lee.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.







Aladdin al-Ayyubi

Aladdin al-Ayyubi (Arabic:علاء الدين الأيوبي)(Born 1958) is a Syrian TV presenter. He died of a heart attack while he was working at his office in Damascus at the age of 57. 

He held a diploma in commerce and economics and a diploma in media. He presented several television and radio programs, most recently he was  the manager director of the Noor al-Sham satellite channel.

Glasgow, West Virginia

Glasgow is a town of West Virginia in the United States.

Cairo, West Virginia

Cairo is a town in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

Cement, Oklahoma

Cement is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carrier, Oklahoma

Carrier is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Douglas, Oklahoma

Douglas is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carter, Oklahoma

Carter is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sweetwater, Oklahoma

Sweetwater is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in both Beckham and Roger Mills counties.

Texola, Oklahoma

Texola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kansas, Oklahoma

Kansas is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. According to the US 2020 census, there were 711 people living there. 

West Siloam Springs, Oklahoma

West Siloam Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Armistead, Louisiana

Armistead is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cimarron City, Oklahoma

Cimarron City is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Hardesty, Oklahoma

Hardesty is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Goodwell, Oklahoma

Goodwell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Grainola, Oklahoma

Grainola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Osage, Oklahoma

Osage is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fairfax, Oklahoma

Fairfax is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

El Segundo, California

El Segundo is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Greenville, Texas

Greenville is a city of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Hunt County.

Haskell, Oklahoma

Haskell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lincoln County, Mississippi

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 34,907 people lived there. Its county seat is Brookhaven. The county was created on April 7, 1870 and named for Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States (1861–1865).

Cyril, Oklahoma

Cyril is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lincoln County, New Mexico

Lincoln County is a county in the state of New Mexico in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 20,269 people lived there. The county seat is Carrizozo, and the largest community is Ruidoso.

Lincoln County, Georgia

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 7,690 people lived there. The county seat is Lincolnton.

Cashion, Oklahoma

Cashion is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sevastopol Naval Base

The Sevastopol Naval Base is a naval base located in Sevastopol, Crimea. It the main base of Russian Navy's Black Sea Fleet.

The base is located in theadministrative territory of Sevastopol. It has several places for ships to dock which includes:


Work to build the port was started in 1772. At the time, the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774) was happening. Russia had annexed Crimea, and finished the port in 1783. On 13 May 1783, the first eleven ships of the Imperial Russian Navy reached the Sevastopol Bay.

In the Crimean War (1853–1856), all large ships were sunk on purpose in the entrance to the bay. This was done to stop enemy ships from being able to enter the bay. The city defended itself for 349 days against France, the United Kingdom, the Ottoman Empire and Piedmont-Sardinia. On 9 September 1855 the Russians left Sevastopol.

During World War I, the German army took over Sevastopol on 1 May 1918. Later, a few ships from the Black Sea Fleet were sunk by their crews.

During World War II, the Black Sea Fleet of the Soviet Navy was at first able to defend against Nazi Germany. However, after the city defended itself for 250 days, Sevastopol fell to the Germans on 4 July 1942.

After the dissolution of the Soviet Union at the end of 1991, Sevastopol became part of Ukraine. Russia made a treaty with Ukraine to use the base for the Russian Navy. In order to do so, Russia paid an annual amount to Ukraine. Since the Russia took over Crimea in 2014, the base is under Russian control.


Node of Ranvier

Nodes of Ranvier are gaps in the myelin sheath of a nerve cell's axon. They have multiple ion channels, allowing ions to move in or out of the axon at those points.

This means the gaps are not insulated from the spaces which surround them (the intracellular space). When impulses move along an axon, they will seem to "jump" from one node to the next along the axon. This is known as saltatory conduction (Latin "saltare" "to hop or leap").

14 October 2017 Mogadishu bombings

On 14 October 2017, a suicide truck bomb killed 587 people in Mogadishu. It was Somalia's worst terrorist attack.

In the same city on the same day, a car bombing killed two people and a minivan exploded without casualties. 

Yang di-Pertuan Agong

The Yang di-Pertuan Agong (literally 'He Who is Made Lord', Jawi: ), also known as the Supreme Head or the King, is the monarch and head of state of Malaysia. The office was created in 1957, when the Federation of Malaya (now Malaysia) gained independence from the United Kingdom. Malaysia is a constitutional monarchy with an elected monarch as head of state. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is one of the few elected monarchs in the world. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is a ruling Sultan of a Malaysian state, and is elected for a term of five years.

In Malaysia's constitutional monarchy, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong has extensive powers within the constitution on paper. The constitution specifies that the executive power of the Federal government is given to the Yang di-Pertuan Agong. However, he is bound to exercise this power on the advice of the Cabinet or a minister acting under Cabinet authority. The Cabinet is headed by the prime minister, appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong from among the elected members of Parliament. Among them, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong has discretionary powers to choose who he wants as the Prime Minister and is not bound by the decision of the outgoing prime minister if no party has won a majority vote (Article 40). It, however, does not afford him the right and authority to dismiss the prime minister. He also can dismiss or withhold consent to a request for the dissolution of Parliament (Article 40). He may discontinue or dissolve Parliament (Article 55) but he can only dissolve Parliament at the request of the Prime Minister (Article 43). He can reject any new laws or amendments to existing laws but if he still withholds permission, it will automatically become law after 30 days from the initial submission to him (Article 66). The queen consort for the Yang di-Pertuan Agong is known as the Raja Permaisuri Agong and the couple are styled in English as "His Majesty" and "Her Majesty".

The 17th and current Yang di-Pertuan Agong is Al-Sultan Ibrahim Iskandar of Johor, replacing Sultan Abdullah of Pahang. He was elected on 27 October 2023 by the Conference of Rulers. He took the oath of office and was sworn in at the Istana Negara on 31 January 2024.

Since the first cycle of ten "Yang di-Pertuan Agong" (1957–1999), the order among the eligible state rulers has followed the order established by that cycle, namely:

Brian Westbrook

Brian Collins Westbrook (born September 2, 1979) is a former American football running back who played for nine seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft after playing college football for Villanova University. Following an eight-year career with the Eagles, in which he earned two Pro Bowl selections in 2004 and 2007, Westbrook signed with the San Francisco 49ers, for whom he played in 2010.

Koy Detmer

Koy Dennis Detmer (born July 5, 1973) is a former American football quarterback. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the seventh round of the 1997 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado. He is the younger brother of former NFL quarterback Ty Detmer.

Drafted in the 7th round of the 1997 NFL draft, Detmer spent the next 10 years in Philadelphia. He spent most of his career as a backup to quarterback Donovan McNabb and as the place-kick holder for David Akers. His action as a starter was limited to five games in the 1998 season and one game in the 2002 season, in which McNabb was out with a broken ankle. Detmer played well in that game, going 18 of 26 for 227 yards and three total touchdowns (two passing and one rushing). He dislocated his elbow in the fourth quarter of that game and was replaced by third-string quarterback A. J. Feeley. Detmer healed enough to play in the final games of 2002, but head coach Andy Reid decided to stay with Feeley, who was having success. He also saw sporadic playing time in the 2004 and 2005 seasons.

Prior to the 2006 season, Detmer was released after the Eagles brought back A. J. Feeley and signed former Pro Bowl quarterback Jeff Garcia as the backups. He was re-signed on January 2, 2007 by the Eagles to provide a third quarterback for the team's playoff push, with Donovan McNabb out with injury. He was also re-signed to be the kick holder for the Eagles. In 103 NFL games, Detmer has a career passer rating of 61.2 with ten career touchdowns and 14 interceptions thrown. Despite poor passing numbers, Detmer managed to have an 11-year career due to his ability to hold for place-kicks; then-Eagles special teams coach John Harbaugh and Pro Bowl kicker David Akers both spoke highly of Detmer's talent and skill in this area.

List of sultans of Brunei

This is a list of sultans of Brunei.

Jeff Garcia

Jeffrey Jason Garcia (born February 24, 1970) is a former American football and Canadian football quarterback. After attending high school and junior college in Gilroy, California, Garcia played college football at San Jose State University.

A four-time CFL All-Star and four-time NFL Pro Bowl selection, Garcia began his professional football career with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL) as an undrafted free agent in 1994. In 1999, Garcia debuted in the National Football League (NFL) with the San Francisco 49ers. With the 49ers, Garcia made three Pro Bowl appearances (for the 2000, 2001, and 2002 seasons) and led the team to the playoffs in the 2001 and 2002 seasons. Afterwards, Garcia encountered a low point in his career, starting with a lackluster 2003 season with San Francisco then two losing seasons with the Cleveland Browns in 2004 and the Detroit Lions in 2005. With the Philadelphia Eagles, Garcia returned to form late in the 2006 season, starting for an injured Donovan McNabb and leading Philadelphia to the playoffs. Garcia joined the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2007 and was the starting quarterback for most games of the 2007 and 2008 seasons. Again, Garcia led Tampa Bay to the playoffs in 2007 and made his fourth career Pro Bowl appearance.

After his stint with Tampa, Garcia returned to the Philadelphia Eagles in 2009 and played only one game.

David Carr (American football)

David Duke Carr (born July 21, 1979) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Houston Texans first overall in the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Fresno State. Carr also played professionally for the Carolina Panthers, New York Giants, and San Francisco 49ers. He received a Super Bowl ring as a backup for the Giants after their victory over the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI. Carr's status as a number one draft pick and subsequent career has led to him being considered a draft bust.

Big Blue River (Kansas)

The Big Blue River is the biggest tributary of the Kansas River. The river is about long. It goes from central Nebraska into Kansas, until its confluence with the Kansas River at Manhattan.

Its name was given from the Kansa tribe of Native Americans. They lived at its mouth from 1780 to 1830. They called it the Great Blue Earth River.

The river goes through mostly agricultural land. Big towns on the river include: Manhattan, Kansas, Beatrice, Nebraska; Crete, Nebraska; and Seward, Nebraska.

Nebraska and Kansas have an agreement on who gets to use the water. Nebraska has full use of the river's water. However, from May 1 to September 30, Nebraska must allow a certain amount to go into Kansas. There has been no shortage of water in the river.

Guam rail

A Guam rail ("Hypotaenidia owstoni") is a bird that is only found in Guam. It is extinct in the wild.

Pacific Data Images

Pacific Data Images (PDI) was an American computer animation production company that was bought by DreamWorks SKG in 2000. It was renamed PDI/DreamWorks and was owned by DreamWorks Animation.

Founded in 1980 by Carl Rosendahl, PDI was one of the pioneers of computer animation. It produced over 700 commercials, contributed visual effects to more than 70 feature movies, and produced and contributed to many DreamWorks Animation's movies, including the second computer-animated movie ever, "Antz", and movies from the "Shrek" and "Madagascar" franchises

Antz

Antz is a computer animated movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It stars Woody Allen, Sharon Stone, Jennifer Lopez, Sylvester Stallone, Christopher Walken, Dan Aykroyd, Anne Bancroft, Danny Glover and Gene Hackman. Some of the main characters share facial similarities with the actors. It is the first movie to be released by DreamWorks Pictures and the third feature-length computer-animated film after "Toy Story".

Z the worker ant strives to reconcile his own individuality with the communal work-ethic of the ant colony. He falls in love with Princess Bala, Z strives to make social inroads, and then must save the ant colony from the treacherous scheming of the evil General Mandible that threaten to wipe out the entire worker population.

The cast features several actors from movies Allen wrote, starred in and directed, including Stone ("Stardust Memories"), Stallone ("Bananas"), Hackman ("Another Woman"), and Walken ("Annie Hall"). Aykroyd later co-starred in Allen's "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion".




The Paul Daniels Magic Show

The Paul Daniels Magic Show was a British magic show that aired on BBC1 from 9 June 1979 present. The show was presented by entertainer and magician Paul Daniels and his assistant Debbie McGee whom he married in 1988.

Argentine National Museum of History

Argentine National Historical Museum is a museum in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is dedicated to the history of Argentina. It has exhibits and objects related to the May Revolution and the Argentine War of Independence.

Allegro

Allegro is a tempo marking for classical music. It says that the music is to be played moderately fast. At first, it was also used to describe the character of a piece, but since the 18th century, it is mainly used for the speed. It is faster than Andante, but slower than Presto. Sometimes, the term is translated: Composers such as Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel used the word "vite", Gustav Mahler wrote Rasch, and Benjamin Britten wrote "Quickly". Most people say that piece that is played allegro should generally be played at speeds of between 120 and 168 beats per minute.

Sometimes Allegro is used in the title of musical pieces, for example the Allegro barbaro by Bela Bartok.

Libby Lane

Elizabeth Jane Holden Lane (born 8 December 1966), known as Libby Lane, is an English priest and bishop in the Church of England. She was born in Buckinghamshire.

She studied at the University of Oxford, graduating in 1989. She was ordained as a deacon in 1993, and became a priest the following year. She was one of the first women to be made a priest in the Church of England.

When the Church of England voted to allow women bishops, she became the first woman to be consecrated as a bishop in January 2015. She became the Bishop of Stockport in the Diocese of Chester. In February 2019, she became the Bishop of Derby.

FATCA agreement between Canada and the United States

The FACTA agreement is an agreement between Canada and the United States that allows the United States to exercise financial control over American citizens and other "US persons" who are resident in Canada. According to this agreement the Canadian tax authorities provide very detailed financial information regarding such people to the American tax authorities.

FATCA was intended to catch tax-cheats, but ended up affecting all Americans living outside of the United States. There are about one million Americans living in Canada. FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) was enacted in 2010, under the Obama administration. The agreement with Canada was concluded in February 2014 when Stephen Harper was Prime Minister of Canada. Americans include, for the purpose of this agreement, "accidental Americans", their non-American families and business partners, and former non-American residents of the United States.

Many other countries have signed similar FATCA agreements with the United States. These agreements affect all "US persons" residing in those countries.

FATCA requires "US persons" to report to the IRS (Internal Revenue Service) the balances of all bank accounts they hold outside of the United States every year. This is done through special forms which all "US persons" must file in addition to the other tax forms which such people must file every year even if they do not reside in the United States.The CRA (Canada Revenue Agency) collects this information from all Canadian banks and transfers this information to the United States.

According to an information notice posted on the Department of Finance Canada website 
"the CRA will not collect the U.S. tax liability of a Canadian citizen if the individual was a Canadian citizen at the time the liability arose " , even though the, "Canada-U.S. tax treaty contains a provision that allows a country to collect the taxes imposed by the other country".


Home Nations

A home nation is one of the four countries that make up the United Kingdom. They are; England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.

Cambroraster

Cambroraster falcatus is a stem group (ancestral) arthropod.

Hundreds of specimens were found in the Burgess Shale. It was a large animal (for its day): it was up to 30cm long. It had a horseshoe-shaped carapace, and probably fed by sifting through the sediment with its round mouth lined with hooked spines.

This predator lived more than 500 million years ago. Its fossil has been discovered in Kootenay National Park in the Canadian Rockies. 

"Cambroraster falcatus" is perhaps ancestral to insects, crabs and spiders. The fossils were discovered by palaeontologists from the Royal Ontario Museum and University of Toronto.


Chouteau, Oklahoma

Chouteau is a town in the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Sportsmen Acres, Oklahoma

Sportsmen Acres is a town of the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Spavinaw, Oklahoma

Spavinaw is a town in Mayes County, Oklahoma, United States. At the 2020 census, there were 350 people living there. It was lower by 19.9 percent from 563 at the 2010 census. Baseball player Mickey Mantle was born here.

Langley, Oklahoma

Langley is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Grand Lake Towne, Oklahoma

Grand Lake Towne is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fort Cobb, Oklahoma

Fort Cobb is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lookeba, Oklahoma

Lookeba is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sterling, Oklahoma

Sterling is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Geronimo, Oklahoma

Geronimo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fletcher, Oklahoma

Fletcher is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Salina, Oklahoma

Salina is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sams Corner, Oklahoma

Sams Corner is a census-designated place (CDP) of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hinton, Oklahoma

Hinton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lima, Oklahoma

Lima is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Earlsboro, Oklahoma

Earlsboro is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Pink, Oklahoma

Pink is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Pittsburg, Oklahoma

Pittsburg is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Indianola, Oklahoma

Indianola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Savanna, Oklahoma

Savanna is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Crowder, Oklahoma

Crowder is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colcord, Oklahoma

Colcord is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in southern Delaware County.

Oaks, Oklahoma

Oaks is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Hulbert, Oklahoma

Hulbert is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carnegie, Oklahoma

Carnegie is a city in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Panama, Oklahoma

Panama is a town in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States. It is part of the Fort Smith, Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,269 at the 2020 census.

Saiga-12

The Saiga-12 shotgun is a magazine-loaded, semi-automatic shotgun used by the Russian military. Its design was largely based on the AK-47. It can hold box magazines with up to 10 shells, and it can hold drum magazines with up to 30 shells.

7.62×51mm NATO

The 7.62×51mm NATO is one of the main types of bullets used for battle rifles, sniper rifles, and light machine guns used by NATO countries.

It is based on the .30-06 Springfield catridge. The bullet is the same size, but the case is slightly smaller so soldiers could carry more bullets. It was the main bullet used by NATO until the 5.56×45mm NATO was invented.

Guns that use the 7.62 NATO include the M14, the FN FAL, the G3, the SCAR, the M240, and the M21.

Hiroshi Hara

(ja:原寛) Japanist botanist

This author is usually abbreviated «H.Hara» when citing a botanical name.

Ligularia dentata (A.Gray)H.Hara

7.62×39mm

The 7.62×39mm, pronounced "seven-six-two by thirty-nine", is an intermediate cartridge used for Russian guns.

It was based on the 7.62×54mmR cartridge. The bullet size is the same, but the case is much smaller so that soldiers could carry more bullets. It was made because the Soviet Union learned that full-sized bullets were not needed in most firefights. Most firefights happened in less than 300 meters, or medium- and short-range. At this range, it is more important to have many smaller bullets than a few large bullets.

The bullets are used for guns like the SKS, the AK-47, and the RPK.

Similar to many hunting bullets, it is powerful enough to kill a deer at 100 yards.

Penetration power

Penetration power is how deep a weapon can pierce through or shoot through a surface.

For guns, rifle bullets can usually penetrate, or shoot through, deeper than pistol bullets or shotgun shells because they are narrower and faster. This is why most bullet-proof vests can stop pistol bullets and shotgun shells, but not rifle bullets.

Intermediate cartridge

An intermediate cartridge is a bullet used for assault rifles and some light machine guns. They are not as large as full-sized rifle bullets, and they do not have as much stopping power, penetration power, or effective range. However, more of them can be carried because they are smaller. They still have more stopping power, penetration power, and effective range than most pistol bullets. They are still powerful enough to shoot through most bullet-proof vests and they can kill a fully grown person if aimed well enough. Intermediate cartridges include the Russian 7.62 x 39mm, the 7.62mm NATO, and the German 7.92 Kurz. They are made to be just good enough for most firefights, so they are used for many short- and medium-range guns.

The first standard issue use of intermediate cartridges date back to the late 19th century with the introduction of the 10x4x38mmR round of the Swiss M1870 Vetterli rifle. This cartridge offered controllable handling when firing and a "then" high-capacity magazine of 12 rounds, predating the Lee-Metford rifle. Various other intermediate cartridges were used in World War I with the .345 Winchester Self-Loading and .351 WSL, these were in very limited use in firearms such as the Winchester-Burton M1917 automatic rifle and Winchester Model 1907.

The mainstream use of intermediate cartridges came with the German military making the StG-44. During World War II, the German miltary learned that most firefights happened in fewer than 300 meters. The bolt-action rifles used by most German soldiers were not good enough for short-range because they were too slow to fire, the bullets used for them were too heavy, and the guns kicked back too hard, causing soldiers to lose their accuracy when shooting quickly. Submachine guns were not good enough for medium range because they were less accurate and powerful at longer ranges. At medium-range, German soldiers needed a different kind of gun altogether. They needed a gun that could shoot accurately up to 300 meters, powerful enough to kill a person at that range, and could carry a bullet small enough that soldiers could carry a lot of them. The gun they made to meet these needs was called the StG-44. Rifles that fired these kinds of bullets are called assault rifles, and the StG-44 was the first of these.

The StG-44 fired the 7.92 x 33mm Kurz bullet. The bullet was the same size as the 7.92 x 57mm Mauser, but the case was about half the size. It was not as powerful or accurate at long range, but it was smaller and had less kickback. This made it great at medium ranges. It was used by German soldierd late in the war, mostly on the Eastern Front. Unfortunately for the Germans, the StG-44 was used too late in the war to help them win.

When Soviet soldiers found StG-44's, they too got the idea to make rifles that fired intermediate cartridges. They made the 7.62 x 39mm based the larger 7.62 x 54mmR. Guns the Soviets made that fired the 7.62 x 39mm include the AK-47, the SKS, and the RPK.

During the early part of the Vietnam War, American soldiers though that the 7.62mm NATO bullets were too heavy to carry. To fix this problem, gun designers made a completely new bullet, the 5.56mm NATO. It was a very small bullet, but it had a very high effective range because it had a very high muzzle velocity. This is called a Small Caliber High Velocity (SCHV) bullet. It was not as powerful as the 7.62mm NATO, but the designers believed that wounding soldiers rather than killing them would be more effective. This was because fellow soldiers would have to risk their lives to rescue wounded soldiers. Nonetheless, a well-aimed shot can still kill a person easily. Also, soldiers could carry twice as many 5.56mm NATO bullets. Most medium-range NATO guns today fire the 5.56mm NATO, including the M16, the M4, the SAW M249, the FAMAS, the Steyr AUG, and the G36.

The Soviet Union saw the effectiveness of the 5.56mm NATO, so they hired Mikhail Kalshnikov, the creator of the AK-47, to make a SCHV assault rifle for the Soviets. He made the AK-74, which was based of the AK-47, but it fired a smaller bullet, the 5.45 x 39mm bullet.

5.45×39mm

The 5.45×39mm cartridge is the main bullet made for short- and medium-range guns for the later Soviet and Russian militaries. It is used for guns like the AK-74, the RPK-74, the AN-94, the AK-100 series of rifles, and the AK-12. It is a Small Caliber High Velocity (SCHV) bullet, which means it is very small, but it has a high muzzle velocity and effective range.

After hearing about the success of NATO's new SCHV bullet, the 5.56×45mm NATO, in the Vietnam War, the Soviet Union believed they needed to make their own to be able to fight off NATO. They hired Mikhail Kalashnikov, the creator of the AK-47, to make an SCHV assault rifle. Kalashnikov disliked the idea because he felt the Soviet Union needed to outdo NATO weapons, not copy their ideas. Nonetheless, he made the AK-74, the first gun to fire the 5.45×39mm.

Type-99 light machine gun

The Type-99 light machine gun was a squad automatic weapon used by the Japanese during World War II. It was based on the British Bren LMG, but it had some unusual features. First, it had a bayonet attachment, which is not usually made for LMGs. Second, its magazines had a counter that tells the shooter how many bullets are left.

M1919 Browning machine gun

The M1919 Browning machine gun was a .30-06 Springfield light machine gun that mostly replaced the M1917 during World War II. 

It was one of the earliest air-cooled machine guns. It overheated more quickly than the M1917, which was water-cooled, but it was much lighter. It fired slowly enough so that a soldier who was well-trained in shooting in bursts would not overheat the gun.

The M1919 was well-known for being powerful, accurate, and reliable.

Arisaka rifle

The Arisaka rifles were the main rifles used by the Japanese military from 1897 to 1945. The most famous models were the Type 38 and Type 99 rifles.

Type 92 machine gun

The Type 92 heavy machine gun was the main machine gun used by the Japanese military during World War II. Its heavy weight and slow rate of fire made it a very accurate machine gun. However, its heavy weight also made it impossible to use on the offensive, since it needed to be carried by several soldiers. Also, the bullets needed to be oiled before loading the gun, and not doing so could cause the gun to jam. It fired 30 round belt clips loaded on the side. US soldiers called it the "woodpecker" because it sounded like one from far away.

Urap

Urap is an Indonesian salad dish of steamed vegetables mixed with seasoned and dressed by coconut. "Urap" can be eaten as a salad for vegetarian or as a side dish. "Urap" is usually found as a prerequisite side dish of Javanese "tumpeng", a cone shaped rice mound surrounded with assorted dishes.

Spinach, water spinach, young cassava leaf, papaya leaf, Chinese longbeans, bean sprouts and cabbage.


Premiership of Dean Barrow

The premiership of Dean Barrow began at noon EST on 8 February 2008, when Dean Barrow was inaugurated as the 4th Prime Minister of Belize, succeeding Said Musa. A member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Barrow was Leader of the Opposition and Area Representative of Queen’s Square constituency at the time of his 2008, general election victory over People’s United Party (PUP) Leader, Said Musa. Barrow and the UDP surge to a landslide victory in that election, winning 25 seats in the House of Representatives, 56.61% of the vote and 66,203 of the popular vote. The UDP Campaign saw that the ruling PUP had made many false and misleading statements during their campaign and also their term in Government. The promises which the PUP promised when they got elected in 1998 and 2003 was not fulfilled at the end of their term. Leaving the UDP to criticise their “empty promises” as “misleading and vindictive”. There were also large-scale of official Corruption. Barrow’s approval rating has been generally stable, hovering form high-40 to mid-50 percent throughout his premiership.

Denmark Place fire

The Denmark Place fire occurred on 16 August 1980 in Denmark Place, Central London, United Kingdom. Petty criminal John Thompson (1938-2008) was a customer at a nightclub. He argued with a bartender because he believed he had been overcharged for a drink there. Thompson was ejected. He returned later that night with petrol and paper, which he used to deliberately set fire to the building, killing 37 people. In May 1981, Thompson was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was kept in prison until he died. 

President of Vanuatu

The President of Vanuatu is the head of state of Vanuatu.

Central High, Oklahoma

Central High is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Chattanooga, Oklahoma

Chattanooga is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cooperton, Oklahoma

Cooperton is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Copan, Oklahoma

Copan is a town in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Council Hill, Oklahoma

Council Hill is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Covington, Oklahoma

Covington is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cowlington, Oklahoma

Cowlington is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Coyle, Oklahoma

Coyle is a town in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Custer City, Oklahoma

Custer City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hammon, Oklahoma

Hammon is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Reydon, Oklahoma

Reydon is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Strong City, Oklahoma

Strong City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Texhoma, Oklahoma

Texhoma is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Okay, Oklahoma

Okay is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Fair Oaks, Oklahoma

Fair Oaks is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oologah, Oklahoma

Oologah is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Davenport, Oklahoma

Davenport is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sparks, Oklahoma

Sparks is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

King of the Monsters (video game)

King of the Monsters is a fighting game developed by SNK, released for arcades in Japan in 1991, and ported to the Neo Geo AES later that same year. The game features playable giant monsters that are reminiscent of characters from "kaiju" and "tokusatsu" movies.

In 1992, a sequel titled "King of the Monsters 2" was released for arcades. Months later, "King of the Monsters" was ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It would then be ported to the Sega Genesis in 1993. It was included in the video game "SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1", which was released for the Wii, PlayStation 2 and PSP in 2008.


You Gotta Be

"You Gotta Be" is a song recorded by British singer-songwriter Des'ree from her second studio album, "I Ain't Movin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" (1994). It was released in August 1994 through Sony Soho Square Records. Des'ree co-wrote and co-produced the song with Ashley Ingraham. It is a downtempo soul song that ends the chorus with, "Love will save the day."

The song reached the top ten in Australia and the UK, after its re-release in 1999. It also reached the top five in Spain and on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.

Sandbox (computer security)

A sandbox computer is a computer that is used for running programs that might not be trustworthy such as cracked programs, known viruses or programs downloaded by suspicious websites. These computers are usually virtual machines, however, sometimes they may not be to either appear legitimate or use hardware, such as an unused laptop or an older computer (modern stuff must not be used in case it is capable of damaging the hardware).

2019 El Paso shooting

A mass shooting took place at a Walmart store in El Paso, Texas, United States, on the morning of August 3, 2019. The gunman killed 22 people and injured 24 more. 

The FBI is investigating the shooting as an act of domestic terrorism and a possible hate crime.

Patrick Wood Crusius, age 21, was arrested shortly after the shooting began and charged with capital murder.

The 2019 Dayton shooting occurred the following day.

 

2019 Dayton shooting

A mass shooting happened at a bar in Dayton, Ohio, United States, on August 4, 2019, at 1:05 a.m. Eastern Time. Ten people were killed, including the perpetrator, and at least 27 others were injured. The gunman was killed by police within 30 seconds of the first shots being fired.

A search into the shooter's home found writings that showed interest in killing people. The attack was the second mass shooting in the United States in 13 hours, following one in El Paso, Texas.

Police reported that all the fatalities occurred outside the bar on East 5th Street, and that the shooter's 22-year-old sister, Megan Betts, was among those killed.

Deaths in August 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Rivet

A rivet is a type of bolt which fastens plates of metal together. Riveting was a main method of building metal ships, bridges and many other complex metal objects. It was developed in the early industrial revolution from earlier ideas. It is no longer the main method of metal fastening, but examples can be seen all over the world.

The key idea is that the slug of metal is red-hot when hammered into place. This results in the slug of metal having a dumbell shape which holds the two metal sheets together. An automatic jackhammer is used to force the metal into position, so giving a bulb on the inside face away from the pounding. The process (for example, of ship building) was very noisy. As the metal cooled, the two end of the rivet were pulled together, making a tight joint.

To be a riveter was skilled work. The men worked in teams of four: two to heat the rivet and pass it to the two fasteners. It was therefore an expensive process even when it was shortened by mechanising the heating process as in the example shown. 

Rivets could be tested simply by tapping. A rivet tightly set in its hole gives a clear ring, while a loose rivet produces a different sound.

Riveting developed in many ways, and there are many different kinds of rivets. Today riveting has been largely replaced by welding, or by high-strength bolts. However, riveting is still used where light weight and high strength are critical, such as in aircraft. 


Kristina Tremasova

Kristina Tremasova (born on March 13, 1995 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia) is a Bulgarian ice dancer. Her partner is Dimitar Lichev. She teamed up with Dimitar Lichev in 2009. They participated at the 2011 World Championships in Moscow, ended in 16th place in preliminaries. They also reached 15th place in prelims at 2011 European Championships.


Church Street, Pretoria bombing

The Church Street bombing was a car bombing on 20 May 1983 by Umkhonto we Sizwe, in Pretoria, South Africa. It killed the two bombers (because it exploded ten minutes earlier than they intended) and 17 other people.

Sajid Javid

Sajid Javid (born 5 December 1969) is a British Conservative politician. He was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 2021 to 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government after being appointed by Prime Minister Theresa May on 14 July 2016. In 2018 Javid became the Home Secretary after Amber Rudd resigned. In July 2019, he became Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Boris Johnson cabinet. He resigned in February 2020.

He was appointed the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, on 11 May 2015. Javid previously served as Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport from 2014 to 2015. He was Minister for Equalities in 2014. Javid was the Financial Secretary to the Treasury and Economic Secretary. 

Javid was considered a possible candidate for becoming Leader of the Conservative Party. On 27 May 2019, Javid announced his campaign to run for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. On 20 June, Javid was eliminated on the fourth ballot.

In July 2022, Javid resigned from Johnson's government causing the government crisis as many other ministers also resigned. He later announced his second candidacy for Conservative Party leader in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson. A few days later, he withdrew from the race.

Before entering politics Javid worked in finance. He became a vice president at Chase Manhattan Bank at age 25. He later joined Deutsche Bank in London. When he left Deutsche Bank in 2009, he was a senior Managing Director.

Javid is of Pakistani descent.

Gopikrishnan Kottoor

Gopikrishnan Kottoor is a award winning Indian English poet. He is the member of advisory board of Indian Writers Association. He is best known for his poem "Father, Wake Us In Passing". He founded Poetry Chain journal and website with Tapan Kumar Pradhan.

U.S. Route 36

U.S. Route 36 (US 36) is an east–west United States highway. It goes about from Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado to Uhrichsville, Ohio. The highway's western endpoint is at Deer Ridge Junction, which an intersection in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado, where it meets US 34. Its eastern endpoint is at US 250 in Uhrichsville, Ohio.


Southern Miss Golden Eagles

The Southern Miss Golden Eagles is the sports team of the University of Southern Mississippi. Men's football, basketball, men's baseball (hardball), and women's softball (baseball) are sponsored sports of the Golden Eagles. 

U.S. Route 50

U.S. Route 50 or U.S. Highway 50 (US 50) is a major east–west route of the U.S. Highway system. It goes over from Interstate 80 (I-80) in West Sacramento, California, to Maryland Route 528 (MD 528) in Ocean City, Maryland, on the Atlantic Ocean. The Interstates were built later. They are mostly separate from this route. The route goes through mostly rural desert and mountains in the western United States. The part of the route that goes through Nevada is known as "The Loneliest Road in America" as it serves many empty towns in the state. In the Midwest, US 50 goes through mostly rural areas of farms, although it does go through a few big cities including Kansas City, Missouri; St. Louis, Missouri; and Cincinnati, Ohio. The route goes into the eastern United States, where it goes through the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia; then it goes through Washington, D.C. From there, US 50 goes through Maryland as a high-speed road to Ocean City. Signs at each end give the length as , but the actual distance is slightly shorter at around 3,017 miles. This is due to small changes in the route since it was measured. US 50 goes through a total of 12 states; California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia, and Maryland, as well as the District of Columbia.


U.S. Route 54

U.S. Route 54 (US 54) is an east–west United States highway. It goes northeast-southwest for 1,197 miles (2,115 km) from Griggsville, Illinois to El Paso, Texas. It enters and leaves Texas twice. The Union Pacific Railroad's Tucumcari Line (former Southern Pacific and Rock Island Lines "Golden State Route") go parallel to US-54 from El Paso to Pratt, Kansas. That part makes up about two-thirds of the route.

The highway's eastern endpoint is at Interstate 72 in Griggsville, Illinois. Its western endpoint is El Paso, near the United States-Mexico border.


Kar98 rifle

The Kar98 is a German bolt-action rifle and it was the German military's main gun during World War II. It is a carbine version of the G98. The Kar98 was made because the G98 was too long to be used well in small spaces.

At the end of World War II, many German soldiers had to give up their weapons, including the Kar98. Despite it being the main gun used by Nazi Germany, it was often used by Israeli soldiers in the 1947-1949 Palestine War.

Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union

The Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics () was the legislative body of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), and the only one with the power to approve constitutional amendments. 

The Supreme Soviet elected the USSR's head of state, the Presidium; and appointed the Council of Ministers, the Supreme Court, and the Procurator General of the USSR. 

The body was created in 1936 and was abolished in 1991.

United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine

The United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, or the 1947 UN Partition Plan, was a plan to split the former British colony of Mandatory Palestine into two different countries adopted on 29 November 1947. It would have been split into six different regions, three belonging to the Palestinians and three to the Israelis, and Jerusalem would have been an international city shared by both countries. The Israelis accepted the plan, but the Palestinians rejected it. The plan was never put into place and this led to the 1947-1949 Palestine War.

Sportacus

Sportacus is the main good guy in the television series "LazyTown", who is a character that promotes exercise and lives in an airship located above LazyTown. Sportacus is played by Magnús Scheving, who also created "LazyTown".

Consumer price index

The consumer price index (CPI) is a way of measuring the overall price level of the consumer goods and services in the economy.

Stourbridge

Stourbridge is a town in the West Midlands, England. In 2011, it had a population of 63,298.

Dudley

Dudley is a town in the West Midlands, England. In 2011, the town had a population of 79,379.

Nature Cat

Nature Cat is an animated children's television series that premiered on November 25, 2015 on PBS Kids and is aimed at children between the ages of 3 and 8, following the adventures of four main characters: Nature Cat, Hal the Dog, Squeeks the Mouse, and Daisy the Bunny. The show has been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing in an Animated Program". The series debut in November achieved nearly 3.7 million viewers, and by March it has achieved 69 million video streams across online platforms. As of October 2016, Nature Cat has been renewed for a second and third season. The second season premiered on January 1, 2018. Then the third season premiered on April 18, 2019. In 2021, the show was renewed for a fourth and fifth season. The fourth season premiered on May 9, 2022. The fifth season premiered on April 17, 2023.

The show's soundtrack, "The Green Album", was released on February 16, 2018 through BMG Rights Management (which also owns the song publishing rights to "Nature Cat").

On June 5, 2018, the first DVD "Onward and Pondward" was released. Tomy owns the toy license to "Nature Cat", and has released several stuffed animals of the main characters.

A preschool spin-off series of Nature Cat focusing on Sadie the Dog is yet to be announced.

5 seasons ended on all the 93 episodes and is indeed not cancelled but is not going on anymore longer.

Splash and Bubbles

Splash and Bubbles is an American computer-animated television show created by John Tartaglia.

"Splash and Bubbles" premiered in the USA on November 23, 2016. It is distributed and produced by Herschend Studios.

Gordon Brand Jnr

Gordon Brand Jnr (19 August 1958 – 1 August 2019) was a Scottish professional golfer. He played on the European Tour, winning eight times, and later the European Senior Tour, winning twice. He was born in Kirkcaldy, Scotland.

He played in the 1979 Walker Cup and played twice in the Ryder Cup, in 1987 and 1989. Brand died suddenly on 1 August 2019, aged 60.

Puși Dinulescu

Puşi Dinulescu (; born Dumitru Dinulescu (27 August 1942 – 1 August 2019) was a Romanian playwright, movie, theatre and television director, novelist, poet and polemicist. He received The Bucharest Writers' Association Award (1979) for "Linda Belinda" (a collection of short stories) and The Writers' Union of Romania Award (1985), for his novel "Îngerul contabil".

Dinulescu died on 1 August 2019 in Bucharest of a heart attack at the age of 76.

Ian Gibbons (musician)

Ian Gibbons (18 July 1952 – 1 August 2019) was an English keyboardist. He was known for playing with The Kinks.

Gibbons died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 67 from bladder cancer.

Dee Margo

Donald "Dee" Margo is an American businessman who is currently the mayor of the Texan-Mexican border city, El Paso, Texas. Before becoming mayor, he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from the 78th district. 

Prime Minister of Cameroon

Under the current Constitution of Cameroon, the Prime Minister of Cameroon is a powerless position. While the Prime Minister is officially appointed to be the head of government, the President has the most of the executive power and can fire the Prime Minister at will.


Sadou Hayatou

Sadou Hayatou (15 February 1942 – 1 August 2019) was a Cameroonian politician. Hayatou was the 4th Prime Minister of Cameroon from 26 April 1991 to 9 April 1992. He was born in Garoua, Cameroon.

Hayatou died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 77.

Simon Achidi Achu

"Pa" Simon Achidi Achu (5 November 1934 – 4 May 2021) was a Cameroonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Cameroon from 1992 to 1997. He was Minister of Justice from 1972 to 1975. 

Achu was a leading member of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (CPDM). He was appointed as Chairman of the National Investment Corporation in 2003, and he was "elected" to the Senate of Cameroon in 2013.

Achu died on 4 May 2021 at a hospital in the United States from an illness, aged 86.

Joseph Ngute

Joseph Dion Ngute (born March 12, 1954) is a Cameroonian politician. He is the 9th and current Prime Minister of Cameroon, following his appointment in January 2019 by President Paul Biya. He replaced Philémon Yang.

President of Cameroon

Under the current Constitution of Cameroon, the President of Cameroon is the head of state and has the most executive power. The authority of the State is done both by the President and by the Parliament.

The office of President of Cameroon was created in 1960, following the country's independence from France.


Ahmadou Ahidjo

Ahmadou Babatoura Ahidjo (24 August 1924 – 30 November 1989) was a Cameroonian politician. He was the first President of Cameroon, holding the office from 1960 until 1982. 

Ahidjo played a major role Cameroon's independence from France as well as reuniting the French and English-speaking parts of the country. He was also the country's first Prime Minister from January 1960 to May 1960.

Ahidjo resigned from the presidency in 1981, and Paul Biya replaced him. He was accused of being behind a coup plot against Biya in 1984. He was sentenced to death, but he died of a heart attack on 30 November 1989 at the age of 65.

Federal Chancellor of Switzerland

The Federal Chancellor (; ; ; ) is the head of the Federal Chancellery of Switzerland. It acts as the general staff of the seven-member Federal Council. The Swiss Chancellor is not a member of the government.

The Federal Chancellor is elected for a four-year term by the Federal Assembly. The current Chancellor, Viktor Rossi who began his term on 1 January 2024.


Walter Thurnherr

Walter Thurnherr (born 11 July 1963) is a Swiss politician. He was the 16th Federal Chancellor of Switzerland from 1 January 2016 until 31 December 2023.

François Couchepin

François Couchepin (19 January 1935 – 23 February 2023) is a Swiss lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP). He was the 13th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1991 to 1999.
Couchepin died on 23 February 2023, at the age of 88.


Annemarie Huber-Hotz

Annemarie Huber-Hotz (16 August 1948 – 1 August 2019) was a Swiss politician. She was the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2000 and 2007. She was nominated by the FDP for the office, and elected to it on 15 December 1999. 

In 2011, she became President of the Swiss Red Cross and ex officio vice-president of the IFRC.

Huber-Hotz died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 70 from a heart attack.

Ueli Maurer

Ulrich "Ueli" Maurer (born 1 December 1950) is a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 2009 to 2022. In 2019, he was the President of the Swiss Confederation. He is a member of the Swiss People's Party.

René Felber

René Felber (14 March 1933 – 18 October 2020) is a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1987–1993). In 1980/81, he was the floor leader of the Social Democratic Party in the Federal Parliament. He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 9 December 1987 as member of the Canton of Neuchâtel and for the Social Democratic Party.

Milovan Minja Prelević

Milovan Minja Prelević (28 February 1970 – 1 August 2019) was a Montenegrin football coach and player. 

Milovan´s football career started in the FK Kom from Podgorica. Later on he played in FK Crvena Stijena, FK Budućnost, OFK Belgrade and FK Obilić. Milovan played for youth national team of Montenegro.

He stops with the active playing football quite early and becomes devoted to the coaching instead. His coaching job starts at FK Budućnost. He even worked in OFK Petrovac, FK Kom, FK Mladost, Montenegro U-19 national team and Hajer FC. 

He was coach with UEFA PRO license and lecturer at the UEFA school of coaches of Montenegro.

On August 1, 2019, Prelević was found dead at his apartment at the age of 49.


Deepak Obhrai

Deepak Obhrai (July 5, 1950 – August 2, 2019) was a Tanzania-born Canadian politician. He represented the riding of Calgary East (until 2015) and Forest Lawn (from 2015) for the Reform Party of Canada and then the Conservative Party of Canada from 1997 until his death in 2019.

Obhrai was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was the first and only Hindu to become an MP in Canada, and at the time of his death was the longest continuously-serving Conservative MP.

He ran in the 2017 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election, but was defeated in the first round of voting.

Obhrai died in Calgary on August 2, 2019 from liver cancer, aged 69.

Schoschana Rabinovici

Schoschana Rabinovici ("née" Suzanne Weksler; November 14, 1932 – August 2, 2019) was a Holocaust survivor. She was the author of the memoir "Dank meiner Mutter" (1994) which was published in the United States in 1998 under the title "Thanks to My Mother". She survived Vilnius Ghetto and the Kaiserwald and Stutthof Nazi concentration camps as a young girl (ages 8 to 12).

Jocelyne Roy-Vienneau

Jocelyne Roy-Vienneau (1956 – August 2, 2019) was a Canadian politician. She was the 31st Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick. She was sworn in on October 23, 2014.

She was the viceregal representative of Queen Elizabeth II of Canada in the Province of New Brunswick.

Roy-Vinneau died at the age of 63 from cancer on August 2, 2019 in Bathurst, New Brunswick, after first being diagnosed in May 2018.

Alexandra Strelchenko

Alexandra Ilinichna Strelchenko (; 2 February 1937 – 2 August 2019) was a Ukrainian actress and singer. She was a performer of Russian folk songs, Russian romances and pop songs. She was awarded the People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1984.

From 1976 to 1980 she studied at the Gnessin State Musical College. From 2002, she had been a professor at Moscow State Art and Cultural University.

Miklós Ambrus

Miklós Ambrus (31 May 1933 – 3 August 2019) was a Hungarian water polo player. He was born in Eger. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He won the gold medal at the Olympics.

Ambrus died in Budapest on 3 August 2019 at the age of 86.

Jean-Claude Bouttier

Jean-Claude Bouttier (13 October 1944 – 3 August 2019) was a French actor and professional boxer. 

During his boxing career, which spanned from 1965 to 1974, he won 64 out of 72 bouts, 43 of them by knockout. 

In June 1971 he won the European Boxing Union (EBU) middleweight title, and in 1972 and 1973 unsuccessfully was part of the WBC and WBA titles against Carlos Monzon. He lost the EBU title to Kevin Finnegan in May 1974.

Cliff Branch

Clifford Branch Jr. (August 1, 1948 – August 3, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a wide receiver with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders during his entire 14-year National Football League (NFL) career. 

He won three NFL championships with the Raiders in Super Bowl XI, XV and XVIII. He was selected by the Raiders in the fourth round of the 1972 NFL Draft after playing college football for the Colorado Buffaloes. 

Branch was born in Houston, Texas. He died in Bullhead City, Arizona on August 3, 2019 at the age of 71. 

Brian Lochore

Sir Brian James Lochore (3 September 1940 – 3 August 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player and coach. He captained the New Zealand national team, the All Blacks. He played at number 8 and lock, as well as captaining the side 46 times (18 of those tests).

In 1999, Lochore was added into the International Rugby Hall of Fame.

Lochore died of bowel cancer in Masterton, New Zealand on 3 August 2019 at the age of 78.

President of Palau

The President of the Republic of Palau is the head of government and head of state of Palau. The president is directly elected to a four-year term, and can be reelected once.

All officeholders are political independents. 

Thomas Remengesau Jr.

Thomas Esang "Tommy" Remengesau Jr. is a Palauan politician. He became Palau's president in 2013 and was re-elected in 2016. He also served as president from 2001 to 2009 and was a Senator in the Palau National Congress in between.

Remengesau aimed to reduce Palau's reliance on U.S. aid by boosting tourism with the slogan "Preserve the Best and Improve the Rest." This means preserving the rich marine resources around Palau, known for its top-tier underwater attractions. In international affairs, he elevated Palau's status in the United Nations and led environmental initiatives like the Micronesian Challenge. He's a strong advocate for addressing global warming in the South Pacific.

Remengesau was born in Koror, Palau. His father, Thomas Remengesau Sr., held various important roles in Palau, including District Administrator and Vice President. His mother, Ferista Esang Remengesau, also served as First Lady of Palau. Remengesau studied at Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan, USA, and graduated from there.

Thomas Esang "Tommy" Remengesau Jr. embarked on his political career at a young age. At just 28, he targeted the youth voting bloc in Palau and emerged as a prominent advocate for the nation's youth. In 1984, he clinched a historic victory, becoming Palau's youngest senator. His election was a testament to his grassroots campaign and widespread support from the youth.

He later ascended to the role of Vice-President of Palau in 1992 and successfully served two terms in this position. Additionally, he held the important portfolio of Minister of Administration. In the year 2000, with the endorsement of outgoing President Kuniwo Nakamura, he secured the presidential election, defeating his opponent by a margin of 52% to 46%. Remengesau's triumph in the 2004 re-election was even more decisive, with a victory margin of 66.5% to 33.5%. This race was marked by rumors of potential financial influence from Taipei and Beijing.

After completing his presidential term, Remengesau announced his candidacy for a senatorial seat in the Palauan Senate in 2008. Despite his extensive political experience, he came in 11th place in the election.

Following his presidency, legal issues arose concerning property disclosure. While these charges primarily revolved around technical aspects related to the filing of personal assets under the Code of Ethics law, they led to an investigation and legal proceedings. Remengesau emerged from this trial with insights into the importance of asset disclosure for public officials.

In 2013, Remengesau assumed office for his second term as President, winning the Palauan election of 2012. His commitment to environmental initiatives garnered significant recognition. He received prestigious awards such as the Pacific Champion Award and the United Nations' Champion of the Earth title in 2013, as well as the Inspiring Conservation Award and the IGFA Conservation Award in 2014. In 2016, he continued his mission, earning the Peter Benchley Ocean Award for Excellence in National Stewardship.

For his efforts in raising awareness about the vulnerability of Palau to sea-level rise, Remengesau made an appearance in the 2016 documentary film "Before the Flood."

In the November 2016 election, he faced a formidable challenge from his brother-in-law, Senator Surangel Whipps Jr., in his bid for a fourth presidential term. Despite a competitive race, Remengesau secured victory with 5109 votes compared to Whipps' 4854.

Kuniwo Nakamura

Kuniwo Nakamura (; November 24, 1943 – October 14, 2020) was a Palauan politician. He was the President of Palau from 1993 to 2001. He earlier was Vice President of Palau from 1989 to 1993.

Nakamura died on October 14, 2020 at the age of 76.

John Philip Saklil

John Philip Saklil (20 March 1960 – 3 August 2019) was an Indonesian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Bishop of Timika from 2004 until his death in 2019.

Saklil died on 3 August 2019 in Timika at the age of 59.

Mike Troy

Michael Francis Troy (October 3, 1940 – August 3, 2019) was an American swimmer. He was a two-time Olympic champion, and world record-holder in three events.

Troy broke the world record in the 200-meter butterfly six consecutive times before it was taken over by fellow American swimmer Carl Robie in 1961. In 1971 he was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

Troy died on August 3, 2019 in Arizona at the age of 78.

Ernie Bowman

Ernest Ferrell Bowman (July 28, 1935 – August 4, 2019) was an American professional baseball player. He was an infielder who appeared in 165 games in Major League Baseball for the San Francisco Giants from 1961 to 1963.

He retired in 1969. Bowman died at his home in Johnson City, Tennessee on August 4, 2019 at the age of 84.

Prime Minister of Cambodia

The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia (, ) is the head of government of Cambodia.

The prime minister is also the chairman of the Cabinet and leads the executive branch of the Royal Cambodian Government.

The prime minister is required to be a member of parliament, and is appointed by the monarch for a term of five years.

Since 1945, 36 individuals have served as prime minister; 32 as official prime ministers, and 4 in acting capacities.

The incumbent prime minister, since 2023, is Hun Manet of the Cambodian People's Party.

King Norodom Sihanouk held the position in March of 1945 during the time when Cambodia was a French protectorate. Sihanouk worked with Imperial Japan and declared independence from France on March 12, 1945. On 18 March, he said that he was the Prime Minister of Cambodia and formed the first government. It lasted until August 1945, when Sun Ngoc Thanh took the position.

The CPP-FUNCINPEC coalition of 1993 made it so that Hun Sen and Prince Norodom Ranariddh were both Prime Minister.

André Goosse

André Goosse (16 April 1926 – 4 August 2019) was a Belgian grammarian. He was known for his works on "Le Bon Usage". In 1988, he married the Belgian writer France Bastia. He was a professor at the Université Catholique de Louvain. He was also the president of the Conseil international de la langue française.

Groosse died on 4 August 2019, at the age of 93.

Willi Tokarev

Vilen Tokarev (11 November 1934 – 4 August 2019), known professionally as Willi Tokarev, was a Russian-American singer-songwriter. He was known for his 80s music about life as a Russian immigrant in New York. In 1973, Tokarev's song "Murmanchanochka" ("Murmansk Girl") became a huge local hit.

Tokarev died on August 4, 2019 from cancer in Moscow, aged 84.

Bob Wilber

Robert Sage Wilber (March 15, 1928 – August 4, 2019) was an American jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, and band leader. He was popular in the 1950s and 1960s, including Bobby Hackett, Benny Goodman, Sidney Bechet, Jack Teagarden and Eddie Condon. 

In the late 1960s, he was an original member of the World's Greatest Jazz Band, and in the early 70s of Soprano Summit, a band which gained wide attention. In the late 1970s, he formed the Bechet Legacy Band.

Wilber died at the age of 91 in Chipping Campden, England on August 4, 2019.

Josef Kadraba

Josef Kadraba (29 September 1933 – 5 August 2019) was a Czech football player. He played for Czechoslovakia, playing 17 matches and scoring 9 goals. He attended the 1962 FIFA World Cup, where Czechoslovakia won the silver medal.


Bjorg Lambrecht

Bjorg Lambrecht (2 April 1997 – 5 August 2019) was a Belgian cyclist. He rode for UCI WorldTeam . In August 2018, he was named in the startlist for the 2018 Vuelta a España. 

Lambrecht died on 5 August 2019 after crashing into a concrete tunnel during the third stage of the 2019 Tour de Pologne, at age 22.

Asif Mohseni

Grand Ayatollah Muhammad Asif Mohseni () (Sheik Mohseni) (26 April 1935 – 5 August 2019) was an Afghan politician and religious leader. He was seen as the most powerful Twelver shia Marja' in Afghanistan. He was the founder of the Islamic Movement of Afghanistan ("Harakat-I Islami-yi Afghanistan"). He was a Shia Pashtun. He was born in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan. 

Mohseni died on 2 August 2019 in Kabul at the age of 84.

Alejandro Serrano

Nicanor Alejandro Serrano Aguilar (13 January 1933 – 6 August 2019) was an Ecuadorian politician and sports leader. He was born in Cuenca, Ecuador. Serrano was Vice President of Ecuador from 5 May 2005 to 15 January 2007. National Congress of Ecuador elected him to fill vacancy of Vicepresidency when Alfredo Palacio became President of Ecuador. Serrano has been a mayor, councilman, sports leader and civil engineer.

Serrano died on 6 August 2019 at a hospital in Cuenca from surgery-related problems, aged 86.

Vice President of Ecuador

The Vice President of Ecuador is the second highest political position in Ecuador. In many instances, the vice president succeeded the president in turbulent political situations. The last time was in 2005 after the resignation of president Lucio Gutiérrez. According to the current constitution, the vice president is elected on the same ticket as the president.

Below is the history of the office holders. The list is complete.

Pedro Pierluisi

Pedro Rafael Pierluisi Urrutia (born April 26, 1959) is a Puerto Rican attorney, lobbyist, and politician. He is the Governor of Puerto Rico since January 2, 2021.
Pierluisi was the "de facto" Governor of Puerto Rico. He was sworn-in on August 2, 2019. Five days later, the Puerto Rico Supreme Court ruled that Pierluisi was sworn in on unconstitutional grounds and removed him from office, effective 5 p.m. AST on August 7.

He was the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in 2009–2017, as well as the Secretary of Justice of Puerto Rico in the 1990's. Pierluisi, a member of New Progressive.

On January 2, 2021, Pierluisi was sworn in. there was a private ceremony in which he was sworn in by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Maite Oronoz Rodríguez. This was followed by a controversial public ceremony on the north side of the Puerto Rican Capitol, where Pierluisi took the oath of office publicly in front of 400 guests during the COVID-19 pandemic and delivered his inagural speech.

In February 2021, Pedro Pierluisi, said Congress was "morally obligated" to respond to last year's referendum.

On March 15, 2021, Pedro Pierluisi indicated that the state of emergency related to maritime transport from the main island to Vieques and Culebra would remain in effect until 2022 when the ferry transport system would be privatized. After group protests against the inadequate ferry service, which led to clashes between police and protesters, Pedro Pierluisi said he supported the actions of the "Fuerzas Unidas de Rapida Acción", the local branch of the forces of security involved in the demonstration.

On March 20, 2022, the assembly general assembly of the Nouveau Parti Progressist, the governor Pedro Pierluisi announcing that he had issued a second mandate. In an interview on August 28, 2022, it was confirmed that the press said it was now open..

In February 2023, Pedro Pierluisi pleaded before the Senate in Washington D.C. for the United States of America to approve the bill which provides for an electoral consultation in Puerto Rico between the options of American statehood, independence or of independence in free association with the United States of America..

Sushma Swaraj

Swaraj was the Minister of External Affairs of India in the first Narendra Modi government (2014 – 2019). She was the second woman to hold the office, after Indira Gandhi.

She was elected seven times as a Member of Parliament and three times as a Member of the Legislative Assembly.

At the age of 25 in 1977, she became the youngest cabinet minister of Indian state of Haryana. She also served as 5th Chief Minister of Delhi for a short duration in 1998.

On 6 August 2019, Swaraj died of a heart attack at a hospital in New Delhi, aged 67.
She said in Februrary 2016, that the Romani people are children from India.

Molar heat capacity

The molar heat capacity of a substance is the energy needed to raise the temperature of one mole of it by one degree Celsius.

When using SI units, it can be calculated with the equation formula_1
where formula_2 refers to the molar heat capcity (in joules per Kelvin), formula_3 to the heat supplied (in joules) and formula_4 (in Kelvin) to the temperature change in the substance.

The molar heat capacity of a given substance can be found by heating the substance by releasing a known amount of energy into the substance and measuring the temperature change.

For example, a common school experiment to find the molar heat capacity of water involves heating a beaker of water with an immersion heater (that can display the heat released in joules on a display) and stirring the water, while checking the temperature at specific intervals.

For more accurate results, a bomb calorimeter can be used; these contain a chamber of fuel (in this case, a compound that will release heat when needed) inside a chamber of water, with the water chamber protected by heat-proof walls (to ensure minimal heat loss, which would affect the final heat capacity recorded).

Spontaneity (chemistry)

The spontaneity of a process refers to whether or not the reaction would occur without an input of energy, because of the value of the reaction's Gibbs free energy.

The Gibbs free energy is given by:

where formula_2 refers to the Gibbs free energy, formula_3to the enthalpy change, formula_4 to the temperature (in Kelvin) and formula_5 to the entropy change.

If the Gibbs free energy change is 0 or negative, the reaction is said to be spontaneous and can occur without an input of energy into the system. If the Gibbs free energy were above 0, the reaction would not be spontaneous and would require an input of energy in order for it to proceed.

In equilibrium reactions, a reaction one way will be spontaneous, while the reverse reaction will be non-spontaneous. Therefore, using a general formula for equilibria:

<chem>A <=> B + C</chem>

If the formation of compounds formula_6 and formula_7 from formula_8 were spontaneous, the formation of compound formula_8 from formula_6 and formula_7 would be non-spontaneous.

An example of a spontaneous process is the conversion of diamond into graphite, because graphite has a more thermodynamically stable structure. An example of a non-spontaneous process would be the combustion of methane in oxygen to form carbon dioxide and water, as this requires an input of energy.

Peep and the Big Wide World

Peep and the Big Wide World is an American animated kids' TV series. It was created by Kaj Pindal.

"Peep and the Big Wide World" was based on the 1988 short movie "Peep and the Big Wide World". The movie was produced by the National Film Board of Canada. The short was based on the 1962 short "The Peep Show". It was also produced by the National Film Board of Canada.

"Peep and the Big Wide World" premiered on April 12, 2004 on Discovery Kids and on TLC as part of their "Ready Set Learn" children's block. On the same day, it also premiered on TVOKids and Discovery Kids.

It ended on the Discovery Children's networks on October 10, 2010. It ended with the end of "Ready Set Learn" and the replacement of Discovery Kids with The Hub. The program is still offered to public television stations by independent public television distributor Discovery Communications. Since January 1, 2018, the series was distributed by both Discovery Kids and APT. The program was underwritten by the National Science Foundation. Northrop Grumman underwrote the fourth season in 2009.

Each episode had two 9-minute animated stories. They also had two 2-minute live action segments. In these segments, children explore and demonstrate the same topics that were shown in the animated segment.

On January 1, 2018, Peep and the Big Wide World was picked up on the 24-hour PBS Kids channel, marking the first time to air the series for PBS member stations, which never acquired the series since it's original run in 2004. The broadcast of the series ended on December 26, 2021, when it was replaced with reruns of Dinosaur Train to the 7:30 a.m. weekend morning timeslot. And then on February 1, 2023, Peep and the Big Wide World returned picked up on the 24-hour PBS Kids channel, marking the first time to air the series for PBS member stations, which never acquired the series since it's original run in 2004.

Immobilized enzyme

An immobilized enzyme is an enzyme that is attached to an inert, insoluble material. This can provide a higher resistance to changes in condition such as pH or temperature.

Immobilised enzymes can be important for commercial uses as they have many benefits to the cost and processes of the reaction such as:


U.S. Route 56

U.S. Route 56 (US 56) is an east–west United States highway. It goes for in the Midwestern United States. The highway's eastern endpoint is at U.S. Route 71 in Kansas City, Missouri. Its western endpoint is at Interstate 25 Business in Springer, New Mexico. Much of it follows the Santa Fe Trail.

The highway goes through New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri. It also touches a corner of Texas at a small road junction near the New Mexico/Oklahoma border.


U.S. Route 160

U.S. Route 160 (US 160) is a 1,465 mile (2,358 km) long east–west United States highway in the Midwestern and Western United States. The western endpoint of the route is at US 89, five miles (8 km) west of Tuba City, Arizona. The eastern endpoint is at US 67 and Missouri 158, southwest of Poplar Bluff, Missouri.

Its route was made famous in song in 1975. This is because the road from Wolf Creek Pass to Pagosa Springs, Colorado in C.W. McCall's country music song "Wolf Creek Pass".



U.S. Route 166

U.S. Route 166 (US 166) is a west–east United States highway. This route and US-266 are the only two remaining parts of historic U.S. Route 66 (which was decommissioned in 1985), since US-666 was renumbered to US-491 in 2003.

US-166 meets the old route of US-66, now designated US-69 Alternate, in Baxter Springs in the southeast corner of Kansas.


U.S. Route 69

U.S. Route 69 (US 69) is a major north–south United States highway. When it was first created, it was only long. It has been expanded into a Minnesota to Texas cross-country route. The highway's southern endpoint (as well as those of US 287 and US 96) is in Port Arthur, Texas at an intersection with State Highway 87. Its northern endpoint is in Albert Lea, Minnesota at Minnesota State Highway 13.


U.S. Route 270

U.S. Route 270 (US 270) is a spur of US 70. It goes for from Liberal, Kansas at US 54 to White Hall, Arkansas at Interstate 530 (I-530) and US 65. It goes through the states of Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Kansas. It goes through the cities of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Hot Springs, Arkansas, and McAlester, Oklahoma.

US 270 starts in the southeast part of Liberal, Kansas. It is at an intersection with US 83 (running north–south through the intersection) and US 54. US 270 follows the south partg of this intersection, following US 83 south. US 270 only goes in Kansas before it goes into Oklahoma. Seward County is the only Kansas county that US-270 is in.


U.S. Route 73

U.S. Route 73 (US 73) is a north–south United States highway. it goes for from northeast Kansas to southeast Nebraska. The highway's southern endpoint is Bonner Springs, Kansas at I-70. Its northern endpoint is near Dawson, Nebraska at US 75.

U.S. Route 73 starts at I-70 in Kansas City. It goes along with U.S. Route 24, U.S. Route 40, and K-7. Two miles north of its endpoint, US 24 and US 40 turn west; US 73 continues north with K-7. It goes north with K-7 through Lansing, where it intersects K-5. US 73 and K-7 then go through Leavenworth. It goes northwestern from Leavenworth. It meets K-192 near Easton. At Atchison, it turns west. At Atchison, K-7 ends. US 73 goes along with U.S. Route 59. It goes west. It then turns northwest near Lancaster at its intersection with K-9. It goes through Huron. It goes along with K-20 near Everest. It goes west into Horton, and it intersects U.S. Route 159. The two highways go north together, and they meet U.S. Route 36 at Hiawatha. After going northwest through Reserve, US-73 and US-159 turn north and enter Nebraska.


U.S. Route 75

U.S. Route 75 is a major north–south U.S. Highway. It goes in the central United States. The highway's northern endpoint is in Noyes, Minnesota, at the Canada–US border. Its southern endpoint is at Interstate 30 and Interstate 45 in Dallas, where it is called North Central Expressway.

U.S. 75 was a cross-country route. It went from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico at Galveston, Texas. However, the entire part south of Dallas has not been used in favor of Interstate 45. That part became Texas State Highway 75.



Roberto Totaro

Roberto Totaro (born 1957 in Belluno) is an Italian cartoonist. He is famous for the comic "Nirvana", also translated into Spanish.

Roberto Totaro was born in 1957 in Belluno, in northern Italy, and studied at Artistic Liceo (High School) and L'accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia (University of Art in Venice). He started his career during the 80's, learning from the Disney author Luciano Gatto, and drawing comics for the italian magazine Topolino (italian for Mickey Mouse).

U.S. Route 77

U.S. Route 77 (US 77) is a major north–south United States highway. It goes for 1305 miles in the central United States. As of 2005, the highway's northern endpoint is in Sioux City, Iowa, at an interchange with Interstate 29. Its southern endpoint is in Brownsville, Texas, at Veteran's International Bridge on the U.S.-Mexico border.

The road does not have signs in and around Dallas, Texas. The route has major freeway parts in Oklahoma City. It includes the Broadway Extension part, which connects suburban Edmond to downtown Oklahoma City.

US-77 goes for in Kansas. It is a Blue Star Memorial Highway between the U.S. 40 junction and the Cowley County line. In Cowley County, it is called the Robert B. Docking Memorial Highway. Near Arkansas City, it is called the Walnut Valley Greenway.

From Nebraska to U.S. 24 and from K-15 to Arkansas City, it is part of the National Highway System.


Sio (cartoonist)

Simone Albrigi (born 8 October 1988, Verona, Italy) better known as "Sio" is an Italian cartoonist and youtuber.

He was educated at Ca' Foscari University of Venice.

In 2006 he joined the group Shockdom and he pubblished his first Comic "L'uomo scottecs". The English version of the comic was released in 2012.

Sio became a father in 2019, and on 30th May, he published his first videogame "Super Cane Magic ZERO - Legend of the Cane Cane".

U.S. Route 81

U.S. Route 81 or U.S. Highway 81 (US 81) is a major north–south U.S. highway. It goes for in the central United States. It is one of the original United States Numbered Highways created in 1926 by the American Association of State Highway Officials.

The route of US 81 follows that of the old Meridian Highway which dates back as early as 1911. The highway has alternately (and unofficially) been known as part of the Pan-American Highway. In the part in the state of Oklahoma, the highway closely follows the old Chisholm Trail for cattle drives from Texas to railheads in Kansas in the 1860s and 1870s.

As of 2004, the highway's northern endpoint is just north of Pembina, North Dakota, at the Canadian border.

Its southern endpoint is in Fort Worth, Texas, at an intersection with I-35W and US 287. Between 1926 and 1991, US 81's southern endpoint was at the Mexican border in Laredo, Texas. In 1991, the endpoint was moved to San Antonio.


U.S. Route 83

U.S. Route 83 (US 83) is a major north–south U.S. Highway. It goes in the central United States. Only four other north–south routes are longer: U.S. Routes 1, 41, 59, and 87. The highway's northern endpoint is north of Westhope, North Dakota, at the Canada–United States border. The southern endpoint is in Harlingen, Texas.



U.S. Route 400

U.S. Route 400 (US 400) is a mostly east–west U.S. Highway. It was created in 1994. The highway's western endpoint is in Granada, Colorado, at an intersection with US 385. The highway's eastern endpoint is southwest of Joplin, Missouri, near Loma Linda, at an interchange with Interstate 44. It originally ended in Garden City, Kansas; in 1996 it was made longer to its current western endpoint. Its route number does not follow the usual AASHTO numbering scheme, as there is no "parent" US 0.

US 400 begins in Granada at an intersection with US 385. It then goes along with US 50 through Holly east to the Kansas border.

US-400 and US-50 enter Kansas west of Coolidge. They go together through Garden City, where it intersects US-83. They separate at Dodge City. This is where it intersects US-56 and US-283. It goes southeast from Dodge City and first intersects US-54 at Mullinville.

US-400 and US-54 start going together at Mullinville. This goes through Greensburg, Pratt and Kingman before going into Wichita. While in Wichita, US-400 and US-54 intersect Interstate 235. It goes along with US-81 and Interstate 135. K-96 provides a short freeway connection to Interstate 35, which is also the Kansas Turnpike. At Augusta, US-400 and US-54 goes along with US-77. US-400 separates at Haverhill.
US-400 goes east through several small towns before turning southeast to go through the Fredonia area. It intersect US-75 at Neodesha. After going along with US-75, it turns east. It intersects U.S. Route 169 near Morehead and then US-59 near Parsons. Then it intersects US-69 south of Pittsburg. It then turns south with US-69. At Crestline, it follows US-69A south to Riverton. US-400 then turns east with US-166 at Baxter Springs. The two highways go eastward into Missouri.

US 400, along with US 166, ends at I-44 about one mile (1.6 km) east of the Kansas-Missouri state line. It is three miles (5 km) west of Joplin.


Tyson Foods

Tyson Foods, Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Springdale, Arkansas. It is in the food industry. The company is the world's second biggest processor and marketer of chicken, beef, and pork after JBS S.A.. Every year, it exports the biggest percentage of beef out of the United States. It operates major food brands, including Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright Brand, Aidells, and State Fair. Tyson Foods ranked No. 80 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

The company was created by John W. Tyson in 1935. World War II helped their business because chicken was not included in foods that were rationed. As of 2014, the company has 115,000 employees. They have more than 300 facilities, over 100 of which are in the US.


National Beef

National Beef is an American food company. They are a beef processor. The company is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. They make fresh, chilled, and further processed beef and beef by-products for customers worldwide. The company’s main focuses include branded box beef, consumer ready beef, portion control beef and wet blue leather.

National Beef is the United States’s fourth biggest beef processor. They make more than $7 billion every year.

Between 1991 and 1994, several accidental and unrelated employee deaths happened. The company faced legal prosecution. The cases ended with settlements.

Saline River (Kansas)

The Saline River is a tributary of the Smoky Hill River in the central Great Plains of North America. The entire river is in the U.S. state of Kansas in the northwest part of the state. The river got its name from the French translation of its Native name Ne Miskua. It refers to how salty the river is.

The Saline River starts in the High Plains of northwestern Kansas. The south tributary of the river rises near the Sherman County-Thomas County line. The north tributary rises in central Thomas County. The confluence of the two rivers are in Sheridan County roughly northwest of Grinnell, Kansas. From this confluence, the Saline River goes east for through the Smoky Hills region of north-central Kansas. It joins the Smoky Hill River about 1 mile south of New Cambria, Kansas in Saline County. The Saline is slow and can't be used for transportation. It has no major tributaries. It has a riverbed of sand and mud.

The Saline River goes through these counties:

The first recorded reference to the Saline River was on October 18, 1724, by French explorer Etienne Venyard de Bourgmont. He wrote that he found a "small river where the water was briny." Bourgmont was on his way to discuss a peace treaty with the Padouca. Their "Grand Village" was on the Saline River's banks. In 1806, an American journey led by Zebulon Pike crossed the river on its way to visit the Pawnee. By 1817, the river was called the "Grand Saline."

The Pawnee and the Kansa, who used the area for hunting, had land along the Saline River. This was until the 1850s when American settlers started coming. The Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 created the Kansas Territory, which included all of the Saline River. By 1873, the U.S. government had removed the Kansa to a reservation in the Indian Territory (now Oklahoma).

In August 1867, Cheyenne warriors killed a group of railroad workers in Ellis County. This led to a battle between the Cheyenne and Buffalo Soldiers from Fort Hays. It became known as "The Battle of the Saline River."

The Saline River flooded sometimes during the late 19th century. Particularly bad floods happening in 1858, 1867, and 1903. In 1964, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dammed the river in eastern Russell County for flood control, creating Wilson Lake.


Wilson Lake (Kansas)

Wilson Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is on the border of Russell County and Lincoln County. It was built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood control. It is also used for wildlife management and recreation. Several parks are along its shoreline, including Wilson State Park.

The Corps of Engineers planned, designed, and built Wilson Dam. They completed it in 1964 for $20 million.

Wilson Lake is at (38.9401464, -98.5567638) at an elevation of . It is in north-central Kansas in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Most of Wilson Lake is in Russell County. A small part of its southeastern part goes into Lincoln County.

The reservoir is impounded at its northeastern end by Wilson Dam. The dam is at (38.9666777, -98.4947876) at an elevation of . The Saline River is the reservoir's main inflow of water from the west. It is also the reservoir's main outflow to the east. Smaller tributaries include Elm Creek, which flows from the south into the western part of the reservoir, and Hell Creek, which feeds the reservoir's southeastern arm.

Kansas Highway 232 goes north-south along the reservoir's eastern shore. It also goes across the top of Wilson Dam. Shoreline Road, a paved county road, goes east-west parallel to the southern shore. It crosses the reservoir's southeastern part.

The surface area, surface elevation, and water volume of the reservoir changed based on inflow and local climate. When the reservoir is full, it has a surface area of , a surface elevation of , and a volume of .

Wilson Dam is a dam that has a floor made of rock and soil. It is tall and long.


Gerry Fairhead

Arthur Gerald "Gerry" Fairhead (March 23, 1923 – July 5, 2019) was a Canadian sailor. He placed eighth in the Star class at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Fairhead died on July 5, 2019 at the age of 96.


Godfried Toussaint

Godfried Theodore Patrick Toussaint (1944 – July 2019) was a Canadian computer scientist. He was a Professor of Computer Science, and the Head of the Computer Science Program at New York University Abu Dhabi (NYUAD). He did research on many aspects of computational geometry and discrete geometry.

He was a co-founder of the Annual ACM Symposium on Computational Geometry, and the annual Canadian Conference on Computational Geometry.

Zebulon Pike

Zebulon Montgomery Pike (January 5, 1779 – April 27, 1813) was an American brigadier general and explorer. Pikes Peak in Colorado is named after him. As a U.S. Army officer, President Thomas Jefferson asked him to lead two journeys through the new Louisiana Purchase territory. The first was in 1805-06 to explore the upper northern parts of the Mississippi River. The second journey was in 1806-07 to explore the Southwest to the edges of the northern Spanish-colonial settlements of New Mexico and Texas. Pike's journeys happened at the same time as other journeys that happened while Thomas Jefferson was president. This include the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1804–1806) and the Thomas Freeman and Peter Custis expedition up the Red River (1806).

Pike's second journey crossed the Rocky Mountains into what is now southern Colorado. He was captured by the Spanish colonial authorities near Santa Fe. They sent Pike and his men to Chihuahua (present-day Mexico), to be questioned. Later in 1807, Pike and some of his men were led by the Spanish through Texas, and they were released near American territory in Louisiana.

In 1810, Pike wrote a book about his journeys. The book was so popular that it was translated into Dutch, French, and German languages, for publication in Europe. He later became a brigadier general in the American Army. He served during the War of 1812, until he was killed during the Battle of York, in April 1813.

Zebulon Pike, Jr. married Clarissa Harlow Brown in 1801. They had one child who lived to become an adult, Clarissa Brown Pike. She later married President William Henry Harrison's son, John Cleves Symmes Harrison. They had four other children who died before becoming adults.

Pike was promoted to brigadier general in March 1813. Along with General Jacob Brown, Pike left Sackets Harbor, on the New York shore of Lake Ontario. This would be his last military campaign. On this campaign, Pike led soldiers in the successful attack on York (now Toronto), on April 27, 1813. Pike was killed, along with other American soldiers, by flying rocks and other debris. This was when the withdrawing British blew up its ammunition supply as Pike's troops got close to Fort York. His body was brought by ship back to Sackets Harbor. His body were buried at the military cemetery.

Pike's 20th century reputation focused on his exploration. His name appeared often on natural features, such as dams, islands, lakes, and parks.

In 1901, General William Jackson Palmer built a marble statue of Zebulon Pike. It was placed near the main entrance of the Antlers Hotel.  Pike was later honored in 1926 with a bronze medallion portrait placed in the pavilion at Tahama Spring in Monument Valley Park, Colorado Springs.

A building at Fort Knox is named in his honor.







Miriam Butterworth

Miriam Butterworth (April 14, 1918 – July 9, 2019) was an American educator, activist, and politician. She was a Democrat. In the 1940s, she helped equalize representation in the Connecticut General Assembly. 

She was involved in the international peace movement and worked for peace to end the Vietnam War and later as a monitor for voting in Nicaragua. After teaching at independent schools, Butterworth was chair of the Public Utilities Control Authority. She was president of Hartford College for Women and was on the Town Council of West Hartford.

Butterworth died from heart disease on July 9, 2019 in Bloomfield, Connecticut, aged 101.

Toy &amp; Wing

Toy & Wing were an Asian-American tap dance duo. The duo were known as Dorothy Toy (real name Shigeko Takahashi, May 28, 1917 – July 10, 2019) and Paul Wing (real name Paul Wing Jew, October 14, 1912 – April 27, 1997). They were known as the "Chinese Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers". 

They were active in the 1930s and 1940s. They were the first Asian-Americans to enter the American tap dance scene.

Dorothy Toy was born on May 28, 1917 in San Francisco. She died on July 10, 2019 in Oakland, California at the age of 102. Paul Wing was born in Menlo Park, California on October 14, 1912 and died on April 27, 1997 at the Veterans Home of California located in Yountville, California. He was 85 years old. 

Inger Berggren

Inger Berggren (23 February 1934 – 19 July 2019) was a Swedish singer. Her biggest hits were "Sol och vår" and "Elisabeth serenad", both in 1962. She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962. She was the mother of the actress Gunilla Röör. Berggren was born in Stockholm.

Berggren died on 19 July 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 85.

Chaser (dog)

Chaser (April 28, 2004 – July 23, 2019) was a Border Collie with the largest tested memory of any non-human animal. Chaser worked with Professor John W. Pilley, at his home in Spartanburg, South Carolina, from eight weeks old, until Pilley's death in June 2018. She was trained in a formal research project. Chaser could identify and retrieve 1,022 toys by name.

On July 23, 2019, Chaser died from natural causes, at the age of 15 years, in her home in Spartanburg, South Carolina.

Redding Municipal Airport

Redding Municipal Airport (IATA:RDD IACO:KRDD FAA:RDD) is a public airport that lies 11 kilometers southeast of Redding, California. The airport was first used by the United States Army Air Force in 1942, but the military use for the airport was ended 1949.

The airport is now used for both general and commercial flights with United Express, a small branch of United Airlines, having flights to San Francisco and Los Angeles. 

Michael Roth

Michael Roth (18 June 1936 – 23 July 2019) was a German engineer. He was professor of automation, specializing in microprocessor technology, computer science and sociology as well as philosophy of science. He was one of the founders of computer engineering in Germany.

Insular area

Insular area is the name for one of the territories of the United States which are not a state of the union. People that live in these areas usually have no right to vote in US elections. Sometimes, they take part in preliminary elections. 

There are three areas in the Pacific Ocean: 


The following areas are in the Carribean:


The term is also used for many uninhabited islands, which the US claims as its territory. Most of these are in the Pacific:


Only a few are in the Carribean:


Container garden

A container garden or pot garden is a garden that is in containers instead of in the ground.
A container in gardening may be of various sizes. It may or may not be easily portable. and is used for showing live flowers or plants. It may take the form of a pot, flower box, tub, pot, basket, tin, barrel or hanging basket.

Pots, made of terracotta or sometimes plastic, and window boxes have been the most common containers. Terracotta containers are usual for long-term use in back yards. The reason is that they are porous, and water evaporates through the pores. This keeps the contents aerated. Plastic pots are usually for short-term use, and often sold complete with flowers and earth. Window boxes are shallow and open, and may be used for above-ground windows. 

Small pots are commonly called flowerpots.

Green roof

A green roof or living roof is a roof of a building that is partially or totally covered with plants. It may also include layers such as a root barrier and drainage and irrigation systems. Container gardens on roofs, where plants are in pots, are not generally true green roofs. Although, this is debated. Rooftop ponds are another kind of green roof which are used to treat greywater. Vegetation, soil, drainage layer, roof barrier and irrigation system make up a green roof.

There are reasons why a building may have a green roof. The reasons include absorbing rainwater, providing insulation, creating a habitat for wildlife, increasing benevolence and decreasing stress of the people around the roof, and helping to lower urban air temperatures and go against the heat island effect. Green roofs are able to be added on old buildings as well as new buildings. They can be put on small garages or larger industrial, commercial and municipal buildings. They effectively use the natural abilities of plants to filter water and treat air in urban and suburban areas.

There are two types of green roof:

Anders P. Ravn

Professor Anders Peter Ravn (29 October 1947 – 1 August 2019) was a Danish computer scientist.

Between 1969–73, Anders Ravn was a teaching assistant in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Copenhagen (DIKU). From 1972–76, he was a systems programmer on minicomputers at the early Danish computer company A/S Regnecentralen. 

He returned to academia and rose from assistant professor (1976–80) to associate professor (1980–84) at DIKU.

Ravn died on 1 August 2019 in Copenhagen at the age of 71.

David Berman (musician)

David Cloud Berman (born David Craig Berman; January 4, 1967 – August 7, 2019) was an American poet, cartoonist and singer-songwriter. He was best known for his work with indie-rock band the Silver Jews. 

In January 2009, Berman announced his retirement from music in hopes of finding a meaningful way of undoing the damage that his estranged father Richard (drug lobbyist) had done to society.

Berman had written and recorded with the Silver Jews, he has also released two books: "Actual Air" (1999) and "The Portable February" (2009). In early 2019, Berman returned to music under the new band name Purple Mountains, releasing an eponymous debut album in July 2019.

Berman lived in Chicago, Illinois. He was found dead at his Brooklyn apartment on August 7, 2019 at the age of 52. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.


Nakai

Nakai (Japanese: 中井, 中居) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:


Jorma Kinnunen

Jorma Vilho Paavali Kinnunen (15 December 1941 – 25 July 2019) was a Finnish athlete. He competed mainly in the javelin throw. He was born in Pihtipudas. He competed for Finland in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City where he won the silver medal.

Kinnunen died after a long illness on 25 July 2019, aged 77.

Gergely Kulcsár

Gergely Kulcsár (10 March 1934 – 12 August 2020) a Hungarian javelin thrower. He competed at the 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won two bronze medals, in 1960 and 1968, and a silver medal in 1964.

He was the Olympic flag bearer for Hungary in 1964, 1968 and 1972.

Patton Brothers

The Patton Brothers, comprising Jimmy Elliott (20 August 1931 – 25 July 2019) and Brian Elliott (born 13 December 1933), were an English comedy double act and the two older brothers of Barry and Paul Elliott, the Chuckle Brothers. They began their career as a double act in 1954.

Both Jimmy and Brian made appearances in the children's television series "ChuckleVision," alongside their younger brothers Paul and Barry. Jimmy is known as "No Slacking" due to the catchphrase.

For three months, all four brothers appeared together on the game show "3-2-1" with Ted Rogers on 17 April 1982 (Season 4, Episode 13), and also on "New Faces". Afterwards, Jimmy and Brian returned to being the Patton Brothers.

On 25 July 2019, Jimmy died of cancer at the age of 87.


Arnie Brown

Stewart Arnold Brown (January 28, 1942 – July 26, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, New York Islanders, and Atlanta Flames.

After one season in the World Hockey Association (WHA), Brown retired in 1975.

Brown died on July 26, 2019 in North Kawartha, Ontario at the age of 77.

Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino

Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino ( 18 October 1936 – 26 July 2019) was a Cuban prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Havana from 1981 to 2016. He was appointed to the College of Cardinals in 1994, the second Cuban to hold that job.

During negotiations to renew diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba, Cardinal Ortega, without public announcement, visited the White House and hand-delivered a letter from Pope Francis to President Barack Obama.

Ortega was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2018. He died on 26 July 2019 in El Cobre, Cuba at the age of 82.

Kevin Roster

Kevin "Racks" Gene Roster Jr. (March 9, 1983 – July 26, 2019) was an American poker player and activist. He had terminal cancer who moved to California where he fought to protect the state's right-to-die legislation. He supports medical aid in dying.

He played in the 2019 World Series of Poker in the summer of 2019, and used the event as a platform to raise awareness about sarcoma and to encourage people to push for early detection and diagnosis.

Roster died via medical aid in dying in Rancho Cordova, California on July 26, 2019 at the age of 36.

Carlos Cruz-Diez

Carlos Cruz-Diez (17 August 1923 – 27 July 2019) was a Venezuelan artist. He was thought to be one of the greatest artist of the 20th century. He was best known for his kinetic and op art.

His teaching and art career was based between both Paris and Caracas. His work was represented in museums and public art sites internationally, such as Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York; Tate Modern, London; Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris; Centre Pompidou, París; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; Wallraf-Richartz Museum, Colonia, and others.

Cruz-Diez died on 27 July 2019 in Paris at the age of 95.


Biljana Plavšić

Biljana Plavšić (; born 7 July 1930) is a Serbian politician. She President of Republika Srpska who was indicted in 2001 by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for war crimes committed during the Bosnian War. 

She plea-bargained with the ICTY and was sentenced to 11 years in prison in 2003.

She was released on 27 October 2009 after serving two-thirds of her sentence. Plavšić is, together with Radovan Karadžić, the highest ranking Bosnian Serb politician to be sentenced. 

Humphrey Mijnals

Humphrey Mijnals (21 December 1930 – 27 July 2019) was a Surinamese-Dutch footballer. He played international football for both the Netherlands and Suriname.

He also played 45 times in the Suriname national football team. In 1999, he was elected Surinamese footballer of the century. On 24 August 2008, Mijnals also received Sports Medal of the city of Utrecht.

Mijnals died on 27 July 2019 in Utrecht at the age of 88.

Mike Roarke

Michael Thomas Roarke (November 8, 1930 – July 27, 2019) was an American catcher and coach in Major League Baseball. He threw and batted right-handed. He stood tall and weighed . Roarke played for the Detroit Tigers, St. Louis Cardinals and the San Diego Padres.

Roarke died on July 27, 2019 in West Warwick, Rhode Island at the age of 88.

, or Retrosheet, or SABR Biography Project

West Warwick, Rhode Island

West Warwick is a town in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 31,012 at the 2020 census.

John Robert Schrieffer

John Robert Schrieffer (; May 31, 1931 – July 27, 2019) was an American physicist. With John Bardeen and Leon Cooper, he was a recipient of the 1972 Nobel Prize in Physics. He was known for developing the BCS theory. It was the first successful quantum theory of superconductivity. 

In 2005, Schrieffer fell asleep while driving and received a sentence of two years in prison for vehicular manslaughter which killed one, and injured seven other people.

Schrieffer died on July 27, 2019 in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 88.

Leon Cooper

Leon N Cooper (born February 28, 1930) is an American physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics with John Bardeen and John Robert Schrieffer in 1972. He helped developed the BCS theory of superconductivity. 

He is also the namesake of the Cooper pair and co-developer of the BCM theory of synaptic plasticity.

Eduardo Gómez

Eduardo Gómez Manzano (27 July 1951 – 28 July 2019) was a Spanish actor and comedian. He was born in Madrid, Spain. He was known for his roles in "Aquí no hay quien viva", "La que se avecina" and "Butterfly's Tongue".

Gómez died from laryngeal cancer in Madrid on 28 July 2019 at the age of 68.


Vladimir Kara-Murza Sr.

Vladimir Alexeyevich Kara-Murza (; 24 October 1959 – 28 July 2019) was a Russian journalist and television host. He was born in Moscow. 

Kara-Murza died on 28 July 2019 in Moscow at the age of 59.

In 1992, with the onset of President Boris Yeltsin's democratic reforms, he joined the weekly "Itogi" programme on Channel One of Russian TV—first as editor, then as correspondent. 

In 1993, along with his colleagues, joined the newly created NTV, Russia's first independent television channel founded by Vladimir Gusinsky. In April 1995, Kara-Murza became the anchor of NTV's news programme "Today at Midnight".

He was the father of opposition politician Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza.

Loek van Mil

Ludovicus Jacobus Maria "Loek" van Mil (; 15 September 1984 – 28 July 2019) was a Dutch professional baseball pitcher. At , he was one of the tallest players in the history of professional baseball.

He played for Curaçao Neptunus of the Honkbal Hoofdklasse and for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).

On the Netherlands national baseball team he was the team's closer in the 2013 World Baseball Classic and the 2015 Premier 12 and appeared in the 2007 Baseball World Cup.

van Mil died on 28 July 2019 from problems caused by a hiking injury at the age of 34.

Jaipal Reddy

Sudini Jaipal Reddy (16 January 1942 – 28 July 2019) was an Indian politician. He was the member of the Lok Sabha of India for five terms. 

He represented the Chevella constituency of Telangana and was a member of the Indian National Congress. 

He was a Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting in the I. K. Gujral cabinet in 1998. In 1999 he returned to Indian National Congress after 21 years. In 2004 he was re-elected to 14th Lok Sabha from Miryalaguda Lok Sabha Constituency and then he was a Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting and Union Minister for Urban Development in the United Progressive Alliance-1. 

In 2009 he was re-elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from the Chevella constituency and was a Union Minister for Urban Development and Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas. 

He was the Union Minister for the Ministry of Earth Sciences and the Ministry of Science and Technology from 29 October 2012 to 18 May 2014.

Reddy died on 28 July 2019 at a hospital in Hyderabad of pneumonia at the age of 77.

Ruth de Souza

Ruth de Souza (May 12, 1921 – July 28, 2019) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. de Souza was known for her roles in "The Landowner's Daughter", "Macumba Love" and in "A Glass of Rage".

She was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

De Souza died of pneumonia on July 28, 2019 in Copacabana, Brazil at the age of 98.

Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro

Copacabana () is a "bairro" (neighbourhood) located in the South Zone of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is known for its 4 km (2.5 miles) balneario beach, which is one of the most famous in the world.

Egil Danielsen

Egil Danielsen (9 November 1933 – 29 July 2019) was a Norwegian javelin thrower. He was born in Hamar, Norway. He competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics. He won the gold medal in 1956. Danielsen set a new world record at 85.71 m and won the gold medal. He could never reproduce that throw. For his Olympic victory and world record Danielsen was selected Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year in 1956.

He retired after the 1960 Olympics and focused on his family and work at the Hamar Fire Brigade. In the 2000s he was a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Pensioner Party.

Enrique Lafourcade

Enrique Eduardo Lafourcade Valdenegro (14 October 1927 – 29 July 2019) was a Chilean writer, critic and journalist. He was born in Santiago de Chile. Lafourcade published at least 24 novels (over 30 by some accounts) and over a dozen anthologies and collections of short stories and essays. His novel "Palomita Blanca" (1971) sold over a million copies, making it one of the all-time best sellers in Chile. He worked for the newspaper agency "El Mercurio".

Lafourcade died on 29 July 2019 in Santiago at the age of 91.

Vasil Metodiev

Vasil Metodiev (; (6 January 1935 – 29 July 2019) was a Bulgarian football midfielder. He played for Bulgaria in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Lokomotiv Sofia. 

He was a coach of Levski Sofia, where he won three Bulgarian championships, two Bulgarian Cup titles, two Cup of the Soviet Army titles, including one treble. 

In 1984, as coach of Levski, he eliminated German champions VfB Stuttgart for the European Cup.

Metodiev died on 29 July 2019 in Sofia at the age of 84.

Mona-Liisa Nousiainen

Mona-Liisa Nousiainen (née Malvalehto; 20 July 1983 – 29 July 2019) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He competed in the World Cup between 2002 and 2018. Nousiainen was born in Rovaniemi, Finland. In 1999, she won the Finnish Championship in accordion playing. She studied at the Sibelius Academy.

She announced her retirement from cross-country skiing after not being selected for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Nousiainen died on 29 July 2019 of cancer at the age of 36.

Tuvya Ruebner

Tuvya Ruebner, also Rübner (; 30 January 1924 – 29 July 2019) was an Israeli poet, editor, translator and photographer. He was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. He became a member of kibbutz Merhavia. For many years he was a schoolteacher and later lectured on literature at Haifa University.

Zdeněk Srstka

Zdeněk Srstka (26 September 1935 – 29 July 2019) was a Czech actor, stuntman and weightlifter. He starred in the movie "Poslední propadne peklu" under director Ludvík Ráža in 1982. He was born in Prague. He competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics with the result of ninth place.

Srstka died on 29 July 2019 in Prague at the age of 83.

Marcian Bleahu

Marcian David (Matty) Bleahu (14 March 1924, Brașov – 30 July 2019, Bucharest) was a Romanian geologist, speleologist, geographer, alpinist, explorer, writer and politician. He was well known for his scientific works to the development of the theories of global tectonics. He was a member of the Romanian Senate from 1990 to 2000.

Bleahu died in Bucharest on 30 July 2019 at the age of 95.

Nick Buoniconti

Nicholas Anthony Buoniconti (December 15, 1940 – July 30, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a middle linebacker in the American Football League (AFL) and National Football League (NFL). He played for the Boston Patriots and Miami Dolphins. He won two Super Bowls with the Dolphins. Buoniconti was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001.

Buoniconti died on July 30, 2019, in Bridgehampton, New York, at the age of 78.

Deep Impact (horse)

Deep Impact (Japanese : ディープインパクト, March 25, 2002 – July 30, 2019) was a champion Japanese racehorse that won seven Japanese Domestic Grade 1 races, including all races of Japanese Triple Crown (Satsuki Sho, Tokyo Yushun and Kikuka Sho).

On 30 July 2019, Deep Impact was euthanised after suffering a cervical fracture, aged 17.

W. Roy McCutcheon

William Roy McCutcheon (July 31, 1929 – July 30, 2019) was a Canadian educator. He was the second president of Seneca College from 1984 through 1992. McCutcheon announced his retirement in 1991.

McCutcheon died on July 30, 2019, on the eve of his 90th birthday.

Werner von Moltke

Werner Konrad Graf von (count of) Moltke (24 May 1936 – 29/30 July 2019) was a German decathlete. He won a European title in 1966 and finished second in 1962. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics, but failed to finish. He was born in Mühlhausen, Germany.

Von Moltke died on 29 or 30 July 2019 in Nieder-Olm, Germany at the age of 83.

Michael Crawford

Michael Patrick Smith, (born 19 January 1942), known by the professional stage name of Michael Crawford, is an English actor, comedian and singer. He is known for his role as the title role in "The Phantom of the Opera".

Since 1987, he has been the leader of the Sick Children's Trust as well and acted as a public face for the British social cause organization.

Martín Arzola Ortega

Martín Arzola Ortega (; – 31 July 2019), commonly referred to by his alias "El 53", was a Mexican convicted drug lord. He was a high-ranking leader of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), a criminal group based in Jalisco. 

He worked under Nemesio Oseguera Cervantes (alias "El Mencho"), the alleged top leader of the CJNG. Arzola Ortega began his criminal career in 1998 as a cargo truck thief and eventually joined the Milenio Cartel, the predecessor group of the CJNG. 

After several of his bosses were arrested and/or killed, he founded the CJNG with other defectors in the 2010s. 

Arzonla Ortega died on 31 July 2019 in Zapopan, Jalisco after being shot dead at a mall, aged 42.

María Auxiliadora Delgado

María Auxiliadora Delgado San Martín (11 March 1937 – 31 July 2019) was an Uruguayan civil servant and health activist. She was the wife of President Tabaré Vázquez. She was First Lady of Uruguay from 2005 to 2010 and again from 1 March 2015 until her death on 31 July 2019.

Auxiliadora met her husband, Tabaré Vázquez, when he was just 16 years old, and she was 19 years old. She worked for the Caja de Jubilaciones y Pensiones (Pension Fund) for 32 years before her retirement.

Auxiliadora Delgado died of a heart attack on 31 July 2019 in Montevideo at the age of 82.

Raffaele Pisu

Raffaele Pisu (24 May 1925 – 31 July 2019) was an Italian actor and comedian. In 2005, Pisu won the Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actor for his role in Paolo Sorrentino's "The Consequences of Love".

Jean-Luc Thérier

Jean-Luc Thérier (7 October 1945 – 31 July 2019) was a French rally driver. He was the highest scoring driver in the inaugural World Rally Championship in 1973. He was the only one to win three events. He was born in Hodeng-au-Bosc, France.

Thérier died from a long-illness on 31 July 2019 in Neufchâtel-en-Bray, France at the age of 73.


Butch Walker

Bradley Glenn "Butch Walker" (born November 14, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, musician.
Walker worked as a guitarist and performer in several rock bands in the 80s.

Along with Jayce Fincher and Mitch McLee, Wlaker formed a new band called Floyd's Funk Reviva, Their final concert was on 2001.

Walker began a solo career, releasing the albums "Left of Self-Centered" in 2002, he played a series of live shows with just acoustic guitar and vocals.

Black mustard

Black mustard ("Brassica nigra") is an annual plant grown for its seeds, which is commonly used as a spice. It is native to the Mediterranean, and has been cultivated for a very long time. With this cultivation it was also introduced to other regions of the world. 

Karl Glusman

Karl Lewis Glusman (born January 3, 1988) is an American actor.

Glusman was born in New York City and raised in Portland, Oregon. His parents are of Ashkenazi Jewish, English, German, Irish, Luxembourgian and Swedish descent.

Since 2016, Glusman has been in a relationship with actress Zoë Kravitz. Kravitz said she had become engaged in February 2018. They were married June 29, 2019. They were married at Kravitz's father, Lenny Kravitz's home in Paris, France.

Tim Ryan

Tim, Timmy or Timothy Ryan may refer to:





Shrek (character)

Shrek is the main character of the movie "Shrek". He was first seen in the 1990 children’s book "Shrek!" by William Steig. He is often seen as grumpy.

He appears in all "Shrek" movies. He is voiced by Mike Myers.

Donkey (Shrek)

Donkey (not known by any other name) is the second main character seen in the movie "Shrek". He is seen as the overly-happy and annoying sidekick of Shrek.

He appears in all the "Shrek" movies. He is voiced by Eddie Murphy.

Mariam V. Agababjan

Mariam Vladislavovna Aghababjan (born 1964) is an Armenian botanist, plant taxonomist, employee of the Institute of Botany of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia. She described many species of the genus "Rhaponticoides", which was isolated from the genus Centaurea.
In 1992, under the leadership of Armen Takhtajan, she defended her thesis on the topic “Typical subgenus Centaurea” . She described for science 48 species of plants.

This author is usually abbreviated «M.V.Agab.» when citing a botanical name.
Centaurea tamanianae M. V. Agab. in Biol. Zurn. Armenii 42: 186. 1989

Aghababjan M.V., Oganesian M.E. 2000 Allium sect. Acanthoprason (Alliaceae) in southern Transcaucasia: a survey, with the description of two new species. Willdenowia. — 30. — P. 93—104

Greuter W., Gerhard W., Aghababjan M. & Hellwig F. H. 2001 (1509) Proposal to Conserve the Name Centaurea (Compositae) with a Conserved Type Taxon. — 50, no. 4. — P. 1201—1205. —

Greuter W., Aghababjan M., Wagenitz G. . Vaillant on Compositae—systematic concepts and nomenclatural impact. Taxon. — 2005. — 54, no. 1. — P. 149—174

Rhaponticoides africana M V Agab. (syn.Centaurea africana)

R ruthenica (Lam.)M V Agab. et Greuter
Centaurea tamanianae M. V. Agab.

R. taliewii

Hasmukhbhai Parekh

Hasmukh Thakordas Parekh (10 March 1911 – 18 November 1994) was an Indian financial entrepreneur, writer, and philanthropist. He played a role in the development of Industrial Credit & Investment Corporation of India, now ICICI Bank, founded the Housing Development Finance Corporation, and in 1992 was awarded the Padma Bhushan for his contribution to the finance industry in India. The London School of Economics also conferred on him an honorary fellowship.

Hasmukh Thakordas Parekh was born in Surat, Gujarat. He worked as a lecturer at St. Xavier's College, Bombay (now known as Mumbai), for three years, and later began his financial career with the stockbroking firm Harkisandass Lukhmidass. He joined ICICI as Deputy general manager in 1956, became chairman and managing director in 1972. He retired in 1976 and was Chairman of ICICI's Board until 1978.

At 66, when he had already received many honors and was stepping down from ICICI, he started a new financial institution, the Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC).

Misconception

A misconception is a belief which is perhaps understandable, but wrong. 

For example, many people believe that Frankenstein is the name of the monster in the story Frankenstein, but Frankenstein is really the man who created the monster.

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY) is an initiative by the Government of India. It plans affordable housing for the urban poor. The target is to build 20 million affordable houses by 31 March 2022. 

The total number of funded houses approved so far is 39,25,240 in urban areas. Five million rural houses will be built by March 2018 and 10 million rural houses by March 2019.

Islam in Bulgaria

Islam is the second largest religion in Bulgaria, behind Christianity. Many sources believed that Sunni Islam of Hanafi Madh'hab and Bektashi's, is the religion of 13% of the Bulgarian population. The vast majority of Bulgarian Muslims are Turkish and Xoraxane Roma, while almost Pomak are Muslims after Turkish. 

Bulgaria is the main leader of the European Union by percentage of Muslims.

Valle de la Luna (Chile)

Valle de la Luna (Valley of Moon) is known for its moonlike landscape . It is located at Los Flamencos Reserve park, North Chile's Atacama Desert.

Fabrizio Saccomanni

Fabrizio Saccomanni (November 22, 1942 – August 8, 2019) was an Italian economist and politician. He was the deputy governor of the Bank of Italy. He was the Minister of Economy and Finances between April 2013 and February 2014. From April 13, 2018 until his death, Saccomanni was the chairman of UniCredit. He was born in Rome.

Saccomanni died of a heart attack in San Teodoro, Italy on August 8, 2019 at the age of 76.

Maimun Zubair

Sheikh Kyai Hajji Maimun Zubair (Jawi: ; October 28, 1928 – August 6, 2019) was an Indonesian cleric. He was the murshid of Idrisiyya Shadhili in Sarang, Rembang Regency, Central Java. In 1967, Maimun created the Pondok Pesantren Al-Anwar in his home village, Karangmangu.

Zubair was a member of the Regional People's Representative Council (DPRD) of Rembang Regency from 1971 to 1978. He became a member of the People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia (MPR RI) from the Central Java envoy in 1987 and served until 1999.

Zubair was born in Rembang Regency, Central Java. He died on August 6, 2019 in Mecca, Saudi Arabia while performing a religious ceremony, aged 90.

Fabio Zerpa

Fabio Pedro Alles Zerpa (4 December 1928 – 7 August 2019) was a Uruguayan actor, journalist, parapsychologist and UFO researcher. He lived in Argentina from 1951 until his death. He was born in Rosario, Uruguay. Zerpa started to give his first conferences at the beginning of the 1960s.

In 1966, he created the radio program "Más allá de la cuarta dimensión" (Beyond the Fourth Dimension). From 2001 he was the director of the on-line magazine "El Quinto Hombre" (The Fifth Man). In December 2005 Zerpa was appointed cultural ambassador of the city of Colonia, Uruguay.

Zerpa died on 7 August 2019 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 90.

Jean-Pierre Mocky

Jean-Pierre Mocky (6 July 1929 – 8 August 2019) pseudonym of Jean-Paul Adam Mokiejewski, was a French movie director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Nice, France. His 1987 movie "Le Miraculé" was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. He also directed "Les Dragueurs" and starred in the movie "The Abandoned".

Mocky died at his home in Paris of kidney failure on 8 August 2019 at the age of 90.

Manfred Max-Neef

Artur Manfred Max Neef (; 26 October 1932 – 8 August 2019) was a Chilean economist and politician. Max-Neef was born in Valparaíso, Chile. He was a professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley in the early 1960s. He was known for his fundamental human needs and human scale development.

In 1983, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award for "revitalising small and medium-sized communities through 'Barefoot Economics'." He ran for President in the 1993 election ending up in fourth place with 5.55% of the vote.

Max-Neef died on 8 August 2019 in Valdivia, Chile at the age of 86.

Stanisław Konturek

Stanisław Jan Konturek (8 October 1931 – 8 August 2019) was a Polish physiologist and gastroenterologist. He was a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Polish Academy of Learning from 1986 until his death in 2019. He was a professor at the Jagiellonian University Collegium Medicum. He was born in Zakliczyn, Poland.

Konturek died on 8 August 2019 in Kraków, Poland at the age of 87.

Dany Carrel

Yvonne Suzanne Chazelles de Chaxel, better known as Dany Carrel, (born 20 September 1932) is a French actress. She was born in Tourane, Annam, French Indochina. She retired from acting in 1989. 

Carrel's best known roles were in "Dortoir des grandes" (1953), "Women's Club" (1956), "People of No Importance" (1956), "Porte des Lilas" (1957), "Girls for the Summer" (1958), "The Goose of Sedan" (1959), "Mill of the Stone Women" (1960), "The Hands of Orlac" (1960), "Une souris chez les hommes" (1964), "A Trap for Cinderella" (1965), "La prisonnière" (1968), "Clérambard" (1969), "Trois milliards sans ascenseur" (1972) and "Schools Falling Apart" (1981).


Ingeborg Schöner

Ingeborg Schöner (born 2 July 1935) is a German actress. She was born in Wiesbaden, Hessen, Germany. Her career began in 1945. Her best known roles were in "It Happened in Rome" (1957), "The First Day of Spring" (1956) and "King in Shadow" (1957).

Schöner also starred in "The Captain and His Hero" (1955), "Souvenir d'Italie" (1957), "Venice, the Moon and You" (1958), "Adorable and a Liar" (1958), "The Cow and I" (1959), "Big Request Concert" (1960), "Buffalo Bill, Hero of the Far West" (1964), "Legacy of the Incas" (1965), "The Long Day of Inspector Blomfield" (1968), "Mark of the Devil" (1970), "Mr. Superinvisible" (1970), "Die Supernasen" (1983) and "Guten Tag, Ramon" (2013).

Giuliano Montaldo

Giuliano Montaldo (22 February 1930 – 6 September 2023) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was born in Genoa, Italy. He starred in the movies "Achtung! Banditi!" (1951) and "Gli Sbandati" (1955). In 1960, he directed his first movie called "Tiro al piccione".

His best known works as a director include: "Una bella grinta", "Grand Slam", "Gott mit uns" (1969), "Sacco and Vanzetti" (1971), "Giordano Bruno" (1973), "Tempo di uccidere" (1989–1991), and "Marco Polo".

In 1971 he was a member of the jury at the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.

Montaldo died on 6 September 2023, at the age of 93.

Giulio Paradisi

Giulio Paradisi (born 21 March 1934) was an Italian movie director, actor and screenwriter. He was born in Rome. He began his career as an actor in Alessandro Blasetti's "Too Bad She's Bad". His best known works as a director include: "Terzo Canale - Avventura a Montecarlo" (1970), "The Visitor" (1979), "Tesoromio" (1979) and "Spaghetti House" (1982).

Francesco Maselli

Francesco Maselli (9 December 1930 – 21 March 2023), also known as Citto Maselli, was an Italian film director and screenwriter. He has directed 38 movies since 1949. His 1990 movie "Il segreto" was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. His other best known works include directing the movie "Gli sbandati" (1955) and for his acting role in "The Name of the Rose" (1986). Maselli was born in Rome. 
Maselli died in Rome on 21 March 2023, at the age of 92.

George Gilder

George Franklin Gilder (; born November 29, 1939) is an American investor, writer, economist, and technology enthusiast. He was born in New York City. Gilder is the co-founder of the Discovery Institute. His 1981 international bestseller "Wealth and Poverty" created a supporting case for supply-side economics and capitalism during the early months of the Reagan administration. He is a critic of feminism. 


Stu Rosen

Stuart M. Rosen (June 26, 1939 – August 4, 2019) was an American voice director and actor. He was born in Joliet, Illinois. He was best known for directing "MASK", "Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling", the first episodes of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", "The Legend of Prince Valiant", "Super Secret Secret Squirrel", "2 Stupid Dogs", and "Biker Mice from Mars". An actor, he was best known for as the voice of the storyteller in "".

Rosen died on August 4, 2019 in Los Alamitos, California, at the age of 80, from cancer.

Sag Harbor, New York

Sag Harbor is an incorporated village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is located on Long Island. The population was 2,772 at the 2020 census.

Prime Minister of Malawi

The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.

The Governor-General was the representative of the monarch in Malawi and exercised most of the powers of the monarch. The Governor-General was appointed for an indefinite term, serving at the pleasure of the monarch. After the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931, the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of the Cabinet of Malawi without the involvement of the British government. In the event of a vacancy the Chief Justice served as Officer Administering the Government.

Zita of Bourbon-Parma

Zita of Bourbon-Parma ("Zita Maria delle Grazie Adelgonda Micaela Raffaela Gabriella Giuseppina Antonia Luisa Agnese"; 9 May 1892 – 14 March 1989) was the last Empress of Austria. She was the wife of Charles I of Austria She was born a princess of the Duchy of Parma.

Leo Ortolani

Leonardo Ortolani (born 14 January 1967), better known as Leo, is an Italian comics author. He is known as the creator of the popular comic strip series" Rat-Man" and "Venerdì 12".

Cathedral Quarter, Belfast

The Cathedral Quarter is an area in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is around St Anne's Cathedral.

Johnson County Community College

Johnson County Community College (JCCC) is a public community college in Overland Park in Johnson County, Kansas. 

In 1963, Johnson County Commissioners, recognizing the emerging community college movement and wanting to help the quickly growing population of Johnson County, Kansas, created a committee to determine if it's possible to create a community college in Johnson County.

The college was officially created due to a successful county election in March 1967. The campus was made possible in 1969 after Johnson County voters approved $12.9 million to be used to buy 200 acres of land in Overland Park. Construction started in 1970. Classes were moved to the new campus in the fall 1972.

JCCC has many undergraduate credit courses that are similar to the first two years of most college curricula. Class sizes are usually 25 to 30 students.

The college has 926 faculty and staff. Another 1,451 people work as adjunct faculty or part-time staff. Most faculty members have master's degrees. Many of them have or are earning doctorates. Faculty and staff have won many awards for excellence.


De Soto, Kansas

De Soto is a city in Johnson and Leavenworth counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Most of the city, , is in Johnson County. In 2020, 6,118 people lived there.

De Soto was platted in spring 1857. It was named after sixteenth-century Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto.

De Soto is in northwestern Johnson County and southern Leavenworth County at (38.9791709, -94.9685783). It is along Kansas River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, are land and , or 1.7%, are water.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,118 people, 2,295 households, and 1,635 families living in De Soto. Of the households, 67.0% owned their home and 33.0% rented their home.

The median age was 39.4 years. Of the people, 79.9% were White, 1.0% were Native American, 0.9% were Black, 0.7% were Asian, 7.2% were from some other race, and 10.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 5,720 people, 2,007 households, and 1,523 families living in De Soto.

Two local companies, Great American Bank and Custom Foods, Inc., and one national company, Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, are headquartered in De Soto. Huhtamaki Americas, Inc. and Engineered Air, two international companies, chose De Soto for their North American headquarters. Merck Animal Health, one of the world's biggest manufacturers of animal health supplies, chose De Soto for one of its U.S. manufacturing facilities.
as of January 2017, the largest employers in the city are:
The De Soto government is made of a mayor and five council members. It has a president that is chosen by the council.

Mayor
City Council President
City Council


The city of De Soto is served by the De Soto school district. 

Other local education institutions near De Soto include:

The Johnson County Library System maintains the De Soto Downtown Library.

"The De Soto Explorer" was started in 1998, and it was De Soto's main news source for 14 years. It closed in 2012. In the fall of 2015, "Discovering De Soto" magazine released its first preview edition. In 2017, the De Soto City Council funded issues of "Discovering De Soto". This was done in order to distribute the magazine by mail and around local businesses. In 2018, the De Soto City Council funded issues of "Discovering De Soto" for the year.

"The Kansas City Star" and the "Lawrence Journal-World" both cover and deliver to De Soto.

All Kansas City stations broadcast in De Soto.

All Topeka and Kansas City stations broadcast in De Soto.

Several highways go to De Soto:


In 1857, the Atchison, Topeka, Santa Fe Railway built a railroad through northern parts of town. It was built parallel to the river. De Soto's train depot was built along a siding around 1860.

Notable people who were born in and/or have lived in De Soto include:


Ottawa University

Ottawa University (OU) is a private Baptist liberal arts university in Ottawa, Kansas. It has other campuses in other places throughout the Unites States. It was created in 1865. It is grouped with the American Baptist Churches USA. Ottawa has about 700 students on its main campus in Ottawa, 500 on its campus in Surprise, and about 4,000 students across all of its campuses and online.

The original campus is in Ottawa, Kansas. It is referred to as OUKS.

A second campus opened in August 2017 in Surprise, Arizona. It is referred to OUAZ.

OU has adult campuses in Overland Park, Kansas; Phoenix, Surprise and Queen Creek, Arizona; Brookfield, Wisconsin; and Jeffersonville, Indiana.

Ottawa University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. Its education programs in Kansas are accredited by the National Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Education and the Kansas State Department of Education.


Wichita State University

Wichita State University (WSU) is a public research university in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It is governed by the Kansas Board of Regents.

Wichita State University offers more than 60 undergraduate degree programs in more than 200 areas of study in six colleges. The Graduate School offers 44 master's degrees in more than 100 areas and a specialist in education degree. It offers doctoral degrees in applied mathematics; audiology; chemistry; communicative disorders and sciences; nursing practice; physical therapy; psychology (programs in human factors, community and APA-accredited clinical psychology); educational administration; aerospace, industrial and mechanical engineering; and electrical engineering and computer science.

Wichita State University also has classes at four other campuses. WSU West is in Maize. This campus has 80–100 university classes each academic semester. WSU South began started Wichita State University courses at a new facility in Derby in January 2008. The WSU Downtown Center has the university's Center for Community Support & Research and the Department of Physical Therapy. A quarter-mile northeast of campus, the Advanced Education in General Dentistry buildinghass classrooms and a dental clinic. It was built in 2011. It is next to the university's Eugene M. Hughes Metropolitan Complex, where many of WSU noncredit courses are taught.

Wichita State University started in 1886 as a private Congregational preparatory school. It was created by Rev. Joseph Homer Parker.

On July 1, 1964, the school officially entered the state system of higher education as Wichita State University (WSU).

Washburn University

Washburn University (WU) is a co-educational, public university in Topeka, Kansas, United States. It has undergraduate and graduate programs. It also has professional programs in law and business. Washburn has 550 faculty members. There are more than 6,100 undergraduate students and nearly 800 graduate students. The university's assets include a $158 million endowment.

Washburn University was created in February 1865 as Lincoln College by a charter issued by the State of Kansas and the General Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches of Kansas. It was built on land given by abolitionist John Ritchie. The school was renamed Washburn College in 1868 after Ichabod Washburn gave $25,000 to the school. Washburn was a church deacon, abolitionist and industrialist who lived in Worcester, Massachusetts.

During World War II, Washburn Municipal University was one of 131 colleges and universities in the United States that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program. It was a program which offered students a path to a Navy commission.

On June 8, 1966, much of the campus was destroyed by a tornado. All of the trees were gone too.

The Washburn School of Law was created in 1903. It was one of the first in the country to have a legal clinic where students are able to actively practice the law. The Washburn Law Library has over 380,000 volumes. It is the biggest in Kansas. Notable graduates include Bob Dole, Roy Wilford Riegle, Dennis Moore, Kim Phillips, Bill Kurtis and Fred Phelps.

"The name of Washburn shall never fall,
Midst the great and small, she's the best of all;
For her fair name,
Then, we'll win the game,
And add another victor's crown
So then, we'll smash, crash against the line
"As in Auld Lang Syne,"
Crush them down,
So Cheer now, yes, cheer, cheer, cheer
Just for Washburn and her team!"


Opportunity zone

An opportunity zone is a geographic area in the United States where investments are exempt from Captial Gains tax. The concept of opprtunity zone was introduced in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by the Trump administration. They are similar to Enterprise zones, a concept introduced in the 1980s in the United Kingdom.

In the United Kingdom enterprise zones were meant to make it easier for people living living there to start a business and to provide tax incentives to encourage locals to invest in them.

In the United States empowerment zones were introduced in 1993 to allow local governments to compete for grants and tax incentives. The 2017 law allows state governors to designate up to 25% of low-income census tracts in their state as opportunity zones. There are 8,700 opportunity zones in the United States. They cover 35 million Americans. Investors in those zones can defer capital gains tax until 2026. This helps investors lower their tax burden.

Fort Hays State University

Fort Hays State University (FHSU) is a public university in Hays, Kansas. It is the third-biggest of the six state universities governed by the Kansas Board of Regents. They have about 15,100 students (4,648 on campus, 6,882 online, 3,570 Chinese program).

During the Great Flood of 1951, a tributary of the Kansas River flooded nearly all of campus. It forced a midnight evacuation.

Student Media at Fort Hays is housed under the banner Tiger Media Network. It includes radio and TV, coming from their website.


Delaware River (Kansas)

The Delaware River (originally called the Grasshopper River) is a river in the northeastern part of the state of Kansas. The Delaware River basin drains from the water of Perry Lake reservoir. The river is a Category 1 watershed by the Kansas Department of Health and Environment. This means that the watershed needs to be restored and protected. The river is one of the major tributaries of the Kansas River.

Tornado outbreak sequence of June 1966

The Tornado outbreak sequence of June 1966 was a series of tornado outbreaks which happened between June 2 and June 12.

The worst tornado of this event happened on the early evening of Wednesday, June 8, 1966. This was when Topeka, Kansas was hit by an F5 rated tornado. It started in the southwest Topeka, and it moved northeast. It went through several neighborhoods and over a local landmark named Burnett's Mound. 57 tornadoes were confirmed during the 11-day span, which left 18 people dead and 543 injured.

A local Native American legend said that Burnet's Mound (a local landmark that was named after Potawatomi Indian chief Abram Burnett) was thought to protect the city from tornadoes. It was thought that the hill would cause a tornado that was going to Topeka to die. A few years earlier, a water tower had been built on the mound. This caused controversy among many Topeka residents. They thought it would make the mound less able to protect Topeka fro from tornades. However, ten other tornadoes had hit the city since Kansas state tornado records were first kept in 1889. The 1966 tornado was much stronger than the other ten tornadoes that hit Topeka before June 8.

The Topeka tornado started developing at 6:55 p.m. Central Time on June 8, touching down west of the city. The National Weather Service could not find the developing tornado on radar. This is because the Topeka forecast office used a modified military radar that was given by the U.S. government after World War II. While it was considered very good for its time, it was not good at finding tornadoes activity, compared to the Doppler weather radar of the present day. Around 7:30 p.m., a 1/4 to 1/2-mile (400–800 m) wide tornado went to the southwest side Topeka, moving northeast, and passed over Burnett's Mound. Bill Kurtis, then a reporter for WIBW-TV (channel 13; then a hybrid CBS/ABC/NBC affiliate, now only affiliated with CBS) wanted to tell people to take shelter from the devastating storm. He told viewers to get to safety by urging in a calm but stern manner, "for God's sake, take cover!"
The total damage estimate was put at $104 million (US$ million in 2024). This makes it one of the costliest tornadoes in U.S. history. 16 people were killed, and many others were injured. However, it is believed that if the had tornado hit during school and work hours or during the night, that as many as 5,000 people would have been killed. Bill Kurtis was credited for saving many lives with his urgent message to take cover.


Shrek

Shrek is an animated movie based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek!. The name "Shrek" likely comes from the Yiddish word "שרעק" (pronounced Shreck) or the German word "Schreck". Both words mean "fear" or "terror". It was directed by Andrew Adamson and animated by DreamWorks Animation. It was the first movie to win an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, a category introduced in 2001 . It was released on DVD on November 2, 2001. There have also been three sequels (follow-ups) of "Shrek", called "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". There is also a Christmas special, a Halloween special and a spinoff movie all about a minor character in the sequels and specials. It was adapted into a Broadway musical. "Shrek 2" was released in May 19, 2004. "Shrek the Third" was released on May 18, 2007. "Shrek Forever After" was released on May 21, 2010. There was also a show by the name Scary Stories released on Netflix in 2009.

Shrek is a green ogre who always loves living peacefully in the swamp. However, he finds many fairytale creatures disrupting his privacy. This is because of the order by Lord Farquaad. Shrek goes along with a talking Donkey to Duloc, where they ask Farquaad to give his privacy back. Farquaad wants to be King by marrying Princess Fiona to be Queen.

Farquaad orders Shrek and Donkey to rescue Fiona from the tower she is imprisoned in and bring her to Farquaad. After defeating a dragon, they manage to get Fiona from the castle, Fiona is happy that she is rescued, but soon becomes sad that the knight is an ogre. Shrek forces Fiona to travel with him and Donkey, with Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. 

However, at night, Fiona refuses to camp with them. Eventually, Donkey finds Fiona in a windmill. Donkey finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. She tells Donkey that she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night. This is why she was locked away in the castle. She also says that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love's true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he thinks her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" is her being disgusted with him. 

The next morning, Fiona meets Lord Farquaad and leaves to get married to him. Shrek goes back to his swamp while Donkey finds the dragon in a forest. Shrek realises that he misses Fiona. Shrek, Donkey and dragon travel to Duloc. They interrupt the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, but not before the sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss--Fiona's curse is broken, but remains an ogress, as the curse said that she will become "true love's form".

Steven Spielberg bought the rights to the original book in 1991, when he apparently thought about making a traditionally animated film based on the book with Bill Murray as Shrek and Steve Martin as Donkey. After only a few years in development, producer John H. Williams got hold of the book from his children, and when he brought it to DreamWorks, it caught Jeffrey Katzenberg's attention and the studio decided to make it into a movie. After buying the rights to the film in 1995, Katzenberg quickly put the film in active development.

The Art Directors visited Hearst Castle, Stratford upon Avon and Dordogne for inspiration on Duloc's place. Art Director Douglas Rogers visited a magnolia plantation in Charleston, South Carolina for inspiration for Shrek's swamp.

The film was originally planned to be a motion-captured film. DreamWorks used live action background plates with miniature fairy tale settings that they had filmed, giving the film a very visual distinct look. After a year and a half of R & D, a test was finally shown. The result was a disaster, with Katzenburg stating "It looked terrible, it didn't work, it wasn't funny, and we didn't like it." Production was shut down for a while. DreamWorks later went to its production partners at PDI in Spring of 1997, when the movie "Antz" was still in production, to help "Shrek" get it's final computer-animated look.

“We did a lot of work on character and set-up, and then kept changing the set up while we were doing the animation,” Ramon Hui noted. “In "Antz" we had a facial system that gave us all the facial muscles under the skin. In Shrek we applied that to whole body. So if you pay attention to Shrek when he talks, you see that when he opens his jaw, he forms a double chin, because we have the fat and the muscles underneath. That kind of detail took us a long time to get right."

Saturday Night Live member Chris Farley was to be the voice for Shrek. He was able to voice around 80-90% of the script, although Chris' brother, Tom Farley, states that Farley had actually already recorded 95% of Shrek's dialogue for the movie, but died in 1997 before he finished voicing the character. Production was shut down again after Farley's death. Andrew Adamson stated "Chris Farley's death was before any animation had been done [although] we'd recorded an amount with him."

DreamWorks later asked Mike Myers to play Shrek, whom Myers wanted the writers to re-write the script to leave no traces of Farley's version of Shrek. After Myers had completed providing the voice for the character, when the film was well into production, he asked to re-record all of his lines in a Scottish accent similar to the one his mother had used when she told him bedtime stories. After hearing the alternative voice-over, Katzenberg agreed to redo scenes in the film, saying, "It was so good we took $4m worth of animation out and did it again."

The film was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, and was the first animated film since Disney's Peter Pan (1953) to receive that honour. "Shrek" open in more 3,587 movie theaters on its 2001 release, 11 of them showing them digitally, made possible by the THX Division of Lucasfilm. This was the first time that DreamWorks had shown one of its movies digitally. Produced on a $60 million budget, "Shrek" was commercially successful, becoming the highest-grossing animated movie ever to be released in Australia, passing the mark set by 1994's "The Lion King". In the United Kingdom, "Shrek" regained the top spot at the British box office after being beaten out the previous week by "", earning a $20.3 million since its opening in the UK. The film closed on December 6, 2001, after grossing $267,665,011 domestically along with $216,744,207 overseas for a worldwide total of $484,409,218. "Shrek" is the fourth-highest-grossing film of 2001 behind "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", "" and "Monsters Inc."

"Shrek" received critically good reviews, praising "Shrek" as an animated film worthy of adult interest, with many adult-oriented jokes and themes but a simple enough plot and humor to appeal to children. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 89 percent of critics have given the film a positive review based on 176 reviews, with an average score of 7.7/10. The general opinion is: "While simultaneously embracing and subverting fairy tales, the irreverent Shrek also manages to tweak Disney's nose, provide a moral message to children, and offer viewers a funny, fast-paced ride."

Roger Ebert liked the film, giving it four stars out of a possible four and describing it as "jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart." USA Today's Susan Wloszczyna praised Eddie Murphy's performance, stating it "gives the comic performance of his career, aided by sensational digital artistry, as he brays for the slightly neurotic motormouth." Richard Schickel also enjoyed Murphy's role, stating, "No one has ever made a funnier jackass of himself than Murphy."

William Steig, the author of the original book, and his wife Jeanne Steig also enjoyed the film, stating "We all went sort of expecting to hate it, thinking, 'What has Hollywood done to it?' But we loved it. We were afraid it would be too sickeningly cute and, instead, Bill just thought they did a wonderful, witty job of it."

"Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award For Best Animated Feature, beating "Monsters, Inc." and "". "Entertainment Weekly" put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Prince Charming? So last millennium. This decade, fairy-tale fans--and Princess Fiona--fell for a fat and flatulent Ogre. Now, that's progress."

"Shrek" was also nominated for 6 BAFTA Award, including the BAFTA Award for Best Film. Eddie Murphy became the first actor to ever receive a BAFTA nomination for a voice-over performance. The film was also nominated for Best Visual Effects, Best Sound, Best Film Music, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

"Shrek" was nominated for a dozen Annie Awards from ASIFA-Hollywood.

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"; the best ten films in ten "classic" American film genres—after asking 1,500 people for their opinions. "Shrek" was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the animated genre, and the only non-Disney·Pixar film on the top ten. It is also third on Bravo's 100 funniest films. "Shrek" was also ranked second in a Channel 4 poll of the "100 Greatest Family Films", losing out on the top spot to "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". In 2005, "Shrek" came sixth in Channel 4's 100 Greatest Cartoons poll behind "The Simpsons", "Tom and Jerry", "South Park", "Toy Story" and "Family Guy". In November 2009, the character, Lord Farquaad, was listed #14 in IGN UK's "Top 15 Fantasy Villains".


Small Talk (song)

"Small Talk" is a song by American recording artist Katy Perry. It was released on August 9, 2019. A music lyric video was released the same day. Perry wrote the song with Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Johan Carlsson, and singer Charlie Puth, while Puth and Carlsson produced it. Peter Karlsson produced the song's vocals. It is a pop song.

Bandhan Bank

Bandhan Bank is an Indian private bank. It's headquarter is at Kolkata, West Bengal. The bank's core business is short-term microfinance. Currently, the bank is present in 34 Indian states and union territories.

In 2001, Bandhan started as a non-profit microfinance company from Bagnan, a small village 60 km from Kolkata. In 2006, Bandhan acquired a Non-banking Finance Company (NBFC) and later in 2014, Bandhan got approval for setting up a bank.

By 2015, the country's central bank, also known as Reserve Bank of India granted the universal banking license which allowed it to commence operations.

In January 2019, Bandhan Bank commenced a process to acquire GRUH Finance, an Ahmedabad-based housing finance company.

Brian Kobilka

Brian Kent Kobilka (born May 30, 1955) is an American physiologist. He is best known for his work with G protein-coupled receptors, for which he was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize for Chemistry with Robert Lefkowitz.He is currently a professor in the department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology at Stanford University School of Medicine. He was named a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2011. 


Serranilla Bank

Serranilla Bank is an atoll in the southeastern Caribean. It is approximately northeast of Nicaragua. Only the eastern and southern part of the reef are visible. The bank is made up of several cays, and has a size of about by . It covers an area of about .Many parts of the coral reef are dry at low tide. The ocean has a depth of between and in most parts.

Northeast Breaker is a rock formation located about from the eastern rim.

East Cay is a small island, about west of the eastern rim. It is covered with bushes.

Beacon Cay is the biggest island of the bank. It is about southwest of East Cay. It is a sandy island, with some coral rock formations. It is covered with bushes. Grassgrows in some places. Between 30 and 50 coconut palms grow on the island. There is a daymark made of corals at the western end. There are some buildings. There's also an active lighthouse which has been in use since 1977. It is made of steel. The lighthouse is probably operated by Colombian authorities.

Middle Cay is a small island, made of sand. It is about west of East Cay.

West Beaker is a rock formation about west of Beacon Cay. The rock formation is dangerous for ships, because it is only about above the water surface, on a platform, made of corals. Sailors mentioned in 1985, that the maps of the time were inaccurate, and that the rocks extend another westward.

Daymark

A daymark is a sign used to help people navigate in lakes, rivers, or the ocean. It is fixed, but does not meet the criteria of a lighthouse. Very often, it is there for orientation, or to regulate traffic.

Charles Oser

Charles Oser (17 February 1902 – 29 March 1994) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP) and, was the 10th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1951 to 1967.

Oskar Leimgruber

Oskar Leimgruber (5 July 1886 – 19 July 1976) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP). He was the 9th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1944 to 1951.


University of Fribourg

The University of Fribourg (; ) is a university in Fribourg, Switzerland. It is the sixth-biggest university in Switzerland and the only one that is officially bilingual. Many branches offer lectures in German and French, some even in English. In some cases, courses in both languages must be taken to obtain a degree. There are about 10.500 students at the university.


University of Neuchâtel

The University of Neuchâtel (UniNE) is a university in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.


University of Zurich

The University of Zurich (UZH, ), located in the city of Zürich, is the largest university in Switzerland, with about 25,000 students. It was founded in 1833 and has seven faculties.

The University of Zurich was started in 1832 and opened in 1833. It was the first university in Europe to be started by a democratic state and not by a church or royalty. It came around 400 years after the University of Basel which started in 1460. Since 1525 there had already been a law, medicine and theology college in Zurich, so when the university began, the college became part of it. It was called the Universitas Turicensis. 

In the first semester, there were 161 students. Of which, 16 were studying theology, 26 law, 98 medicine and 21 philosophy. There were 26 professors and 29 lecturers. In 1840 the first women were allowed to sit in on lectures at the university. 

The university campus has buildings all over the city of Zürich. The main campuses are in the city centre, Irchelpark and Oerlikon. The construction of the university buildings started in 1973. The campus was inaugurated in 1979. 

There is a Museum of Medical History in the main building of the University.

University of Zurich and the ETH (Federal Institute for Technology) work together in the fields of bioscience and finance. 

The "Times Higher Education" ranked the University of Zurich 26th place in Europe and 85th worldwide. "Newsweek" ranked the university 11th in Europe and 46th worldwide.

The University of Zurich has an Academic Sports Association (ASVZ). The ASVZ offers a wide range of classes. The student association (VSUZH) organizes events and works with the university administration. 

The university has 16 canteens. Students and Staff get a discount when they show their university ID. 

‘Obere Mensa’ is the biggest canteen on campus. They have three set menus for lunch every day. You can choose from two meat options or a vegetarian/vegan option. ‘Untere Mensa’ is just a few steps away and offers three other menus. The menus cost can vary in price, from 6CHF to 17CHF depending on what you choose. Both canteens have a large salad and dessert buffet bar. 

Ernie Colón

Ernie Colón (July 13, 1931 – August 8, 2019) was an American comics artist. He was known for drawing comic books relating to superheroes, horror and politics. He was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Colón was best known for his works "Arak, Son of Thunder", "Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld", "Casper the Friendly Ghost", "Richie Rich", "SpyCat" and "The 9/11 Report: A Graphic Adaptation".

Colón died August 8, 2019 in Huntington, New York from colorectal cancer at the age of 88.

Huntington, New York

The Town of Huntington is a town in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It was founded in 1653. It is located on the north shore of Long Island. Huntington is part of the New York metropolitan area. As of the United States 2020 Census, the town population was 204,127.

Dave Parks

David Wayne Parks (December 25, 1941 – August 8, 2019) was an American football wide receiver/end in the NFL. He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1964 to 1967, the New Orleans Saints from 1968 to 1972 and for the Houston Oilers in 1973. He was born in Muenster, Texas.

Parks died on August 8, 2019 in Austin, Texas at the age of 77.

Fahrudin Jusufi

Fahrudin Jusufi (; 8 December 1939 – 9 August 2019) was a Yugoslavian footballer. He played for the national team from 1959 to 1967. He played as a full-back. Jusufi also played for Partizan from 1957 to 1970 and for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1970 to 1972. Jusufi was born in Dragaš, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Jusufi died on 9 August 2019 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 79.

Spitsbergen

Spitsbergen (which is also spelled Spitzbergen) is the largest island of the archipelago Svalbard. It was called West Spitsbergen until 1965. The name East Spitsbergen was proposed for the third-largest island of the group, Edgeøya.

Today, it is the only island on Svalvard which is settled permanently. The island has a size of about by 

There are only few active settlements on Spitsbergen, among them


There are several abandoned ones:


Liu Yifei

Liu Yifei (, born An Feng; August 25, 1987), also known as Crystal Liu, is a Chinese-American actress, singer, and model. She was born in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 2002. She played the role of Mulan in The Walt Disney Company's 2020 live-action movie "Mulan".



Selective mutism

Selective mutism (also referred as SM) is an anxiety disorder where a person normally cannot speak in specific situations, specific places, or to specific people if a certain condition is triggered. Selective mutism usually occurs while the person has a social anxiety disorder.<ref name="doi10.1007/s10862-005-3263-1"></ref> Children and adults with selective mutism are fully capable of speech and understanding language but simply cannot speak because they physically cannot speak in certain settings. People with selective mutism stay silent even when the consequences of their silence include shame, social rejection, or punishment. 

Islip, New York

Islip is a town in Suffolk County, New York.

Holtsville, New York

Holtsville is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 18,937 at the 2020 census.

Davidson, Oklahoma

Davidson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Babylon (village), New York

Babylon is a village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 12,188 at the 2020 census. It is about from New York City at the Queens border, and about from Manhattan.

Deer Creek, Oklahoma

Deer Creek is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Jefferson, Oklahoma

Jefferson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lamont, Oklahoma

Lamont is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Manchester, Oklahoma

Manchester is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Nash, Oklahoma

Nash is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Centerville, New York

Centerville is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 929 at the 2020 census.

Alfred (town), New York

Alfred is a town in Allegany County, New York.

Alfred (village), New York

Alfred is a village in Allegany County, New York.

Delaware, Oklahoma

Delaware is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Devol, Oklahoma

Devol is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Randlett, Oklahoma

Randlett is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Temple, Oklahoma

Temple is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dewar, Oklahoma

Dewar is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Winchester, Oklahoma

Winchester is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

New Lebanon, New York

New Lebanon is a town in Columbia County, New York, United States. It is about southeast of Albany. In 1910, 1,378 people lived in New Lebanon. The population was 2,514 at the 2020 census.

Lorenz Park, New York

Lorenz Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 2,001 at the 2020 census.

Wyandotte, Oklahoma

Wyandotte is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. It lies approximately one mile south of US Highway 60. Its name was derived from the Wyandotte tribe. They were removed from the area in 1867.

North Miami, Oklahoma

North Miami is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

North Enid, Oklahoma

North Enid is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dibble, Oklahoma

Dibble is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dover, Oklahoma

Dover is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Smith Village, Oklahoma

Smith Village is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dickson, Oklahoma

Dickson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dill City, Oklahoma

Dill City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Foss, Oklahoma

Foss is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Drummond, Oklahoma

Drummond is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Émile Guillemin

Émile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin (16 October 1841 – 1907) was a French sculptor of the Belle Époque. He worked in bronze. He studied under his father, the painter Auguste Guillemin, and under . He showed work at the Salon of Paris from 1870 to 1899, and in 1897 received an honourable mention at Musée du Louvre de Paris.
In 2008 his 1884 bronze sculpture "Femme Kabyle d'Algerie et Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II" (Kabyle woman from Algeria and Janissary of Sultan Mahmound II) sold for $1,202,500 plus auction fees in New York to a private collector through Sotheby's Auction House.

His equestrian sculpture, "Cavalier Arabe" is signed both by him and by Alfred Barye

It began at the Salon des Artistes Français in 1870, with two plasters of Roman gladiators, the bronze prints of which were acquired by the State for the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye. Guillemin collaborates with major art publishing houses, such as Barbedienne or Christofle.

Emile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin made his debut in the Paris Salon of 1870 where he exhibited a pair of Roman Gladiators, Retaire and Mirmillon, drawn from antiquity. Guillemin specialized in figurative works and was greatly inspired by the Middle East and its exoticism. Representations of Indian falconers, Turkish maidens and Japanese courtesans firmly established Guillemin's reputation as an Orientalist sculptor from the mid-1870's.

Guillemin continued to exhibit at the Salon until the end of the 1890s, where he exhibited a series of busts of oriental women in bronze. His busts are part of the Orientalist movement and therefore a particular context: Guillemin travels to North Africa and the Mediterranean basin in order to identify the anthropological characteristics of different local cultures.

In 2008, the pair of statues he made in 1884, which are known as e "Femme kabyle d'Algérie" et "Janissaire du sultan Mahmoud II" was sold at an auction at Sotheby's, in New York, for a sum of 1.202.500 USD, without charges.



Nordaustlandet

Nordaustlandet (translates to Northeast land) is the second biggest island of Svalbard. It lies to the northeast of Spitsbergen, which is the biggest island of the group, and the only islands with permanent settlements. Northeast land is about by . It is uninhabited, and there are no settlements on it. During World War II, Germans operated a weather station.

Edgeøya

Edgeøya is the third-largest island of Svalbard. It is east of Spitsbergen. Today, the island is uninhabited, but there are traces of human settlements: The Pomors left some huts, and probably came there in the 16th century. There are also abandoned whaling stations.

John Margetson

Sir John William Denys Margetson (9 October 1927 – 19 October 2020) was a British politician. He was the British Ambassador to Vietnam from 1978 to 1980, the United Nations from 1983 to 1984, and the Netherlands from 1984 to 1988.

He was appointed CMG in 1979 and knighted KCMG in 1986.

Margetson died on 19 October 2020 at the age of 93.

Jessie Reyez

Jessie Reyez (born June 12, 1991) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. Her single "Figures" (2016) peaked at number 58 on the Canadian Hot 100 in 2017. It was certified triple Platinum by Music Canada and Platinum by the RIAA. 

Her first EP, "Kiddo" (2017), won Breakthrough Artist at the 2018 Juno Awards. Her second EP, "Being Human in Public" (2018), won R&B/Soul Recording of The Year at the 2019 Juno Awards and was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards. Reyez again won the R&B/Soul Recording of the Year, for "Feel it Too" with Tory Lanez and Tainy, at the 2020 Juno Awards, where she was also nominated for Artist of the Year. 

Her first album, "Before Love Came to Kill Us", was released on March 27, 2020. The album peaked at number 13 on the US Billboard 200.

Reyez has written songs for Calvin Harris, Kehlani, Dua Lipa and Normani. She has also worked with Eminem. 

Capita

Capita plc, commonly known as Capita, is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in London.

It is the largest business process outsourcing and professional services company in the UK, with an overall market share of 29% in 2016, and has clients in central government, local government and the private sector. Roughly half of its turnover comes from the private sector and half from the public sector. Whilst UK-focused, Capita also has operations across Europe, Africa and Asia.

It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

Capita was founded in 1984, as a part of the non-profit CIPFA (Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy).

CVC Capital Partners

CVC Capital Partners is a Luxembourg-headquartered private equity firm with about US$111 billion in secured commitments since inception across European and Asian private equity, credit and growth funds. In total, the CVC Group manages US$70 billion of assets. Since 1981, CVC has completed over 300 investments across a wide range of industries and countries. CVC was founded in 1981 and today has over 400 employees working across its network of 24 offices throughout Europe, Asia and the Americas.

The company has invested in various companies including Avast: IT security company, RAC: automotive rescue service provider in the UK and Petco Holdings Inc.: major pet supplies retail chain.


Dougherty, Oklahoma

Dougherty is a town in Murray County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 199 at the 2020 census. American jazz and pop singer Kay Starr was born here.

Dustin, Oklahoma

Dustin is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lamar, Oklahoma

Lamar is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Spaulding, Oklahoma

Spaulding is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Solar Hijri Calendar

The Solar Hijri calendar is the official calendar of Iran. It is only used in Iran and Afghanistan. The name of the calendar is abbreviated as SH. It is also called the Solar Hejri calendar and (; ).

Its year begins on the March equinox (Nowruz) at the Iranian standard meridian (52.5°E, ). Each year is 365 or 366 days long. 

Each of the twelve months corresponds with a zodiac sign. The first six months have 31 days, the next five have 30 days, and the last month has 29 days in usual years but 30 days in leap years. Its New Year's Day (1 Nowruz) always falls on the March equinox.

K. T. Shah

The Election Commission of India held the first presidential elections of India on May 2, 1952. Dr. Rajendra Prasad won his first election with 507,400 votes (83.81%) over his nearest rival K. T. Shah who got 92,827 votes (15.3%).

Noxubee County, Mississippi

Noxubee County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 10,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Macon.

Francis Fonseca

Francis William Fonseca (born 11 March 1967) is a Belizean politician who is the current Member of Parliament (MP) for Freetown constituency since 5 March 2003. He previously served as leader of the People's United Party (PUP) and as Leader of the Opposition of Belize from 2011 to 2016. First elected to the Belize House of Representatives in 2003, Fonseca served as Attorney General and Minister of Education, Culture and Labour in Prime Minister Said Musa's cabinet from 6 March 2003 until 9 February 2008, when the PUP lost the general election to the opposition United Democratic Party (UDP). Fonseca also served as the Chairman of the People's United Party (PUP) from 6 March 2003 to 22 February 2008. Fonseca was one of only six PUP area representatives nationwide to retain his seat in the National Assembly in the 2008 election.

Following the election defeat and subsequent resignation of Musa as prime minister and PUP leader on 30 March 2008, the party held a 2008 People's United Party (Belize) leadership election and convention to select its new leader. The party held it's nomination day on 21 February 2008 and the actual day for it's leadership election and convention on 30 March 2008. Fonseca along with second deputy leader of the PUP, Johnny Briceño stood as candidates for the party leadership at the convention, Fonseca was nominated by the United Woman's Group and several other constituency committees including Cayo West, Cayo North, Cayo South, Pickstock, Dangriga, Stann Creek West, Toledo East and Toledo West. Fonseca was thought to be the candidate preferred by the party establishment. He had the endorsements of former Prime minister, Said Musa and George Cadle Price. Fonseca also had the support of First Deputy Leader, Juan Vildo Marin and former Tourism minister, Godfrey Smith as well as from Secretary General, Henry Usher and Communication Director, Yasser Musa. Fonseca's campaigned for Leadership of the party has, to say the least, taken a life of its own. On 31 March 2008, results were announced and Fonseca was defeated by Briceño receiving 310 votes against 330 for Briceño. In Briceño acceptance speech after getting the results, Briceño acknowledged Fonseca and said “To Francis my brother, my friend, my college I offer my thanks for being a worthy opponent and a true and honourable man”. Following the resignation of Briceño as PUP leader on 7 October 2011, another 2011 People's United Party leadership election and convention was called. The party held it's nominations on 9 October 2011 and this time, both Fonseca and Albert Area Representative, Mark Espat submitted their nominations and ultimately stood as candidates for the party's leadership. However, this time the game was different. Fonseca campaigned well and sighted insecurity in the PUP that he will address if elected leader. After results were announced on 2 November 2011, it was made clear that Fonseca had emerged victorious over Espat. After he got into the leadership realms, Fonseca focused on delivering his promise and preparing the PUP for the 2012 general election. During the 2012 election campaign, he supported on further oil exploration and pledged a moratorium over continued exploration.

Mostar

Mostar is the fifth largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2019 the city had a total population of 104,518. The city has several different cultures living in it but is mostly inhabited by Croats. Mostar is home to one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's most visited landmarks, The Old Bridge, which was damaged during the Croat-Bosniak War which also had ended up destroying most of the cities bridges, but since 1995 the city has been restored. The Old Bridge was built by the Ottomans and is an example of Islamic architecture in the Balkans.

Invasive

Invasive may refer to:

Board of Control for Cricket in India

The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is the national governing body for cricket in India. The board was formed in December 1928 as a society, registered under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act. It is a consortium of state cricket associations and the state associations select their representatives who in turn elect the BCCI Chief.

East Duke, Oklahoma

East Duke is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Constantia (town), New York

Constantia is a town in Oswego County, New York.

Mexico (village), New York

Mexico is a village in Oswego County, New York.

Becca's Bunch

Becca’s Bunch Is Show For Children That Aires On Nick Jr As Of July 2, 2018 ABC Kids (US)

Characters

List Of Becca’s Bunch Characters



List of Becca's Bunch characters

These Are Characters From Becca’s Bunch

Characters

Bunch

Becca Is The Main Character Of The Show

She Is A Spunky, Clever, Compassionate Bird Who Never Gives Up And Often Playing With Others, Her Confidence Is Often Seen On Occasion, She Is Also Cheerful And Innocent, She Is The Leader Of The Group

Becca’s Catchphrase Is “Bunch Crunch”

Russell Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch He Is 11-Years Old

Brave, outgoing, and strong-willed, Russell Is very bold And overconfident. He often gets overexcited. While happy-go-lucky And very loud, Russell has a cousin he is nervous of

Russell’s Catchphrase Is “Macadamia!”

Sliva Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch And Is 11-Years Old

Sliva Sure Does Have A Lot Of Things Up Her Sleeve! Clever, Smart, And Intelligent, Silva Is Easily The Brains Of The Group, She Always Uses Stuff On Adventures To Help Her Frineds

Sliva Does Not Have A Catchphrase

Pedro Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch And Is 11-Years Old

Pedro Is Adventurous And Smart, However, He Does Show His Lack Of Confidence In Some Episodes, He Is A Bit High-Strug But Mostly A Friendly Person, Pedro Is Somewhat Lazy Aa Well, As He Fell Asleep During A Race

Pedro’s Catchphrase Is “I Am Not Diggin It” It Shows His Occasional Lack Of Confidence Even Though He Is Confident Most Times

Harmon Northrop Morse

Harmon Northrop Morse (October 15, 1848 – September 8, 1920) was an American chemist. He is known as the creator of paracetamol, a pain reliever.

Open Publication License

The Open Publication License (OPL) is a public copyright license for documents, it was published by the Open Content Project in 1999 to replace the Open Content License, which was published in 1998.


ISO image

An ISO image is an archive file that contains data to be written to an optical disc including the optical disc file system.


Herut

The Herut Party (Herut means freedom in Hebrew) was a right-wing Zionist political party in Israel. Herut was founded by Menachem Begin following Israel's independence in 1948. Herut believed that all of British Mandatory Palestine belonged to the Jews. Herut was opposed to Israel accepting money from West Germany as an apology for the Holocaust. Herut believed security was very important. Israel's first Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion thought Herut was radical and he compared Menachem Begin and the other members of the Herut party to Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. Herut's leader Menachem Begin was not a Socialist so he formed an alliance in 1965 with the Liberal Party to create the Liberal-Freedom Bloc known in Hebrew as Gush Herut Liberalim or Gahal. In September 1973, Gahal merged with the Free Centre, the National List and the non-parliamentary Movement for Greater Israel to create the Likud, which was at first an alliance. In 1988 it became a party and Herut dissolved.

Barraba, New South Wales

Barraba is a village in New South Wales, Australia. This village is in the New England region and it is in the local government area of Tamworth Regional Council. This village is also in the Bundarra-Barraba Important Bird Area. This area is for the conservation of an endangered bird, the Regent Honeyeater ("Anthochaera phrygia").

Barraba is 477 kilometres (296 miles) north-west from Sydney and 548 kilometres (341 miles) south-west from Brisbane. Barraba is 90 kilometres (56 miles) north from Tamworth, which is the nearest city. The Manilla River flows next to Barraba. This village is on a road called "Fossickers Way" and it is in a mountain range called the Nandewar Range at an altitude of 500 metres (1,640 feet) above sea level.

Indigenous Australians called the Kamilaroi lived in the district before the European people arrived. The first European in the district was an explorer and botanist named Allan Cunningham, who came there in 1827. The first farm in the district, "Barraba Station", began in 1837 or 1838. The site of the village was surveyed in 1852.

The discovery of gold helped the village to grow bigger. The first post office was opened in 1856 and the first school was opened in 1861. The first Anglican church was built in 1876 and the first bank was also opened in 1876. The first hotel, "The Commercial Hotel", was built in 1878 and the first court house was built in 1881. Barraba was officially called a village in 1885. The hospital was built in 1891 and the Methodist church was built in 1898.

Barraba's newspaper, "The Barraba Gazette", began publishing in 1900, but the newspaper closed in 2020. The Catholic church was built in 1906. The railway came to Barraba in 1908, however the last train went to Barraba in 1983 and the line closed in 1987. The Connors Creek Dam was built in 1933. This dam improved the water supply of the village.

Copper was discovered at Gulf Creek in 1889 and the first mine was started in 1892. Gulf Creek is 22 kilometres (14 miles) north-east from Barraba. A small village began to grow, which had a hotel, a school, and a post office. This copper mine was the biggest copper mine in New South Wales in 1903 and the little village had 300 people living there. The mine was closed in the 1930s, and the post office was closed in 1966. The little village was abandoned.

Asbestos was mined from 1919 until 1983 at Woodsreef, which was a little village 15 kilometres (10 miles) east from Barraba. The mine was made bigger in 1974. This mine produced 5,000,000 metric tonnes of white asbestos.

The abandoned mine left behind 75,000,000 metric tonnes of waste rocks and 25,000,000 metric tonnes of asbestos. The asbestos heap covers 43 hectares (107 acres) and is up to 70 metres (230 feet) high.

A television report in 2008 described the growing worry that the remaining asbestos could harm the health for the people who live in Barraba and for the people who visit the village. A foundation, "The Asbestos Diseases Foundation of Australia", demanded that the mine should be cleaned up. This foundation also demanded that people must not be allowed to go to the mine. A public dirt road crossed the mine site but that road was closed in 2013. The little village was abandoned.

The government health service, "Hunter-New England Health", did an urgent study about the possible harm to the health of the people of Barraba, but that study has not been published.

Diatomite, or diatomaceous earth, is a mineral made from the fossils of diatoms. This mineral is used to make explosives, filters, abrasives, insecticide, thermal materials, catalysis support, and in farming, and construction. A mine was started near Barraba in 1982.

Pyrites, jasper, garnets, zeolite, and red, yellow, and brown quartz can be found around Barraba. Searching for these jewels is called fossicking. People can also find fossils around Barraba.

The farms in the district have cattle for beef, merino sheep for wool and mutton, and they can also grow wheat.

The summers in Barraba are hot and humid, and the winters here are cold and dry. The highest recorded temperature is 41.8° Celsius (107° Fahrenheit) and the lowest recorded temperature is -9.4° Celsius (15° Fahrenheit). The average yearly rainfall is 688.7 millimetres (27 inches) and the most rain that fell in one day is 194.3 millimetres (7.5 inches) which fell on February 25, 1955.

Before Split Rock Dam was built, the people in Barraba got their water from the Manilla River, Barraba Creek, and Connors Creek Dam. When these sources were almost empty, the people got their water from emergency wells.

The Split Rock Dam was built in 1988 and a pipeline from that dam to Barraba was built in 2015.


Ben Wallace (politician)

Robert Ben Lobban Wallace (born 15 May 1970) is a British politician. He has been the Secretary of State for Defence from 24 July 2019 to 31 August 2023. He was the UK’s longest-serving Minister of State for Security and Economic Crime from 2016 to 2019. Wallace is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wyre and Preston North since the 2010 United Kingdom general election. 

Wallace was first elected as the MP for Lancaster and Wyre in the 2005 United Kingdom general election. He was a Captain in the British Army.

On 15 July 2023, Wallace announced his plan to resign as Secretary of State for Defence at the next Cabinet reshuffle and confirmed that he would not be seeking re-election as an MP at the next general election. On 31 August 2023, Wallace formally resigned as Secretary of State for Defence.

Mark Carney

Mark Joseph Carney (born March 16, 1965) is a Canadian-born British-Irish economist and banker. He was the governor of the Bank of Canada from 2008 to 2013 and Governor of the Bank of England from 2013 until 2020 and was Chairman of the Financial Stability Board from 2011 to 2018.

Robert Buckland

Sir Robert James Buckland (born 22 September 1968) is a British politician. He was Secretary of State for Wales from 7 July 2022 to 25 October 2022. Buckland was the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice from July 2019 until September 2021. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Swindon South since the 2010 United Kingdom general election.

Najm ad-Din Ayyub

Najm ad-Din Ayyub (Arabic: نجم الدين أيوب) (died August 9, 1173) was a Kurdish soldier and politician from Dvin ( capital of early medieval Armenia ) His son was Saladin (Salah ah-Din), He is eponymous ancestor of the Ayyubid dynasty.

Ægypt

Ægypt is a series of four novels written by American author John Crowley. 

Devil May Cry

The Devil May Cry series is a hack and slash video game series where the player fights demons using both melee weapons and firearms. The video game series has five main games and one reboot game.

For most of the series, the player plays as Dante, a demon-hunter who is half-human and half-demon. The player earns upgrades, learns new moves, and buys items using Red Orbs, a pickup the player gets by exploring the level and killing enemies. The player gets more Red Orbs from enemies by getting a higher Combo Ranking. The player increases their Combo Ranking by killing multiple enemies quickly without getting hurt and by using many different attacks in a short amount of time.

Interestingly enough, the first "Devil May Cry" game was supposed to be "Resident Evil 4". However, the game became so different from earlier "Resident Evil" games that the development team decided that the game should be a new IP instead of a Resident Evil game. The first "Devil May Cry" game sold well and got good reviews. Due to the game's popularity, it had several sequels and inspired other hack and slash games like "Bayonetta."

Despite the first game getting good reviews, the sequel, "Devil May Cry 2", got poor reviews. Nonetheless, since the second game sold well there was enough money to make "", which got many good reviews, although it got some criticisms for being such a difficult game. "Devil May Cry 4" also got good reviews, and the difficulty was made a little easier so that more people could enjoy it, but it was criticized for reusing levels instead of making more levels. Worried that the game series could lose its appeal to video game players if it did not change the game series much, Capcom hired a British game developer named Ninja Theory to reboot the game series with "". The game was loosely based on the story of the earlier games, but the game had a much darker tone and Dante's look and personality was changed a lot. While the game got positive reviews from professional critics, it was criticized very heavily by fans of the series, who did not like Dante's new look and personality. Due to harsh criticisms from the fans, Capcom decided to continue the original series by making "Devil May Cry 5".

Gahal

The Gahal Alignment was an Israeli political party from 1965 until the establishment of Likud in 1973. Gahal is an abbreviation for Gush Herut Liberalim, which is Hebrew for "Freedom-Liberal Bloc". It was created by Menachem Begin who was at the time the leader of the Herut Party when Begin decided to form an alliance with the Liberal Party of Israel. Gahal was fiscally conservative because the Liberals were and strongly in favour of security because Herut was. In 1973, Gahal joined with a number of other political parties including the Free Centre, the National List and the Greater Israel movement to become Likud under the leadership of Menachem Begin.

Philip May

Sir Philip John May (born 18 September 1957) is a British investment relationship manager and Conservative Party activist. He is the husband of Theresa May, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

Rostislav Rybakov

Rostislav Borisovich Rybakov (; (28 March 1938 – 7 August 2019) was a Russian scholar. His syudies were about Oriental Studies. He was also a writer and the director of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Institute of Oriental Studies). He was one of the founders of "PEACE through CULTURE", a non governmental organization based in Austria.

Oscar Malbernat

Oscar Miguel "Cacho" Malbernat Candela (2 February 1944 – 9 August 2019) was an Argentine footballer and manager. He was the captain of Estudiantes de La Plata between 1967 and 1972. He played for Boca Juniors in 1972 and Racing Club de Avellaneda in 1973. From 1966 to 1970, Malbernat played for the national team. Malbernat was born in La Plata, Argentina.

Malbernat died of kidney failure in La Plata on 9 August 2019 at the age of 75.


Cándido Sibilio

Cándido Antonio "Chicho" Sibilio Hughes (3 October 1958 – 10 August 2019) was a Dominican-Spanish basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He played for FC Barcelona Bàsquet from 1976 to 1989.

Sibilio died on 10 August 2019 in San Gregorio de Nigua, in the southern coast of the Dominican Republic from problems caused by diabetes, aged 60.


Rocket launcher

A rocket launcher is a weapon that shoots rockets. Rockets are explosives that fly towards their targets by burning fuel. Some rocket launchers are mounted on a truck, and others are a type of recoilless rifle. Anti-tank guided missiles became commonplace in the late 20th century because they follow their target even if they were not aimed straight at them.

Rockets were invented by the Chinese after they discovered gun powder. In World War II, rocket launchers became powerful enough to destroy tanks.

Many people mistakenly call all rocket launchers bazookas, but the bazooka is only one type of rocket launcher. Other kinds include the RPG-7, the LAW, the AT-4, the SMAW, and the Panzerschreck.

Bluey Adams

Frank "Bluey" Adams (12 June 1935 – 11 August 2019) was an Australian rules football player. He played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for the Melbourne Football Club from 1953 to 1964. Adams was born in Victoria, Australia.

Adams died at the age of 84 on 11 August 2019 from cancer.


Recoilless rifle

Recoilless rifles are guns that can shoot very large bullets or explosives without any recoil. This is important because Newton's First Law of Motion teaches that whenever something moves, there is a motion that goes the opposite direction that is just as strong. This is why guns have recoil. Whenever a gun shoots a bullet forward, the bullet going forward creates an equally strong movement backward. The heavier a bullet is, the more force needed to fire a bullet forward, and therefore the more force the bullet sends the gun backward. Recoilless rifles can fire very large bullets and explosives without hurting their users because they are made with a hole in the back of the gun so that the force from firing the gun goes behind the user, rather than towards the user's shoulder. People using recoilless rifles must be very careful that no one is behind them when they are shooting because the force going behind the gun, or the backblast, is powerful enough to kill a person.

Darryl Drake

Darryl Drake (December 11, 1956 – August 11, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. His career lasted four decades, including stints as the wide receivers coach of the Chicago Bears, Arizona Cardinals, and Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). Drake played wide receiver for Western Kentucky University from 1975 to 1978.

Drake played for the Washington Redskins in 1979. He later played for the Ottawa Rough Riders in 1981 and for the Cincinnati Bengals in 1983.

Drake was found dead on August 11, 2019 at his home in Latrobe, Pennsylvania at the age of 62.

Walter Martínez (footballer)

Walter Julián Martínez Ramos (; 28 March 1982 – 11 August 2019) a.k.a. Pery , was a Honduran professional football striker. He last played for Beijing Capital United at Chinese City Football Super League. Martínez started his professional career at Victoria and made his debut on 25 November 2000 against Deportes Savio. He played for Vida in La Ceiba, and Marathón in San Pedro Sula. He was born in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.

Martínez died on 11 August 2019 in New York City from a heart attack at the age of 37.

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark (movie)

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a 2019 American horror movie directed by André Øvredal. It is based on the children's book series of the same name by Alvin Schwartz. The screenplay was adapted by Dan and Kevin Hageman. It was produced by Guillermo del Toro, as well as Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan. It stars Zoe Colletti, Michael Garza, Gabriel Rush, Austin Abrams, Dean Norris, Gil Bellows, and Lorraine Toussaint. 

"Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" was released on August 9, 2019, by Lionsgate. The movie received generally positive reviews with an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a series of three collections of short horror stories for children. It was written by Alvin Schwartz and originally illustrated by Stephen Gammell. 

In 2011, HarperCollins published editions with new art by Brett Helquist. The titles of the books are "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" (1981), "More Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" (1984), and "Scary Stories 3: More Tales to Chill Your Bones" (1991). 

A movie version was released on August 9, 2019.

There is also an audiobook version of each book, read by George S. Irving.

As of 2017, the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies.

Alvin Schwartz (children's author)

Alvin Schwartz (April 25, 1927 – March 14, 1992) was an American author and journalist. He wrote more than fifty books about folklore and word play, many of which were for young readers. He wrote many horror books, but is best known for writing the horror novel series "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark". 

Schwartz died of lymphoma in Princeton, New Jersey on March 14, 1992, six weeks before his 65th birthday.


J. Neil Schulman

Joseph Neil Schulman (; April 16, 1953 – August 11, 2019) was an American novelist. He wrote "Alongside Night" (published 1979) and "The Rainbow Cadenza" (published 1983). He won the Prometheus Award. His third novel, "Escape from Heaven", was also a finalist for the 2002 Prometheus Award. His fourth and latest novel, "The Fractal Man," was a finalist for the 2019 Prometheus Award.

Schulman was born in Queens, New York. He died of a pulmonary embolism on August 11, 2019 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 66.


DJ Arafat

Ange Didier Houon (26 January 1986 – 12 August 2019) also known as DJ Arafat, or Arafat Muana, was an Ivorian DJ and singer. He made music in the Coupé-Décalé genre. Arafat was one of the first musicians living in the Ivory Coast to have one million YouTube views in less than a day. This was because of his song "Moto Moto" became popular.

On 12 August, 2019, Arafat died in a motorcycle crash in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, aged 33.

José Luis Brown

José Luis Brown (10 November 1956 – 12 August 2019) was an Argentine footballer. He played as a central defender, and coach.

He played for Estudiantes. He also competed professionally in Colombia, France and Spain. Brown represented the Argentina national team at the 1986 World Cup and three Copa América tournaments. In 1995, he began a career as a manager.

Brown died on 12 August 2019 in hospital in La Plata, Argentina from illness originating with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 62.

Florin Halagian

Florin Vașken Halagian (7 March 1939 – 12 August 2019) was a Romanian football player and manager. He was the manager who has the most matches in Liga I with 878 games. He played for Dinamo București. He managed Argeș Pitești and the Romanian national team. Halagian was born in Bucharest.

Halagian died on 12 August 2019 in Bucharest at the age of 80.

Jan Simonsen

Jan Simonsen (3 March 1953 – 12 August 2019) was a Norwegian journalist and politician. He was a member of Storting from 1989 to 2005. He was a member of the Progress Party until he was removed from the party in 2001. From 2003 to 2004 he was deputy leader of the Democrats party. He was born in Stavanger, Norway.

Simonsen died on 12 August 2019 from cancer in Oslo at the age of 66.

Prince Michael of Kent

Prince Michael of Kent, (Michael George Charles Franklin; born 4 July 1942) is a member of the British royal family. He is the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. He is the grandson of King George V and Queen Mary. He is the 48th in the line of succession to the British throne, but at the time of his birth was seventh in the line of succession.

His godfather was President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Title

4 July 1942 His Royal Highness Prince Michael of Kent 

Ana Ortiz

Ana Ortiz (born January 25, 1971) is an American actress and singer.

Ortiz is known for her role as Hilda Suarez in the ABC comedy-drama series "Ugly Betty" from 2006 to 2010. She also appeared in many movies like "Labor Pains" (2009) and "" (2011), and starred in "" (2008).

Nadia Toffa

Nadia Toffa (June 10, 1979 – August 13, 2019) was an Italian journalist and television presenter. She worked for the satirical current affairs program "Le Iene". In 2017, hers was the third most searched-for personal name on Google. Toffa was born in Brescia, Italy.

Toffa died on August 13, 2019 from brain cancer at the age of 40.

Héctor José Cámpora

Héctor José Cámpora (26 March 190918 December 1980) was an Argentine dentist and Peronist politician. He was a major figure of left-wing Peronism Cámpora. He was the 38th President of Argentina from 25 May until 13 July 1973.

After the March 1976 coup d'état, Cámpora sought refuge at the Mexican embassy in Buenos Aires. Three years later, after being diagnosed with laryngeal cancer, he was allowed to fly to México. Cámpora died in Cuernavaca on 18 December 1980, aged 71.


Ernesto Pérez Balladares

Ernesto Pérez Balladares González-Revilla (born June 29, 1946), nicknamed "El Toro" ("The Bull"), is a Panamanian politician. He was the President of Panama between 1994 and 1999.

Laurentino Cortizo

Laurentino "Nito" Cortizo Cohen (;born January 30, 1953) is a Panamanian politician. He has been the President of Panama since 2019. Cortizo Cohen is the former President of the National Assembly and Minister of Agricultural and Livestock Development. He was also a member of the National Assembly between 1994 and 2004. 

In June 2022, Cortizo was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome.

Mireya Moscoso

Mireya Elisa Moscoso Rodríguez de Arias (born July 1, 1946) is a Panamanian politician. She was the 34th President of Panama from September 1, 1999 to August 31, 2004. She is the country's first female president.


Ricardo de la Espriella

Ricardo de la Espriella Toral (born September 5, 1934) is a Panamanian politician. He was the President of Panama from July 31, 1982 to February 13, 1984.

Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino

Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino (born August 21, 1938) is a Panamanian politician. He was the President from October 11, 1984 to September 28, 1985.

Martín Torrijos

Martín Erasto Torrijos Espino (; born July 18, 1963) is a Panamanian politician. He was 35th President of Panama from September 1, 2004 to June 30, 2009. His father was Omar Torrijos, who was the Military Leader of Panama from 1968 to 1981.

Ricardo Martinelli

Ricardo Alberto Martinelli Berrocal, (born March 11, 1952) is a Panamanian politician and businessman. He was the 36th President of Panama from 2009 to 2014.

In May 2017, Interpol issued a warrant for his arrest due to spying on journalists in Panama. He is also suspected of embezzlement on a $45 million contract to purchase food for schools. Martinelli was arrested on June 12, 2017 to face extradition to Panama. He was extradited to Panama on June 11, 2018 to face the wiretapping charges.

Aristides Royo

Aristides Royo Sánchez (born August 14, 1940) is a Panamanian politician. He was President of Panama from October 11, 1978. He was pressured by the military to resign on July 31, 1982.

Hipólito Mejía

Rafael Hipólito Mejía Domínguez (born 22 February 1941), is a Dominican politician. He was President of the Dominican Republic from 2000 to 2004.

Leonel Fernández

Leonel Antonio Fernández Reyna () (born December 26, 1953) is a Dominican lawyer, academic, and politician. He was President of the Dominican Republic from 1996 to 2000 and from 2004 to 2012. 

Since January 2016, he is the President of the EU–LAC Foundation.

Guido Vildoso

General Guido Vildoso Calderón (born 5 April 1937) is a Bolivian politician. He was the de facto President of Bolivia from July 1982 to October 1982.

Alejandro Giammattei

Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla (born 9 March 1956) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from 14 January 2020 until 14 January 2024. He was elected president after winning the second round of the 2019 presidential election. He was a candidate for President in the 2007, 2011, 2015, and 2019 elections.

Álvaro Colom

Álvaro Colom Caballeros (; June 15, 1951 – January 23, 2023) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from 2008 to 2012.

Colom died at a hospital in Guatemala City, Guatemala from esophageal cancer at the age of 71.

Alfonso Portillo

Alfonso Antonio Portillo Cabrera (born September 24, 1951) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the 33rd President of Guatemala from 2000 to 2004.


President of Guatemala

The President of Guatemala () officially known as the President of the Republic of Guatemala (), is the head of state and head of government of Guatemala, elected to a single four-year term.

The job of President was created in 1839. From 1821 until 1839, the head of state of Guatemala was styled simply as Head of State ().

According to article 185 of the constitution, the following is required to be president:


The most recent president to die was Álvaro Colom (served 2008–2012), on 23 January 2023, at the age of 71.

Jorge Serrano Elías

Jorge Antonio Serrano Elías (born April 26, 1945) is a Guatemalan politician. He was President of Guatemala from January 14, 1991 to June 1, 1993.

Ramiro de León Carpio

Ramiro de León Carpio (January 12, 1942 – April 16, 2002) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from June 6, 1993 until January 14, 1996.

De León died while in a diabetic coma at a Miami hospital on April 16, 2002 at the age of 60.


Vinicio Cerezo

Marco Vinicio Cerezo Arévalo (born December 26, 1942) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from January 14, 1986 to January 14, 1991.


Spouse of the prime minister of the United Kingdom

The spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the wife or husband of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

There have been forty-four women and three men who have been married to British prime ministers in office. There have also been four bachelor and nine widower prime ministers; the last bachelor was Edward Heath (1970–1974) and the last widower was Ramsay MacDonald (1924, 1929–1935). 

The Duke of Grafton (1766–1768) is the only Prime Minister to have divorced and remarried while in office, while Boris Johnson was the only one to have a "de jure" spouse in Marina Wheeler, due to their separation in 2018. Johnson eventually married Carrie Johnson in 2021. They were the first unmarried couple to live in Downing Street before their marriage.

The role of the British prime minister's spouse is not an official office and are not given a salary or official duties. Over time the position has evolved. Cherie Blair, have gained public attention through their own independent careers and achievements, as well as attending engagements such as the African First Ladies Summit.

There are currently seven living spouses of former prime ministers:

Sarah Jane Brown

Sarah Jane Brown (née Macaulay; born 31 October 1963), usually known as Sarah Brown, is a British campaigner for global health and education, founder and president of the children's charity Theirworld.

She was a founding partner of Hobsbawm Macaulay Communications. She is married to Gordon Brown, who was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1997 to 2007 and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2007 to 2010.

Norma Major

Dame Norma Christina Elizabeth Major, (' Wagstaff, formerly Johnson; born 12 February 1942) was an English philanthropist. She is the wife of Sir John Major.

Marina Wheeler

Marina Claire Wheeler (born 18 August 1964) is a British lawyer, writer and columnist. She was appointed Queen's Counsel in 2016. She was married to former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson; however, during 2018 the couple separated and later divorced in 2020. 

In September 2018, Johnson and Wheeler announced that they had separated "some time ago", following continuing allegations of marital infidelity against Johnson. It was also announced that divorce proceedings had started.

In July 2019, after Johnson became Prime Minister, Wheeler became the Spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

In August 2019, Wheeler revealed that she was diagnosed with cervical cancer and is currently cancer-free.

Michael Jayston

Michael James (29 October 1935 – 5 February 2024), known professionally as Michael Jayston, was an English actor. He played The Valeyard in the 1986 "Doctor Who" serial "The Trial of a Time Lord". He also played in a radio version of the novel "You Only Live Twice" in 1990, performing James Bond. He also appeared in the BBC comedy series "Only Fools and Horses" in 1996, playing Raquel's father. Jayston lived in Hove, Sussex. He died on 5 February 2024, at the age of 88, following a short illness.


Eugene Scalia

Eugene Scalia (born August 14, 1963) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 28th United States Secretary of Labor from September 30, 2019 until January 20, 2021. He was a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of the law firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher.

He is a son of late U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia.

In July 2019, Scalia was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the next United States Secretary of Labor. He was confirmed on September 26, 2019 with a 53–44 vote.


Joseph Maguire

Joseph Maguire (born August 14, 1951) is an American military personnel. He was the acting Director of National Intelligence from August 2019 to February 2020. He was also the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center from December 2018 to August 2019. 

He retired from the United States Navy as a Vice Admiral in 2010 after 36 years of military service. He was the Deputy Director for Strategic Operational Planning at National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC).

Patrick Pizzella

Patrick Pizzella (born May 19, 1954) is an American politician. He is the United States Deputy Secretary of Labor since April 2018. He was formerly a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority appointed by President Barack Obama. With the resignation of Alexander Acosta, Pizzella was the acting United States Secretary of Labor from July 20, 2019 until September 30, 2019.

Chris Pilkerton

Christopher Michael Pilkerton is an American lawyer and politician. He was the acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration from April 2019 through January 2020. He was an assistant director of Law and Public Policy at the Catholic University of America and a Senior Counselor to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Health regeneration (video games)

Health regeneration is a feature in video games where if the player takes damage, they can get back the health they lost if they wait and do not take any more damage. The first game with this feature was "Punch Out!!" for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Many people think "" was the first First-person shooter game to have health regeneration, but it was not. Health regeneration was not even in the first "Halo" game, but it was added in "Halo 2" and was a feature in most "Halo" games since then. Even so, it has existed in shooter games before "Halo". Nonetheless, since "Halo 2", it became more common to have have health regeneration instead of health bars and it later became standard in shooter games. Other shooter games that use health regeneration include the "Call of Duty" games, the "Gears of War" games, and the "Sniper Elite" games.

Israeli Liberal Party

The Israeli Liberal Party (, "Miflaga Libralit Yisraelit") was a political party that was active in Israel in the 1950s and 60s. The Liberals were created by an alliance of the Progressive Party and the General Zionists. The Liberal party was generally fiscally conservative but in other issues were normally left-centrist. In 1963, the Liberals joined with Menachem Begin and the Herut party to become Gahal.

Sniper Elite

The Sniper Elite series is a series of stealth-based World War II third-person shooter video games with special attention placed on long-distance bullet physics. In these games, players need to pay attention to how far their enemies are, the effective range of their sniper rifles, and how hard the wind is blowing, since all of these will affect where the player's bullets will hit. Most of the levels are about the player going to the vantage point (the best place for a sniper to kill his or her target), killing or destroying his or her target, and evacuating the area.

Players will need to use stealth throughout the levels, since the player can die with just a few hits. If players fire their rifles when there are loud noises in the background, the player can kill enemy soldiers without other soldiers noticing. However, the player must be careful to hide dead bodies or shoot when no one is watching, since dead bodies will alert other enemy soldiers and make them harder to hit. If the player holds his or her lungs, the in-game time will slow down and there will be a marker that shows where the bullet will hit. The games have an X-ray feature that shows where the bullets hit the enemy and how the bullets injure enemies. Points are awarded based on how far the player is, where the player hits the enemy, and whether other enemy soldiers notice the player killing them.

Along with a sniper rifle, the player can also carry a pistol, a submachine gun, and explosives. Some pistols have a suppressor so that the player can kill enemies without being heard, others do not, so the player must be careful when choosing his or her weapons. Submachine guns are best used in emergency close-quarters firefights, but the player must be careful not to waste ammo. Explosives can be used to lay traps for the enemy or protect the player from being flanked.

In some of the games, there are DLC levels where the player is sent to assassinate Adolf Hitler.

Jumpscare

A jumpscare is a way to scare the audience using sudden, loud noises and/or quick visual changes. It is not only used in horror movies, but also in many video games as well. They are often criticized, with people saying it is a cheap and/or lazy way to scare the audience.

Calcium sulfide

Calcium sulfide is a chemical compound made of one calcium atom and one sulphide atom. It has the chemical formula CAS. It is white and forms cubes.

It has a high melting point of 2,525 Celsius (4,577 °F; 2,798 Kelvin), and decomposes upon contact with water.

Chitetsu Watanabe

Chitetsu Watanabe (渡邉智哲; "Watanabe Chitetsu", 5 March 1907 – 23 February 2020) was a Japanese farmer and supercentenarian.
Born on 5 March 1907 in the village of Uragawara, which now is Joetsu, in Niigata Prefecture, Japan to farmers, Watanabe studied at Niigata Prefectural Takada Agricultural High School before moving to Taiwan where he lived and worked for the sugarcane company Dai-Nippon Sugar Company though until the end of World War II when he returned to Jōetsu. He lived with his son's family until 2015 when he aged 108 got infected by influenza and moved to a retirement home. He had in total 5 children, 12 grandchildren, 16 great-grandchildren and one great-great-grandchild, who was born on 15 January 2019, just five days before 113-year-old Hokkaido man Masazō Nonaka's death, upon which Watanabe became the oldest living man, although German World War II-veteran Gustav Gerneth (15 October 1905? – 22 October 2019) and Mexican Domingo Villa Avisencio (26 August 1906? – 3 November 2019) claimed to be older. He was officially recognized by Guinness World Records as the oldest living man on 12 February 2020, and believed the secret to a long life was laughing often, forgetting bad things and avoiding to get angry, and said on his 112th birthday in early March 2019 that he wanted to try his best to eat delicious healthy food until age 120 and might eat his own food except hard food and liked sweet food.

Watanabe died 11:10 p.m. the late evening of 23 February 2020, just eleven days before his 113th birthday, and was succeeded as the oldest living man by Englishman Robert Weighton.

John Millington Synge

Edmund John Millington Synge (16 April 1871 – 24 March 1909) was an Irish playwright, poet, prose writer, travel writer and collector of folklore. He is best known for his play "The Playboy of the Western World". 

Typhoon Francisco (2019)

Typhoon Francisco was a typhoon that devastated Japan, especially Kyushu, and South Korea. It was the next typhoon after Typhoon Wutip of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

On August 1, a tropical depression formed east of the Mariana Islands and got the name 10W. The depression rapidly began intensifying while moving NW and became a tropical storm. When 10W became a tropical storm is got the name Francisco. Overtime Francisco continued intensifying while moving towards Japan. Francisco gradually strengthened over the next few days becoming a severe tropical storm with 65 mph winds and a pressure of 985. Francisco continued to move when it the Bonin Islands. The storm moved towards Japan and after 12 hours it became a typhoon. Typhoon Francisco made landfall in Japan on August 6 early in the morning. Typhoon Francisco weakened down to a tropical storm but, is said to make landfall in South Korea as well. 

In anticipation of coastal flooding, 20,020 people were evacuated from Kokuraminami-ku and Moji-ku. Striking Kyushu as a typhoon, Francisco brought heavy rain and strong winds to much of the island. Rainfall accumulations exceeded in Nobeoka and in Saiki. A maximum wind gust of was observed at Miyazaki Airport. Two people suffered injury after being knocked over by strong winds.

Heavy rainfall will also be a concern across South Korea as Francisco tracks northward through Wednesday.

Busan and southeast South Korea were the first to be impacted by Francisco with nearly 75 mm (3 inches) of rain falling in less than 10 hours on Tuesday.

Rainfall of 75-150 mm (3-6 inches) is expected across the eastern half of the country with 25-75 mm (1-3 inches) in west-central locations and less than 25 mm (1 inch) in western parts of the country, including Seoul.

Francisco will remain a tropical depression as it moves into the Sea of Japan (East Sea) late Wednesday. 

Typhoon Lekima (2019)

Typhoon Lekima, known in the Philippines as the Typhoon Hanna, was the second-costliest typhoon in Chinese history, only behind Fitow in 2013. The ninth named storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season, Lekima originated from a tropical depression that formed east of the Philippines on July 30. It gradually organized, became a tropical storm and was named on August 4. Lekima intensified under favourable environmental conditions and peaked as a Category 4–equivalent super typhoon. However, an eyewall replacement cycle caused the typhoon to weaken before it made landfall in Zhejiang late on August 9, as a Category 2–equivalent typhoon. Lekima weakened subsequently while moving across the East China, and made its second landfall in Shandong on August 11.

Lekima's precursor enhanced the southwestern monsoon in the Philippines, which brought heavy rain to the country. The rains caused three boats to sink and 31 people died in this accident. Lekima brought catastrophic damage in mainland China, with a death toll of 89 people and more than CN¥53.7 billion (US$7.6 billion) in damages. The system also caused minor damage in Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan.

On August 2, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began to monitor a tropical depression which developed over the Philippine Sea. The system slowly developed while moving northward. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also monitored the system and gave the identifier "10W" early on August 4. The JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and assigned the name "Lekima" at 6:00 a.m. UTC that day. The JTWC followed suit later that day. Though Lekima was affected by moderate wind shear, warm waters of and good outflow channel allowed Lekima to slowly intensify, and Lekima became almost stationary due to the absence of steering current.

On August 6, Lekima steered by a subtropical ridge to the northeast and accelerated to the northwest, and the JMA upgraded Lekima to a severe tropical storm. Later that day, both JMA and JTWC upgraded Lekima to a typhoon, after the system developed a central dense overcast. As Lekima continued to move northwestward, the system moved into an area of low wind shear, and it started a process of rapid intensification on August 7. The eye became evident on satellite imagery. On August 8, the JTWC upgraded Lekima to a super typhoon, and stated that the system had acquired some of the annular characteristics. Later that day, the JMA stated that Lekima attained maximum sustained winds of . At the same time, Lekima passed between Miyako-jima and Tarama-jima.

Shortly thereafter, Lekima began an eyewall replacement cycle. The typhoon developed a concentric eyewall, as seen from the radar. This cycle also caused the motion of Lekima slightly veered to the north, and the JTWC downgraded Lekima back to typhoon late on August 8. Environmental conditions in East China Sea became less favourable, causing Lekima to slowly weaken while approaching East China. At 1:45 a.m. China Standard Time () August 10, Lekima made landfall in Wenling, Zhejiang with two-minute sustained winds of . Lekima quickly weakened and turned to the north, along the western side of the subtropical ridge. Lekima dropped below typhoon intensity early on August 10, and weakened further to a tropical storm later that day. Lekima emerged into the Yellow Sea early on August 11, and made second landfall in Xihai'an, Qingdao, Shandong at 8:50 p.m. CST, with two-minute sustained winds of . The JTWC issued its final warning to the system around that time. Lekima meandered over the Shandong Peninsula and Bohai Sea throughout August 12, and the JMA downgraded it to a tropical depression later that day.

As Lekima moved northwestward and approached the northern part of the Philippines, PAGASA issued PSWS#1 to Batanes and the Babuyan Islands late on August 6. These warnings were lifted after Lekima left the Philippine Area of Responsibility.

Though Lekima, locally known as "Hanna", did not directly affect the Philippines, it enhanced the southwest monsoon which caused heavy rain to the nation. Three boats sank in Guimaras Strait; 31 people died and three were left missing. Heavy rains also caused flooding in Metro Manila. Classes of numerous cities were suspended on August 5. A motorboat carrying 10 passengers capsized off the coast of Mactan Island in the early morning of August 7. To the south, waves from Lekima displaced more than 1,300 people in Davao City. Agricultural damage in Central Luzon was at ₱80.5 million (US$1.55 million).

As Lekima approached the southwestern Ryukyu Islands, Ishigaki-jima and Miyako-jima received a storm warning. The JMA urged the residents on these islands to beware of high waves, heavy rain, and sudden gusts. Gusts in Miyako-jima reached , while gusts in Shimojishima Airport and Iriomote-jima reached and respectively. Six people were injured during the storm, and thousands of families suffered from power outages. Hundreds of flights and passenger ship trips were cancelled on August 7–9, mainly in Miyako-jima and Ishigaki-jima, affecting thousands of passengers. Agricultural damage across the island chain was JP¥347 million (US$3.29 million).

Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau (CWB) issued a sea warning on August 7. As Lekima continued to approach the island, the CWB issued a land warning to the northern part of Taiwan early on the next day, locally. The CWB lifted the land warning late on August 9, and lifted the sea warning early on the next day, after Lekima made landfall in East China. On late August 8, school and work were cancelled for the next day in eight municipalities and counties in the northern part of Taiwan and in the Matsu Islands. Hundreds of flights and ships were cancelled and delayed.

Throughout Taiwan, Lekima killed two people and injured 15 others. More than 80,000 families suffered power outages. On August 8–9, Wufeng Township recorded a rainfall total of , while rainfall in Taichung amounted to . Lekima's downdraft affected Kinmen on August 9, where a farmland recorded temperature of , setting the national record for the second highest temperature. Jinfeng Township also recorded a temperature of . Institutional damage of Lekima, along with a magnitude 6.0 earthquake reached NT$5.24 million (US$167,000).

Striking East China as a super typhoon, according to China Meteorological Administration, Lekima wrought major damage across numerous provinces. In all, the typhoon killed 56 people and left 14 others missing. Damage nationwide reached CN¥53.72 billion (US$7.6 billion). Zhejiang was the worst hit province; 39 people died in the province, and economic loss reached CN¥24.22 billion (US$3.43 billion). Most of those killed died because of landslides in Yongjia County, and the landslides blocked a river. Water levels rose in ten minutes, and many residents could not evacuate in time. Wenling recorded peak wind gusts of , while daily rainfall in Beilun District amounted to .

Lekima also brought significant effects in Shandong, where 5 people were killed and the damage statewide amounted to CN¥1.475 billion (US$209 million). Because Lekima looped around Shandong for days, it brought heavy rainfall in the province. Daily rainfall in Linqu County reached .

The tail front of Lekima stretched south to Malaysia and struck the northern states of the Malay Peninsula on August 9, causing widespread damage and injuring 10 people in the states of Kedah, Penang and Perlis. The storm also caused damage to 329 schools, according to the Malaysian Ministry of Education. Wind speeds in some areas were recorded at .


Michael E. Krauss

Michael E. Krauss (15 August 1934 – 11 August 2019) was an American linguist and educator. He was the founder and long-time head of the Alaska Native Language Center. The Alaska Native Language Archive is named after him. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was known for being an expert on the Eyak language which became extinct in 2008. Krauss focused on raising awareness of the global problem of endangered languages.

Krauss died at his son's home in Needham, Massachusetts on 11 August 2019, just four days before his 85th birthday.

Needham, Massachusetts

Needham is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. It is a suburb of Boston. Its population was 32,091 in 2020. It is home to the Olin College, an engineering school.

In 2005, Needham became the first city in the United States to raise the age to legally buy tobacco products to 21.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 12.7 square miles (32.9 km²), of which 12.3 square miles (31.9 km²) is land and 0.4 square miles (1.1 km²) is water.

Ningali Lawford

Ningali Josie Lawford (1967 – 11 August 2019) was an Australian actress. She was known for her roles in the movies "Rabbit-Proof Fence" (2002), "Bran Nue Dae" (2009), and "Last Cab to Darwin" (2015). In 2016, she was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. Lawford was born in Wangkatjungka, Western Australia.

Lawford died while on tour in Edinburgh, Scotland on 11 August 2019 when she suffered an asthma attack. She was 52. 

Hussein Salem

Hussein Salem (); (11 November 1933 – 13 August 2019) was an Egyptian-Spanish businessman. He was the co-owner of the East Mediterranean Gas Company (EMG). He was an ally and advisor to former president Hosni Mubarak. He was also the chairman and CEO of HKS Group, a hospitality company that operates Maritim Jolie Ville Resort in Sharm El Sheikh.

He was described as "one of the most secretive businessmen in Egypt". He was known as the "Father of Sharm El Sheikh" due to his resort development activities.

Graham Farmer

Graham Vivian "Polly" Farmer (10 March 1935 14 August 2019) was an Australian rules football player and coach. He was a handballer. 

Farmer joined the East Perth Football Club as a ruckman in 1953. He later played for the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1962 for the Geelong Football Club, where he played 101 games. Farmer returned to Western Australia and became the captain/coach of the West Perth Football Club in 1968.

In 1999, Farmer was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died in Fiona Stanley Hospital in Murdoch, Western Australia on 14 August 2019 from the disease, aged 84.

Fisher Stevens

Fisher Stevens (born Steven Fisher; November 27, 1963) is an American actor, director, producer and writer. He is best known for his roles of Ben Jabituya in "Short Circuit", Chuck Fishman on the 1990s television series "Early Edition", and villainous computer genius Eugene "The Plague" Belford in "Hackers". He also starred as Roger, Phoebe Buffay's love interest.

Aldgate

Aldgate is a district within Central London. It is in the City of London (the City) and the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is part of the East End. Aldgate was the eastern-most gateway through London Wall to Whitechapel.

Jisoo

Kim Ji-soo (; born January 3, 1995) is a South Korean singer, actress, and model. She goes by the mononym Jisoo. She is known for being a member of Blackpink, which as of 2019 is the highest-charting female K-pop group. Jisoo is also well known as a model in advertisements in South Korea, including for LG. She has also appeared in a few television series. Jisoo is well known on social media in South Korea, with 38.2 million followers.

Jisoo was born in South Korea on 3 January 1995. In 2011, she joined YG Entertainment as a trainee. Later she became a member of Blackpink. In 2015, she made her first appearance as an actress.

In 2023, she released her single-album, "Me".



Cat café

A Cat Café is a café for drinking coffee with cats. You can watch and play with cats. There are often desserts such as cookies or cake. The food is often in a separate area from the cats.

The world's first Cat Café started in Taipei. The name was "Cat Flower Garden". The idea was from Japan. The first Japanese one was "Neko no Jikan" in Osaka.

Asian Cat Cafés are special because they are popular. European Cat Cafés are special because they take cats from shelters. Cat Cafés are new in North America, South America and Oceania.

Mohammad Azharuddin

Mohammad Azharuddin is a politician who was a cricketer before he became a poltician. He was the captain of the Indian cricket team in the 1990's.

Azharuddin was born in Hyderabad. He completed his undergraduate studies and earned a degree in commerce from Nizam College, Osmania University.

Frederick County, Maryland

Frederick County is a county in the state of Maryland. It has an area of 667 square miles.

Pig Goat Banana Cricket

Pig Goat Banana Cricket (also abbreviated as PGBC) is an American animated television series. It was created by Dave Cooper and Johnny Ryan for Nickelodeon. The series is about the title quartet. It was first broadcast on July 16, 2015. It was broadcast after the 2015 Kids' Choice Sports.

On June 25, 2015, Nickelodeon renewed "Pig Goat Banana Cricket" for a second season. The last episodes of the series were aired in 2018.



Tabun

Tabun is a nerve agent. It was the first of the G-series nerve agents, and called GA. Its potential was known from 
the 1900s because of technical publications.

The substance was developed in 1936 by the German chemist Gerhard Schrader. He was responsible for the I.G. Farben (Leverkusen) work on pesticides. From 1942 Tabun was industrially produced. It was filled in bombs and shells for the Wehrmacht in WWII, but not used.

Lever-action firearms

Lever-action firearms are guns that hold multiple bullets and are loaded by pulling and pushing a lever at the bottom of the gun.

Lever-action rifles first became important weapons during the American Civil War. Two rifles made during this time were the Henry and Spencer rifles. They fired much more quickly and could be loaded much faster than muzzleloading rifles. However, their use was limited because many generals felt that the ability to shoot many bullets without reloading would cause soldiers to shoot with less accuracy. However, after the Civil War, lever-action guns became much more popular. They were popular with not just soldiers, but also with hunters and even civilians. They were so popular that the most famous lever-action rifle, the Winchester Model 1873, was called "the gun that won the West".

Both the militaries of the United States and the Russian Empire used lever-action guns often until the beginning of the 20th century. Even though lever action guns can fire much faster than bolt-action rifles (lever-actions can fire 2 rounds a second in skilled hands,) the bolt-action rifle was chosen to be the main gun for most infantry. This was because bolt-action rifles could easily be fired when soldiers are lying on the ground, but lever-actions cannot do so easily.

Lever-action guns were made for many different types of bullets, both pistol and rifle bullets. Most lever-action guns are rifles, but there are also lever-action shotguns as well. The most famous of these are the Winchester Model 1887.

Winchester Model 1887

The Winchester Model 1887 is a lever-action shotgun invented by John Browning. It was one of the first successful repeating shotguns. When the repeating rifle became more popular in the decades after the American Civil War, the need for a shotgun that could hold more than just two shotgun shells at a time also grew. Using the same lever action used in repeating rifles, John Browning created the Model 1887. While it was popular at the time it was first made, its popularity quickly went away after John Browning invented the first pump-action shotgun a few years later.

Even though it quickly lost its popularity in the real world, it is still a popular gun shown in movies and video games. It was the gun of choice for characters Kyle Reese and the T-800 in the "Terminator" movies. It was also one of the most popular guns used in the video game "".

Gatling gun

The Gatling gun is a machine gun that has many barrels that fire bullets by turning the barrels around in a circle. It was the first machine gun ever made. It was first used by the Union Army during the American Civil War. Although it was very powerful, it was not much used because it cost a lot of money and was heavy. It was used more often in other wars during the second half of the 19th century. It was used in the Anglo-Zulu War, the Boshin War, and the Spanish-American War. Early in the 20th century armies stopped using it because other machine guns were better. 

The Minigun is based on the Gatling gun. The Gatling gun is a machine gun, but it is not called an automatic weapon because a user must continue to crank it instead of merely holding down the trigger. Still it was very useful in the wars.

Consumer Reports

Consumer Reports (CR) is a nonprofit organization focused only on unbiased product testing, investigative journalism, consumer-focused research, public education, and consumer advocacy.

Founded in 1936 as Consumer Union, CR was created to serve as an information source that consumers could use to help assess product performance and safety. Since that time, CR has continued its testing and analysis of products and services, and advocate for the consumer in legislative and rule-making areas. Consumer Reports helped advocate for seat belt laws, the dangers of cigarettes, and recently, the growth of consumer finance protection and the growth of consumer access to better health care. The organization has also expanded its scope to a set of digital platforms.

The organization’s headquarters, including its 50 testing labs, is in Yonkers, New York, while its cars are tested at a track site in East Haddam, Connecticut. CR is funded by subscriptions to its magazine and website, as well as through independent grants and donations. Marta L. Tellado is the current CEO of Consumer Reports. She joined the organization in 2014, with the goal of expanding its engagement and advocacy efforts.

Consumer Reports' website and magazine writes reviews and comparisons of consumer products and services based on reporting and results from its in-house testing laboratory and survey research center. CR accepts no advertising, and has no shareholders as a nonprofit organization. It also publishes general and targeted product/service buying guides. Consumer Reports pays for all the products it tests through common ways citizens buy products and services. They do this through secret, anonymous shoppers.

Only paid subscribers can access its website ConsumerReports.org, in its entirety. ConsumerReports.org writes updates on product availability, and adds new products to already existing test results. In addition, the online data includes features that is not in the magazine; for example, vehicle reliability (frequency of repair) tables online show the full 10 model years reported in the Annual Questionnaires, but the magazine has only a six-year history of each model.

Consumer Reports also allows the creators of the product to improve its product before Consumer Reports publishes its final results.

Plymouth Fury

The Plymouth Fury is an American car produced by Plymouth of Chrysler from the 1959 to 1978 model years.

It is a full-size from 1959 to 1961, mid-size from 1962 to 1964, again full-size from 1965 to 1974 and again mid-size from 1975 to 1978.

The Plymouth Sport Fury is a top-model of the Fury made from 1959 and 1962 to 1971.

The Plymouth VIP is a luxury version of the Fury made from 1966 to 1969.

The Plymouth Fury was succeeded by the Plymouth Gran Fury in the late 1970s.

A 1958 Plymouth Fury was famous for the 1983 horror movie Christine.

Plymouth (automobile)

Plymouth was a brand of automobiles based in the United States, produced by the Chrysler Corporation and its successor DaimlerChrysler. The brand was founded in 1928 and ended in 2001. 1928-2001

Jim Marsh (basketball)

James Marsh (April 26, 1946 – August 12, 2019) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the National Basketball Association (NBA) for one season. He played college basketball at the University of Southern California. Marsh played professionally for the Portland Trail Blazers of the NBA from 1971 to 1972.

Marsh was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2004. He died on August 12, 2019 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 73.

Héctor Rivoira

Héctor Oscar Rivoira (10 April 1960 – 14 August 2019) was an Argentine football manager and player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He worked as the manager of Chacarita Juniors and Atlético Tucumán. He played for Almirante Brown from 1981 to 1984.

Rivoira died on 14 August 2019 in Buenos Aires from colorectal cancer at the age of 59.


Peter Murphy (musician)

Peter John Joseph Murphy (born 11 July 1957) is an English singer-songwriter, and musician. He was the vocalist of the goth rock band Bauhaus. His best known albums were "Love Hysteria", "Deep", and "Holy Smoke". He is known as the Godfather of Goth".

In August 2019, Murphy was hospitalized for a heart attack in New York City.

George Keiser

George James Keiser (February 22, 1946 – December 22, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives. He represented the 47th district. He was a Republican. Keiser was first elected in 1992. From 1988 to 1992 he was Commissioner of Bismarck.

In August 2019, Keiser was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He died from the disease on December 22, 2021 in Bismarck at the age of 75.

Vidya Sinha

Vidya Sinha (15 November 1947 – 15 August 2019) was an Indian film actress. She acted in Bollywood movies and television shows. In movies, she was most known for "Rajnigandha" (1974) and "Chhoti Si Baat" (1975). In television, her best known role was as the grandmother on "Qubool Hai". Her last movie role was in Salman Khan's "Bodyguard" (2011). Sinha was born in Bombay.

On 15 August 2019, Sinha died at a hospital in Mumbai of respiratory failure caused by heart and lung disease at the age of 71.

Barbara March

Barbara March (born Barbara Jean Maczka; October 9, 1953 – August 11, 2019) was a Canadian actress. She was born in Toronto. March was best known for her role as the Star Trek character Lursa, one of the Duras sisters. She appeared as Lursa in "" ("" and ""), "" ("Past Prologue"), and "Star Trek Generations".

March died of cancer on August 11, 2019 at the age of 65. She was married to actor Alan Scarfe from 1979 until her death. They had two children.

Auguste and Louis Lumière

The Lumière brothers (, ; ), Auguste Marie Louis Nicolas (; 19 October 1862 – 10 April 1954) and Louis Jean (; 5 October 1864 – 7 June 1948), were the first filmmakers in history. 


Thomas Stafford Williams

Thomas Stafford Williams ONZ ChStJ (20 March 1930 – 22 December 2023) is a New Zealand Catholic official. He was born in Wellington. He was cardinal in the Catholic church and before his retirement in 2005. He was the fifth Archbishop of Wellington.

Williams was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected Pope Benedict XVI. He resigned as Archbishop of Wellington on 21 March 2005 having reached the age of 75 and was succeeded by Coadjutor Archbishop, John Dew.

In retirement, Williams lived at a retirement village in Waikanae. He died there on 22 December 2023, at the age of 93.


FIBA

The International Basketball Federation (FIBA ; French: ) is the governing body of the sport of basketball. Originally known as the , in 1989 it dropped the word "amateur" from its name but kept the acronym; the "BA" now represents the first two letters of "basketball".

FIBA defines the rules of basketball such what equipment and facilities to use, organises international competitions, regulates the transfer of athletes across countries, and controls the appointment of international referees. A total of 213 national federations are now members, organized since 1989 into five zones: Africa, Americas, Asia, Europe, and Oceania.

The FIBA Basketball World Cup is a world tournament for men's national teams held every four years. Teams compete for the Naismith Trophy, named in honor of basketball's Canadian creator James Naismith. The tournament occurred in the same year as the FIFA World Cup from 1970 through 2014, but starting in 2019, the Basketball World Cup will move to the year following the FIFA World Cup.


University of Southern Mississippi

The University of Southern Mississippi (USM) is a public research university in the United States. Its with its main campus is in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. The Hattiesburg campus is about north of Gulfport, Mississippi and northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. It has another campuses at Long Beach. That campus is called Gulf Park. In addition, USM has five more teaching and research sites. USM is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) to award baccalaureate, master's, specialist, and doctoral degrees.

It is known informally as Southern Miss.

The school was founded on March 30, 1910.

Italian Parliament

The Italian Parliament () is the national parliament of the Italian Republic. 

It is the representative body of Italian citizens. It is a bicameral legislature with 945 elected members and a small number of unelected members (). The Italian Parliament is made up of the Chamber of Deputies (with 630 members or elected on a national basis) and Senate of the Republic (with 315 members or ). 

The two houses are independent from one another and never meet jointly.

Antonio Rastrelli

Antonio Rastrelli (15 October 1927 – 15 August 2019) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was born in Portici, Italy. Rastrelli was a member of the Senate from 1979 to 1994 and was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1995. Rastrelli was President of Campania from 1995 to 1999.

Rastrelli died on 15 August 2019 at the age of 91.


Madhava of Sangamagrama

Mādhava of Sañgamāgrama was an Indian mathematician. He was born in 1340 and died in 1425.

HD 136418

HD 136418 is a star located in the constellation Boötes 340 light years away from Earth. It has a planet orbiting it, like Jupiter.

The star and its planet will be named after something in the culture of Canada.

Trailer (vehicle)

A trailer is a type of land vehicle that does is used to carry things. Trailers do not have engines. To move, they are attached to another vehicle which pulls them. More than one trailer can be connected together. The vehicle at the front almost always has an engine to move the trailer(s).

Trailers are used for carrying passengers and cargo. The cargo may be things that are not alive or living things such as animals like horses. Trailer may also be used to move boats on land.

List of Latin phrases (L)

Christina of the Netherlands

Princess Christina of the Netherlands (born Maria Christina; 18 February 1947 – 16 August 2019) was a Dutch royal, educator and singer. She was the youngest of four daughters of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. She was the youngest sister of Beatrix of the Netherlands. She was born in Soestdijk Palace, Baarn, Netherlands.

During pregnancy, her mother was diagnosed with rubella and as a result, Christina was born nearly blind. Her godfather was British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.

In June 2018, it was announced that Christina had been diagnosed with bone cancer. She died on 16 August 2019 in Noordeinde Palace, Den Haag, Netherlands from the disease, aged 72.

Irene of the Netherlands

Princess Irene of the Netherlands (born Irene Emma Elisabeth; 5 August 1939) is a Dutch royal and environmentalist. She is the second child of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. 

The Princess used the following names since her divorce:

Margriet of the Netherlands

Princess Margriet of the Netherlands (Margriet Francisca; born 19 January 1943) is a Dutch royal and philanthropist. She is the third daughter of Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard. 

As an aunt of the reigning monarch, King Willem-Alexander, she is a member of the Dutch Royal House and currently eighth and last in the line of succession to the throne.

From 1984 to 2007, Princess Margriet was president of the European Cultural Foundation, who set up the "Princess Margriet Award for Cultural Diversity". She is a member of the honorary board of the International Paralympic Committee.


Pieter van Vollenhoven

Pieter van Vollenhoven Jr. (born 30 April 1939) is a Dutch royal, photographer, educator and pianist. He is the husband of Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and a member, by marriage, of the Dutch Royal House. He was born in Schiedam, Netherlands. He was chairman of the Dutch Safety Board from which he retired in February 2011. 

Van Vollenhoven was diagnosed with melanoma twice in May 2017 and in November 2017.


Karim Olowu

Alhaji Karim Ayinla Babalola "KAB" Olowu (OON) (7 June 1924 – 14 August 2019) was a Nigerian sprinter and long jumper. He was part of Nigeria's first delegation to the Olympic Games and the Commonwealth Games.

Olowu participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He participated in the 1950 British Empire Games. At the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he won silver medals in long jump and the 4×110 yards relay, becoming the first Nigerian athlete to win two medals at the Commonwealth Games. 

At the 1992 Barcelona Olympics he became the first Nigerian Olympic torch bearer. He was one of Africa's oldest living Olympians.

Olowu died at a hospital in Lagos, Nigeria on 14 August 2019 at the age of 95.

Reuven Hammer

Reuven Hammer (1933 – 12 August 2019) was an American-Israeli Conservative rabbi, scholar of Jewish liturgy, author and lecturer. He was born in Syracuse, New York. He was a founder of the "Masorti" (Conservative) movement in Israel. He was president of the International Rabbinical Assembly. For many years, he was head of the Masorti Beth Din in Israel. He was a regular columnist for "The Jerusalem Post" "Tradition Today" column. 

Hammer died of brain cancer on 12 August 2019 in Jerusalem at the age of 86.

Gjergj Xhuvani

Gjergj Xhuvani (20 December 1963 – 14 August 2019) was an Albanian movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was born in Tirana, Albania. His 2001 movie "Slogans" was Albania's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted His 2009 movie "" was selected as the Albanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it didn't make the shortlist.

Xhuvani died of a possible heart attack on 14 August 2019 in Rome, Italy at the age of 55.

Eddie Marlin

Edward Marlin (August 13, 1930 – August 15, 2019) was an American promoter and professional wrestler. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. In 1967, Marlin wrestled for Nick Gulas' NWA Mid-America promotion under a mask as "The Mummy". He retired in 1993.

In the early-1970s, Marlin formed a tag team with Tommy Gilbert. The duo achieved their greatest success in NWA Mid-America, winning the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship, NWA World Six-Man Tag Team Championship, and NWA Mid-America Tag Team Championship.

Marlin died on August 15, 2019 from multiple organ failure under hospice care in Gallatin, Tennessee at the age of 89.


Qin Hanzhang

Qin Hanzhang (Chinese: 秦含章; 19 February 1908 – 15 August 2019) was a Chinese engineer, scientist and supercentenarian. He was a known figure in the field of food science and industrial fermentation. He was also a scholar in the wine industry. In 1950, Premier Zhou Enlai appointed Qin as a counselor of the Ministry of Food Industry and the Ministry of Light Industry.


Lu Yonggen

Lu Yonggen (; 2 December 1930 – 12 August 2019) was a Chinese agronomist, plant geneticist, educator, and philanthropist.

Lu was President of South China Agricultural University from 1983 to 1995. He was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1993. He was named China's second most generous philanthropist in 2017 after donating his entire life savings of 8.8 million yuan (US$1.34 million) to his university.

Lu was born in Hong Kong. He died on 12 August 2019 in Guangzhou at the age of 88.

Glenn Tasker

Glenn Robert Tasker (10 November 1951 – 15 August 2019) was an Australian sport administrator. He was known for his works in swimming, tennis and the Paralympic movement. He was President of the Australian Paralympic Committee from 2013 to 2018.

Tasker died while in a coma on 15 August 2019 in Sydney due to cardiac arrest-related problems, aged 67.

Wrestling Pro

Edward Leon Baxter (June 4, 1938 – August 15, 2019) was an American professional wrestler. He worked for the National Wrestling Alliance in the 1960s and 70s. He was best known for wrestling under a mask as (The) Wrestling Pro and also wrestled under the ring name Tarzan Baxter. He had famous feuds with Ken Mantell for the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship and Jack Brisco for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.


Basu Chatterjee

Basu Chatterjee (; 10 January 1930 – 4 June 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter. His works were known for the urban settings, focusing on marriage and love relationships.

He was best known for his movies "Us Paar", "Chhoti Si Baat" (1975), "Chitchor" (1976), "Rajnigandha" (1974), "Piya Ka Ghar" (1972), "Khatta Meetha ", "Chakravyuha", "Baton Baton Mein" (1979), "Priyatama" (1977), "Man Pasand", "Hamari Bahu Alka", "Shaukeen" (1982), and "Chameli Ki Shaadi" (1986).


Mala Sinha

Mala Sinha (born Alda Sinha; 11 November 1936) is an Indian actress.

Her best known roles were in "Pyaasa" (1957), "Anpadh" (1962), "Dil Tera Deewana" (1962), "Gumrah" (1963), "Bahurani" (1963), "Gehra Daag", "Apne Huye Paraye", "Jahan Ara", "Himalaya Ki God Mein" (1965), "Nai Roshni", "Aankhen" (1968), "Maryada" (1971) and "Babu".


Morogoro tanker explosion

On 10 August 2019, a fuel tanker exploded in Morogoro, Tanzania. It killed at least 89 people and injuredat least 55. It was one of the largest disasters of its kind in Tanzania.

The incident happened in the town of Morogoro. A fuel tanker crashed and people gathered at the accident site to steal the fuel. The tanker exploded during the looting, burning 60 people to death. Another 55 people were injured in the incident and many suffered serious burns.

7 August 2019 Kabul bombing

A suicide car bomb exploded at a security checkpoint outside a police station in the Afghan capital, Kabul, on 7 August 2019. The explosion happened in the early morning, in a Shia neighbourhood in western Kabul. 

At least 14 people were killed and 145 injured, mostly civilians. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.

Ural Airlines Flight 178

Ural Airlines Flight 178 was a scheduled passenger flight from Zhukovsky International Airport in Moscow to Simferopol in Crimea. On 15 August 2019, an Airbus A321 (VQ-BOZ) suffered a bird strike, which is when birds hit the engines of the plane. It happened after taking off from Zhukovsky and crash landed in a cornfield a few kilometers past the airport. Twenty-nine people were injured and no one was killed.

Moscow Domodedovo Airport

Moscow Domodedovo Airport (), formally "Domodedovo International Airport named after Mikhail Lomonosov" is an international airport located in Domodedovo, Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is south-southeast from the centre of Moscow. Domodedovo is one of the four major Moscow airports, as well as one of the largest airports in Russia.

In 2017, it served 30,700,000 passengers, an increase of 7.6% compared to 2016, making it the second busiest airport in Russia after Sheremetyevo International Airport.

Following a 2019 naming contest and presidential decree, it became named after Russian scientist Mikhail Lomonosov.

Sheremetyevo International Airport

Sheremetyevo Alexander S. Pushkin International Airport ( "Mezhdunarodnyy aeroport Sheremet'yevo imeni A.S. Pushkina") is one of four international airports that serves the city of Moscow. It is the busiest airport in Russia. Sheremetyevo was a military base which became a civilian airport in 1959, and in a 2019 contest, was named after Russian poet Alexander Pushkin.

The airport had six terminals: four international terminals (one under construction), one domestic terminal, and one private aviation terminal. It is located in northwest of central Moscow, in the city of Khimki, Moscow Oblast.

Zhukovsky International Airport

Zhukovsky International Airport , formerly (and still occasionally) known as Ramenskoye Airport or Zhukovsky Airfield (, Аэропорт Жуковский) is an international airport. It is located in Moscow Oblast, Russia 36 km southeast of central Moscow, in the town of Zhukovsky.

Official opening of the Zhukovsky International Airport took place on 30 May 2016 with declared capacity of the first stage of the airport of 4 million passengers annually.

Vnukovo International Airport

Vnukovo International Airport, formally "Vnukovo International Airport named after Andrei Tupolev", () , is a dual-runway international airport located southwest of the centre of Moscow, Russia.

It is one of the four major airports that serve Moscow, along with Moscow Domodedovo Airport, Sheremetyevo International Airport, and Zhukovsky International Airport.

In 2015, the airport handled 15.82 million passengers. It is the third-busiest airport in Russia.

Vnukovo is Moscow's oldest operating airport. It was opened and used for military operations during the Second World War, but became a civilian facility after the war.

In 1980, Vnukovo was expanded because of the 22nd Summer Olympic Games.

Mariscal Sucre International Airport

