On October 9, 2019, Kingsley was diagnosed with bladder cancer. He died from the disease at his home in Weatherford, Texas a week later on October 17 at the age of 80.

Baldwin Street

Baldwin Street, in Dunedin, New Zealand was the steepest street in the world. In 1987, "Guinness World Records" said it was the steepest. It is in the suburb of North East Valley. It is northeast of Dunedin's central business district.

On 16 July 2019, Ffordd Pen Llech in Wales, became the world's steepest street. Baldwin Street's gradient is 35%, and Ffordd Pen Llech's gradient is 37.45%.


David Hahn

David Charles Hahn (October 30, 1976 – September 27, 2016) was an American who attempted to build a homemade neutron source at the age of 17. He is sometimes called the "Radioactive Boy Scout" or the "Nuclear Boy Scout".

He was a scout in the Boy Scouts of America. Hahn did his experiments without anyone knowing. He did them in a backyard shed at his mother's house in Commerce Township, Michigan. While he never actually was able to build a reactor (what he built was a neutron source), Hahn got the attention of local police when he was stopped for a different reason. The police found things in his vehicle that troubled them. He warned that it was radioactive. His mother's property was cleaned up by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ten months later as a Superfund cleanup site. Hahn attained Eagle Scout rank shortly after his lab was dismantled.

Hahn was born in Royal Oak, Michigan.

Hahn was a Boy Scout. He was interested in chemistry. He spent years doing amateur chemistry experiments. Those experiments sometimes made small explosions. He was inspired by reading "The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments", and he tried to get samples of every element in the periodic table. This included the radioactive ones. He later received a merit badge in Atomic Energy. He became interested with the idea of building a breeder reactor in his home. Hahn got a lot of radioactive material by collecting small amounts from household products. It included things such as americium from smoke detectors, thorium from camping lantern mantles, radium from clocks, and tritium from gunsights. His "reactor" was a bored-out block of lead, and he used lithium from $1,000 worth of bought batteries to purify the thorium ash using a Bunsen burner.

On April 23, 2007, the FBI heard that Hahn may have a second breeder reactor in his freezer. The FBI contacted him via telephone. Hahn said that he did not have any radioactive material. The FBI decided he was not a terrorist threat. However, they decided to do a personal interview. During a May 16, 2007 interview at an FBI office, investigators asked Hahn about flyers that he had sent out promoting his book and upcoming film. They also asked about him stealing tires and rims from a vehicle before he joined Navy service. They also asked him about a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia. FBI agents then interviewed a person (whose name was not given) who said that Hahn was using cocaine a lot. They also said he was not taking his prescribed medication, and that he was paranoid of people that he claimed "had the ability to 'shock' his genitals with their minds". They also said he had possibly been visited by prostitutes. The person also said that he believed that Hahn was still trying to build a reactor, and that Hahn was collecting radium. He said that he did not believe Hahn wanted to hurt anyone, but was worried for his mental health.

In Clinton Township, Michigan on August 1, 2007, Hahn was charged with larceny for removing many smoke detectors from the halls of his apartment building. He wanted to get americium from them. In his mug shot, his face is covered with sores. Investigators believe those sores could be from being near radioactive things, psoriasis, or possible drug use.

Hahn died on September 27, 2016. He was 39 years old. Hahn died in his hometown of Shelby Charter Township, Michigan. His death was accidental and due to intoxication from the combined effects of alcohol, diphenhydramine, and fentanyl.


George Meredith

George Meredith (12 February 1828 18 May 1909) was a Victorian poet and novelist who wrote about Women’s rights and was known for his theories about comedy.

Minor character

A minor character is a fictional character in a book, movie or television series who either does not appear very often or is not very important. The story can continue without the minor characters. 

Designer bag

ita bags or "It bags" began mostly after the Second World War. They became popular and more common in the 1990s. The idea was led by the famous fashion houses, such as Hermès, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton. Their popularity was fuelled by more women having surplus money, and being competitive. Like expensive perfumes, designer bags provide a way for fashion houses to increase income by expanding their range of products. They have become an influential part of the fashion culture.

By 2008 the popularity of the "It bag" was reported to be in decline. In May 2011, although there would always be customers for expensive status bags, Celia Walden reported that the concept of the must-have "It bag" was no longer in fashion.


Graham Douglas Caie

Graham Douglas Caie is an emeritus Scottish scholar, who is vice president of ALLEA, the European Federation of Academies of Sciences and Humanities. In 2015, Graham Caie was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his services to Education and Research in Britain and Europe.

Graham Caie was born and raised in Aberdeen, Scotland and attended the Aberdeen Grammar School. He completed his MA (hons) in English at the Aberdeen University in 1968, then obtained the degrees of MA (research) and PhD at McMaster University, Canada. 

In 1972, Graham was appointed lecturer at the University of Copenhagen, where he co-founded the Centre for Medieval Studies at Copenhagen, University of Copenhagen. In 1990, he was appointed to the Chair of English Language at Glasgow University. In 2004, he was elected as a Vice President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He retired from the University of Glasgow, in 2012. In 2014, he became a member of the British Council’s Advisory Committee for Scotland.




Trump–Ukraine scandal

The Trump–Ukraine scandal was a political scandal in the United States. 

In October 2019, a whistleblower anonymously complained that U.S. President Donald Trump, his lawyer Rudy Giuliani, and other high-ranking Trump administration members had made phone calls with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, asking him to have the Ukrainian government investigate Joe Biden, who was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic primaries at the time; as well as his son Hunter Biden in exchange for keeping U.S. military aid to Ukraine going. The complaint raised concerns that Trump was asking for other countries to interfere in the 2020 presidential election.

The controversy led to an impeachment inquiry against Trump. Because of the scandal, Trump was formally impeached by the U.S. House of Representatives on December 18, 2019. However, the Senate voted to clear Trump of charges.

Ed Beck

Edward Paul Beck (June 28, 1936 – October 16, 2019) was an American college basketball player. He was best known as the starting center and team captain of the "Fiddlin' Five," the University of Kentucky's 1958 NCAA championship team.

Beck finished his college career with 459 points scored (5.6 per game) and 783 rebounds (10.0 per game) in 78 total games.

Beck died on October 16, 2019 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 83.


Ding Shisun

Ding Shisun (; September 5, 1927 – October 12, 2019) was a Chinese mathematician, academic administrator, and politician. He was President of Peking University during the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. He was forced to resign afterwards. He later was Chairman of the China Democratic League from 1996 to 2005 and Vice Chairperson of the National People's Congress. He was born in Shanghai. He attended Utopia University in Shanghai from 1944 to 1947.

Ding died on October 12, 2019 in Beijing, aged 92. 

Emilio Nicolas Sr.

Emilio Nicolas Sr. (27 October 1930 – 12 October 2019) was a Mexican-American businessman. He worked with helping to create one of the earliest Spanish-language television stations in the United States. Nicolas created KWEX-TV in San Antonio, which became the cornerstone of the network that would later become Univision.

Nicolas Sr. died at his San Antonio, Texas home on 12 October 2019 from problems caused by progressive supranuclear palsy, aged 88.

Hevrin Khalaf

 

Hevrin Khalaf (; 15 November 1984 – 12 October 2019) was a Kurdish-Syrian politician and civil engineer. She was Secretary General of the Future Syria Party. he was known for her diplomatic skills. Khalaf worked towards increasing tolerance and unity among Christians, Arabs, and Kurds.

Khalaf was killed by the Turkish-backed Ahrar al-Sharqiya fighters near the M4 Motorway in Northern Syria during the Turkish military operation against SDF forces in Rojava on 12 October 2019. According to "The Washington Post", the killing "almost certainly constitute(d) a war crime, under international law".


Anna Quayle

Anne Veronica Maria Quayle (6 October 1932 – 16 August 2019), known professionally as Anna Quayle, was an English actress. In 1963, she won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role in the original production of "Stop the World – I Want to Get Off".

Her movie roles include "A Hard Day's Night" (1964), "Smashing Time" (1967), "Casino Royale" (1967), and "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968).

Quayle was diagnosed in 2012 with Lewy body dementia. She died on 16 August 2019 at the age of 86.

C. S. Holling

Crawford Stanley (Buzz) Holling, (December 6, 1930 – August 16, 2019) was an American-born Canadian ecologist, born in Theresa, New York. 

Holling was one of the co-founders of ecological economics. 

In 2008, he won the Volvo Environment Prize.

He was an Emeritus Eminent Scholar and Professor in Ecological Sciences at the University of Florida. 

Holling died on August 16, 2019 in Nanaimo, British Columbia at the age of 88.

Theresa, New York

Theresa is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 2,648 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Theresa La Ray, the daughter of an original landowner.

Ecological economics

Ecological economics (also called eco-economics, ecolonomy or bioeconomics of Georgescu-Roegen) is both a transdisciplinary and an interdisciplinary field of academic research about the coevolution of human economies and natural ecosystems. 

By treating the economy as a system of Earth's larger ecosystem, and by the preservation of natural capital, the field of ecological economics is different from environmental economics. 

Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen

Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen (born Nicolae Georgescu, 4 February 1906 – 30 October 1994) was a Romanian American mathematician, statistician and economist. He was best known today for his 1971 magnum opus "The Entropy Law and the Economic Process". He was a key figure in the creation of ecological economics.

Several economists have hailed Georgescu-Roegen as a man who lived well ahead of his time, and some historians of economic thought have proclaimed the ingenuity of his work.


Meir Shamgar

Meir Shamgar () (August 13, 1925 – October 18, 2019) was an Israeli general and judge. He was a member of the Irgun. He was the chief justice of the Israeli Supreme Court from 1983 to 1995. Shamgar was born in Danzig.

Shamgar died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 94.

Aharon Barak

Aharon Barak (, born Erik Brick; 16 September 1936) is an Israeli jurist. He is the Professor of Law at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya. Barak was President of the Supreme Court of Israel from 1995 to 2006. Before, he was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel (1978–95), as the Attorney General of Israel (1975–78), and as the Dean of the Law Faculty of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1974–75).

Chris Messina

Christopher Messina (born August 11, 1974) is an American actor and movie director. He is known for his roles in "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", "Argo", "Julie & Julia", "Ruby Sparks", "Celeste and Jesse Forever", "You've Got Mail" and "Birds of Prey". He starred in the movie "The Giant Mechanical Man". 

On television, he appeared in roles as Chris Sanchez in "Damages", Reese Lansing in "The Newsroom" and as Danny Castellano in "The Mindy Project".

Northport, New York

Northport is a historic village in the Town of Huntington on Long Island, New York. Northport is known for its Victorian era village center, still bearing trolley rails. As of 2020, the village has a population of around 7,347.

Shea Whigham

Franklin Shea Whigham Jr. (born January 5, 1969) is an American actor. He played Elias "Eli" Thompson in the HBO drama series "Boardwalk Empire", and also had notable supporting roles in "", "Death Note", "Take Shelter", the first season of "True Detective", the third season of the anthology television series "Fargo", and "Joker".

Bill Camp

William Camp (born October 13, 1961) is an American actor. He became famous for playing supporting roles in many movies such as "Lincoln" (2012), "12 Years a Slave" (2013), "Loving" (2016), "Jason Bourne" (2016), "Molly's Game" (2017), "Red Sparrow" (2018), "Vice" (2018) and "Joker" (2019).

Frances Conroy

Frances Hardman Conroy (born November 13, 1953) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series "Six Feet Under". She is also known for playing multiple roles in the "American Horror Story" television series. In 2019, she played Penny Fleck in "Joker".

Frikandel

A frikandel is a Dutch fast food. It is often a snack eaten with French fries. It has the appearance of a sausage with flat ends.

Tobermory, Mull

Tobermory (Scottish Gaelic: "Tobar Mhoire)" is a town on the Isle of Mull in Scotland. It has roughly around 1,000 people. Historically the town was a fishing port.

Tobermory is well known for hosting the children's television show "Balamory".

Jambuda

Jambuda (Gujarati: જાંબુડા, Hindi: जांबुडा) is a small village in the Jamnagar district of the Indian state of Gujarat. The village has communities of Gadhavi, Rajgor Brahmin, Patels, shepherd, Charaniya and Kori.

Jambuda is about away from Jamnagar city, and on the way to Sainik School Balachadi. Historical book Yaduvanshprakash says that Jambuda village is older than 400 years. It is considered that the village was named as "Jambuda" due to the large number of Java plum tree, and the heavy production of Java plum fruits. karsan pala paliya was notable personality in village.


John Ross Robertson

John Ross Robertson (December 28, 1841 – May 31, 1918) was a Canadian newspaper publisher, politician, and philanthropy. He was from Toronto, Ontario. Between 1896 and 1900, Robertson was a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada. He represented the electoral area of Toronto East.

Robertson was involved in many projects in the Toronto community. For example, he was a leader of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA). He fought very hard to make rules in amateur hockey. He is a part of the Hockey Hall of Fame.


Multiplayer online battle arena

MOBA is an abbreviation for "Multiplayer Online Battle Arena". League of Legends is an example of a MOBA.

Multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) is a subgenre of strategy video games that has gained immense popularity since the early 2000s. MOBAs are typically team-based games where players control a single character or unit and work together with their team to achieve a common goal.

Gameplay in MOBAs usually involves two opposing teams, each trying to destroy the other team's base while defending their own. Players must work together to defeat computer-controlled enemy units and gain experience and gold, which can be used to purchase upgrades and items for their characters.

One of the most popular MOBAs is League of Legends, which was released in 2009 and has since become one of the most played online games in the world. Other popular MOBAs include Dota 2, Smite, and Heroes of the Storm.

MOBAs require a combination of strategic thinking, quick reflexes, and teamwork to succeed. Players must communicate effectively with their teammates, manage resources, and make split-second decisions in order to gain an advantage over their opponents.

The rise of MOBAs has led to the development of professional esports leagues and tournaments, where teams of players compete for large cash prizes. The popularity of these events has helped to legitimize video gaming as a competitive sport and has brought gaming into the mainstream.

While MOBAs are known for their fast-paced, action-packed gameplay, they can also be complex and difficult to learn. Many MOBAs have extensive tutorials and learning resources to help new players get started, but it can take months or even years to become proficient at the game.

Despite the challenges, MOBAs remain one of the most popular genres in gaming, with millions of players around the world logging on to play each day. With new games and updates being released regularly, the MOBA genre shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon.

Nikolai Durov

Nikolai Durov founded Telegram messaging service with his brother Pavel Durov.

Telegram was launched in 2013 by the brothers Nikolai and Pavel Durov. Previously the pair founded the Russian social network VK, which they left when it was taken over by the Mail.ru Group. Nikolai Durov created the MTProto protocol that is the basis for the messenger, while Pavel provided financial support and infrastructure through his Digital Fortress fund with partner Axel Neff joining as a second co-founder.

Truncus arteriosus

Truncus arteriosus is a stage in the development of the heart. It is the arterial trunk that starts from both ventricles of the heart. Later it divides into the aorta and the pulmonary trunk.

"Failure of the truncus arteriosus to close results in the condition known as persistent truncus arteriosus", a rare congenital heart defect. It is a type of heart disease.

People are born with this condition. There are no cures. If not operated on at an early age people may die from this condition.

Nash equilibrium

In game theory, the Nash equilibrium is a proposed solution of a non-cooperative game having two or more players in which each player knows the equilibrium strategies of the other players, and no player can gain anything more by changing only their own strategy. The equilibrium is named after John Forbes Nash Jr..

If each player has chosen, and no player can win anything more by choosing a different strategy for themselves, then they have a Nash equilibrium.

General Order No. 11 (1863)

General Order No. 11 is the name of a Union Army order given on August 25, 1863 during the American Civil War. It forced people from rural areas in four counties in western Missouri to leave. The order, given by Union General Thomas Ewing, Jr., affected all rural people regardless of whether they liked the Union or the Confederacy. Those who could prove their loyalty for the Union were allowed to stay in the affected area. However, they still had to leave their farms and move to towns near military outposts. Those who could not show prove their loyalty had to leave the area.

More than 140 years later, towns affected by General Order No. 11 are still less developed than their neighbors.


The Atlantic

The Atlantic is an American magazine and publisher. It was created in 1857 in Boston, Massachusetts, and it was called The Atlantic Monthly, which was a literary and cultural commentary magazine that published famous writers' opinions on the abolition of slavery, education, and other important issues in politics. Its creators included Francis H. Underwood and famous writers Ralph Waldo Emerson, Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and John Greenleaf Whittier. James Russell Lowell was its first editor. It was also known for publishing literary works by leading writers.

In 2016, the editorial board endorsed a presidential candidate, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, for the third time since the magazine's creation. This was to rebuke Republican Donald Trump's candidacy. After the election, the magazine has become a strong critic of President Trump. The March 2019 cover article by editor Yoni Appelbaum formally calls for the impeachment of Donald Trump: "It's time for Congress to judge the president's fitness to serve."


Wishbone Ash

Wishbone Ash are a British rock band. They started in Torquay, England in 1969. They were most popular in the 1970s. The first and main members were Martin Turner (bass and vocals), Steve Upton (drums), Andy Powell (guitar and vocals) and Ted Turner (guitar and vocals). After Ted Turner left the group in 1974, Laurie Wisefield became the new guitarist. Since then, the group have had many different members. Only Andy Powell is still in the band.

They are well known as one of the first bands to use two lead guitars in hard rock. This inspired bands like Iron Maiden. Their most popular album is "Argus" (1972), which got up to number 3 on the UK Albums Chart in 1972.


Michael Finnegan

Michael Kwame Finnegan (born Michael Myvett; ) is a Belizean politician and hoster. He is a member of the United Democratic Party (UDP). He is currently Minister of Housing and Urban Development in Prime minister, Dean Barrow's Cabinet since 14 February 2008.

James Blanchard

James Johnston Blanchard (born August 8, 1942) is an American politician. He is a Democrat. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 through 1983, as the 45th Governor of Michigan from 1983 through 1991, and as United States Ambassador to Canada from 1993 through 1995.


David Weisman

David Weisman (March 11, 1942 – October 9, 2019) was an American movie director, producer, author, and graphic artist. He was known for directing the movie "Ciao! Manhattan" and for producing "Kiss of the Spider Woman". Weisman was born in Binghamton, New York.

Weisman died on October 9, 2019 of problems caused by the West Nile virus at a Los Angeles hospital, aged 77.

Bernard Fisher (scientist)

Bernard Fisher, MD, FACS (August 23, 1918 – October 16, 2019) was an American surgeon. He was known for his works in the biology and treatment of breast cancer. 

He was Chairman of the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast Project at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. His work helped spot that early-stage breast cancer could be treated better by lumpectomy, in combination with radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and/or hormonal therapy, than by radical mastectomy. suiiiii

Göran Malmqvist

Nils Göran David Malmqvist (6 June 1924 – 17 October 2019) was a Swedish linguist, literary historian, sinologist and translator. He worked for seven years at the Australian National University in Canberra during the 1950s.

During the 1970s, he was also working on the translation of the over thousand page picaresque novel "Shui Hu zhuan". The Swedish title is "Berättelser från träskmarkerna" (Tales from the swamps) and the work appeared in four volumes between 1976 and 1979.

Malmqvist was elected to the Swedish Academy on 11 April 1985 and admitted on 20 December 1985.


Nicolás Díaz

Nicolás Díaz Sánchez (August 10, 1929 – October 18, 2019) was a Chilean politician and cardiologist. He was a member of the Christian Democrat Party of Chile (PDC). From 1963 through 1964 and again from 1967 through 1968, he was Mayor of Rancagua. 

He died on October 18, 2019 in Rancagua at the age of 90.

Horace Romano Harré

Horace Romano Harré (; 18 December 1927 – 18 October 2019), known widely as Rom Harré, was a New Zealand-born British philosopher and psychologist. 

He taught mathematics at King's College, Auckland (1948–53) and the University of Punjab in Lahore, Pakistan (1953–4). From 2009 until 2011 he was Director Centre for Philosophy of Natural and Social Science at the London School of Economics.

His written works were about philosophy of mathematics, philosophy of science, ontology, psychology, social psychology, sociology and philosophy.

Mark Hurd

Mark Vincent Hurd (January 1, 1957 – October 18, 2019) was an American businessman. He was co-CEO and a member of the board of directors of Oracle Corporation. He was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and president of Hewlett-Packard, before resigning in 2010.

He was also on the Board of Directors of Globality and was a member of the Technology CEO Council and board of directors of News Corporation until 2010.

In September 2019, Hurd went on medical leave for health reasons. Hurd died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 62.

Rui Jordão

Rui Manuel Trindade Jordão (; 9 August 1952 – 18 October 2019) was a Portuguese footballer. He played with Benfica and Sporting for most of his career. He won the Silver Ball award twice, once with each team.

Jordão represented the Portugal national team for 16 years from 1972 through 1989.

Jordão died on 18 October, 2019 while at a hospital in Cascais, Portugal due to heart disease at the age of 67.

Argus (album)

Argus is the third studio album by British rock band Wishbone Ash. It was released on 28 April 1972 on Decca and MCA Records. It is the band’s most popular album and got up to number 3 on the UK Albums Chart in 1972.

Music by Wishbone Ash, lyrics by Martin Turner, except "Time Was" by Ted Turner & Martin Turner, "Leaf and Stream" by Steve Upton.

Music by Wishbone Ash;
Lyrics by Martin Turner.

All songs composed by Wishbone Ash.



Paul Pape

Paul Pape (born July 17, 1952) is an American actor and voice actor known for the role of "Double J" in the 1977 movie "Saturday Night Fever". Post Saturday Night Fever, he has appeared in over 20 movies. He also played a supporting role in the 2008 racing video game "" as Lt. Jack M. Keller.

Pape was born in Rochester, New York.



Ain't Nobody

"Ain't Nobody" is a song by the American soul music group Rufus and singer Chaka Khan. It was released in September 1983 as the lead single from the group's live album, "Stompin' at the Savoy". It was written by David "Hawk" Wolinski and produced by Russ Titelman. It became a signature song for both Rufus and Khan.

The song reached number 22 on the Hot 100 in the US and reached number one on the R&B chart.

Dr. Dolittle 2

Dr. Dolittle 2 is a 2001 American comedy film and a sequel to the 1998 film "Dr. Dolittle". The film again stars Eddie Murphy in the title role of a doctor who can talk to animals, as well as Raven-Symoné as his daughter. It was written by Larry Levin, one of the co-writers of "Dr. Dolittle" and directed by Steve Carr.

OnePlus

OnePlus Technology is a Chinese company who makes smartphones, headphones, and backpacks. OnePlus was made in 2013 by Pete Lau and Carl Pei. Carl Pei left in October of 2020 to "pursue new ventures" and to "take some time to decompress and spend time with his family." OnePlus is owned by BBK Electronics, BBK Electronics also owns Oppo, Vivo, and Realme. OnePlus has a small presence in America with only 0.61% control of the market. In India they have a big presence with 29% control. OnePlus office is in Shenzhen, China.

Oneplus makes new products every year. The popular ones are the cellphone of which are: OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, OnePlus X, OnePlus 3, OnePlus 4, Onplus 5, Oneplus 6, OnePlus 7, and the OnePlus 8. All the phones from OnePlus 3 and on also have diffrent options such as the T option and the Pro option. 
In 2020 OnePlus also made a new cheap product named the OnePlus Nord. They are cellphones for people who want a nice phone but cannot afford to purchase an expensive phone. OnePlus Nord got its first software update. This Software Update started around August 4, 2020, in India. It made the system better. It also made depth sensor effect better, and it was called version 10.5.1.AC01DA. OnePlus sometimes put special colors on the phones like the McLaren Edition.

In 2020 OnePlus made a wearable watch. The first product is the OnePlus Band, a fitness smartwatch. It comes in three colors. It is only available in India.

OnePlus has good charging. Every phone is shipped with an extremely fast charger. OnePlus introduced its wireless charger. It can also charge at the same speed. If it is not made by OnePlus then it will be slower.

OnePlus has its own brand of televisions with three options. The Q series, the Y series, and the U series.

OnePlus was made on 16 December 2013 by former Oppo vice-president Pete Lau and Carl Pei. The company's main goal was to design a smartphone that would balance expensive quality with a lower price, believing that people who buy the phones would "Never Settle" for the lower-quality phones made by other companies. Lau explained that "we will never be different just for the sake of being different. Everything done has to improve the phone. The actual experience in day-to-day use has to get better. The company showed its first phone, the OnePlus One, on 23 April 2014. It intended to capture the market from the Google Nexus series.[10] In December 2014, with the release of the OnePlus One in India exclusively through Amazon, OnePlus also announced plans to establish a presence in the country, with plans to open 25 official walk-in service centers across India. According to market research firm Counterpoint Research, OnePlus topped the Indian premium smartphone market last year with a 33 percent share, beating Samsung Electronics with 26 percent. In the IDC survey, OnePlus ranked third in India's market with more than $500 in the first quarter of this year after Apple and Samsung Electronics. And it ranked second after China's Vivo in the 300-500-dollar market.

Ace Ventura: Pet Detective

Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a comedy movie starring Jim Carrey as Ace Ventura. The movie co-stars Courteney Cox, Tone Loc, Sean Young and former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino and features a cameo appearance from death metal band Cannibal Corpse.

Cormicy

Cormicy is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Gernicourt (Aisne) was merged into Cormicy.


Courjeonnet

Courjeonnet is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

North East, Maryland

North East is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. It is between Philadelphia and Baltimore. The population was 4,085 at the 2020 census.

North East is located at .

China Miéville

China Tom Miéville ( ; born 6 September 1972) is a British urban fantasy fiction author, essayist, comic book writer, socialist political activist and literary critic. He often describes his work as "weird fiction".

Miéville has won many awards, including the Arthur C. Clarke Award (thrice), the British Fantasy Award (twice), Locus Awards for Best Fantasy Novel (four times) and Best Science Fiction Novel and Best Novelette and Best Young Adult Book, as well as the Hugo, Kitschies, and World Fantasy Awards.

Born in Norwich, Miéville was brought up in Willesden and has lived in London since early childhood. He grew up with his sister Jemima and mother Claudia, a translator, writer and teacher. His parents separated soon after his birth. He has said that he "never really knew" his father. They chose his first name, China, from a dictionary, looking for a beautiful name. Because his mother was born in New York City, Miéville is an American and British citizen.

Miéville studied at Oakham School, a co-educational independent school in Oakham, Rutland, for two years. At the age of eighteen, in 1990, he taught English for a year in Egypt, where he developed an interest in Arab culture and in Middle Eastern politics.

Miéville studied for a BA degree in social anthropology at Clare College, Cambridge. He graduated in 1994. He next earned a master's degree and then a PhD in international relations from the London School of Economics in 2001. Miéville has also held a Frank Knox fellowship at Harvard University. After becoming dissatisfied with the ability of post-modern theories to explain history and political events, he became a Marxist at university. A book version of his PhD thesis, "Between Equal Rights: A Marxist Theory of International Law", was published in the UK in 2005 by Brill in their "Historical Materialism" series, and in the United States in 2006 by Haymarket Books.
Miéville has been a member of the International Socialist Organization (US) and, until 13 March 2013, was also a member of the Socialist Workers Party (UK). He stood for the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in the 2001 general election as a candidate for the Socialist Alliance. He did not win. He got 459 votes, or 1.2%, in Regent's Park and Kensington North, a Labour constituency.











Giants in the Trees

Giants in the Trees are an American rock band formed in Wahkiakum County, Washington in 2017. It was founded by former Nirvana bass player Krist Novoselic.


Preamble to the Constitution of India

The Preamble to the Constitution of India is a preliminary statement or introduction. It guides the people of the nation and presents the principles of the constitution. The hopes and aspirations of the people are drawn in it. The preamble can be related to the introduction which highlights the entire constitution.

The Indian preamble states that - "Preamble declares India to be a sovereign, socialist, secular and democratic republic. ... The objectives stated by the preamble are to secure justice, liberty, equality to all citizens and promote fraternity to maintain unity and integrity of the nation".

It was approved on 26 November 1949 by the Constituent Assembly and came into effect on 26 January 1950, celebrated as the Republic day in India.

The Preamble is based on “Objective Resolution”, of Nehru. Jawaharlal Nehru proposed an objective resolution and that is when Dr BR Ambedkar designed the text of the constitution and preamble.

The objectives of the preamble are explained in brief here. For a word by word explanation of the preamble, refer to this.

Aport

Aport is a variety of apple that is grown in Russia and some other countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States. It is over 150 years old. After being brought to the Alatau Mountain area of Kazakhstan in the latter half of the nineteenth century, it was modified to its current state due to the different soil and altitude. The apples weigh between 200 and 500 grams. The skin is a light green and red color. The meat has a crisp, medium density. The apples are sweet. The aport is a fall-ripening fruit.

The aport apple is a symbol of the city of Almaty.


Skipjack tuna

The skipjack tuna ("Katsuwonus pelamis") is a fish in the tuna family.


Narayanganj

Narayanganj is a city in central Bangladesh. The Port of Narayanganj is an important shipping and industrial center. It is also a center of business and industry, especially making and selling jute and the textiles. It is nicknamed the Dundee of Bangladesh because of its many jute mills.


4S Ranch, California

4S Ranch is an unincorporated community of San Diego County in California.


Ansel, California

Ansel is an unincorporated county in Kern County, California, in the United States. It has an elevation of 2,516 feet (767 m).

Kemetism

Kemetism (also called Kemeticism, Neterism, or Egyptian neopaganism) is a new religious movement that wants to revive the Ancient Egyptian religion. The movement started in the 1970s; most of its followers live in the United States, in France or in the Czech Republic.

Dennis Trident 2

The Dennis Trident 2 is a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus chassis, It was built in 1999 by Dennis and then TransBus International and then Alexander Dennis.

It was available with Alexander ALX400, Plaxton President and East Lancs Lolyne/Myllennium Lolyne bodywork.

In 2005, Alexander Dennis made a new version of Trident 2 chassis for its Enviro400 double-decker called the Enviro400 chassis, the name "Trident 2" continued to be used 

The new version of Trident 2 chassis was also available with Darwen/Optare Olympus bodywork, the first example was delivered to CT Plus of London in 2008.

In 2008, Alexander Dennis launched the hybrid-electric powered version of Trident 2 for the Alexander Dennis Enviro400H chassis.


East Lancashire Coachbuilders

East Lancashire Coachbuilders Limited was a builder of bus bodies founded in 1934 in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.

On 17 August 2007, the company went into administration, but was saved and bought out by the Darwen Group. The new company was called Darwen East Lancs.

In 2008, Darwen East Lancs was purchased by Optare.

East Lancs bodies stopped being built and the factory in Blackburn closed in 2012.

East Lancs had many different types of bodywork. They deliberately misspelled names, replacing the letter i with a letter y.








The Kinetec was made in 2006. They are low-floor bodies for MAN chassis. They have the Esteem/Olympus body but with MAN's own Lion's City design front and rear.

Anizy-le-Grand

Anizy-le-Grand is a new commune in the department of Aisne in the region Hauts-de-France in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and is made of the former communes of Anizy-le-Château, Faucoucourt and Lizy.

Wasserbourg

Wasserbourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Mbira

The mbira or kalimba is an African musical instrument.

Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi

The Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi (translation: Deprived Majority Front; VBA) is an Indian political party founded by Prakash Ambedkar on 20 March 2018. The party is based in Maharashtra.

Puppy Bowl

The Puppy Bowl is an annual program on Animal Planet.

It's shown each year on Super Bowl Sunday.

There are two teams Team Ruff and Team Fluff. started in 2005 February 6

Garlic production in China

Garlic production in China is 80% of the world's production. As of 2016, it's the largest production of garlic in the world.

Press (TV series)

Press is a six part mini series on BBCOne and PBS. It is about two rival news papers.

Emma Hwang

Emma Y. Hwang is a scientist from Taiwan and the United States. She was an aquanaut on the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations 5 () crew in June 2003.

Hwang was born in Taiwan on 21 July 1970. She moved with her family to the United States at the age of two. Most of her early education was in Texas.

Hwang received her bachelor’s degree in biomedical engineering at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. Hwang moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan to attend graduate school at the University of Michigan where she earned two master's degrees. One was in biomedical engineering and the other in electrical engineering. While in graduate school, she also became a teacher in the martial arts of Aikido and Iaido.

Hwang joined Wyle Laboratories in September 2001. At first she worked as a scientist in the sensors group. This work included research for monitoring the health of cell cultures on the space shuttle or station. In 2002 she moved to the neurosciences group. This group studies the effects of space flight on astronauts, with a focus on helping them adapt to space and their return to Earth. In 2011, Hwang moved to the Integrated Science & Engineering (ISE) group.

In June 2003, Hwang became an aquanaut in the NASA andNOAA, (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations) project. This was held in Aquarius, the world's only undersea research laboratory. NEEMO 5 was the longest NEEMO mission to that date. The crew lived underwater for fourteen days.


North–South divide in Taiwan

North-South divide in Taiwan is made out of Taiwanese government's long-term over-investment in northern Taiwan that led to imbalance in economic development, political authority, medical access, educational supply, savings, and other kind of inequalities between northern and southern Taiwan. Because of this imbalances, southern Taiwanese often feel they're not fairly treated by the government.

In Taiwan, best schools and educational institutions supported by Taiwanese government are based in northern Taiwan. If you're southern Taiwanese wanting to study deeper, you will need to go to northern Taiwan. If you're an engineer or manager in a company, you will often need to go to northern Taiwan to update your knowledge.

From 1980 to 2000 in Taiwan, money that is paid, usually every month, to an employee was getting higher and higher leading to a tendency that companies moved out of Taiwan.

At the same time, many companies, who were able to earn more and thus pay more to their employees, started to grow in Taiwan. These companies made higher-value-added products and offered jobs needing college education not the kind of work that needs physical skills or strength in the past. Because Taiwan's higher educational institutions were near Taipei City, Taiwan, these "new companies" liked to go to northern Taiwan to run businesses.

Before 1980, Taiwan's main industries were farming, fishing, light industries and heavy industries. . Thanks to Japanese's policy that equally distributed resources for economic development, southern Taiwanese could find a job near their home in that time and even in the early time of the governance by KMT who succeeded Japanese to rule Taiwan since 1945. 

Since Taiwanese government invests everything in northern Taiwan, southern Taiwanese have had to go away from their home in southern Taiwan to northern Taiwan to find jobs. 

More and more Taiwanese move to northern Taiwan. However, northern Taiwan just has a little plain in the need of buildings. As a result, the price tags for people from southern Taiwan to buy a house in northern Taiwan to live become very expensive. 

Because of the expensive housing price, people in northern Taiwan have no choice but cut their desire to have babies. At the same time, southern Taiwanese don't have enough money to own a baby. So southern Taiwanese cut their desire to have babies, too. These lead to very low birth rate in Taiwan. After many southern Taiwanese moved to northern Taiwan, because they didn't own a house in northern Taiwan and were new to the environment, these movers' pockets generally not deep enough to pay a new house to start a family.

These lead to very low birth rate in Taiwan. Taiwan is one of the countries with the lowest brith rates in the world.

In southern Taiwan, the Skipped Generation Families/Grand-parenting Families are very often seen. In that, because many young children's parents have left to northern Taiwan to work. In the end, grand-parents become these young children's "real parents".

Gilberto Aceves Navarro

Gilberto Aceves Navarro (September 24, 1931 – October 21, 2019) was a Mexican painter and sculptor. He was a professor at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas and Academy of San Carlos.

He had over 200 individual exhibits of his work with his murals found in Mexico, Japan and the United States. He received many awards for his work including grants as a Creador Artístico of the Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte, Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes and Bellas Artes Medal from the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes.

Aceves Navarro died in Mexico City from lung disease at the age of 88.

Frankie Banali

Frankie Banali (November 14, 1951 – August 20, 2020) was an American rock drummer. He was best known for his work with multi-platinum heavy metal band Quiet Riot and was the only member remaining from the band's classic lineup. 

He was the band's manager since 1994. He played drums in the heavy metal band W.A.S.P., as well as with Billy Idol. Banali was briefly a touring drummer for Faster Pussycat and Steppenwolf.

In October 2019, Banali was diagnosed with stage-V pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease in Los Angeles on August 20, 2020 at the age of 68.

2019–2022 Chilean protests

Many civil protests against poverty are taking place in several cities in Chile. The protests began in the capital Santiago as a campaign by secondary school students to avoid paying the Metro de Santiago subway in response to recent price hikes, leading to multiple takeovers of the city's main train stations. 

This had led to open confrontations with the national police (Carabineros). 

On 18 October, the situation escalated as organized bands of protesters rose in rebellion across the city, taking control of many terminals of the Santiago Metro network (part of "Red") and disabling them with extensive infrastructure damage. The Metro network was disabled in its entirety.

On 18 October, President of Chile Sebastián Piñera announced a state of emergency, sending Chilean Army forces across the main regions to enforce order and crack down on the destruction of public property because of privatization.

A curfew was declared on 19 October in the Greater Santiago area, for the first time since 1987, at the end of the Pinochet dictatorship.

Billy Idol

William Michael Albert Broad (born 30 November 1955), known professionally as Billy Idol, is an English rock musician and singer-songwriter. He became famous in the 1970s as a member of Generation X. He later began a solo career which led to international fame and made Idol a lead artist during the MTV-driven "Second British Invasion" in the United States.

Idol's second studio album, "Rebel Yell" (1983), was a major commercial success, featuring hit singles "Rebel Yell" and "Eyes Without a Face". In 1986, he released "Whiplash Smile". Idol then released two studio albums, "Charmed Life" (1990) and the concept album "Cyberpunk" (1993).

Taras Kutovy

Taras Viktorovych Kutovy (; 25 February 1976 – 21 October 2019) was a Ukrainian economist and politician. He was born in Kiev. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2012 through 2014. He was Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food from 2016 through 2018.

Kutovy was killed in a helicopter crash on 21 October 2019 in Poltava Oblast at the age of 43.

Huang Yong Ping

Huáng Yǒng Pīng (; 18 February 1954 – 20 October 2019) was a Chinese-French contemporary artist and one of the most famous Chinese Avant-garde artists. He was born in Xiamen, China. He was seen as the most controversial artist of the Chinese art scene in the 1980s.

In 1999, Huang represented France in the Venice Biennale. In 2016, his piece "Empires" was selected for the Monumenta biennial exposition at the Grand Palais in Paris. 

Huang died in Paris, aged 65, on 20 October 2019. The cause of death was a cerebral hemorrhage.

Juan González (journalist)

Juan González (born October 15, 1947) is an American progressive broadcast journalist and investigative reporter. He was also a columnist for the New York "Daily News" from 1987 to 2016. He co-hosts the radio and television program "Democracy Now!" with Amy Goodman.

Amy Goodman

Amy Goodman (born April 13, 1957) is an American broadcast journalist, columnist, investigative reporter, and author. Since 1996, she has been the main host of "Democracy Now!".

Bay Shore, New York

Bay Shore is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Islip, Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 29,244 at the time of the 2020 census.

Eric Cooper

Eric Richard Cooper (December 18, 1966 – October 20, 2019) was an American professional baseball umpire. He was born in Des Moines, Iowa. His Major League Baseball (MLB) career spanned 1999 until his death in October of 2019. He wore umpire uniform number 56. Cooper officiated in ten Division Series, four League Championship Series, three Wild Card Games, one All-Star Game, and one World Series. 

Cooper died at his father's home in Iowa on October 20, 2019 from a blood clot caused by knee surgery at the age of 52.

Wordsworth House

Wordsworth House is a Georgian townhouse in Cockermouth, Cumbria, England. It is owned by the National Trust.

It was built in the mid-18th century. William Wordsworth was born in the house in 1770. The house is a Grade I listed building. It is open to the public as a museum from March to October of each year.

In November 2009, Cumbria was hit by flooding. Wordsworth House was affected, but volunteers were able to save many of the artifacts.


Vyda Ragulskienė

Vyda Kęsgailaitė-Ragulskienė was a Lithuanian scientist, inventor, and professor. She was the first woman to attain habilitation in engineering in Lithuania.

Ragulskienė was born in 1931 in the village of Dapšiai, Lithuania. In 1955, she graduated from Kaunas Polytechnical Institute. She then became a research associate at the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences until 1967. From 1967 to 1993 she worked at Kaunas Polytechnical Institute.

She was married to engineer Kazimieras Ragulskis.

In 1965, she wrote her thesis in engineering, and was granted a doctorate. Then in 1973 she was given the title "doctor of sciences" (habilitated doctor). In 1977 she became a professor of sciences. She wrote part of six research monographs (a type of research paper). She also wrote about two hundred research papers and was granted 97 patents. For her research work she was awarded the State Prize of the Lithuanian SSR (Soviet Union) in 1983. Ragulskienė was also a consultant for others on more than fifty thesis papers.

Her research made known and explained new details of "non-linear vibro-impact systems". To arrive at her results, she used experiments as well as computer analysis. She then shared the results in her research papers. She was also able to put the results of this research into use with new inventions, for which she obtained patents.

She translated "Samogitia: The Unknown in History from English" from English into Lithuanian. She helped collect data for the encyclopedia "The Officers of the Lithuanian Armed Forces 1918–1953". She also wrote about the history of her native village of Dapšiai.


Specific

John Briggs

John V. Briggs (March 8, 1930 – April 15, 2020) was an American politician who was the California State Assembly and the California State Senate. He was perhaps best known for sponsoring Proposition 6 in 1978, also known as the Briggs Initiative, a failed measure which attempted to remove all gay or lesbian school employees or their supporters from their jobs.

Briggs died on April 15, 2020 in Placerville, California at the age of 90.

Anita Bryant

Anita Jane Bryant (born March 25, 1940) is an American singer and anti-gay rights activist. She scored four Top 40 hits in the United States in the late 1950s and early 1960s, including "Paper Roses". She was also a former Miss Oklahoma beauty pageant winner.

In the 1970s, Bryant became known as an outspoken critic of gay rights in the U.S. In 1977, she ran the "Save Our Children" campaign to repeal a local ordinance in Dade County, Florida which prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Her involvement with the campaign was condemned by gay rights activists.

Yitzchok Scheiner

Rabbi Yitzchok Scheiner (November 5, 1922 – January 31, 2021) was an American-born Israeli rabbi. He was the "rosh yeshiva" of the Kamenitz yeshiva of Jerusalem. In the 1990s, he became a member of the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah of Degel HaTorah.

Scheiner died on January 31, 2021 from COVID-19 in Jerusalem, aged 98.

Chaim Kanievsky

Shmaryahu Yosef Chaim Kanievsky (January 8, 1928 – March 18, 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli rabbi and "posek". He was born in Pinsk, Second Polish Republic, but his career was set in Bnei Brak, Israel. Kanievsky was thought to be a leading authority in Haredi Jewish society.

Kanievsky had a heart attack at his home in Bnei Brak on March 18, 2022. He died a few hours later at the age of 94.

Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi

Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi (27 March 1929 – 26 October 2023) is an Israeli rabbi. He is the Rosh Yeshiva of Ateres Yisrael in Bayit Vegan in Jerusalem, and a member of the Degel Hatorah Moetzas Gedolei Yisrael.
Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi died on 26 October 2023, at the age of 94.

Nissim Karelitz

Rabbi Shmaryahu Yosef Nissim Karelitz (; 19 July 1926 – October 21 2019) Was a Lithuanian-born Israeli rabbi. He was the chairman of the "beis din tzedek" (rabbinical court) of Bnei Brak. He was born in Vilnius, Lithuania.

He was one of the most highly respected Orthodox rabbis in the world and one of the most important leaders of the Haredi world. He was also a member of the "Vaad Halacha" (Jewish legal council) of the Maayanei Hayeshua Hospital of Bnei Brak and the av beis din of the Bnei Brak neighborhood of Ramat Aharon.

In April 2019, Karelitz was hospitalized for low blood pressure and an infection. 

On 6 October 2019, Karelitz was hospitalized for heart and respiratory failure.

Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland

Prince Daniel of Sweden, Duke of Västergötland (born Olof Daniel Westling on 15 September 1973), is the husband of Crown Princess Victoria. 

Prince Daniel was born in Orebro University Hospital in Orebro, He was a personal trainer and gym owner and ran a company called Balance Training with three gyms in central Stockholm.

Prince Daniel was married with Princess Victoria of Sweden on 19 June 2010, They have two children with their marriage, 

Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland and Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne also born at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna.

19 June 2010 His Royal Highness Prince Daniel of Sweden, The Duke of Vastergotland
















Bengt Feldreich

Bengt Walter Feldreich (12 September 1925 – 21 October 2019) was a Swedish radio and television journalist, producer and television presenter. He worked for public service between 1950 until 1985. He produced and hosted the show "Snillen spekulerar" on SVT, the annual Christmas Eve broadcasts from the same channel. He was born in Stockholm.

Feldreich died on 21 October 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 94, from pneumonia.

Mike Reilly (1960s linebacker)

Mike Reilly (March 27, 1942 – October 18, 2019) was a professional American football player. He played linebacker for six seasons for the Chicago Bears and Minnesota Vikings. He was born in Dubuque, Iowa.

Reilly died on October 18, 2019 in Dubuque at the age of 77.

Dan Brouillette

Dan R. Brouillette (born August 18, 1962) is an American businessman. He was the 15th United States Secretary of Energy from December 3, 2019 to January 20, 2021. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of Energy from August 2017 through December 2019. After being nominated for the position by President Donald Trump, Brouillette was confirmed by a 79–17 vote of the United States Senate on August 3, 2017.

On October 18, 2019, he was announced as President Trump's choice to replace Rick Perry as Secretary of Energy. On December 2, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination by a 70–15 vote.

Biochar

Biochar is a type of charcoal added to soil that acts as plant food, or fertilizer. Biochar is made by heating biomass like wood in an oven to very high temperatures. This removes all of the water and easy to burn material from the biomass leaving only carbon. The final result is fragile and dark black charcoal.

Biochar is made from organic material known as biomass. Biomass is mostly made from carbon. Carbon in biomass is captured from carbon dioxide in the air by plants. This means that when biochar is made carbon that was once in the air is made into a solid material. Biochar can last a very long time in soil and even longer in containers.

Some people propose making biochar to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.<ref name="DOI10.1038/ncomms1053">

</ref> Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that traps heat in the atmosphere, causing climate change. If a lot of biochar were made then there would be less carbon dioxide in the air, meaning less heat would be trapped. This is known as a carbon sink, because the carbon is sunk or put into a long lasting material instead of floating in the air.

When biochar is made the biomass it is made from has most of its material removed. This means that biochar is very light and filled with tiny holes. These holes can hold water and nutrients which act as food for plants growing in biochar. Biochar can be soaked in nutrients to "charge" it which makes it a very good soil additive or fertilizer. The holes in biochar can also trap toxins which make water unsafe.

Biochar was used by people in the Amazon to make their poor quality soil better for growing food. This made the soil very dark and the dark soil can still be seen today.

In some rainforest places the forests are cleared for farming. When the forests are cleared they are usually cut down and burned. This process is called slash-and-burn and doesn't leave very many nutrients in the soil. If the forests were cleared and turned into biochar rather than burned the soil would have more nutrients. This is known as slash-and-char and would make the soil better for farming.

Biochar can be mixed with molasses for use as animal food. The biochar helps digestion and reduces the amount of methane produced by cows. Feces from animals that eat biochar is a high quality fertilizer.

Biochar is mainly sold by fertilizer companies to people who grow plants. This may change. There are many tons of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere which is causing climate change. Many countries have agreed that this is a problem. In the future it may cost money to release carbon dioxide. If people who remove carbon dioxide are paid then there could be businesses which remove carbon dioxide for money. One way a business like that could remove carbon dioxide is by growing plants and turning them into biochar. This removes a large amount of carbon dioxide and could be very profitable in the future.

A Perfect Couple

A Perfect Couple is a 1979 romantic–comedy movie co-written and directed by Robert Altman and starring Paul Dooley, Marta Heflin, Titos Vandis, Belita Moreno, Dennis Franz and Joel Crothers. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bab Mansour

Bab Mansur al-'Alj or Bab Mansour (also variously spelled as Bab Mansour al-'Ilj, Bab Mansour al-Eulj, Bab el-Mansour, Bab Mansur, etc) (also known as Bab Mansour Laleuj) is the main gate of the Old Town of Meknes in Morocco. It is one of the largest and most impressive gates in the country. Together with the "outer square (El Hedim Square)", it is considered the country's business card. The gate is located in front of El Hedim Square which is considered to be the most popular square in Morocco.

The gate structure was completed in 1732 by Mulay Abdullah who was the son of Sultan Mulay Ismail. The gate marks the main entrance of the imperial palace built for Isla Mulay and the ancient city of Meknes. 

The door was designed by a Christian who converted to Islam whose name was "Mansur". Hence the gate's name: "Mansur Gate". The gate structure has been part of the Meknes protected heritage since 1914 and since 1996 has been used as a World Heritage Site along with the Old Town of Meknes.

The gate structure separates the outer square called Al-Hadim Square. It is adjacent to the Old City wall of Meknes, from the inner square called Lela Awda Square. It served as the "Royal Order Ground". Next to the gate within the walls are the Royal Order Stables, the Royal Prison, and the Meknes City Museum. It is decorated with green ceramics designed with Islamic motifs. The white pillars are columns that used to stand in the Roman city: "Volibilis", which is about 30 km north of the city.

Content management

Content management (CM) is a set of processes and technologies that supports the collection, managing, and publishing of information in any form or medium. 

When stored and accessed via computers, this information may be more referred to as content.

Alfa Romeo RL

Alfa Romeo RL (1922–27) was an Italian car made by Alfa Romeo in Milano. 

It was designed by Giuseppe Merosi. They made around 2,600 of these cars in total.

The RL Normale (RLN) was a family car, also called 21/70. The engine had 6 cylinders and measured 3 liters volume. In 1926 it changed name to RL Touring (RLT) and 22/70.

The RL Sport (RLS) was a light car that was a foot shorter, so it saved weight. It also had a bigger engine. They made around 500 of these. It changed name to RL Super Sport (RLSS) and 22/90, and was even faster.

This was even shorter than the RL Short and won the Targa Florio race on Sicilia in 1923. They called it RL Targa Florio (RLTF) and less than 10 were made.

Salvador Giner

Giner died on 19 October 2019 in Barcelona at the age of 85.



György Kurtág

György Kurtág (; born 19 February 1926) is a Hungarian classical composer and pianist. He was born in Lugoj, Hungary. He was an academic teacher of piano at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music from 1967, later also of chamber music, and taught until 1993.

In 1947, he married pianist Márta Kurtág. She died in October 2019.

Márta Kurtág

Márta Kurtág (), "née" Márta Kinsker, often Marta Kurtag; 1 October 1927 − 17 October 2019) was a Hungarian classical pianist and academic piano teacher. In 1947, she married composer György Kurtág. They often played from his collection "Játékok", which they also recorded.

Kurtág died on 17 October 2019, just a week after her 92nd birthday.

Hans Grosheide

Johan Hendrik "Hans" Grosheide (6 August 1930 – 18 December 2022) was a Dutch politician.

Grosheide worked as a teacher and education administrator for Protestant Reformed special schools from November 1954 until September 1963.

After the election of 1963 Grosheide was appointed as State Secretary for Education, Arts and Sciences, taking office on 3 September 1963 until the .

He was State Secretary for Education and Sciences, taking office on 14 April 1965.


Tjerk Westerterp

Theodorus Engelbertus "Tjerk" Westerterp (born 2 December 1930) is a Dutch politician. He was a diplomat of the defunct Catholic People's Party (KVP) now merged into the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. He is also a businessman.

Westerterp became a Member of the House of Representatives after Gerard Veldkamp was appointed as Minister of Social Affairs and Health.

After the election of 1971 Westerterp was appointed as State Secretary for Foreign Affairs, taking office on 17 August 1971.

Til Gardeniers-Berendsen

Mathilde Hubertine Maria Francisca "Til" Gardeniers-Berendsen (18 February 1925 – 22 October 2019) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the defunct Catholic People's Party (KVP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. She was also a nonprofit director.

Gardeniers-Berendsen was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1971, taking office on 11 May 1971. In 1977, Gardeniers-Berendsen was appointed as Minister of Culture, Recreation and Social Work on 19 December 1977.

After the election of 1981 Gardeniers-Berendsen returned as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 10 June 1981. In 1981, Gardeniers-Berendsen was appointed Minister of Health and Environment, taking office on 11 September 1981.

Gardeniers-Berendsen died in Rotterdam, Netherlands on 22 October 2019 at the age of 94.


Els Veder-Smit

Elizabeth "Els" Veder-Smit (29 August 1921 – 26 August 2020) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and nonprofit director. She was the oldest living former cabinet member at the time of her death.

Veder-Smith was Secretary State for Health and Environment from 1978 through 1981.

Veder-Smith died at her home in Rotterdam on 26 August 2020 at the age of 98.

Michel van Hulten

Michael Henricus Maria "Michel" van Hulten (born 9 March 1930) is a retired Dutch politician. 

On behalf of the Political Party of Radicals (PPR) he was a member of the Dutch parliament and deputy minister of Transport in Joop den Uyl's cabinet.

Michel van Hulten was born in Batavia and is the father of former MEP Michiel van Hulten.


Arie Pais

Aäron "Arie" Pais (born 16 April 1930 in The Hague) is a retired Dutch politician of Jewish descent. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He was a Member of the Senate in 1977 and again from 1981 through 1982. He also was Minister of Education and Sciences from 1977 through 1981.

Pais also was a member of the municipal council of Amsterdam and of the provincial states of North Holland.

Before his political career he was a economics professor at the University of Amsterdam, and afterwards a banker at the European Investment Bank.

Pais is a vegetarian and an animal protection activist.


Pieter Beelaerts van Blokland

Jonkheer Pieter Adriaan Cornelis Beelaerts van Blokland (8 December 1932 – 22 September 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

He was Minister of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment from 1977 to 1981. In 1981, he was an MP. Beelaerts van Blokland was mayor of Wolphaartsdijk, Vianen, Amstelveen, Apeldoorn, and Hengelo. He was also Queen's Commissioner of the Province of Utrecht from 1985 to 1998.


Targa Florio

Targa Florio (1906–77) was a road race for automobiles. It was on the island of Sicily in the south of Italy.

The distance in 1906 was 446 kilometers on narrow and dusty mountain roads. They started and ended near the city of Palermo.

It closed in 1977 after an accident where two people lost their lives.

Wim van Eekelen

Willem Frederik "Wim" van Eekelen (born 5 February 1931) is a retired Dutch politician and diplomat. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He also is a political scientist.

Louw de Graaf

Louw de Graaf (12 April 1930 – 15 July 2020) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the defunct Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party and trade union leader.

De Graaf worked as a trade Union leader for the National Christian Trade Unions Federation from 1955 until 1977 and served as General-Secretary from 1970 until 1977. 

After the election of 1977 De Graaf was appointed as State Secretary for Social Affairs, taking office on 28 December 1977. 

De Graaf was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1981, taking office on 10 June 1981.

De Graaf died on 15 July 2020, aged 90.

Ed van Thijn

Eduard "Ed" van Thijn (; 16 August 1934 – 19 December 2021) was a Dutch politician of Jewish descent. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He also was a historian. After the election of 1981 Van Thijn was appointed as Minister of the Interior, taking office on 11 September 1981. In May 1983 Van Thijn was nominated as the next Mayor of Amsterdam.

In January 1994, Van Thijn became Minister of the Interior again from 18 January 1994 until 27 May 1994, when he resigned following the "IRT-affair". He later was a Senator from 8 June 1999 until 12 June 2007.

Van Thijn died on 19 December 2021 in Amsterdam from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 87.

Erwin Nypels

Erwin Nypels (born 1 August 1933) is a Dutch politician. He was born in Bloemendaal, North Holland. He was the Minister of Housing and Spatial Planning in 1982.

Nypels was a member of Democrats 66.

Shor's algorithm

Shor's algorithm is a quantum algorithmic computing process for cryptography. Basically, it solves the following problem: Given an integer formula_1, find its prime factors.

Its effectiveness may eventually undermine the security of the important RSA encryption device.

Cawker City, Kansas

Cawker City is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 457 people lived there. The city is along the north shore of Waconda Lake and Glen Elder State Park.

The largest ball of twine in the world is in Cawker City.

Cawker City was created in 1870. It was named after Colonel E. H. Cawker because he won a game of poker. Cawker City was incorporated as a city in 1874. The first post office in Cawker City was created in June 1870.

Cawker City is at (39.509511, -98.433107). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The city is along the north shore of Waconda Lake.

The 2020 census says that there were 457 people, 215 households, and 110 families living in Cawker City. Of the households, 70.7% owned their home and 29.3% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 96.3% were White, 0.2% were Black, and 3.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 469 people, 244 households, and 132 families living in Cawker City.

In 2017, a Dollar General store was built. This gave residents a nearby shopping place for food.


Yates Center, Kansas

Yates Center is a city in Woodson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Woodson County. In 2020, 1,352 people lived there.

Yates Center was created in August 1875. It was named for Abner Yates, the original owner of the town site. She donated an entire block around the courthouse, land for the churches, a city park, and a lot each for the first two children born in the town. Yates Center is the only town in Kansas to be chosen as a county seat before there was a house or person in its boundaries.

More than thirty buildings in downtown Yates Center are included in the Yates Center Courthouse Square Historic District.

Yates Center is at (37.879948, -95.734522). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,352 people, 590 households, and 327 families living in Yates Center. Of the households, 73.4% owned their home and 26.6% rented their home.

The median age was 44.5 years. Of the people, 92.8% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,417 people, 664 households, and 347 families living in Yates Center.

Yates Center is served by USD 366 Woodson School District.


Chhotu Ram

Chhotu Ram, or Sir Chotu Ram, born Ram Richpal (24 November 1881 – 9 January 1945) was a politician in British India's Punjab Province. He was a co-founder of National Unionist party that represented the punjab zamindar and farmers. 

He was born in Sampla village in Rohtak.

He was also awarded the title of Rao bahadur, which was a title of honour bestowed during British rule in India to individuals for their service to the Empire.

De vogels van Holland

"De vogels van Holland" (, in English: "The birds of Holland") is a song by Dutch singer Jetty Paerl. Annie M. G. Schmidt and Cor Lemaire wrote it. It represented Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

"De vogels van Holland" participated in the "Nationaal Songfestival 1956", a national final organized by Dutch broadcaster Nederlandse Televisie Stichting (NTS) in 1956. It was held in the AVRO TV studios in Hilversum on 24 April 1956.

Jetty Pearl performed the song after Corry Brokken with "Ik zei ja" and before Bert Visser with "Gina mia". People sent their votes through postcard. NTS announced the voting results on 5 May. "De vogels van Holland" placed 2nd with 1530 points. For that reason, NTS sent it to represent Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956. They sent the winning song, "Voorgoed voorbij", too.

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Teatro Kursaal in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Jetty Paerl performed it. Fernando Paggi conducted the orchestra.

It was performed first, before Switzerland's Lys Assia with "Das alte Karussell". The song position is not known because the voting results were not revealed.


Piet Bukman

Pieter "Piet" Bukman (7 February 1934 – 16 March 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. He also was an economist.

Bukman was president of the European People's Party from July 1985 until July 1987. After the election of 1986 Bukman was appointed as minister for Development Cooperation, which ended in 1989. Afterwards he was minister of Agriculture from 1990 until 1994 and speaker of the House of Representatives from 1996 until 1998.

Bukman died in Voorschoten at the age of 88.

Frits Korthals Altes

Frederik "Frits" Korthals Altes (born 15 May 1931) is a retired Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He became Minister of State on 26 October 2001.

Altes was Chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy from 15 March 1975 until 22 May 1981. He was elected as a Member of the Senate, taking office on 10 June 1981. After the election of 1982, Altes was appointed as Minister of Justice, taking office on 4 November 1982.


Lakagigar

Lakagígar is a row of spectacular craters along twenty-five kilometres in the southern Icelandic Highlands. They formed in the eruptions at Lakí in 1784.

The system erupted violently over an eight months between June 1783 and February 1784. Lava came from the Laki fissure and the adjoining volcano Grímsvötn. It poured out an estimated 42 billion tons or of basalt lava and clouds of poisonous hydrofluoric acid and sulfur dioxide compounds. That contaminated the soil, leading to the death of over 50% of Iceland's livestock population, and the destruction of almost all crops. This led to a famine which killed about 25% of the island's human population. The lava flows also destroyed 20 villages.

2112 (disambiguation)

2112 might mean:


Tayberry

A tayberry is a cross between a blackberry and a red raspberry. The genetic cross was patented in 1979.

It is a cultivated shrub in the genus "Rubus" of the family Rosaceae. It was named after the River Tay in Scotland. The fruit is sweeter, much larger, and more aromatic than that of the loganberry. The loganberry is itself a blackberry and red raspberry cross.

The fruit do not pick easily by hand and cannot be machine harvested. They have not become a commercially grown berry crop. This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

Robert Blake (admiral)

Robert Blake (1598 – 17 August 1657) was one of the most important military commanders of the Commonwealth of England and one of the most famous English admirals of the 17th century. Blake is recognised as the chief founder of England's naval supremacy. Its dominance was inherited by the British Royal Navy.

Nasir ud din Mahmud

Nasir ud din Mahmud was the eighth Sultan of the Mamluk Sultanate of Delhi (Slave dynasty). In the year 1246 he became the Sultan and ruled for 20 years. 

Ghiyasuddin Balban was his Prime minister as well as the actual ruler. After the death of Nasiruddin Mahmood in 1266 AD, Balban became the Sultan as Nasir-ud-din.

Mamluk Sultanate

The Mamluk Sultanate (), also known as Mamluk Egypt or the Mamluk Empire, was a state that controlled Egypt, The Levant, and Hejaz from 1250 to 1517. The first sultans (kings) of the Mamluk Sultanate were "mamluks" (slave-soldiers) in the armies of the Ayyubid dynasty. The Mamluk Sultanate was the strongest military power in the central Muslim world. They fended off the Mongols and exterminated the Crusaders in the Holy Land (The Levant). The Mamluk sultans also controlled south-eastern Asia Minor and western Arabia. Most of the sultanate's "mamluks" were Turkic people or Circassians. The Arabic language was the state's and the government's most important language. Most of the sultans carried Arabic names and were heavily Arabized.

Nicola Mancino

Nicola Mancino (born 15 October 1931) is an Italian politician. He was the President of Italian Senate from 1996 to 2001. He was also the president of Campania's regional parliament from 1965 to 1971. He was Governor of Campania from 1971 to 1972 and Minister of the Interior from 1992 to 1994.

Ishmael Levenston

Ishmael Mathew Ameal Levenston (23 July 1940 – 19 October 2019) was a Saban politician. He was the founder of the Saba Labour Party. He was a member of the Saba Island Council from 1975 to 1979 and again from 1983 through 1987.

Levenston died on 19 October 2019 of heart failure at a retirement center in The Bottom, aged 79.

Alexander Volkov (tennis)

Alexander Vladimirovich Volkov (; 3 March 1967 – 19 October 2019) was a Russian professional tennis player. He was born in Kaliningrad, Soviet Union. Volkov won his first top-level professional singles title in 1991 at Milan. At Wimbledon that year, he lost a close match in the fourth round to the eventual tournament champion Michael Stich.

Volkov died on 19 October 2019 in Kalinigrad at the age of 52.

Aila Meriluoto

Aila Meriluoto (10 January 1924 – 21 October 2019) was a Finnish poet, writer and translator. She was born in Pieksämäki, Finland. She became the most celebrated and widely read female poet of post-war Finland. The themes of her poems were art and femininity. In collection "Pahat unet" (1956) some of the poems have a free form. The next collection, "Portaat", came five years later.

In addition to poems, Meriluoto wrote novels, and books for young people. She has translated works by Harry Martinson, Rainer Maria Rilke, Shakespeare and Goethe.

Meriluoto died in a care home in Helsinki on 21 October 2019, aged 95.

Harry Martinson

Harry Martinson (6May 190411February 1978) was a Swedish author, poet and former sailor. In 1949 he was elected into the Swedish Academy. He was awarded a joint Nobel Prize in Literature in 1974 "for writings that catch the dewdrop and reflect the cosmos". 

Martinson killed himself at a Stockholm hospital by cutting his stomach open with a pair of scissors on 11 February 1978.

Eyvind Johnson

Eyvind Johnson (29 July 1900 – 25 August 1976) was a Swedish novelist and short story writer. He became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1957 and shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with Harry Martinson in 1974 with the citation: "for a narrative art, far-seeing in lands and ages, in the service of freedom".

Organizational founder

In terms of a company or organization, a founder refers to the person responsible for starting an entity.

In a company, this is usually the first person to come up with the name, register the business, and take care of the first year of operations.

Santos Juliá

Santos Juliá Díaz (1940–23 October 2019) was a Spanish historian and sociologist. He was born in Ferrol, Spain. He studied at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was professor "emeritus" of Social History and Political Thought at the Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia (UNED). 

Díaz died on 23 October 2019 in Madrid at the age of 79.


Ferrol

Ferrol (In the neighbourhood of Strabo's "Cape Nerium", modern day Cape Prior) (), is a city in the Province of A Coruña in Galicia, on the Atlantic coast in north-western Spain. According to the 2014 census, the city has a population of 70,389.

Michael Flaksman

Michael Flaksman (May 3, 1946 – October 18, 2019) was an American cellist. He was born in Akron, Ohio. He performed widely in recitals, chamber music concerts and with orchestras throughout Europe and in the Far East, as well as conducted master classes in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Poland and Croatia.

He was Honorary President at Italian Cello Consort, a cellist group created by his student and assistant Giovanni Ricciardi.

He died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 73.


Rolando Panerai

Rolando Panerai (17 October 1924 – 23 October 2019) was an Italian baritone. He was born in Campi Bisenzio, near Florence, Italy.

Panerai made his stage debut in 1947 in Naples at the Teatro di San Carlo. Other debuts, both in 1951, were as Simon Boccanegra in "Simon Boccanegra" in Bergamo and as Sharpless in "Madama Butterfly" at La Scala in Milan.

He sang in many rarely performed Verdi operas on radio broadcast for RAI in 1951 (to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Verdi's death), such as "Giovanna d'Arco", "La battaglia di Legnano", and "Aroldo".

Later roles included most of the great Verdi baritone roles, particularly the title character in "Rigoletto", the Count of Luna in "Il trovatore", Giorgio Germont in "La traviata", Marquis of Posa in "Don Carlos",and Amonasro in "Aida".

Panerai died on 23 October 2019 in Florence of a heart attack at the age of 95.

Jo Ann Zimmerman

Jo Ann McIntosh Zimmerman (December 24, 1936 – October 23, 2019) was an American politician. She was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1987 to 1991. Zimmerman was a member of the Democratic Party. She was the first woman to serve in the office of Lieutenant Governor in Iowa history. Zimmerman was born in Keosauqua, Iowa.

Zimmerman died of pulmonary fibrosis-related problems on October 23, 2019 in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 82.


Willie Brown (American football)

William Ferdie Brown (December 2, 1940 – October 21, 2019) was an American professional football player, coach, and executive. He played as a cornerback for the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders in the National Football League (NFL). 

Brown was the head football coach at California State University, Long Beach in 1991, the final season before the school's football program ended. Brown was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1984. At the time of his death he was on the Raiders' administrative staff.

Brown was born in Yazoo City, Mississippi. He studied at Grambling State University. Brown died on October 21, 2019 at his home in Tracy, California at the age of 78.

Tracy, California

Tracy is the second most populated city in San Joaquin County, California, United States. The population was 93,000 at the 2020 census.

Clay Center, Kansas

Clay Center is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Clay County. In 2020, 4,199 people lived there.

Clay Center was created in 1862. It was named "Clay Center" because it was the geographical center of Clay County.

The first post office in Clay Center was built on July 3, 1862.

Clay Center was on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific and Union Pacific Railroads.

Clay Center is at (39.379920, -97.123168). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.< Clay Center is unique, because it is the geographic midpoint between Los Angeles, California and New York City, the two biggest American cities. Both cities are exactly from Clay Center.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,199 people, 1,809 households, and 1,116 families living in Clay Center. Of the households, 69.7% owned their home and 30.3% rented their home.

The median age was 43.9 years. Of the people, 92.6% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.8% were Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 4.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,334 people, 1,920 households, and 1,172 families living in Clay Center.



Manfred Bruns

Manfred Bruns (July 1934 – 22 October 2019) was a German federal attorney and LGBTQ activist. He worked at the Federal Court of Justice of Germany. Until 2016, he was a member of the Board of Directors of the Lesbian and Gay Association (LSVD). Bruns was born in Linz am Rhein, Germany. He was known for his efforts to push for political activity to fight against AIDS in Germany.

Bruns died in Karlsruhe, Germany on 22 October 2019 of liver failure at the age of 85.

Clearwater, Kansas

Clearwater is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 2,653 people lived there.

Clearwater was created in 1870. It was platted as a city in 1872. It was named Clearwater because of the local river named Ninnescah, which translates to "clear water" in English. The first post office in Clearwater was created in 1871. The name of the post office called Clear Water until 1894. The Chisholm Trail went along the east side of the city from 1867 to 1871.

Clearwater is southwest of Wichita, Kansas at (37.505646, -97.501516). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census said that there were 2,653 people, 934 households, and 689 families living in Clearwater. Of the households, 70.3% owned their home and 29.7% rented their home.

The median age was 35.8 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.6% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 2,481 people, 908 households, and 660 families living in Clearwater.

Clearwater has the Clearwater USD 264 public school district.



Raymond Leppard

Raymond John Leppard (11 August 1927 – 22 October 2019) was a British-American conductor, harpsichordist, composer and editor. He was born in London.

In the 1960s, he had an important role in the rebirth of interest in Baroque music. He conducted operas at major international opera houses and festivals, including the Glyndebourne Festival where he led the world premiere of Nicholas Maw's "The Rising of the Moon", the Metropolitan Opera and the Royal Opera House. 

He composed movie scores such as "Lord of the Flies". From 1987 through 2001, Leppard was the Director of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.

Leppard died in Indianapolis, Indiana on 22 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Quenemo, Kansas

Quenemo is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. It is along the Marais des Cygnes River. In 2020, 288 people lived there.

Quenemo was planned out around 1870. Quenemo was the name of a Sac and Fox Indian chief. A fire in 1878 destroyed a lot of the town. Quenemo had a lot of growth in 1884 after the AT&SF railroad was built through it.

Quenemo is at (38.580223, -95.526614). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Quenemo is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 288 people, 125 households, and 81 families living in Quenomo. Of the households, 72.0% owned their home and 28.0% rented their home.

The median age was 46.6 years. Of the people, 93.1% were White, 0.7% were Native American, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 388 people, 139 households, and 90 families living in Quenomo.

Quenemo is a part of USD 456 Marais des Cygnes Valley. The district high school is Marais des Cygnes Valley High School. Their mascot is the Trojans.


2019 Grays incident

In the early hours of 23 October 2019, 39 dead bodies were found in a freight container in Grays, Essex, England. The lorry cab is owned by an Irish company. It had been registered Bulgaria, but had not been there since 2017. It travelled from the Netherlands through Belgium before arriving in the United Kingdom at Purfleet, Essex, from Zeebrugge. 

Investigations are ongoing in regard to how the lorry passed through security at the border.

Investigations were led by the Essex Police, but made international by the end of the day.

The lorry driver is a 25-year-old man from Portadown, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. "The Guardian" reported that there are several photographs of him with the lorry cab involved in the incident on his Facebook page. He was arrested at the scene, on suspicion of murder. He drove it from Purfleet to Grays.

Quinter, Kansas

Quinter is a city in Gove County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 929 people lived there.

The city of Quinter is built at the place of an old railroad switching place called Melota. A town named Familton was built there in 1885, and it had a hotel in it. The U.S. Government would not create a post office under the Familton name because of possible confusion with other names in the state, so another had to be chosen. The name Quinter was chosen. It was named after Rev. James Quinter, a local Baptist Brethren minister.

The city received some small national attention in November 2006 when longtime resident Waldo McBurney, age 104, was said to be the oldest worker in the United States.

Quinter is at (39.066626, -100.234742). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 929 people, 378 households, and 238 families living in Quinter. Of the households, 66.9% owned their home and 33.1% rented their home.

The median age was 43.4 years. Of the people, 92.0% were White, 1.2% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.8% were from some other race, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 918 people, 374 households, and 251 families living in Quinter.



Marieke Vervoort

Marieke Vervoort (10 May 1979 – 22 October 2019) was a Belgian Paralympic athlete. She suffered from an incurable, degenerative muscle disease. In the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Vervoort won a gold and silver medal. In the 2016 Summer Paralympics, she won a silver and bronze medal. 

She won several medals at Paralympics, she received world attention in 2016 when she revealed that she supported euthanasia. She was born in Diest, Belgium.

Vervoort ended her life through euthanasia on 22 October 2019 at the age of 40.

Degenerative disease

Degenerative disease is the result of a continuous process based on degenerative cell changes, affecting tissues or organs, which will increasingly deteriorate over time.

In neurodegenerative diseases cells of the central nervous system stop working or die via neurodegeneration. An example of this is Alzheimer's disease. 

Miguel Saiz

Miguel Saiz (May 17, 1949 – October 22, 2019) was an Uruguayan-born Argentine politician. He was born in Montevideo. He was a member of the Radical Civic Union (UCR). He was the Governor of Río Negro Province from 2003 until 2011.

Saiz died at a Buenos Aires hospital on October 22, 2019 from heart failure at the age of 70.

Zenda, Kansas

Zenda is a city in Kingman County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 90 people lived there.

Zenda was named after the novel "The Prisoner of Zenda".

Zenda is at (37.444077, -98.281996). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 72 people, 33 households, and 20 families living in Zenda. Of the households, 81.8% owned their home and 18.2% rented their home.

The median age was 56.8 years. Of the people, 95.8% were White and 4.2% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 90 people, 44 households, and 24 families living in Zenda.

Nashville is a part of USD 332 Cunningham-West Kingman County. The Cunningham High School mascot is Cunningham Wildcats.


Udall, Kansas

Udall is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 661 people lived there.

The first post office in Udall was built in September 1879. J.M. Napier and P.W. Smith Bought a ten-acre area of land from I.N Nelson in 1879. Udall was planned out in 1881 by Napier and Smith. It was named after English author Cornelius Udall.

On May 25, 1955, the deadliest tornado to ever hit Kansas hit Udall at 10:35 p.m. The town was destroyed by an wide F5 tornado. Every building within the city limits was hit, including the grain elevator, water tower, old grade school, new high school, city hall, three churches. The water tower had been knocked over and the streets were flooded. Vehicles were thrown hundreds of yards and destroyed. 77 people died. 270 people were injured. 192 buildings (170 homes) were destroyed. Around 50% of families had one or more members of their families who died in the tornado.

Before hitting Udall, there were no warnings issued by the Weather Bureau. Unknown to them, the same tornado-producing thunderstorm had just hit the city of Blackwell, Oklahoma, where 20 people died and 250 were injured.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 661 people, 263 households, and 177 families living in Udall. Of the households, 69.2% owned their home and 30.8% rented their home.

The median age was 38.1 years. Of the people, 88.2% were White, 3.2% were Native American, 0.5% were Pacific Islanders, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.2% were from some other race, and 6.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 746 people, 289 households, and 203 families living in Udall.

Udall is part of Udall USD 463 public school district.



Uniontown, Kansas

Uniontown is a city in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 293 people lived there.

A post office was created in 1856 about two miles east of the town. Uniontown was moved to its current place around 1865. The early settlers were loyal to the Union in the Civil War. The city was named after the Union. Throughout the twentieth century the town was served by the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Uniontown is at (37.847198, -94.975688). It is along the Marmaton River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 293 people, 107 households, and 68 families living in Uniontown. Of the households, 79.4% owned their home and 20.6% rented their home.

The median age was 31.1 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 2.0% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, and 5.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 272 people, 120 households, and 66 families living in Uniontown.


Utica, Kansas

Utica is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 99 people lived there.

The first post office in Utica was created in 1879.

Utica was named by early pioneer C.W. Bell. He was from Utica, New York, so he named it after that city.

Utica is at (38.642705, -100.169767). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 99 people, 65 households, and 31 families living in Utica. Of the households, 95.4% owned their home and 4.6% rented their home.

The median age was 59.3 years. Of the people, 99.0% were White and 1.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 158 people, 78 households, and 42 families living in Utica.


Waldo, Kansas

Waldo is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 30.

The Union Town Company created the town of Waldo on October 1, 1888. This is because they got 280 acres of land on a line of the Union Pacific Railroad. The community grew, having about 300 people by 1915. A small business community, including a bank, stores, and three grain elevators, developed during the 1900s. The town was an agricultural shipping and receiving point for the area around it. Waldo incorporated as a city in May 1911.

Since the 1930s, the number of people in Waldo starting decreasing. Waldo High School closed in 1964, and Waldo Grade School closed in 1979. In 1993, Union Pacific left its rail line through Waldo, ending rail service to the city.

Waldo is at (39.120162, -98.797863). It has an elevation of 1,713 feet (522 m). The city is on U.S. Route 281 in north-central Kansas. It is northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and north-northeast of Russell.

It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Waldo is on the east bank of the West Fork of Wolf Creek, part of the Saline River watershed.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 30 people, 18 households, and 11 families living in Waldo.

The 2010 census says that there were 30 people, 15 households, and 7 families living in Waldo.

U.S. Route 281 and Kansas Highway 18 (K-18) go east-west through Waldo.

Western Electric gives electricity to the people. Gorham Telephone gives landline telephone service, and it offers cable television and internet access. Most residents use privately stored propane for heating fuel. 

Waldo is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Batura Glacier

Batura Glacier is a large and long glacier located in Pakistan.

Ingalls, Kansas

Ingalls is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 252 people lived there.

The first post office in Ingalls was created in May 1887 with the name Soule. It kept that name until May 1888. The city was renamed for Kansas senator John James Ingalls.

Ingalls could have been the county seat in the late 1880s. It once had the county offices.

Ingalls is at (37.829932, -100.453844). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 252 people, 97 households, and 71 families living in Ingalls. Of the households, 71.1% owned their home and 28.9% rented their home.

The median age was 32.6 years. Of the people, 78.2% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 10.7% were from some other race, and 8.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 30.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 306 people, 113 households, and 87 families living in Ingalls.

Ingalls is served by USD 477 Ingalls. The Ingalls High School mascot is the Bulldogs.


Kanephoros

The Kanephoros ( (pl. "Kanephoroi"), latinate plural form Canephorae, refers to "Basket Bearer(s)") was an honorary term for young, unmarried women chosen to lead a festival in Ancient Greece.


Episcopal Diocese of Chicago

The Episcopal Diocese of Chicago is the official organization of the Episcopal Church in Chicago and Northern Illinois. The diocese is served by Jeffrey Lee, who serves as bishop of the diocese, and Christopher Epting, who served as Assistant Bishop in the diocese until his planned retirement in December 2015. The mother church of the diocese is St. James Cathedral, which is the oldest Episcopal congregation in the city of Chicago.

Jeffrey Lee (bishop)

Jeffrey Dean Lee is a bishop of the Episcopal Church. He is the twelfth and current Bishop of Chicago since 2008.

James W. Montgomery

James Winchester Montgomery (May 29, 1921 – October 23, 2019) was an American bishop. He was the ninth bishop of Chicago in The Episcopal Church. He was born in Chicago.

Montgomery died on October 23, 2019 in Naperville, Illinois at the age of 98.

Mikhail Innokentyevich Semyonov

Mikhail Innokentyevich Semyonov (, 26 November 1938 – 18 October 2019) was a Russian politician. He was born in Nukutsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, Soviet Union. He was the Chairman of the People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia from 21 July 1994 through 23 June 2002.

Semyonov died in Ulan-Ude, Buryatia, Russia on 18 October 2019 from a long-illness at the age of 80.

Eurasian plate

The Eurasian plate is a tectonic plate. It includes most of the continent of Eurasia. This is a huge landmass with the traditional continents of Europe and northern Asia. 

It does not include the Indian subcontinent, Arabia, and the area east of the Chersky Range in East Siberia. It does include oceanic crust west to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and north to the Gakkel Ridge.

South American plate

The South American plate is a major tectonic plate which includes the continent of South America. It also includes part of the Atlantic Ocean seabed. This extends east to the African plate. They meet at the southern part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.

The easterly edge is a divergent boundary because it has been moving west for about 60 million years. Its western and southern edges are complicated, with a number of small plates. The Nazca plate on the western edge is moving under the South American plate. This subduction has caused the Andes mountain chain.

Indo-Australian plate

The Indo-Australian plate is a major tectonic plate. 

It includes the continent of Australia and surrounding ocean. To the northwest it includes the Indian subcontinent and adjacent waters. It was formed by the fusion of Indian and Australian plates about 43 million years ago.

Eve (Bible)

In the Book of Genesis, Eve is the world’s first woman created by God to be a wife to Adam. Eve is placed in the Garden of Eden and allowed to eat any fruit except the fruit of The Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil because if she eats it she will die. A snake convinces her to eat it anyway. She then gives it to her husband who also eats it. They then realize they are naked. An angel is then sent to banish her and Adam from the garden so that they can’t eat the fruit of The Tree of Life and live forever. God gives them clothes and says that Eve will become the mother of all humans and be very respected but that her husband will rule over her. Eve gives birth to a son and she names him Cain. She then gives birth to a second son named Abel. Cain kills Abel and is exiled. Eve gives birth to a son named Seth and also has daughters. 

Leonard Hofstadter

Leonard Hofstadter is a fictional character in the television show The Big Bang Theory. Leonard is from New Jersey. His father is an anthropologist and his mother is a neuroscientist. Leonard’s parents made him learn to play the cello and become a scientist even though he wanted to be a rapper “like Snoop Dogg but with a little more healthy respect for the police”. Leonard was on the debate team in school and says that if he had not had glasses, he would have been “the coolest kid on the debate team to get constantly shoved into his locker.” Leonard also mentions that he once had a bully who gave him such a terrible wedgie that it temporarily moved one of his testicles. He also says that he hated high school because he was never popular and that his mother never let him celebrate his birthday because “that was her accomplishment, not mine” and that his parents never paid attention to his achievements. Leonard got his Phd at Princeton and got a job working at Caltech. He became a roommate of Sheldon Cooper because he couldn’t afford an apartment with only his own money. He almost accidentally gave American nuclear secrets to his girlfriend Joyce Kim not realizing that she was a North Korean spy but Sheldon Cooper annoyed her so much that she left before he could give her anything. When a beautiful girl named Penny moves in across the hall from Leonard and Sheldon, Leonard falls in love with her. Leonard tried to get her to like him but thanks to Sheldon she finds out that Leonard has Luke Skywalker shampoo and Darth Vader conditioner and uses the periodic table as a shower curtain and plays boggle in Klingon with his friends including Sheldon, Rajesh Koothrapalli and Howard Wolowitz leading her to think that he is a nerd. For most of the show Leonard is trying to start a relationship with Penny and they eventually date and get married.

Beurre noisette

Beurre noisette is a type of warm sauce used in French cuisine.

It is clarified butter cooked for long enough for the milk proteins to caramelize and almost burn. This produces a nutty flavor. It is also used in French pastry.

Swirly

A swirly or swirlie is a form of bullying in which the victim's head is put into a toilet. Some people have questioned whether swirlies are real or whether they were invented for television and other fiction.

On television, one or more bigger people, usually high school boys, pick up the victim. Then they dunk the victim's head in a toilet and flush it. The swirling water gives the swirly its name. For example, on the television show "Archer", Archer tells Lana about how he got pneumonia from getting a swirly in high school: Two bigger boys had picked him up, turned him upside down, and put his head in a toilet. On "The Simpsons", Bart Simpson gets a swirly from Jimbo Jones. In Cobra Kai, Kenny gets revenge against Anthony LaRusso by dunking his head into a used toilet.

There are a few reports of swirlies in real life. In some, the "victim" agreed to be part of the swirly. In other reports, the victim describes the swirly almost exactly like a swirly in fiction. One Blair Academy wrestler talked about being given swirlies and other abuse from older teammates. In others, the person giving the swirly is an adult or even a parent and not an older child.

Fred VanVleet

Fredderick Edmund VanVleet Sr. (born February 25, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA.

Candice Pitts

Candice Pitts (born Belize City) is a Belizean diplomat, educator and politician. She is serving as Belize’s ambassador to Republic of China on Taiwan and Japan. She served as a councillor for Belize City from March 2018 to 2021 and PUP standard bearer for the Mesopotamia Constituency since August 2019. Pitts has also served as a professor at the University of Belize and at Albany State University in the United States.

Candice Pitts was born in Belize City, Belize. After her primary and secondary education, Pitts studied at St. John’s College Junior College in Belize. Pitts then got her bachelor’s degree from Albany State University. She earned her master’s degree from The Ohio State University and her Ph.D. from Howard University.

After graduation from Howard University, Pitts returned to Albany State University. She taught there for three years. After this, she returned to Belize to teach at the University of Belize for three years. Pitts entered politics in 2017 as a candidate for the People’s United Party. The PUP won the Belize City Council elections. Pitts got the most votes. Pitts was a candidate in the 2020 General Elections as the Standard Bearer for the Mesopotamia Constituency. She lost by 150 votes. As of 2022. Pitts is ambassador to R.O.C. Taiwan and Japan.

Brecknockshire

Brecknockshire, also known as the County of Brecknock, Breconshire, or the County of Brecon is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales, and a former administrative county. Named after its county town of Brecon, the county is mountainous and primarily rural.

Buddha (album)

Buddha is Blink-182's 1998 album release and the last album to feature the original drummer Scott Raynor before being replaced by current drummer Travis Barker. Buddha is a mostly fast paced album if you mainly listen to modern Blink-182, but it definitely shows where they got their roots from, containing many off-beats whilst maintaining a fast tempo with breaks for pre-emo emo bouts. (like a soft sort of punk)


Marion County, Mississippi

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 24,441 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbia. The county is named for American Revolutionary War guerrilla leader Francis Marion also known as The Swamp Fox.


Marshall County, Mississippi

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 33,752 people lived there. Its county seat is Holly Springs. The county is named for Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall.


Monroe County, Mississippi

Monroe County is a county on the northeast border of the U.S. state of Mississippi next to Alabama. As of the 2020 census, 34,180 people lived there. Its county seat is Aberdeen. The name is in honor of James Monroe, fifth President of the United States.

Perry County, Mississippi

Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 11,511 people lived there. Its county seat is New Augusta.

Newton County, Mississippi

Newton County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,291 people lived there. Its county seat is Decatur.

Ramah, Colorado

Ramah is a town in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The population was 111 at the 2020 census. The name comes from from India.

Mont-sur-Rolle

Mont-sur-Rolle is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is from Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman"), above the lake-side town of Rolle.


Perroy

Perroy is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is about northeast of Nyon.


Prangins

Prangins is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is next to Lake Geneva.


Königsheim

Königsheim is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Mel Aull

Melvin Andrew Aull (December 23, 1928 – October 12, 2019) was a Canadian football player. He played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough Riders and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with the Rough Riders in 1951. He was born in Hamilton, Ontario.

Aull died on October 12, 2019 in Mississauga, Ontario at the age of 90.

Peggy McIntosh

Peggy McIntosh (born November 7, 1934) is an American feminist, anti-racism activist, scholar, speaker, and Senior Research Scientist of the Wellesley Centers for Women. She is the founder of the National SEED Project on Inclusive Curriculum (Seeking Educational Equity and Diversity). 

In 1988, she published the article "White Privilege and Male Privilege: A Personal Account of Coming to See Correspondences Through Work in Women’s Studies". This analysis, and its shorter version, "" (1989) was later published and made her well known. 

USS Iowa (BB-61)

The USS "Iowa" (BB-61) was a battleship used by America in World War II and the Korean War. It was retired in October 1990 because it was a huge target that was too expensive to lose.

Jeffrey Spalding

Jeffrey Spalding (November 5, 1951 – October 14, 2019) was a Scottish-born Canadian artist, curator, author, and educator. 

Spalding died on October 14, 2019 at the age of 67. 

For more than forty years, Spalding taught at various education institutions and was actively involved as a museum professional. He worked as a curator and director at various visual arts institutions including the University of Lethbridge, the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, the Glenbow Museum, and the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia. 

Between 1999 and 2002 Spalding was the director of the Appleton Museum of Art in Ocala, Florida. From 2014 to 2017, he was the Chief Curator of the Beaverbrook Art Gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick.

Goodland, Kansas

Goodland is a city in Sherman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Sherman County. In 2020, 4,465 people lived there. It was named after Goodland, Indiana. Goodland has the Northwest Kansas Technical College.

Goodland is at (39.3508330, −101.7101722). It has an elevation of 3,681 feet (1,122 m). It is on the south side of the Middle Fork of Sappa Creek, which is part of the Republican River watershed, in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is at the intersection of Interstate 70 and K-27 in northwest Kansas. Goodland is about east of the Colorado state line, 176 miles east-southeast of Denver, northwest of Wichita, and west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Because Goodland has a higher elevation, Goodland has stronger wind and more snow than other places in Kansas. Wind speed averages . On average, Goodland gets 19.75 inches (502 mm) of precipitation every year. Goodland gets about 41.9 inches (1,064 mm) of snow per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Goodland was 111 °F (44 °C) in 1940; the coldest temperature ever was −27 °F (−33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,465 people, 1,891 households, and 1,103 families living in Goodland. Of the households, 64.4% owned their home and 35.6% rented their home.

The median age was 36.8 years. Of the people, 82.8% were White, 2.2% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 6.5% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,489 people, 1,985 households, and 1,161 families living in Goodland.

"The Goodland Star-News" is the city's only newspaper. It is published twice per week.
Four radio stations are licensed to and/or broadcast from Goodland. KLOE broadcasts a full service News/Talk format on 730 AM. KKCI plays a Classic Rock format, and they broadcast on 102.5 FM. KWGB is licensed to Colby, Kansas, and they broadcast from Goodland on 97.9 FM. They play country music. KGCR broadcasts on 107.7 FM from near Brewster, Kansas. They are licensed to Goodland. They play Christian Contemporary music.

Goodland is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. CBS affiliate KBSL-DT is licensed to Goodland, and they broadcast on digital channel 10.

Due to Goodland and the rest of Sherman County observing Mountain time, prime-time television programming airs from 6 to 9 p.m., instead of 7 to 10 like in the Central time zone.

A reproduction of Vincent van Gogh's painting 3 Sunflowers in a Vase was created in 2001 by artist Cameron Cross. It is 80 feet tall. After it was built, the weather damaged it. Cross came back in 2012 to repaint it using brighter paint.



Michael D. Reynolds

Michael David Reynolds ( – October 15, 2019) was an American educator and astrology. He was professor of astronomy at Florida State College at Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida. He was the director of Chabot Space and Science Center in Alameda County, California. 

Reynolds was best known for his work in science education, both in lecture halls and less formal settings. He also participated in astronomy and space exploration outreach.

Reynolds died of cardiac arrest in his home in Jacksonville on October 15, 2019 at the age of 65.

Tonganoxie, Kansas

Tonganoxie (pronounced ) is a city in Leavenworth County, Kansas. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area within the United States. In 2020, 5,573 people lived there.

Tonganoxie was platted in 1866. It was named after a local Native American Chief from the Delaware Tribe whose name means "shorty" in the Delaware language. Tonganoxie was incorporated as a city in the late 1870s.

Tonganoxie is at (39.108880, -95.086885). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Tonganoxie has hot, humid summers and generally cold winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Tonganoxie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 5,573 people, 2,087 households, and 1,482 families living in Tonganoxie. Of the households, 71.1% owned their home and 28.9% rented their home.

The median age was 36.0 years. Of the people, 87.3% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 8.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,996 people, 1,884 households, and 1,338 families living in Tonganoxie.



Vicki Ann Funk

Vicki Ann Funk (November 26, 1947 – October 22, 2019) was an American botanist and researcher. She was a Senior Research Botanist and Curator at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History.

She was known for her work on members of the composite family (Asteraceae) including collecting plants in many parts of the world, as well as her synthetic work on phylogenetics and biogeography.

Funk died on October 22, 2019 at the age of 71.

Hildegard Bachert

Hildegard Bachert (April 3, 1921 – October 17, 2019) was a German-born American art dealer and gallery director. Bachert moved to the United States in 1936 to escape the Nazi regime. In 1940, she began working at the Galerie St. Etienne, a Manhattan gallery focusing in Austrian and German expressionist art, where she worked until her death. She was born in Mannheim, Germany.

Bachert died at her home in Brattleboro, Vermont on October 17, 2019 at the age of 98.

Brattleboro, Vermont

Brattleboro (), originally Brattleborough, is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. Brattleboro is located about north of the Massachusetts state line. In 2020, Brattleboro's population was 12,184.

Ole Henrik Laub

Ole Henrik Laub (3 December 1937 – 22 October 2019) was a Danish novelist and children's writer. He was also an art painter and cartoonist. He was born in Aarhus, Denmark. Laub made his debut in 1967 with "Et Sværd Dyppet i Honning", a collection of short stories. He wrote more than fifty books, short stories, novels, and books for children.

Laub died on 22 October 2019 in Denmark at the age of 81.

Alfred Znamierowski

Alfred Znamierowski (21 June 1940 – 23 October 2019) was a Polish vexillologist, heraldist, illustrator, and journalist. During his career he published many books and designed hundreds of coats of arms, flags, banners and seals for over 200 different cities and institutions. He was born in Warsaw. From 1985 to 1994, Znamierowski was an editor of the Polish Service of Voice of America in Washington, D.C..

Znamierowski died on 23 October 2019 in Prague from a heart attack at the age of 79.

Walter Franco

Walter Franco (6 January 1945 – 24 October 2019) was a Brazilian rock singer, guitarist, record producer and composer. In 1998 he worked with Rosa Passos for their debut album "Especial Tom Jobim". His 1975 album "Revolver" was No. 50 on "Rolling Stone"s list of the Top 100 Brazilian albums. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. Other ablums include "Respire Fundo", "Vela Aberta", "Walter Franco" and "Tutano".

Franco died on 24 October 2019 at a São Paulo hospital from a stroke, aged 74.

Salvador Freixedo

Salvador Freixedo, (23 April 1923 – 25 October 2019) was a Spanish Catholic priest. He was a member of the Jesuit Order.

He was known as a Ufologist and researcher of "paranormal subjects". He wrote many books on the relationship between religion and extraterrestrial beings, and was a speaker in several international UFO congresses in Europe, the Americas, and Asia.

He was also a contributor to a number of parascientific magazines, such as "Mundo Desconocido" ("Unknown World"), "Karma 7" and "Más allá" ("Beyond") among others.

Hans Zender

Johannes Wolfgang Zender (22 November 1936 – 22 October 2019) was a German conductor and composer. He was the chief conductor of several opera houses.

As a conductor, he worked at the Theater Freiburg, Theater Bonn, Opernhaus Kiel and Hamburg State Opera, and led the radio orchestra Deutsche Radio Philharmonie Saarbrücken Kaiserslautern. 

He taught at the Musikhochschule Frankfurt. His opera "Stephen Climax" premiered in 1986 at the Oper Frankfurt, and his third opera, "Chief Joseph", premiered in 2005 at the Staatsoper Unter den Linden.

Zender died on 22 October 2019 in Meersburg, Germany at the age of 82.

ShopHQ

ShopHQ, formerly known as Evine until 2019, is an American cable, satellite and broadcast television network owned by iMedia Brands Inc. The channel is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.

The home shopping channel's main competitors are Qurate's HSN and QVC.


It's Showtime

It's Showtime (commonly known as Showtime!) is a long-running noon-time variety show from the Philippines. It airs weekdays at 12:00 PM to 3:30 PM and Saturdays at 11:45 AM to 2:30 PM. The show premiered on October 24, 2009 and it's currently celebrating its 10th anniversary in Philippine television.

Emmett Chappelle

Emmett W. Chappelle (24 October 1925 – 14 October 2019) is an African-American scientist. He was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He worked for NASA.

He also was a member of the American Chemical Society, the American Society of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, the American Society of Photobiology, the American Society of Microbiology, and the American Society of Black Chemists.

Chappelle died of kidney failure in Baltimore, Maryland on 14 October 2019, one week before his 94th birthday.

Oktibbeha County, Mississippi

Oktibbeha County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 51,788 people lived there. The county seat is Starkville.


Firestone, Colorado

The Town of Firestone is a town in Weld County, Colorado, United States. The population was 16,381 at the 2020 census.

Cessières-Suzy

Cessières-Suzy is a new commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and is made of the former communes of Cessières and Suzy.

Villeneuve-sur-Aisne

Villeneuve-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France. It was created on 1 January 2019. It is made of the former communes of Guignicourt and Menneville.



Velma, Oklahoma

Velma is a city in Stephens County, Oklahoma in the United States.

Pocola, Oklahoma

Pocola is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Freedom, Oklahoma

Freedom is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Saint-George

Saint-George is a municipality in Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Purfleet

Purfleet is a town just east of London on the banks of the River Thames in Essex, England. Purfleet is in the Civil Parish of West Thurrock and has some industries within it. It is also part of the Thames Gateway redevelopment area and is also a conservation area.

Thurrock

Thurrock () is a unitary authority area with borough status in the English ceremonial county of Essex.

Flintshire

Flintshire is a county in Wales. Connah's Quay is located in Flintshire.

Signy-Avenex

Signy-Avenex is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Prentiss County, Mississippi

Prentiss County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,008 people lived there. Its county seat is Booneville.

Momoko Sakura

Sakura was born in Shimizu City in the Shizuoka prefecture of Japan.

Over the years the "Chibi Maruko-chan" book series has gotten a lot of success. More than 30 million copies were sold. Sakura was also a very popular author, as she had a very unique viewpoint and narrative in her stories, especially in the stories "Momokanzume", "Saru no Koshikake" and "Tai no Okashira" which have sold over a million copies.

Corn dog

A corn dog is a sausage on a stick coated in a thick layer of cornmeal batter and deep-fried. The sausage used in a corn dog is usually the same types that are used in hot dogs. It is a popular type of fast food or street food.

Corn dogs originate from the United States in the 1920s. It is commonly found in American cuisine. They are found as a frozen food at most supermarkets.

Corn dogs were first introduced by German Texans in the 1920s. The corn dog was first made as just a sausage rolled in cornbread battered and fried. Many years later, sticks were added to corn dogs as a unique food-holding tool that would later create the modern corn dog.

On 1927, the idea of fried food on a stick was filed for a patent in the US. On 1929, the patent was accepted. On the patent, it states that many foods other than sausages can also be used in the same way that a corn dog is prepared. The patent also states that by having a stick, the stick would allow the fried food to be handled and eaten in a cleaner way.

The earliest known year when the corn dog was first prepared in the US was on 1937. During a high school baseball game in Adel, Iowa, ballpark vendors ran out of hot dog buns for their hot dogs. Roger Newman, a local tavern owner who runs one of the vendors, took the remaining hot dogs in order to make corn dogs without sticks. He breaded each hot dog in a cornmeal batter that he had prepared for an upcoming fish fry, and returned to the ballpark with these corn dogs. Even though there were not any sticks for any of the corn dogs, patrons held the corn dogs with a wide variety of different methods. Some patrons held the corn dogs with wax paper, paper cones, and even pocket knives.

Many current corn dog vendors believed that they invented or popularized the corn dog. Carl and Neil Fletcher claimed that they had popularized the corn dog by introducing "Corny Dogs" at the State Fair of Texas sometime between 1938 and 1942. The Pronto Pup vendors at the Minnesota State Fair claim to have invented the corn dog in 1941. On June 16, 1946, Cozy Dog Drive-in, in Springfield, Illinois, claims to have been the first to serve corn dogs on sticks. Also on 1946, Dave Barham opened the first location of Hot Dog on a Stick at Muscle Beach in Santa Monica, California.

Several variants of corn dog exist.


The Wave in the Mind

The Wave in the Mind is a book by Ursula K. Le Guin. It is a collection of essays. Shambhala Publications published the book in 2004. The ISBN is .

Steering the Craft

Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Mariner and the Mutinous Crew is a 1998 nonfiction book by Ursula K. Le Guin. The book started as a writers' workshop led by Le Guin. There self-guided exercises and discussions in the book about how to write stories.

Black site

A black site is a place where prisoners are kept in secret.

The term was invented for places controlled by the CIA and used by the U.S. government in its War on Terror. They are used to hold people the CIA think are 'unlawful enemy combatants'.

U.S. President George W. Bush acknowledged the existence of secret prisons operated by the CIA during a speech on September 6, 2006. A claim that the black sites existed was made by "The Washington Post" in November 2005 and before this by human rights NGOs.

On the one hand, there is little or no legal authority for the operation of black sites by the United States or any other countries. On the other hand, many of the atrocities committed by anti-Western groups against civilians are far beyond the Geneva Conventions of war. 

Mr. Satan

Mr. Satan (also known as Hercule in English dubs) is a fictional character from the manga "Dragon Ball" and anime "Dragon Ball Z". He also appears in "Dragon Ball GT" and "Dragon Ball Super". 

He is portrayed as a great fighter, champion of the world, cheered by all humanity. In reality he hides a clumsy and cowardly personality. Usually this duality is used for comedic gags.

He also has a daughter, Videl who will marry Son Gohan, son of Goku. In the Majin buu saga he befriends the good side of the antagonist.

Because "Satan" is also the name of the main evil spirit in Christianity, the character's name sparked so much controversy that when Dragon Ball was imported to North America, his name was changed to Hercule.

Basshunter discography

Basshunter, a Swedish singer, record producer and DJ, has released five studio albums, two compilation albums, 29 singles, five promotional singles and seven remixes. "The Bassmachine", Basshunter's debut studio album, was released by Alex Music on 25 August 2004. In April 2006, he signed his first contract with Extensive Music and Warner Music Sweden. His single "Boten Anna" charted at number one on the Danish singles chart, where it stayed for fourteen weeks; it was certified triple platinum by IFPI Danmark. "Boten Anna" also reached number one in the Swedish singles chart and was certified platinum by IFPI Sverige. His second studio album "LOL", released on 28 August 2006, charted in the top five in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. The album was certified platinum by IFPI Finland and double platinum by IFPI Danmark. In late 2006, Basshunter released his albums "The Bassmachine" and "The Old Shit" through his own website. Basshunter's third single "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" was certified gold by IFPI Danmark. Basshunter collaborated with the duo Patrik & Lillen on his single "Vifta med händerna".

The single "Now You're Gone", which uses the same music as "Boten Anna", was originally recorded by Mental Theo and sung by Sebastian Westwood but in 2007, Basshunter recorded a shorter version of "Now You're Gone" to appeal to international audiences. The song subsequently charted at number one on the British and Irish singles charts, and stayed there for five weeks. It was also certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. The second single released was a cover of the KC and the Sunshine Band song "Please Don't Go". The third single was "All I Ever Wanted", which uses the music from "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" in the style of "Now You're Gone". It charted at number one in Ireland and at number two in the United Kingdom, and was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. "Now You're Gone – The Album" was released on 14 July 2008 and like the single was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. The fourth single was "Angel in the Night", which was followed by a cover of Westlife's song "I Miss You". Basshunter's sixth and final single from "Now You're Gone – The Album" was "Walk on Water", which accompanied a deluxe edition re-release of the album featuring new remixes and the previous four singles from the album.

The single "Every Morning" was released before Basshunter's fifth studio album "Bass Generation", which was released on 25 September 2009. The album was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry. The second single was "I Promised Myself", a cover of a Nick Kamen song. A compilation album titled "The Early Bedroom Sessions" was released on 3 December 2012; it Includes seven songs from "The Old Shit", all ten songs from "The Bassmachine", and the tracks "Go Down Now", "Trance Up" and "Wacco Will Kick Your Ass", which had previously appeared on singles, and three unreleased songs. On 13 May 2013 he released his sixth studio album "Calling Time". The album charted on the American Dance/Electronic Albums chart at number 25. Five tracks from the album were released as singles: "Saturday" (2010), "Fest i hela huset" (2011), "Northern Light", "Dream on the Dancefloor" (2012), "Crash & Burn" and "Calling Time" (2013). "Saturday" was certified gold by Recorded Music NZ. "Fest i hela huset" charted at number five in Sweden; it was recorded in collaboration with participants from the Swedish "Big Brother" series.


Piccolo (Dragon Ball)

Piccolo is a fictional character from the manga Dragon Ball by Akira Toriyama. The character also appears in the Anime Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball GT and Dragon Ball Super. He is the child and embodiment of Piccolo Daimao, who was defeated by Goku. First goal of Piccolo Junior is to defeat Goku in a battle, avenging his father's death. However Piccolo is defeated by his rival in the final match of The martial art tournament, instead of killing him Goku let him live. 
Later in the story he trains Son Gohan,son of Goku, while Goku was dead in order to make him stronger. 

Videl

Videl is a character from the manga Dragon Ball created by Akira Toriyama. She appears in the Anime Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super. She is the only daughter of Mr. Satan. Later she becomes Son Gohan 's wife and mother of Pan.

Her name is derived from the anagram of the English word "devil".

Paul Lambert

Paul Lambert (born 7 August 1969) is a Scottish professional football manager and former player, who was most recently the manager of Ipswich Town.

Aston University

Aston University is a public university in the city centre of Birmingham, England. It received its royal charter from Queen Elizabeth II on 22 April 1966.

Aston is famous for having a placement year as part of many of its undergraduate degree courses. It pioneered the integrated placement year concept from its start in 1966.

In 1875, a School of Metallurgy was formed in the Birmingham and Midland Institute. In 1895, the Birmingham Municipal Technical School separated from the Institute. It taught chemistry, physics, metallurgy and electrical engineering. In 1911, commercial classes were introduced. By 1916, this had grown into an independent School of Commerce. In 1927, the school changed its name to the Birmingham Central Technical College. This was to reflect its changing approach to teaching technology.

In 1951, the Technical College was renamed the "College of Technology, Birmingham".
Work began on the Main Building at Gosta Green. Princess Margaret laid one of the first foundation stones at the base of the new building in 1951. The building is said to be one of Europe's largest freestanding brick buildings. In 1956 it became the UK's first College of Advanced Technology. It had a major expansion. The college expanded again to a design by the City Architect of Birmingham Alwyn Sheppard Fidler between 1957 and 1965.

On 22 April 1966, it it was given its Royal Charter. It became the "University of Aston in Birmingham". On 10 May 1966, the first Chancellor of the University, Lord Nelson of Stafford, was installed. The Charter of the University outlines its objectives. These are appropriate to a technological university:
Due to the history of the institution, there is emphasis given to the sandwich course system and the maintenance of strong links with industry. The motto of the University is the same as that of the City of Birmingham – "Forward".

In 1983, Aston University, Birmingham City Council, and Lloyds Bank, established Birmingham Technology Ltd.. This company manages the Aston Science Park. The science park is next to the university site. In 1984, the area was granted its own postal address "The Aston Triangle". This made the campus an official district of Birmingham. The logo of the establishment takes from the shape of the area.

In September 2010, Aston University hosted the British Science Festival. This is one of Europe's largest public science events. Since May 2011, Sir John Sunderland has been the Chancellor. The university is a lead sponsor of Aston University Engineering Academy. This university technical college (UTC) opened in September 2012. The UTC is for students aged 14 to 19 wishing to study and have a career in engineering. It is located at the edge of the Aston University campus.

In October 2014, the University announced a £35 million cash injection for a major upgrade of the campus. This included a new £19 million revamp of Aston Business School and improvement work to the Aston Institute of Photonic Technologies and the School of Languages and Social Sciences. In October 2015, Aston launched the Aston Medical School. This was for postgraduate research students. In September 2018 the first Bachelor of Medicine MBChB course started. The course takes five years.

In February 2017, the University launched its online programme website. Four MSc programmes are offered 100% online to students in the UK and worldwide. It also offers the Aston Business School's MBA. In July 2017, Aston became the first University in the UK to award degree apprenticeship graduates. Aston began working in close partnership with Capgemini, to create the first degree apprenticeship: "Digital and Technology Solutions" in 2012.

The university sits on a 40-acre campus at Gosta Green, in the city centre of Birmingham, England. The campus has accommodation for over 3000 students. It has sports facilities, a library, cafés, restaurants, pubs, shops, travel centre, hairdresser, health centre, dentist, places of worship, opticians, a bank, automated teller machines and outside leisure space.

Aston University Library is on four floors. It contains over 250,000 books and 800 current printed periodicals. It has over 700 reader places. It provides online access over 3,400 electronic journals. The Library is open 24 hours a day to Aston students and staff during exam time,and 12 hours a day during term time.

Around the campus there are open-access IT suites. They offer computer and internet access 24 hours a day. They offer access to software packages, database systems and computer-aided learning materials.

Aston University sports facilities include a 25m swimming pool, sauna and steam room, two sports halls, a gym, weights and fitness rooms, and a two storey dance studio. It has 35 sports clubs. The campus also has two floodlit sports pitches. Many of the University clubs train and compete in the British Universities and Colleges Sports (BUCS) Leagues. Away from the campus, the University manages a 40-acre sports ground with floodlit pitches and a pavilion for all outdoor sports.

All of the Aston University's faculties are based on one campus. They are organised into the following five schools:

<br>

The university's arms were granted on 18 March 1955 by Garter, Clarenceux and Norroy and Ulster Kings of Arms to the Birmingham Corporation. This was for use by the former College of Technology. They were designed to show the College's connection with the City and with the teaching of technology. The arms consist of a shield and crest.

The shield has two sections – the field (the main background) and a chief (the broad band across the top of the shield). The field is
coloured blue. The chief is coloured silver. On the field is a diagonal line of five gold diamonds joined one to the other. This is similar to the first quarter of the Arms of the City of Birmingham. It is incorporated in the Arms of the College to show its connection to the City. On the chief is depicted an open book bound in red placed between two black hammers. This shows the connection of the University with technology. The book represents learning. The hammers represent engineering and allied trades.

The crest is designed to stress the pursuit of knowledge. It consists of a red torch held erect by a forearm between two branches of gold laurel. Originally it would have been worn on the helmet of a fully armed person. The crest is always placed on the top of the helm. The method of joining the crest to the helm was usually concealed by decoration. In the University's arms this is done by the use of a wreath and a crown. The wreath is silver, red, and black. These colours being taken from the shield. On top is a mural crown (resembling a wall). This is reserved in modern grants for persons and organisations connected with public corporations. The cloth mantling hangs down from the top of the helm. This represents the cloak which was originally worn to protect the armour. It is coloured blue and gold. These being the two principal colours of the shield.

In 2016, Her Majesty's College of Arms granted the favour of supporters to Aston University's arms. This marked the 50th anniversary of the University. Professor Julia King, the Baroness Brown of Cambridge, the Vice-Chancellor, had made the request.
The Letters Patent was formally presented to Aston University by the York Herald, Michael Peter Desmond O'Donoghue Esq.. This was made in a service at St Phillips Cathedral, Birmingham, on 29th September 2016.

The arms are supported by a Canada goose and a red squirrel. The Canada goose is a symbol. It represents the family of geese living on the University campus. The squirrel is the crest of the arms of Aston Manor. This is a rebus. (The picture is a pun on the persons name. The owners of Aston Manor were the Holte family and a squirrel's nest is called a holt). This explains the ancient connection between the squirrel and Aston. The animal also appears on the University mace. It also appears on the Chancellor's chain of office. This chain was originally the property of the Mayor of Aston Manor.

The gorse around the animals' necks is a reference to Gosta Green. It was known as "Gostie" Green during the 18th century. This combined the name of the landowner (William de Gorsty) with the local plant called 'gorse'

The academic dress for graduates of the University is as follows:

In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise, Aston University was ranked in the top 12 in the UK in all four of its broad subject areas. Of the research undertaken, 86% was described as 'internationally significant'. 88% of Aston academic staff were submitted for research assessment. This is one of the highest proportions in the UK. According to the Research Assessment Exercise, the university's strengths include Business and Management, General Engineering, subjects allied to Medicine (Optometry, Biology, Pharmacy and Psychology), Languages and European Studies.

In the 2012 QS World University Rankings, graduate employers ranked Aston University 51st for graduate employability. Aston was ranked in the top ten of all UK universities for its graduate employment record.

In 2012, Aston University was responsible for educating 2.3 per cent of the UK's millionaires. This placed Aston at number 8 in the UK.

In 2015, Aston was ranked as the 42nd best university in the world under 50 years old.
For 2018, it was put in the top 55 universities in the UK. It was ranked 18th for student experience in the Sunday Times Good University Guide.<ref name = "Aston University key facts 2017/2018"></ref>

Aston is ranked 34th in the University League Tables 2020.

Founded in 1947, Aston Business School (ABS) is one of the largest and oldest business schools in the UK.

In 1999, ABS was the first UK business school to be awarded the prestigious EQUIS accreditation.

The school's most recent Research Assessment Exercise was in 2008. All research areas submitted ranked in the top 12 in the UK. 45% of the research submitted was judged to be "excellent" or "world-leading".

In 2012, the business school's Masters Management course was ranked by the "Financial Times" as 36th in the world.

In 2014, Aston was 2nd in the UK for developing marketing professionals, 7th for finance professionals,23rd for accounting professionals. This was based on the career outcome data of more than 313 million LinkedIn members.

In 2019, Aston is in the top 1% of Business Schools Worldwide with Triple Accreditation (AMBA, AACSB and EQUIS). It is in the World Top 100 Universities for Business and Management Studies (QS Ranking 2019).

Aston Students' Union (SU) used to be called Aston "Guild" of Students. It is a non-profit independent charity. It was set up to represent and support its members. Most members are current students at Aston University. The SU operates a number of commercial and non-commercial services. These include; the Advice & Representation Centre (ARC), the Aston Athletic Union, the Aston Societies Federation, the SU Shop, Copyshop and B4 Bar. The Aston Athletic Union supports the university sports clubs. The Aston Societies Federation supports non-sporting societies.

The SU is funded by grant income from Aston University. This is added to by funds raised by the SU's commercial services. The SU is led by a Trustee Board of elected students and external trustees. Day-to-day management is by a team of permanent staff and the Executive Committee. The Executive Committeeby is an elected student team.

The SU building consists of 5 floors and is located in the centre of the Aston University Campus.

On 29 November 2006, the students voted to disaffiliate the Guild (now Union) from the National Union of Students. On 26 November 2014, they voted to re-affiliate.

In the 1970s, three tower blocks containing student accommodation were constructed on Aston University campus. They were named Dalton, Lawrence and Stafford Towers. In August 1999, the Lakeside complex added further student accommodation on to the campus.

In April 2007, Aston University submitted a planning application for demolition of the three 1970s towers. They were to be replaced by new student accommodation blocks, apartments for tutors, retail units and administrative offices.
On 8 May 2011, Lawrence and Dalton Towers were demolished.
On 27 April 2014, Stafford Tower, Gem Sports Centre and Lakeside Conference Centre were demolished. This made way for a new entrance to Aston University and a five-acre green space. The new landscaped area includes a walkway into the university from the city centre. It also contains a pavilion for teaching. The pavillion is also used as a catering facility for outdoor events. The new buildings are named the William Murdoch, the James Watt, the Harriet Martineau and the Mary Sturge Residences.

In 2016, Aston sold all of the student housing that it owned to UNITE Students.







Margaret Lyons

Margaret Lyons (November 21, 1923 – October 5, 2019), born Keiko Margaret Inouye, was the first female vice president of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). She was known for her role in the CBC's "Radio Revolution". Lyons was designated a Member of the Order of Canada in 2010 for her work in broadcasting.

Lyons died from medically assisted death in Toronto on October 5, 2019, at the age of 95.

The Twilight Zone

The Twilight Zone could mean:

Walter Fauntroy

Walter Edward Fauntroy (born February 6, 1933) is an American politician, civil rights activist and criminal. He is also a former delegate to the United States House of Representatives. He was a candidate for the 1972 and 1976 Democratic presidential nominations. 

In 2012, Fauntroy disappeared and presumably fled the United States after a bench warrant was issued for his arrest. In 2016, Fauntroy returned to the United States and was arrested at Washington Dulles International Airport. He had been hiding in Ajman, the capital of the Emirate of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.

Josip Elic

Josip Elic (March 10, 1921 – October 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was born in Butte, Montana. He was best known for his role as Bancini in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".

Elic died at a nursing home in River Edge, New Jersey on October 21, 2019 from problems caused by a fall, aged 98.


Therese Zenz

Therese Zenz (15 October 1932 – 22 October 2019) was a German sprint canoer. She took part in the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics and won three silver medals for the United Team of Germany in 1956 and 1960. She later became a coach for the West German team.

Zenz won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 500 m: 1954 for Saar) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m and K-2 500 m: both 1958 for West Germany).


Anne Phelan

Anne Mary Phelan (2 August 1944 – 27 October 2019) was an Australian actress and activist. Her television soap opera roles included Myra Desmond in "Prisoner" (1980–1985) and Monica Taylor in "Something in the Air" (2000–2002).

She won the 2000 AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Actress in a Television Drama. She also won the 1988 AFI Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries for "Poor Man's Orange". 

Phelan died on 27 October 2019 at the age of 75.

Carlo Strenger

Carlo Strenger (; July 16, 1958 – October 25, 2019) was a Swiss-Israeli psychologist, philosopher, existential psychoanalyst and public intellectual. He was professor of psychology and philosophy at Tel Aviv University. He was a senior research fellow at the Center for the Study of Terrorism at John Jay College. He was a columnist for "Haaretz" and for "Neue Zürcher Zeitung".

Don Valentine

Donald Thomas Valentine (June 26, 1932 – October 25, 2019) was an American venture capitalist. His companies focused on technology companies in the United States. He was called the "grandfather of Silicon Valley venture capital".

Valentine died on October 25, 2019 in Woodside, California at the age of 87.

Vladimir Bukovsky

Vladimir Konstantinovich Bukovsky (; 30 December 1942 – 27 October 2019) was a Russian-born British human rights activist and writer. 

From the late 1950s to the mid-1970s, he was a known figure in the Soviet dissident movement. He spent a total of twelve years in the psychiatric prison-hospitals, labour camps, and prisons of the Soviet Union.

He was a member of the international advisory council of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation, a director of the Gratitude Fund (set up in 1998 to commemorate and support former dissidents), and a member of the International Council of the New York City-based Human Rights Foundation.

In 2001, Bukovsky received the Truman-Reagan Medal of Freedom.

In May 2007, Bukovsky announced his plans to run as candidate for president in the May 2008 Russian presidential election. On 16 December 2007, Bukovsky was officially nominated to run against Dmitry Medvedev and other candidates.

Bukovsky died on 27 October 2019 at a hospital in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire from heart failure at the age of 76.

Paul Barrere

Paul Barrere (July 3, 1948 – October 26, 2019) was an American guitarist. He was a member of the band Little Feat, which he joined in 1972.

Barrere died on October 26, 2019 at the age of 71 in Los Angeles, California of liver cancer.

Bernie Parrish

Bernard Paul Parrish (April 29, 1936 – October 23, 2019) was an American college and professional football player. He was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL) for eight seasons during the 1950s and 1960s. Parrish played college football for the University of Florida. He played professionally for the Cleveland Browns of the NFL and the Houston Oilers of the AFL. He was born in Long Beach, California.

Parrish died on October 23, 2019 from prostate cancer in Springfield, Missouri at the age of 83.

Enriqueta Basilio

Norma Enriqueta Basilio Sotelo, also known as Queta Basilio (15 July 1948 – 26 October 2019) was a Mexican track and field athlete. She made history by being the first woman to light the Olympic Cauldron. She was the last torch-bearer of the 19th Summer Olympics in Mexico City on 12 October 1968.

Basilio died in Mexico City on 26 October 2019 of pneumonia at the age of 71.

Chuck Meriwether

Julius Edward "Chuck" Meriwether (June 30, 1956 – October 26, 2019) was a Major League Baseball (MLB) umpire. He worked in the American League (AL) from 1988 to 1999. He umpired in both leagues from 2000 to 2009. Meriwether originally wore number 32, but in 2004 switched to number 14.

Meriwether died at his home in Nashville, Tennessee on October 26, 2019 at the age of 63 from cancer. 

V. Nanammal

V. Nanammal (24 February 1920 – 26 October 2019) was an Indian Yoga teacher. She was born in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. She trained one million students over 45 years and taught one hundred students daily. Six hundred of her students have become Yoga instructors around the world.

Her work was honored with India's National Nari Shakti Puraskar in 2016 and the country's fourth highest civilian award the Padma Shri in 2018.

Gregory E. Pyle

Gregory Eli Pyle (April 25, 1949 – October 26, 2019) was an American politician. He was the Chief of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma from 1997 through 2014. He was born in Fort Bragg, California. Pyle was a member of the Democratic Party.

Pyle died on October 26, 2019 in Durant, Oklahoma at the age of 70.

Pascale Roberts

Pascale Roberts (21 October 1930 – 26 October 2019) was a French actress. She was a César Award nominee. In 1957, she married Pierre Mondy but they divorced a few years later. Roberts was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine. Roberts was known for her roles in "The Women Couldn't Care Less", "The Sleeping Car Murders" and in "Plus belle la vie".

Roberts died on 26 October 2019 in Paris from colorectal cancer at the age of 89.

Jim Carr

James Gordon Carr (born October 11, 1951) is a Canadian politician.

In the 2015 federal election, he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Winnipeg South Centre. He is the Minister of International Trade Diversification in the Cabinet of Canada, headed by Justin Trudeau. He was Minister of Natural Resources from 2015 to 2018.

In October 2019, Carr was diagnosed with multiple myeloma.

Carr was Jewish and had a bar mitzvah in 1964.

Katie Hill (politician)

Katherine Lauren Hill (born August 25, 1987) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for California's 25th congressional district from January 3, 2019 through November 1, 2019. 

Hill is the former Executive Director of People Assisting the Homeless (PATH). She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On October 27, 2019, after days of media reports of possible sexual actions with staffers, Hill announced her resignation from Congress.


Kaoru Yachigusa

Yachigusa was married to director Senkichi Taniguchi until his death in 2007.

Yachigusa died on 24 October 2019 at a Tokyo hospital from pancreatic cancer, aged 88.


Mariko Okada

She is married to director Yoshishige Yoshida.

Yoshishige Yoshida

, also known as Kijū Yoshida, is a Japanese movie director and screenwriter.

He has directed more than 20 movies between 1960 and 2004. His movie "A Promise" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1986 Cannes Film Festival. Two years later his movie "Wuthering Heights" would compete for the Golden Palm at the 1988 Festival.

He is married to actress Mariko Okada.

Senkichi Taniguchi

Taniguchi died of pneumonia at a hospital in Tokyo on October 29, 2007, at the age of 95. He was married to actress Kaoru Yachigusa at the time of his death.

Pioneer MRT station

Pioneer MRT Station is a MRT station in Singapore.

Despite its name, Pioneer station is not physically located within the Pioneer planning area. Rather, its name was derived from Pioneer Road North, a major road to the west of the station that travels in the north-south direction. Pioneer station is the nearest MRT station to the Nanyang Technological University.

It is one of two above-ground stations on the MRT network with a privacy screen built along the track of the eastbound platform to ensure the privacy of nearby residents; the other station being Marsiling MRT station.

The station code was W13 before the opening.

Tuas Crescent MRT station

Tuas Crescent MRT station (EW31) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station along the East West Line in Tuas, Singapore. This station is named after a road in the vicinity.

Originally the station code was W16 before the opening.

It was first announced on 11 January 2011 by then-Transport Minister Mr Raymond Lim in a speech while visiting Bedok when new platform screen doors opened there. It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.

According to Lianhe Zaobao, this station and the tracks linking it are built in the middle of a vehicular bridge, a historical first for Singapore train services.

It has the longest staircase in all stations with 105 steps, and the longest escalator of 17.5m in Singapore's rail network. 

Tuas West Road MRT station

Tuas West Road MRT Station (EW32) is a MRT station along the East West Line in Tuas, Singapore. This station is to provide rail connection to the western part of Tuas and Tuas South from the rest of the island, and vice versa. It was formerly W17 before the opening.

It was first announced on 11 January 2011 by Transport Minister Mr Raymond Lim in a speech while visiting Bedok when new platform screen doors opened there. It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.

Ol Doinyo Lengai

Ol Doinyo Lengai is a volcano in the East African Rift in Tanzania. The name means Mountain of God in the Maasai language. 

Ol Doinyo Lengai is the only volcano in the world that erupts a rock known as carbonatite. This is a rock which has greater than 50% of carbonate minerals.

Howard, Kansas

Howard is a city in Elk County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Elk County. In 2020, 570 people lived there.

Howard was created in 1870. It was incorporated as a city in 1877. Howard was named after Oliver O. Howard. He was a Union Army general during the Civil War, and he created Howard University. The first post office in Howard was created in February 1870. In 1901, Howard was a sundown town where African Americans were not allowed to live.

Howard is at (37.469434, -96.263043). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 570 people, 268 households, and 148 families living in Howard. Of the households, 71.6% owned their home and 28.4% rented their home.

The median age was 51.5 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 0.4% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.1% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 687 people, 318 households, and 176 families living in Howard.


Bee Movie

Bee Movie is a comedy movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It is about a bee attempting to restore flowers for honey.

Russell, Kansas

Russell is the biggest city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Russell County. In 2020, 4,401 people lived there.

In 1871, colonists from Ripon, Wisconsin created Russell. It was named after the county. Russell was incorporated and became the temporary county seat in 1872. After a two-year disagreement with Bunker Hill, it became the permanent county seat in 1874. In 1876, Volga Germans, mostly from the area around Saratov and Samara in Russia, started moving in and around Russell.

The first discovery oil well in Russell County was drilled west of Russell in 1923. An oil boom started and lasted through the 1930s, attracting settlers from Oklahoma and Texas. Petroleum production became an important part of the local economy.

Russell came to national attention in the mid-1990s. This was because it was the hometown of U.S. Senators Bob Dole and Arlen Specter when both men campaigned for the U.S. presidency. Dole was born and raised in Russell, and it remained his official place of residence throughout his political career.

Russell is at (38.889807, -98.857113). It has an elevation of 1,827 feet (557 m). It is in north-central Kansas at the intersection of Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 281. Russell is about northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The city is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. It is about south of the Saline River and north of the Smoky Hill River. Fossil Creek, a tributary of the Smoky Hill River, goes just south of the city. It has been dammed to make a small reservoir called Fossil Lake.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,401 people, 1,930 households, and 1,091 families living in Russell. Of the households, 68.1% owned their home and 31.9% rented their home.

The median age was 42.9 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.7% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,506 people, 2,041 households, and 1,216 families living in Russell.

Russell Regional Hospital is the only hospital in Russell. It was created in 1942. It is a private, non-profit, 54-bed general medical and surgical facility.

"The Russell County News" is the local newspaper. it is published weekly on Thursdays. It was a daily newspaper until 2000. It then became a twice-weekly newspaper from 2001-15.

Russell is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.

Notable individuals who were born in and/or have lived in Russell include:


Paraíso, Costa Rica

Paraíso () is a small city in Costa Rica, located 8 km southeast of Cartago. It is a tourist attraction due to its exceptionally beautiful surrounding locales. It was founded in 1823.

Kay Hagan

Janet Kay Hagan (née Ruthven; May 26, 1953 – October 28, 2019) was an American lawyer, businesswoman, and politician. She was a United States Senator from North Carolina from 2009 to 2015. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Hagan was a member of the North Carolina Senate from 1999 to 2009.

Hagan became Senator after beating Republican Senator Elizabeth Dole in the 2008 election. She became the first woman to beat an incumbent woman in a U.S. Senate election. She ran for re-election in 2014 and lost to Republican challenger Thom Tillis in a close race.

Hagan died on October 28, 2019 in Greensboro, North Carolina from problems caused by encephalitis, aged 66.

Shelby, North Carolina

Shelby is a city in and the county seat of Cleveland County, North Carolina, United States. It lies near the western edge of the Charlotte combined statistical area. The population was 21,918 at the 2020 census.

Cleveland County, North Carolina

Cleveland County is a county on the southern border of the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 99,519. Its county seat is Shelby.

The county was made in 1841 from parts of Lincoln and Rutherford counties.

These counties are bordered to Cleveland County:

These communities are in Cleveland County:




Max Cleland

Joseph Maxwell Cleland (August 24, 1942 – November 9, 2021) was an American politician. Cleland, a Democrat, was a disabled US Army veteran of the Vietnam War. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from 1997 through 2003.

From 2003 to 2007, he was on the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. From 2009 to 2017, he was Secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission.

He lost serval limbs when he was blown by a grenade during his service in the Vietnam War.

Cleland died on November 9, 2021 at his home in Atlanta, Georgia from heart failure, aged 79.

John W. Nicholson

John William Nicholson (born c. 1934) is an American retired Brigadier General of the United States Army. He was appointed secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) by President George W. Bush in January 2005. He is the brother of Jim Nicholson, a former Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He was born in Struble, Iowa.

Minneapolis, Kansas

Minneapolis is a city in Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Ottawa County. In 2020, 1,946 people lived there.

Minneapolis was originally called Markley's Mills. It was renamed Minneapolis about 1871, after Minneapolis, Minnesota. A railroad was built through Minneapolis in 1878.

Minneapolis had its own minor league baseball team called the Minnies in 1905. They also had it from 1908-1909, and again in 1912, alternately as part of the Kansas State League or Central Kansas League.

Minneapolis is at (39.124719, -97.705209). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Minneapolis is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,946 people, 785 households, and 473 families living in Minneapolis. Of the households, 71.8% owned their home and 28.2% rented their home.

The median age was 42.2 years. Of the people, 92.2% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,032 people, 832 households, and 528 families living in Minneapolis.



Rudy Ray Moore

Rudolph Frank Moore (March 17, 1927October 19, 2008), known as Rudy Ray Moore, was an American comedian, musician, singer, movie actor, and movie producer. He created the character Dolemite, the pimp from the 1975 movie "Dolemite" and its sequels, "The Human Tornado" and "The Return of Dolemite". The character was developed during his early comedy records. He was known as "the Godfather of Rap".

Oriental Telephone Company

The Oriental Telephone Company was a company that Alexander Graham Bell created to manufacture his telephones.

Doom Eternal

Doom Eternal is the sequel to the video game Doom (2016). It can be played on the PC, Xbox One,PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, and can also be played on most devices with the help of cloud play, as seen on here where Doom Eternal is hacked onto a $10 calculator (Credit to Taki Udon).

Similar to the story of Doom 2, the demons from Hell invade Earth. According to Id Software, they hoped to expand the Doom story much more than in the earlier Doom games. Places where the player goes include Earth, Mars, Phobos (one of Mars's moons), Sentinel Prime, Argent d'Nur, Nekravol, and even the game's version of Heaven, Urdak. Some of these planets have been taken over or are being taken over by the Hell dimension.

The monsters and weapons have been redesigned so that they look more like the ones in Doom and Doom 2. Each weapon received new attachments, so they play differently than they did in Doom (2016). The game also added new mechanics like extra lives, wall-climbing, air-dashing, swinging from monkey bars, and swinging from grappling hooks. The player also received a flamethrower so that they can gain armor points when they damage inflamed enemies. The game is designed where certain body parts of the demon enemies can be damaged, so attacking and destroying those body parts can disable certain attacks and make them easier to kill, these are called weak points, examples include: Arachnotron turrets, Mancubus guns, and Revenant turrets, just to name a few.

The game is designed to be much more difficult than the earlier games because the player has much less ammunition and the enemies are more aggressive.

The game has multiplayer like its prequel, but there is a new mechanic called Invasion Mode where players can play as demons and invade other players' campaigns to kill them, though Id Software said that players allowing this feature in their own campaigns would be up to themselves (Editor's Note: Invasion mode will likely never be added, as it has been 3 years since release and we have heard nothing yet from ID Software).

Social Liberal Party (Brazil)

The Social Liberal Party (; often abbreviated as PSL) is a right-wing conservative party in Brazil. Until 2018, the main ideology followed by the party was social-liberalism, however, with the membership of the controversial congressman Jair Bolsonaro, the party shifted its political positions to more right-wing and conservative-oriented ones, namely economic liberalism, liberalism, monarchism and anti-communism.

The party was founded on October 30, 1994. Its current president is Luciano Bivar. 

In the 2018 Presidential elections in Brazil, the party won through Jair Bolsonaro, defeating far-left rival Fernando Haddad, a member of the Workers' Party, thus making Bolsonaro the President-elected of Brazil. He received more support from Evangelical Christians, the middle-class, farmers, as well as from people in South Brazil.


World Anti-Doping Agency

The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA; French: "Agence mondiale antidopage", AMA) is a foundation to fight against drugs in sport. It was set up by the International Olympic Committee and is based in Canada.

WADA promotes, coordinates and monitors the fight against drugs in sports. The agency does scientific research, educates, and has anti-doping capability. It monitors the World Anti-Doping Code. This is enforced by the UNESCO International Convention against Doping in Sport. The Council of Europe Anti-Doping Convention and the United States Anti-Doping Agency have similar aims, and work with WADA.

Muesli

Muesli (pronounced as ) is a type of breakfast cereal made with rolled oats and other ingredients such as grains, nuts, seeds and fresh or dried fruits. Muesli is often served with milk or yoghurt, or occasionally with fruit juice. These liquids are usually added to soften the muesli and to add extra flavor.

Muesli was first developed in 1900 by Swiss physician Maximilian Bircher-Benner. He invented muesli so that patients in his hospital were able to eat a ready-made meal in a dry form, either made fresh or stored.

Zoltán Jeney

Zoltán Jeney (March 4, 1943 – October 28, 2019) was a Hungarian composer. Jeney was a professor at the Liszt Ferenc Academy of Music in Budapest, where he was Head of the Department of Composition. Several of his compositions were released on the Hungaroton label.


The Durrells

The Durrells (known in North America as The Durrells in Corfu) is a British comedy-drama television series loosely based on Gerald Durrell's three autobiographical books about his family's four years (1935–1939) on the Greek island of Corfu. It won the Broadcasting Press Guild Award for best actress in 2017 for Keeley Hawes.


Keeley Hawes

Keeley Hawes (born 10 February 1976) is an English actress and singer. She played on The Durrells. She won an award in 2017 for best actress in the Durrells.

She was born on 10 February 1976 in Marylebone at St Mary's Hospital, London. She is the youngest of four children. As a teenager she worked in different part-time jobs such as a casino, Sainsbury's and McDonald’s. Once a modelling scout came to here at Oxford Street. She started working with a Select Model Management. She worked with teen magazine "Shout", and became a fashion intern for "Cosmopolitan". She was first asked to audition for a film during this period.

Hawes started acting in 1989. In the 1990s she played roles in "Heartbeat" (1995), "Troublemakers", Dennis Potter's "Karaoke" (1995) and "The Beggar Bride" (1997). Her first film role was in the 1998, she played Tamara in "The Avengers".

In 2012, Keeley Hawes started to work with UNICEF.

 on IMDb

Year of the Rabbit (TV series)

Year of the Rabbit is a British sitcom. Keeley Hawes plays in it.

Stephen P. Cohen

Stephen Philip Cohen (1936 – October 27, 2019) was an American political scientist and professor of security studies. He was a known expert on Pakistan, India, and South Asian security. 

He was a senior fellow in foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution and an emeritus professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He authored at least 12 books, and named as one of America's 500 most influential people in foreign affairs.

Cohen died on October 27, 2019 at the age of 83.


Ministry of Human Rights (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Human Rights (, abbreviated as MoHR) is a federal government agency in Pakistan. The ministry is headed by Shireen Mazari, the Minister for Human Rights, while Rabiya Javeri Agha serves as Federal Secretary. The historically contentious issue of human rights in Pakistan received an added emphasis from the highest leadership of Pakistan when the ministry was chipped out of the Ministry of Law and Justice on November 3, 2008

Shireen Mazari

Shireen Mehrunnisa Mazari () is a Pakistani politician who is the current Federal Minister for Human Rights, in office since 20 August 2018. She has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018, and serves as a chief whip for Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. Previously, she was a member of the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018.

Gerald Baliles

Baliles died on October 29, 2019 under hospice care in Charlottesville, Virginia at the age of 79. He had kidney cancer and pulmonary fibrosis at the time of his death.

Shinsegae

Shinsegae (, )
Shinsegae (Korean: 신세계, ) is an South Korean department store, along with many other businesses, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. The name Shinsegae literally means "New World" in Korean. Its flagship store in Centum City, Busan, was the world's largest department store at , surpassing Macy's flagship Herald Square in New York City in 2009.

Shinsegae was originally part of the Samsung Group "chaebol", separated in the 1990s from the Samsung Group along with CJ Group (Food/Chemicals/Entertainment), Saehan Group (Electronic Media/Apparel/Textiles), and the Hansol Group (Paper/Telecom). The chairman Lee Myung-hee is the daughter of Samsung founder Lee Byung-chull and younger sister of the chairman of Samsung Electronics Lee Kun-hee.

The group owns the brands Shinsegae and E-Mart, and is in direct competition with Lotte Shopping and Hyundai Department Store Group. Currently, it is the largest retailer in South Korea.


Parris Glendening

Parris Nelson Glendening (born June 11, 1942) is an American politician. He was the 59th Governor of Maryland from January 18, 1995 to January 15, 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Table of keyboard shortcuts

Juana Maria

Juana Maria, born on San Nicolas Island, CA, better known to history as the Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island, was a Native American woman who was the last surviving member of her tribe, the Nicoleño. She lived alone on San Nicolas Island off the coast of California from 1835 until her rescue in 1853. She died after getting dysentery. A children's book, "Island of the Blue Dolphins" was based on her. 

Most of her tribe was killed in massacres, which took place in 1814. In 1835, most of the remaining tribe was brought to the mainland, where they died of different diseases. Since then, Juana Maria was probably the only person to live on the island. She was found and brought to the mainland, in 1853. At that time, no one could understand her language any more, and people could only communicate with her using hand signs. Today, only a few isolate words and two songs are known of the language. 

The Nicoleño language has been extinct since Juana Maria's death. It is only known from four words and two songs attributed to her. This evidence was recorded by non-speakers, because no one could be found who could understand Juana Maria. The four Nicoleño words that were translated were "tocah", meaning "animal hide", "nache", meaning "man", "toygwah", meaning "sky", and "puoochay", meaning "body".

One of the songs was recorded as follows:Toki Toki yahamimena (×3)weleshkima nishuyahamimena (×2)Toki Toki ... (continue as above)

The following text was published by an anonymous writer in Sacramento's "Daily Democratic State Journal" on October 13, 1853:The wild woman who was found on the island of San Nicolas about 70 miles from the coast, west of Santa Barbara, is now at the latter place and is looked upon as a curiosity. It is stated she has been some 18 to 20 years alone on the island. She existed on shell fish and the fat of the seal, and dressed in the skins and feathers of wild ducks, which she sewed together with sinews of the seal. She cannot speak any known language, is good-looking and about middle age. She seems to be contented in her new home among the good people of Santa Barbara.

Next United Kingdom general election

The Next United Kingdom general election must be held no later than Tuesday 28 January 2025, after the Dissolution and Calling of Parliament Act 2022 repealed the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011.

Most of the polling data says it will be a very narrow election. Some polls don't include Northern Ireland because their parties are different to the UK's. Current polling data from the electionpolling.co.uk website says the Conservatives will get a 2 seat majority

Al Bianchi

Alfred A. Bianchi (March 26, 1932 – October 28, 2019) was an American professional basketball player, coach, general manager, consultant and scout. He was born in New York City. He played for the Syracuse Nationals/Philadelphia 76ers from 1956 through 1966. He coached the Seattle SuperSonics from 1967 through 1969. Bianchi was also the general manager for the New York Knicks.

Bianchi died on October 28, 2019 in Phoenix, Arizona from congestive heart failure at the age of 87.

Hans-Peter Uhl

Hans-Peter Uhl (5 August 1944 – 29 October 2019) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria. Uhl was born in Tübingen, Nazi Germany. Uhl was a member of the member of the German Bundestag from 1998 through 2017.

Uhl died on 29 October 2019 of a long-illness at the age of 75.

Friday (1995 movie)

Friday is a 1995 American stoner comedy movie directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, Nia Long

The movie was released on April 26, 1995. It received positive reviews from critics. It has a 76% on Rotten Tomatoes.

William Davies as Tulip Spud Walker 

Chris Tucker as Smokey 

Mia Owen as Chris Laleti

Jarrid Geduld as Ashwin Hunter

Joe Simmons as Mr Walker 

Amalia Uys as Mrs Walker

Madea Simmons as Madea Walker 

Gys Kotze as Mr Stan

Jerry Mofokeng as Stanley

Daniah De Villiers as 10 Years Old Kid

In Cape Town South Africa

Jim Geringer

James Edward Geringer (born April 24, 1944) is an American politician. He was the 30th Governor of Wyoming from 1995 to 2003.

Geringer is one of the founding governors of Western Governors University (WGU) and is currently chairman of the WGU Board of Trustees.


Rosemary Harris (writer)

Rosemary Jeanne Harris (20 February 1923 – 14 October 2019) was a British writer of children's fiction. She won the 1968 Carnegie Medal for British children's books. She was known for her "The Moon in the Cloud" trilogy. Harris was born in London.

Harris died on 14 October 2019 at the age of 96.

ContraPoints

Natalie Wynn (born October 21, 1988) is an American YouTuber and feminist writer. Her videos focus on topics such as politics, gender, and philosophy on her channel ContraPoints, which is seen as an inspiration for left-wing video essays on YouTube.

Wynn was born in Arlington, Virginia. She is a transgender woman and a lesbian. Her videos' main themes are not usually her own identity, but viewers get to follow her journey as she explores her own identity as side notes during her philosophical videos.


Adore Delano

Daniel Anthony Noriega, better known by the stage name Adore Delano, (born September 29, 1989) is an American drag queen, singer-songwriter, and television personality. Noriega was a contestant on the seventh season of "American Idol" in 2008 and later competed in the sixth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race".

Marion County, Oregon

Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The population was 345,920 at the 2020 census. It is the fifth-most populous county in Oregon. The county seat is Salem. 

Lotfollah Safi Golpaygani

Grand Ayatollah Lotfollah Safi Golpaygani (; February 20, 1919 – February 1, 2022) was one of the most senior Twelver Shia Marja. He was a supporter of the Islamic revolution in Iran. 

In 2012 he became widely known for his fatwa calling for the death of rapper Shahin Najafi for apostasy.

Golpaygani died in Qom, Iran on 1 February 2022 from cardiac arrest at the age of 102.

Janusz A. Brzozowski

Janusz John Antoni Brzozowski (May 10, 1935 – October 24, 2019) was a Polish-Canadian computer scientist. He was a Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the University of Waterloo's David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science.

From 1967 to 1996 he was Professor at the University of Waterloo. He was known for his works to mathematical logic, circuit theory, and automata theory.

Brzozowski died of cancer at his home in Waterloo, Ontario on October 24, 2019 at the age of 84.


Russell Brookes

Russell Brookes (16 August 1945 – 30 October 2019) was a British former rally driver. He won the British Rally Championship with a Ford Escort RS1800 in 1977 and with an Opel Manta 400 in 1985. 

In 1978, he won the Rally New Zealand, a round of the FIA Cup for Drivers, the predecessor to the World Championship for Drivers. 

In the World Rally Championship, he finished on the podium of his home event, the RAC Rally, three times in a row from 1977 to 1979.

Brookes died on 30 October 2019 at the age of 74. 

David Price (politician)

David Eugene Price (born August 17, 1940) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1997 to 2023, previously holding the position from 1987 to 1995. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

In October 2021, Price announced that he would be retiring from Congress in 2022.


Erwin, Tennessee

Erwin is a town in and the county seat of Unicoi County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 6,083 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area.

1973 Chilean coup d'état

The 1973 Chilean coup d'état was a critical moment in both the history of Chile and the Cold War. 

Following many years of social unrest and political tension between the opposition-controlled Congress of Chile and the socialist President Salvador Allende, as well as economic warfare ordered by US President Richard Nixon. 

Allende was overthrown by the armed forces and national police.

The presidential palace was bombed. During the air raids and ground attacks that preceded the coup, Allende gave his final speech, in which he vowed to stay in the presidential palace. Direct witness accounts of Allende's death agree that he killed himself in the palace.

This marked the beginning of the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.

Gove City, Kansas

Gove City is a city in Gove County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Gove County. In 2020, 80 people lived there.

Gove City was created in 1885. It became the county seat in 1886, and it incorporated in 1888. It is named after Grenville Gove. He was a member of the 11th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Gove City is at (38.959462, -100.487071). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 80 people, 36 households, and 19 families living in Gove City. Of the households, 88.9% owned their home and 11.1% rented their home.

The median age was 39.7 years. Of the people, 90.0% were White and 10.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 80 people, 37 households, and 22 families living in Gove City.

Gove is a part of USD 292 Wheatland. The Wheatland High School mascot is a Thunderhawk.

Gove High School was closed through school unification. The Gove High School mascot was the Gove Panthers.


Diosdado Peralta

Diosdado "Dado" Madarang Peralta (born March 27, 1952) is a Filipino jurist. He was appointed as the 26th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines by President Rodrigo Duterte on October 23, 2019. He was Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from January 13, 2009 to October 22, 2019. 

Alan Peter Cayetano

Alan Peter Schramm Cayetano (born October 28, 1970) is a Filipino politician and diplomat. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2019 to 2020.

He also was the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines from 2017 to 2018. From 2007 to 2017, he was a Senator of the Philippines.

Girard, Kansas

Girard is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Crawford County. In 2020, 2,496 people lived there.

Girard was created in the spring of 1868. It was named after the town of Girard, Pennsylvania, the old home of Charles Strong. It was built around a railroad line of the Kansas City, Fort Scott and Gulf Railroad. They built it there to try to gain an advantage over its rival, Crawfordsville.

The first post office in Girard was created in September 1868.

The first celebration in Girard happened on July 4, 1868, marking Sunday school and Independence Day. Under a law passed in March 1871, Girard became a third class city. In early April the first city officers were elected. The last meeting of the trustees was held April 5, and the first meeting of the new Council was held on April 7.

In May 2003, four people were killed and over a dozen injured by the biggest tornado in Crawford County. At least ten people died in southeast Kansas and southwest Missouri. The Girard tornado was first rated as an F4, but is a strong candidate for an upgrade to F5 status.

Girard is at (37.508855, -94.84552). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,496 people, 1,008 households, and 661 families living in Girard. Of the households, 64.9% owned their home and 35.1% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 88.9% were White, 1.9% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.5% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,789 people, 1,080 households, and 710 families living in Girard.

"Hometown Girard" is the local newspaper. It started on February 15, 2013. It is published every two weeks.



Hiawatha, Kansas

Hiawatha (Ioway: "Hári Wáta" pronounced ) is the biggest city in Brown County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Brown County. In 2020, 3,280 people lived there.

Hiawatha was created in 1857. This makes it one of the oldest towns in Kansas. John M. Coe, John P. Wheller, and Thomas J. Drummond were important in creating the city, and the place was found on February 17, 1857. B.L. Rider was responsible for naming Hiawatha. It was named after Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem, "The Song of Hiawatha". Hiawatha became the Brown County Seat in 1858. The first school opened in 1870.

The main street was called Oregon Street after the Oregon Trail. Parallel streets north of it were named after Indian tribes north of the Trail, and streets south carried tribal names of those south of the Trail.

Hiawatha is named after a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow called "The Song of Hiawatha". The Onondaga and Mohawk Indian leader Hiawatha is in the poem. Next the former Ioway-Sac reservation and the present-day Ioway Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska, Hiawatha is called "Hári Wáta" in Ioway. It means "I am looking far away". This name may be the result of choosing Ioway words that sound like the English name. It has nothing to do with the Onondaga-Mohawk leader.

The city has also had the oldest Halloween parade in the United States. They started it in 1914.

Hiawatha is at (39.851855, -95.537999). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,280 people, 1,378 households, and 798 families living in Hiawatha. Of the households, 60.7% owned their home and 39.3% rented their home.

The median age was 41.4 years. Of the people, 85.6% were White, 2.6% were Native American, 1.8% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,172 people, 1,369 households, and 843 families living in Hiawatha.



Phillipsburg, Kansas

Phillipsburg is a city in Phillips County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Phillips County. In 2020, 2,337 people lived there.

Phillipsburg was created in 1872. It became the county seat because it is in the middle of the county. It became county seat on July 26, 1872, but the first people did not come until Fall 1872. It was named after politician and journalist William A. Phillips. Phillipsburg was incorporated as a city in 1880.

The first post office was created in Phillipsburg on December 23, 1872. The first postmaster was Fred A Dutton. The name of the post office was spelled Phillipsburgh until 1893. Named in honor of John Bissel, Fort Bissel was built in 1872 to protect against possible harm from Native Americans. It closed in 1878. The Fort was rebuilt in the city park in 1962. The first cemetery in the town, Close cemetery, was created on March 19, 1879 by the Fairview cemetery association. It was given to the city on June 4, 1889. A branch of the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was created through Phillipsburg in 1887. Also in 1887 complete telephone systems were installed in the city. A fire almost destroyed the entire town square in 1906. The current courthouse was built in 1912. "Kansas' Biggest Rodeo" was first held in 1929. It happens every year on the last weekend in July or first weekend in August.

In 1939, Consumer's Cooperative Association opened the world's first cooperative oil refinery on the north edge of town. It closed in 1992.

Phillipsburg is at (39.755173, -99.322331). It is in northwestern Kansas on the western edge of the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Phillipsburg is in the middle of Phillips County. It is about 20 miles south of the Nebraska border. The city is on the north side of Deer Creek, a tributary of the North Fork of the Solomon River. Plotner Creek, a tributary of Deer Creek, goes south along the western edge of the city. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Phillipsburg's climate is either a humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cwa") or a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dwa"). Phillipsburg meets the criteria for a true winter dry season under the Köppen climate classification, which is a rare for its region and for the United States outside of South Florida. The average temperature for the year in Phillipsburg is 51 °F (11 °C), and the average yearly precipitation is 23.3 inches (594 mm). On average, January is the coldest month, July is the hottest month. May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Phillipsburg was 120 °F (49 °C) in 1936; the coldest temperature ever was -28 °F (-33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,337 people, 1,040 households, and 601 families living in Phillipsburg. Of the households, 70.6% owned their home and 29.4% rented their home.

The median age was 43.0 years. Of the people, 93.5% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.5% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 0.5% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,581 people, 1,116 households, and 702 families living in Phillipsburg.

Phillipsburg is has the USD 325.

The Phillipsburg Panthers have won the following Kansas State High School championships:



Norton, Kansas

Norton is a city in Norton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Norton County. In 2020, 2,747 people lived there.

Norton was created in 1872. It was named after Capt. Orloff Norton.

The first hotel in Norton was a log house. It was built in 1873.

One of the first pictures of a tornado was taken in Norton in 1909. The photographer was Will Keller.

Norton is at (39.836219, -99.891596). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The city is on the north side of Prairie Dog Creek in Norton County. Before the Bureau of Reclamation built Keith Sebelius Lake in 1963, Norton had a lot of floods. The dam has since fixed the problem, and it created the current reservoir that sits southwest of Norton. The Nebraska border is north of Norton.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,747 people, 1,213 households, and 692 families living in Norton. Of the households, 66.5% owned their home and 33.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.0 years. Of the people, 90.2% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.7% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 1.1% were from some other race, and 6.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,928 people, 1,290 households, and 763 families living in Norton.



Ness City, Kansas

Ness City is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Ness County. In 2020, 1,329 people lived there. Ness City is famous for its four-story Old Ness County Bank Building in downtown, and nicknamed "Skyscraper of the Plains".

Ness City was created in 1878. The town grew a lot when a railroad was built there in 1886.

Ness City is at (38.454055, -99.904656). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,329 people, 595 households, and 340 families living in Ness City. Of the households, 79.5% owned their home and 20.5% rented their home.

The median age was 48.8 years. Of the people, 86.1% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 8.2% were from some other race, and 5.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,449 people, 635 households, and 392 families living in Ness City.


Dighton, Kansas

Dighton is a city in Lane County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Lane County. In 2020, 960 people lived there. Dighton is named after Dick Dighton, a surveyor.

Dighton is at (38.48101, -100.466367). It is at the intersection of K-96 and K-23. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 960 people, 461 households, and 244 families living in Dighton. Of the households, 75.5% owned their home and 24.5% rented their home.

The median age was 48.5 years. Of the people, 88.4% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 4.4% were from some other race, and 6.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,038 people, 506 households, and 282 families living in Dighton.

Dighton USD 482 Public Schools has two schools in Dighton. They are the Dighton Jr/Sr High School and the Dighton Elementary School.

The Lane County Library is in Dighton.


Troy, Kansas

Troy is a city in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Doniphan County. In 2020, 964 people lived there.

Troy was platted in 1855. It was named after the ancient city of Troy. The first house in Troy was built in 1856, and the first store opened in 1857. Troy was incorporated as a city in 1860. The first post office in Troy was created in March 1857.

Troy is at (39.788099, -95.090840). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Troy is part of the St. Joseph, MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 964 people, 412 households, and 246 families living in Troy. Of the households, 66.7% owned their home and 33.3% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 94.2% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.6% were from some other race, and 4.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,010 people, 421 households, and 275 families living in Troy.



Westmoreland, Kansas

Westmoreland is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Pottawatomie County. In 2020, 740 people lived there.

Westmoreland was platted in 1871. It was named after Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.

Westmoreland is at (39.39416, -96.41367). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Westmoreland is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 740 people, 278 households, and 183 families living in Westmoreland. Of the households, 66.9% owned their home and 33.1% rented their home.

The median age was 37.5 years. Of the people, 92.7% were White, 1.1% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 4.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 778 people, 301 households, and 192 families living in Westmoreland.



Washington, Kansas

Washington is a city in, and the county seat of, Washington County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,071.

Washington was created in spring 1860. In 1860, it became the county seat. Until the end of the American Civil War, it was protected by two stockaded buildings, the Washington Company House and Woolbert's Stockade Hotel.

The first post office in Washington was created in November 1861.

Washington is at (39.816877, -97.052503). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,071 people, 479 households, and 267 families living in Washington. Of the households, 74.1% owned their home and 25.9% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 90.8% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.1% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,131 people, 512 households, and 311 families living in Washington.



Lose You to Love Me

"Lose You to Love Me" is a song performed by American singer-actress Selena Gomez. It was released on October 23, 2019, as the dual lead single (along with “Look at Her Now”) from her third solo album, "Rare". Gomez wrote the song with Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, and its producer, Mattman & Robin. FINNEAS, known for producing his sister Billie Eilish's songs, produced this song as well.

In an interview with Radio.com, Gomez explained that the song was about rediscovering self-worth.

In its first week on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the song entered at number 15 but jumped to #1 the next week, giving Gomez her first US number-one hit.

WaKeeney, Kansas

WaKeeney is a city in Trego County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Trego County. In 2020 census, 1,799 people lived there.

In 1877, James Keeney, a land speculator in Chicago, bought land at the place of modern-day WaKeeney from the Kansas Pacific Railway. He, and business partner Albert Warren, created Warren, Keeney, & Co., surveyed and plotted the site in 1878. They created a colony there in 1879. They named the colony WaKeeney, a portmanteau of their last names. 

They said it was "The Queen City of the High Plains", advertising and holding celebrations to attract settlers. The colony grew quickly, but crop failures made settlers leave in 1880 as quickly as they had come. By 1882, all that was left were "five poorly patronized retail stores". Years later, Volga Germans began settling the area.

WaKeeney became the county seat in June 1879. It was incorporated as a city in 1880.

WaKeeney is at (39.023449, -99.881455) at an elevation of 2,447 feet (746 m). It is in northwestern Kansas at the intersection of Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 283. It is northwest of Wichita, east-southeast of Denver, and west of Kansas City.

WaKeeney is in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is about north of Big Creek, a tributary of the Smoky Hill River. A small tributary of Big Creek goes south from near the center of the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

WaKeeney has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"). It has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature is 52.8 °F (11 °C), and the average yearly precipitation is 23.6 inches (600 mm). Snowfall averages 25.2 inches (640 mm) per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in WaKeeney was 110 °F (43 °C) in 1980; the coldest temperature ever was -25 °F (-32 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,799 people, 837 households, and 482 families living in the city. Of the households, 73.5% owned their home and 26.5% rented their home.

The median age was 47.4 years. Of the people, 93.6% were White, 0.6% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 5.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,862 people, 864 households, and 500 families residing in the city.

Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40 run concurrently southeast-northwest just south of WaKeeney. They intersect U.S. Route 283, which goes north-south through WaKeeney. U.S. 283 goes east-west for one mile in downtown WaKeeney. It is concurrent with U.S. Route 40 Business and the old alignment of U.S. 40.

Trego WaKeeney Airport is on the west side of U.S. 283. It is just south of I-70. The airport is publicly owned. It has one concrete runway. It is used for general aviation.

Union Pacific Railroad has one freight railroad, the Kansas Pacific (KP) line, through WaKeeney. It goes east-west through the WaKeeney.

The "Western Kansas World" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.

K231BG is a translator of radio station KJIL in Copeland, Kansas. It broadcasts from WaKeeney on 94.1 FM. It plays a Contemporary Christian format.

WaKeeney is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.



Hill City, Kansas

Hill City is a city in Graham County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Graham County. In 2020, 1,403 people lived there.

The first settlement at Hill City was made in 1876. This makes it the oldest town in Graham County. The community was named after W. R. Hill, a first settler. Hill City was platted in 1878. The first post office in Hill City was created in September 1878. Hill City was designated county seat in 1880. By 1915, Hill City had 647 people living there.

Hill City located at (39.367067, -99.846041). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On June 26, 2012 the temperature reached 115 °F (46 °C), breaking the June record tied just 2 days earlier. It was the hottest city in the United States for four days in a row it had temperatures of 114°, 111°, 115°, and 115 °F (46°, 44°, 46°, and 46 °C).

On June 9, 2005 a large tornado passed 1 mile south of Hill City. A large tornado hit just north of the city on June 20, 2011.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,403 people, 625 households, and 359 families living in Hill City. Of the households, 68.3% owned their home and 31.7% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 92.3% were White, 2.0% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.4% were from some other race, and 3.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,474 people, 669 households, and 404 families living in Hill City.

Hill City is served by USD 281 Graham County. The district high school is in Hill City. The Hill City High School mascot is Ringnecks.

The Hill City Ringnecks have won the following Kansas State High School championships:



Holton, Kansas

Holton is a city in Jackson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jackson County. In 2020, 3,401 people lived there.

In 1859, the abolitionist John Brown took a group of escaped slaves through Holton. This lead to an incident called the "Battle of the Spurs".

Holton is at (39.469861, -95.732555). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Holton has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says Holton has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Holton is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,401 people, 1,410 households, and 784 families living in Holton. Of the households, 58.4% owned their home and 41.6% rented their home.

The median age was 39.2 years. Of the people, 83.7% were White, 3.3% were Native American, 1.8% were Black, 0.6% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.7% were from some other race, and 7.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,329 people, 1,442 households, and 832 families living in Holton.



Hoxie, Kansas

Hoxie is a city in Sheridan County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Sheridan County. In 2020, 1,211 people lived there.

Hoxie was planned in early 1886. The town creators convinced the residents of Kenneth, a community three miles to the north and the current county seat, to move south (including their buildings) at their expense to the new site of Hoxie. The people of Kenneth knew a railroad would go through Hoxie and not Kenneth, so the offer sounded good. The towns agreed to consolidate and carry out that plan, making Hoxie the new county seat. It was named for H. M. Hoxie, a railroad official. The railroad (which became part of the Union Pacific Railroad) came in 1888.

The 99-mile Plainville-Colby line of the Union Pacific railroad was abandoned in 1998. It went through Hoxie.

Hoxie is at (39.355828, -100.439844). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Hoxie has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Hoxie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,211 people, 504 households, and 300 families living in Hoxie. Of the households, 70.2% owned their home and 29.8% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 2.0% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,201 people, 546 households, and 341 families living in Hoxie.

"The Sheridan Sentinel" is the local newspaper. It was published once per week. The name changed from "The Hoxie Sentinel" in 2016. "The Hoxie Sentinel" was created in 1884. It was called the "Weekly Sentinel". It was called "The Hoxie Sentinel" from 1886 to 2016.



Sápara

Sápara people, also Zápara people or Sáparos, are natives of the Amazon rainforest. They have lived around the border of Peru and Ecuador long before the Spanish colonization of the Americas. Their oral traditions and expressions were declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO. Since 2009, the Sápara people are a Nation inside of the Republic of Ecuador.

About 480 Sáparos live in 400,000 hectares of Amazonian territory between the Conambo and Pinduyacu rivers, and between the rivers Curaray and Napo inside of the Yasuni National Park in Ecuador. There are also a hundred Sáparos living in two towns, Arabelas and Iquitos, near the river Tigre in Peru. Most of the Sápara territory is located within these coordinates: latitude: -2.2186; longitude: -76.5087. <mapframe latitude="-2.2186" longitude="-76.5087" zoom="10" width="400" height="300" align="right" />The Sápara people are the smallest native group in the Ecuadorian Amazon. The population has decreased from about 200,000 people in the 16 century to almost 500 in the second decade of the 21 century. They live in the Ecuadorian towns of Kuitza (Llanchamacocha), Aremano (Jandiayacu), Mazaraka (Mazaramu), Cuyacocha, and Akamaru. 

In Kichwa language, "Záparo" means a basket made of "bejuco", a tropical woody vine while in the Zaparo language, the word "Zápara" means person of the forest. The spelling of the Nation’s name has been changed to "Sápara" because the Z sound does not exist in the language of the Sáparas.

The Sáparas consider their lands, language and spirituality the three main aspects of their identity. 

Their dress is mainly a vest made out of a bark from the Llanchama tree and a feather headdress. 

Some Sáparas have married persons from other tribes such as the Kichwa, Shuar, and Achuar. However, the people still identify themselves as Sápara. Sáparas have become confused with their neighbors because the young people speak Kichwa and because of their low population. In fact, in the mid-1970s, the Zápara were declared extinct in Ecuador, while in Perú, they were unknown before 2001 although they appeared on the language map of the country. 

The Sápara people do not have a religion. Their mythology and stories develop from their environment. Dreams and the spiritual role of Amazonian animals are important for Sáparas when making decisions. 

During the 20 century, missionaries came to the rainforest to convert native people to Christianity. The Sáparas have refused these outside influences. Even when speaking Spanish, some leaders prefer not to use vocabulary related to western ideas, such as the word "devil". 

Zaparoan, or "Saparoan", is a family of languages. Within this group, there are five separate languages: Coronado, Omurano, Andoa, Gae and "Záparo". More than a dozen extinct tribes spoke the Zaparoan languages. The only Zaparoan languages and dialects alive in modern times are Iquitos, Sabela and Záparo. Iquitos is spoken by 500 people in Peru and the dialect Sabela is spoken by approximately 100 people in Ecuador. 

The Záparo language is spoken, in Ecuador, by 9 Sáparas, elders who are over 60 years"." Most of the Sápara people speak Kichwa, the largest native language in South America, as their mother tongue. In the 20 century, they also started to speak Spanish. 

Ecuador and Perú suggested including the language and cultural expressions of the Sápara people in the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. The UNESCO Intergovernmental Committee made the declaration in November 2008. 

The Sápara people became the Zápara Nationality of Ecuador in 2003. In the beginning, the Sápara organization, NAZAE, represented the towns of Llanchamacocha, Jandiayacu, Mazaramu, and one family in Cuyacocha. Since 2005, the Nation includes the towns of Shiona, Pindoyacu, Balsaura and San José del Curaray. 

In 2009, the Sápara people were ofﬁcially recognized as the Sápara Nation or NASE by the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONFENIAE), and the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE). Because of their distinction, the Sápara Nation became member of the executive board of the Development Council of Nationalities and Peoples of Ecuador, CODENPE. 

The Sápara population decreased because of diseases, forced migrations, and slavery. Diseases brought by rubber companies and religious missionaries reduced the Sápara people to one group. The people also were separated from each other when their land was divided in 1941 during the war between Ecuador and Peru. 

The Sápara Nation have asked for rights such as health and bilingual education, in addition to demanding the Government of Ecuador to help them to keep their language alive. The Sáparas are concerned about their right to own the land where they have lived for centuries and about protecting the environment from the actions of oil, timber and pharmaceutical companies. 

The Sáparas have been fishers, hunters, gatherers and farmers. During the 1940’s, the Sáparas started to move to cities for study and work. At the same time, Sápara men were drafted into the Army. They also left their communities to work for the Shell Oil Company and large plantations. Around 2007, men used to go to the Ecuadorian coast to work for construction companies. Meanwhile, women stayed in the villages taking care of the children, keeping the house and farming. As a result of such migration, most Sápara men have learned Spanish. 

Sápara people have two different education systems, the mainstream educational system and the Intercultural Bilingual Education System of the Governmental Education Division of Ecuador. While some Sáparas have moved to cities to attend Spanish-language high schools, others attend Kichwa-language schools located in their villages. 

Ron Fairly

Ronald Ray Fairly (July 12, 1938 – October 30, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball player and broadcaster. He was born in Macon, Georgia. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, St. Louis Cardinals, Oakland Athletics, Toronto Blue Jays and the California Angels. He broadcasted for the Seattle Mariners.

Fairly died on October 30, 2019 of cancer in Indian Wells, California at the age of 81.

Jim Gregory

James M. Gregory (November 4, 1935 – October 30, 2019) was a Canadian hockey league executive and general manager. He worked in the National Hockey League. He was born in Port Colborne, Ontario. He coached and manage the Toronto Marlboros, winning two championships. He then moved to the National Hockey League's (NHL) Toronto Maple Leafs, becoming their general manager. 

In 2007, Gregory was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Gregory was diagnosed with amyloidosis in 2011. He died on October 30, 2019 at his home in Toronto from the disease at the age of 83.

Mobolaji Johnson

Mobolaji Olufunso Johnson (9 February 1936 – 30 October 2019) was a Nigerian Army Brigadier general and politician. He was military Governor of Lagos State from May 1967 to July 1975 during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon. He was born in Lagos.

Johnson died of a long-illness at a hospital in Lagos on 30 October 2019 at the age of 83.

Azam Taleghani

Azam Taleghani (; 1943 – 30 October 2019) was an Iranian politician, activist and journalist. She was the head of the Society of Islamic Revolution Women of Iran. She was the editor of "Payam Hajar" Weekly, and a member of the Iranian parliament from 1980 through 1984. Taleghani was born in Tehran.

Taleghani was hospitalized in November 2018 after falling at her home in Tehran. She died of a cerebral hemorrhage caused by the fall on 30 October 2019 at the age of 76 in Tehran.

Geetanjali (actress)

Geetanjali (1947 – 31 October 2019) was an Indian actress. She acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi movies for many years. She was famous for her roles in "Illalu", "Sitarama Kalyanam", "Dr. Chakravarthy", "Murali Krishna", "Kaalam Marindi" and "Sambarala Rambabu". She was born in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh.

Geetanjali died of cardiac arrest on 31 October 2019 in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh at the age of 72.

Eric Stevens

Eric James Stevens (born October 1, 1989) is an American football fullback. He played college football for the University of California, Berkeley. The St. Louis Rams signed him as an undrafted free agent in 2013. He works in Los Angeles as a firefighter. 

Stevens was diagnosed with ALS in August 2019.


Rolling Hills Estates, California

Rolling Hills Estates is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The population was 8,280 at the 2020 census.

Anne Triola

Anne Triola (born September 25, 1920) is an American singer, musician, and actress. She is known for her roles in the musical movie "Lullaby Of Broadway" (1951) and "Without Reservations" (1946).

Triola was listed as being one of the most popular performers in the history of Music Circus of the 1950s. 

Khmer people

The Khmer people are 97% of the people of Cambodia. They speak the Khmer language and most follow the Khmer style of Buddhism. There are over 15 million Khmers in Cambodia, and over a million Khmers in both Vietnam and Thailand.

Ceropegia elegans

Ceropegia elegans is a plant species. It is endemic to India and Sri Lanka.

Kimbanguism

Kimbanguism is an African religion practiced by the "Church of Jesus Christ on Earth through his prophet" Simon Kimbangu. It has roots in Christianity and has its headquarters in N'kamba in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

In April 1921, during the Belgian colonization in Congo, Simon Kimbangu started preaching to people and using the powers that he believed he had received from God in visions to heal people. During his ministry, he attracted a large group of people. Under pressure from the Catholic Church, who was afraid of the popularity of the movement, the Belgian authorities tried to arrest Kimbangu on June 09, 1921. They failed in arresting him, and Kimbangu escaped. He continued his ministry in secret before turning himself in on September 12, 1921. He was sentenced to death, but the sentence was changed to life imprisonment. He died in prison in 1951.
During Kimbangu’s imprisonment, Kimbanguism was prohibited, but the followers continued to practice it. It grew through the leadership of Kimbangu’s wife, Muile Marie, and his son, Joseph Diangenda. After Kimbangu’s death, the movement was recognized as a religion by the Belgian authorities in 1959 and became a member of the World Council of Churches in 1969. The church was led by Kimbangu’s youngest son, Joseph Diangenda Kuntima, until his death in 2001. Since 2001, Kimbangu’s grandson, Simon Kimbangu Kiangani, has become the spiritual leader.

Simon Kimbangu is an inspirational figure and he is considered the Black Messiah by his followers.

Three dates are important in Kimbanguist beliefs: April 6 (the start of the ministry of healing), May 25 (Christmas), and October 12 (Kimbangu’s death anniversary). Kimbanguism has roots in Christianity and the Bible. However, it has developed its own beliefs.

The basic principles of the Kimbanguist church are Bolingo (Love in English), Mibeko (Laws in English), and Misala (Works in English). According to Kimbanguist beliefs, Simon Kimbangu is God the Holy Spirit. Charles Kisolokele, his first son, is God the Father. Salomon Dialungana, his second son, is believed to be Jesus Christ who has come back in our times. Joseph Diangenda, his third son, is the reincarnation of his Father, the Holy Spirit.

According to  Kimbanguist rules, polygamy, smoking, drugs, alcohol, eating pork, sleeping naked, and trading on Sundays are all forbidden. During the Sunday services, believers do not wear shoes in the church. Green and white are the colors used in Kimbanguism. Green represents hope and white represents integrity. The churches are painted in these colors, and the believers wear them almost every day. The Kimbanguist has its headquarters in N'kamba, the hometown of Simon Kimbangu, which is considered “the New Jerusalem.” 

Kimbanguism has expanded outside of the Congo. Some smaller communities are in other central African countries, as well as Belgium, France, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

The spiritual leader is the supreme authority of the church. He is followed by the elders, who are the highest level of the Kimbanguist clergy. National and regional representatives make the second level of the leadership of the church. Decisions are made by the elders during meetings of representatives from the congregations. The Kimbanguist Church has its headquarters in N'kamba, the hometown of Simon Kimbangu, which is considered “the New Jerusalem.” Baptism is required to become a member of the church.

Gary A. Lee

Gary Alcide Lee (August 18, 1933 – October 12, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York from 1979 through 1983. Lee was born in Buffalo, New York. 

He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1975 to 1978. After losing his re-election, he moved to Florida where he became Chairman of the Lee County Republican Party.

Lee died on October 12, 2022 in Fort Myers, Florida at the age of 89.

Ken Lucas

Kenneth Ray "Ken" Lucas (born August 22, 1933) is an American politician. Lucas, a Democrat, was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky's 4th congressional district from 1999 until 2005.

On February 2, 2009, he was appointed as Commissioner of the Kentucky Department of Veterans Affairs by Governor Steve Beshear.


Verdana

Verdana is a typeface. This typeface can also be used in Armenian, Latin, Greek, and Cyrillic.

Stanislav Shushkevich

Stanislav Stanislavovich Shushkevich (, Łacinka: Stanisłaŭ Stanisłavavič Šuškievič; ; December 15, 1934 – May 3, 2022) is a Belarusian politician.

From August 25, 1991 to January 26, 1994, he was the first head of state of independent Belarus after it seceded from the Soviet Union, he was Chairman of the Supreme Soviet.

Shushkevich died in Minsk, Belarus on 3 May 2022, at the age of 87 from problems caused by COVID-19.

Bernard Slade

Bernard Slade (May 2, 1930 – October 30, 2019) was a Canadian-American playwright and screenwriter. He was known for writing the play "Same Time, Next Year" and the television programs "The Flying Nun" and "The Partridge Family".

Slade died from Lewy body dementia-related problems at his home in Beverly Hills, California on October 30, 2019, at the age of 89.


Sam Bobrick

Sam Bobrick (July 24, 1932 – October 11, 2019) was an American author, playwright, television writer, and lyricist. He was born in Chicago. Bobrick was known for creating the television series "Saved by the Bell". He also worked on writing the screenplay for television shows like "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." and "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour".

Bobrick died on October 11, 2019 of a stroke in Northridge, California, aged 87.


Gerry Ryan

Gerard Ryan (4 June 1956 – 30 April 2010) was an Irish radio and television presenter. He worked for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). He presented "The Gerry Ryan Show" on radio station RTÉ 2fm each weekday morning from 1988 until his death. 

Ryan hosted several series of television shows, including "Secrets", "Gerry Ryan Tonight", "Ryantown", "Gerry Ryan's Hitlist", "Ryan Confidential" and the first three series of "Operation Transformation". 

Ryan was found dead in his Dublin home on 30 April 2010, aged 53. The cause of death was cardiac arrhythmia caused by cocaine usage.

Kent County, Michigan

Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 657,974. Its county seat is Grand Rapids. 

Johnson City, Kansas

Johnson City is a city in Stanton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Stanton County. In 2020, 1,464 people lived there.

Johnson City was created in 1885; it was first called Veteran because many of its creators were American Civil War veterans. It was renamed Johnson City in 1886, in honor of A. S. Johnson, a railroad worker.

Johnson City is at (37.569623, -101.752901). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Johnson City has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

 
The 2020 census says that there were 1,464 people, 531 households, and 366 families living in Johnson City. Of the households, 70.4% owned their home and 29.6% rented their home.

The median age was 34.4 years. Of the people, 50.5% were White, 2.2% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 28.8% were from some other race, and 18.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 53.1% of the people.
The 2010 census says that there were 1,495 people, 533 households, and 381 families living in Johnson City.

Johnson has the USD 452 Stanton County. The Stanton County High School mascot is Stanton County Trojans.

Prior to school unification, Johnson High School also used the mascot Trojans.

In 2016, Stanton County Elementary School, which is in Johnson City, was given the Charlotte F. Lockhart Award for Excellence in Literacy Education.


Jetmore, Kansas

Jetmore is a city in Hodgeman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Hodgeman County. In 2020, 770 people lived there.

Jetmore was first called Buckner. It was planned as Buckner in 1879. The name was changed to Jetmore in 1880 in honor of Col. Abraham Buckles Jetmore. Abraham Jetmore was lawyer from Topeka. He was important in being able to get a railroad line through the city. He also helped make Jetmore the county seat.

Jetmore is at (38.084137, -99.895999). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The Buckner Creek, a tributary of the Pawnee River, flows through Jetmore.

The surface rocks in this area include Greenhorn limestone and Graneros shale.

Jetmore has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Jetmore has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 770 people, 333 households, and 208 families living in the city. Of the households, 73.9% owned their home and 26.1% rented their home.

The median age was 44.1 years. Of the people, 89.9% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.6% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 867 people, 366 households, and 232 families residing in the city.


Kinsley, Kansas

Kinsley is a city in Edwards County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Edwards County. In 2020, 1,456 people lived there.

Kinsley was first called Petersburg. In 1873, the city was planned out as Petersburg. It was later renamed Peter's City, and finally the name Kinsley was chosen to honor E. W. Kinsley. He was a capitalist from Boston.

The first post office in Kinsley was established under the name Peters in April, 1873. The post office was renamed Kinsley in January, 1874.

Kinsley is at (37.922377, -99.411407). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Kinsley is about east of Dodge City.

Kinsley has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Kinsley has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.


The 2020 census says that there were 1,456 people, 660 households, and 378 families living in Kinsley. Of the households, 72.3% owned their home and 27.7% rented their home.

The median age was 45.5 years. Of the people, 83.4% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 6.0% were from some other race, and 9.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 19.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,457 people, 654 households, and 384 families living in Kinsley.



Kingman, Kansas

Kingman is a city in Kingman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Kingman County. In 2020, 3,105 people lived there.

Kingman was planned out in 1874. It was named for Samuel A. Kingman, chief justice of the supreme court.

Kingman is at (37.647712, -98.115993). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Kingman has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Kingman has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,105 people, 1,335 households, and 782 families living in Kingman. Of the households, 64.2% owned their home and 35.8% rented their home.

The median age was 43.7 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 2.0% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,177 people, 1,346 households, and 810 families living in Kingman.

Bus service is provided daily east to Wichita, Kansas and west to Pueblo, Colorado by BeeLine Express (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).



Burlington, Kansas

Burlington is a city in Coffey County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Coffey County. In 2020, 2,634 people lived there.

Burlington was created in 1857. It was named after Burlington, Vermont, the native home of one of its creators.

The first post office in Burlington was created in 1858. It was taken from the town of Hampden.

Burlington is at (38.193289, -95.745428). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Burlington has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Burlington has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,634 people, 1,136 households, and 648 families living in the city. Of the households, 64.9% owned their home and 35.1% rented their home.

The median age was 42.7 years. Of the people, 90.7% were White, 1.0% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.8% were from some other race, and 6.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,674 people, 1,138 households, and 699 families residing in the city.



List of vice presidents of the United States by time in office

This is a list of vice presidents of the United States by time in office.


Brave (web browser)

Brave is a free web browser made by Brave Software, Inc. based on the Chromium web browser, which is the browser Google Chrome is also based on. The browser web blocks ads and website trackers. Brave has a Get paid to surf business model, where users get small amounts of a cryptocurrency called the Basic Attention Token for seeing ads inside the browser, which they can give to their favorite authors.

As of 2019, Brave has been created for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, and iOS. It includes 5 search engines, including duckduckgo as the main.

Contiguous United States

The contiguous United States, or officially the conterminous United States, are the 48 U.S. states that touch one another plus the District of Columbia. 

This excludes the states of Alaska and Hawaii, and all island territories and U.S. possessions such as American Samoa, U.S. Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.

Chromium (web browser)

Chromium is a free web browser developed by Google. It works on its own and makes up a large amount of the source code for the Google Chrome browser. The two browsers have always had some differences, such as the lack of DRM, and the ability for other people to make browsers based off of it, as meant by their names: chromium is the metal used to make chrome plating on cars.

Opera

Microsoft Edge

Yandex Browser 

Brave

Avast Secure Browser

Samsung Browser

Slimjet

Deaths in November 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Enrico Braggiotti

Enrico Braggiotti (27 January 1923 – 30 October 2019) was a Turkish-Monegasque banker. He was President of the Banca Commerciale Italiana from 1988 through 1990.

Braggiotti died on 30 October 2019 at the age of 96.


Triumph the Insult Comic Dog

Triumph the Insult Comic Dog is a puppet character puppeteered and voiced by Robert Smigel, best known for mocking celebrities in an Eastern European accent. 

As his name means, Triumph's comedic style is almost exclusively insult comedy. Triumph often puffs a cigar, which usually falls out of his mouth when he starts talking. He debuted in 1997 on NBC's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and also appeared on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien". He now appears on "Conan", and Adult Swim's "The Jack and Triumph Show". 

Smigel and Triumph have been kicked out from several events for Triumph's antics, including Westminster (three times), the Honolulu line for auditions for "American Idol", and the 2004 Democratic National Convention (while shooting an aborted movie project).

Ebrahim Abadi

Ebrahim Abadi (, 15 August 1934 – 31 October 2019) was an Iranian actor. Abadi was known for his roles in "Mokhtarnameh", "On Tiptoes", "Dar Chashm-e Baad" and "Grand Cinema". He was born in Tabriz, Iran.

Abadi died on 31 October 2019 at a hospital in Tehran while in a coma after suffering a heart attack at the age of 85.

Lincoln Parish, Louisiana

Lincoln Parish (French: "Paroisse de Lincoln") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,396. The parish seat and most populous municipality is Ruston. The parish was created on February 24, 1873.

Harmon, Louisiana

Harmon is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kadri Gopalnath

Dr. Kadri Gopalnath (6 December 1949 – 11 October 2019) was an Indian alto saxophonist and composer. He was known for his works towards Carnatic music. He was born in Bantwal taluk, Dakshina Kannada, Karnataka. He composed the score for the 1994 movie "Duet".

Gopalnath has participated in the Jazz Festival in Prague, the Berlin Jazz Festival, the International Cervantino Festival in Mexico, the Music Hall Festival in Paris, the BBC Promenade concert in 1994 at London, and has toured all over the world.

Gopalnath died on 11 October 2019 due to cardiac arrest at the age of 69 at a private hospital in Mangalore.

Das alte Karussell

"Das alte Karussell" (, in English: "The old carousel") is a song by Swiss singer Lys Assia. George Betz-Stahl wrote it.The song was released as a single in 1956. It represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

"Das alte Karussell" participated in a national final organized by Swiss broadcaster Télévision suisse romande (TSR) in 1956. The song placed second. For that reason, TSR sent it to represent Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956. They sent the winning song, "Refrains", too.

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Teatro Kursaal in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Lys Assia performed it. Fernando Paggi conducted the orchestra.

It was performed second, after the Netherlands's Jetty Paerl with "De vogels van Holland" and before Belgium's Fud Leclerc with "Messieurs les noyés de la Seine". The song position is not known because the voting results were not revealed.


Bhisadej Rajani

Bhisadej Rajani (; ; 20 January 1922 – 23 July 2022) was a Prince of Thailand. He was a member of the Thai royal family, and a member of the House of Rajani. He was one of the longest-living royal personages in the Thai history. 

He was a close-friend of King Bhumibol Adulyadej. He was an author and worked as the directory of the Royal Project Foundation for the king. He was also a descendant of Siamese Vice-King Pinklao.

Rajani died on 23 July 2022 in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 100.


Siân Berry

Siân Rebecca Berry (born 9 July 1974) is a British politician.

On 4 September 2018, she became Co-Leader of the Green Party of England and Wales alongside Jonathan Bartley. She stepped down from the party's leadership in October 2021. From 2006 to 2007, she was one of the Green Party's Principal Speakers. 

She was the party's candidate in the 2008 London mayoral election, and again in the 2016 election, at which she came third. 

She is a member of the London Assembly and the only Green Party councillor on Camden Council, representing Highgate.

Olivia Williams

Olivia Haigh Williams (born 26 July 1968) is a British actress. She is known for her role as Jane Fairfax in the British television movie "Emma" (1996).

Williams had movie roles in "The Postman", followed by "Rushmore" (1998) and "The Sixth Sense" (1999). She then appeared in other British movies, including "Lucky Break" (2001), "The Heart of Me" (2002), "Peter Pan" (2003) and "An Education" (2009).

In 2010, she won acclaim for her role as Ruth Lang in Roman Polanski's "The Ghost Writer". Since 2017, she has played Emily Silk(s), on the television series "Counterpart".

Archie Atkinson

Archibald Maynard Atkinson (February 17, 1886 – August 4, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Montreal Wanderers of the National Hockey Association in the 1912–13 season and 1913–14 season, appearing in a total of seven games.


Nyamuragira

Nyamuragira is a shield volcano in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The name means Herd of Cows. It is among the most active volcanoes in Africa. 

This is an active shield volcano found in the Virunga mountains in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), about 25 kilometers North of Lake Kivu in Nord-Kivu Province. It is one Africa’s active volcanoes which is believed to have erupted almost 40times since 1885. It is 13 kilometers North West of Nyiragongo and this volcano is believed to have caused extensive damage to Goma city during the 2002 eruption. Nyamuragira is 500 cubic kilometers and covers 1,500 square kilometers. Recent eruptions are believed to have happened in 2010, 2011 and 23 May 2021.  Large portions of sulfur dioxide released in the atmosphere by volcanoes are as a result of the Nyiragongo volcano.  The broad shield volcano is 3058meters high and about 2 kilometers wide and during volcanic eruptions, a lava lake is contained within the calderas.

It is believed that on 6 November 2011, an eruption started from a series of aligned fissures about 10 kilometers East of the summit caldera and this started with intense ground fracturing and tall lava fountains from several vents that started to build the Western cone complex Kimanura. Mount Nyamuragira or Nyamulagira derives its name from the Rwandan verb ‘Kuragika inka’ meaning herd of cows and Inka meaning cows.  Mount Nyamuragira is visited by most tourists because of its strategic location with the volcanic craters on the top. Also due to the presence of tree species that grow on the fertile soils in the surroundings. This is also a true birding destination for different bird species that nest in the neighboring trees.

Leigh Verstraete

Leigh Verstraete (born January 6, 1962) is a former professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Harvie Pocza

Harvie Dwight Pocza (born September 22, 1959) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals. Pocza was drafted 67th overall by the Capitals in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft.

Glen Irwin

Glen Irwin (born March 1, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in 233 WHA games with the Houston Aeros and Indianapolis Racers over five seasons.

Kevin Krook

Kevin Bradley Krook (born April 5, 1958) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played three games in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Rockies in the 1978–79 season.

Luke Curtin

Luke Curtin (born September 23, 1977) is a retired American professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the Colorado Avalanche in the 4th round (134th overall) of the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. Curtin predominately played in the ECHL and in November 2010, he was named to the 12-man ECHL All-Decade Team, which honored the best ECHL players from 2000–01 through the 2009–10 ECHL season. In 2011 Curtin was inducted into the ECHL Hall of Fame.

Treaty of Vienna

Treaty of Vienna is ambiguous. Its use should always be specific, so the reader can be sure which treaty is referred to. It may refer to:


Belleville, Kansas

Belleville is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Republic County. In 2020, 2,007 people lived there.

Belleville was created in 1869. It incorporated as a city in 1878. It was named for Arabelle Tutton, the wife of a member of the town company.

The first post office in Belleville was created in February 1870.

Belleville is at (39.824337, -97.633855). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,007 people, 919 households, and 490 families living in Belleville. Of the households, 68.9% owned their home and 31.1% rented their home.

The median age was 46.8 years. Of the people, 93.7% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.5% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.3% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,991 people, 949 households, and 533 families living in Belleville.

"The Belleville Telescope" is the local newspaper. It was created in 1870. It has been publishing regularly since 1873.



Beloit, Kansas

Beloit is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Mitchell County. In 2020, 3,404 people lived there.

On permanent organization of the county in 1870, Beloit was chosen to be the county seat of Mitchell County, Kansas. It is northeast of the center of the county on the Solomon River. Beloit was first settled by A.A. Bell in 1868. he wanted to water power better. The town was called Willow Springs for some time. Beloit is named after Beloit, Wisconsin, the hometown of an early resident. Beloit sits at the junction of the Union Pacific and the Missouri Pacific Railroads.

Beloit was platted March 26, 1872. The town grew very quickly. In July 1872, was incorporated as a thrid class city. On March 10, 1879, Gov. John P. St. John said Beloit is a second class city.

Beloit had the Beloit Juvenile Correctional Facility of the Kansas Juvenile Justice Authority.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Beloit has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Beloit has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,404 people, 1,471 households, and 855 families living in Beloit. Of the households, 68.7% owned their home and 31.3% rented their home.

The median age was 44.6 years. Of the people, 94.4% were White, 0.4% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.9% were from some other race, and 3.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,835 people, 1,647 households, and 964 families living in Beloit.



Tartegnin

Tartegnin is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Alma, Kansas

Alma is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Wabaunsee County. In 2020, 802 people lived there.

The first house in Alma was built in 1867.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka through Alma to Herington. The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway closed in 1891. It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980. This railroad of the former Rock Island Railroad was sold to the Southern Pacific Railroad. The Southern Pacific Railroad later merged into the Union Pacific. Union Pacific operates and owns the railroad today. Most locals still call this railroad the "Rock Island".

The city was named after either the city of Alma, Germany, or for a stream in Ukraine.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Alma is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 802 people, 324 households, and 199 families living in Alma. Of the households, 79.0% owned their home and 21.0% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 90.6% were White, 0.5% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.7% were some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 832 people, 342 households, and 212 families living in Alma.


Trélex

Trélex is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Anthony, Kansas

Anthony is a city in Harper County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Harper County. In 2020, 2,108 people lived there.

The Anthony townsite was planned out in 1878. The city was named after the 7th governor of Kansas, George T. Anthony. He was governor at the time. After Harper County was reorganized in 1878, Anthony became the temporary county seat. This is because Bluff City, which was county seat of the fraudulent county organization, did not exist at the time. In 1879, a county seat election was held, and Anthony won over Harper City even though 2,960 ballots were cast with 800 legal voters in the county.

Anthony is at (37.153902, -98.029396). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Anthony has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Anthony has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,108 people, 922 households, and 538 families living in Anthony. Of the households, 65.7% owned their home and 34.3% rented their home.

The median age was 41.7 years. Of the people, 90.3% were White, 2.1% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.2% of the people

The 2010 census says that there were 2,269 people, 977 households, and 631 families living in the city.

Anthony is served by USD 361 Anthony-Harper.



Ashland, Kansas

Ashland is the biggest city in Clark County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Clark County. In 2020, 783 people lived there.

Ashland is along what was once a military road. That road went from Fort Dodge (now Dodge City, Kansas) to the north and Fort Supply in the Indian Territory to the south. In 1870, during the Comanche Campaign against the Native Americans, the Army built two redoubts along the Dodge/Supply trail near the current place of Ashland: the Bear Creek Redoubt, five miles to the north, and the Cimarron Redoubt, nine miles to the south.

Anthony was created in 1884. It was named after the city of Ashland, Kentucky. The first post office in Ashland was created in 1885.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 783 people, 357 households, and 204 families living in Ashland. Of the households, 74.5% owned their home and 25.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.9 years. Of the people, 84.5% were White, 1.1% were Asian, 0.9% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 6.8% were from some other race, and 6.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 867 people, 381 households, and 239 families living in Ashland.

Ashland is served by USD 220 school district.



Belmont-sur-Lausanne

Belmont-sur-Lausanne is a municipality in the Lavaux-Oron district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a eastern suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Bussigny-sur-Oron

Bussigny-sur-Oron was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality of Oron.

Châtillens

Châtillens was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality of Oron.

Sedgwick County

Sedgwick County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Schuyler, Nebraska

Schuyler is a city in Colfax County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,547 people lived there. It is the county seat of Colfax County. The city and the county are named after Schuyler Colfax, former Vice President of the United States of America.

Schuyler is at (41.448916, −97.060195).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 6,211 people, 1,828 households, and 1,356 families living in Schuyler.


Webster County, Mississippi

Webster County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,926 people lived there. Its county seat is Walthall.

Beatrice, Nebraska

Beatrice is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Gage County.

Dakota City, Nebraska

Dakota City is a city in Dakota County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,081 people lived there. It is the county seat of Dakota County.

Dakota City was platted in 1856. It was named for the Dakota people. Dakota City was incorporated as a city in 1858.

Dakota City is at (42.415294, -96.417808).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2010 census, there were 1,919 people, 637 households, and 464 families living in Dakota City.


Atwood, Kansas

Atwood is a city in Rawlins County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rawlins County. In 2020, 1,290 people lived there.

In 1875, T.A. Andrews and J.M. Matheny went to Rawlins County. They started a town site about two miles east of the current city. The city of Attwood (with two t's) was named after Attwood Matheny. He was the 14-year-old son who went with his father on the trip. In 1882, the U.S. Post Office requested permission to drop one "t" thus becoming Atwood. In 1881, Atwood became the county seat of Rawlins County.

Atwood is at (39.8099, -101.041893). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Atwood has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.



The 2020 census says that there were 1,290 people, 557 households, and 324 families living in Atwood. Of the households, 68.4% owned their home and 31.6% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 87.2% were White, 1.0% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 3.6% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,194 people, 568 households, and 299 families living in Atwood.

Katie Uhlaender (born July 17, 1984) is an American skeleton racer who has competed since 2003. She won four medals at the FIBT World Championships with one silver (women's skeleton: 2008) and three bronzes (women's skeleton: 2007, mixed bobsleigh-skeleton team event: 2008, 2009).


Cimarron, Kansas

Cimarron is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Gray County. In 2020 census, 1,981 people lived there.

Cimarron was first settled in 1878. It took its name from a fork in the Chisholm Trail. The fork led people to the Cimarron River.

Between 1887 and 1893, a county seat war happened in Gray County. It involved several famous Old West figures, such as Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, and Ben Daniels. Because of the dispute, Cimarron became the permanent county seat of Gray County.

In the early morning of June 10, 1893, Bill Doolin and four members of his gang robbed a train one-half mile east of Cimarron.

In 2016, the Southwest Chief owned by Amtrak derailed. Amtrak and BNSF filed a lawsuit against one of the companies in Cimarron for using a road vehicle to damage the rails.

Cimarron is at (37.808332, −100.347413). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cimarron has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,981 people, 745 households, and 526 families living in Cimarron. Of the households, 71.5% owned their home and 28.5% rented their home.

The median age was 37.1 years. Of the people, 80.3% were White, 0.7% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 7.6% were from some other race, and 10.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 20.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,184 people, 789 households, and 569 families living in Cimarron.




Coldwater, Kansas

Coldwater is a city in Comanche County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Comanche County. In 2020 census, 687 people lived there.

In 1884 G.W. Vickers, thought of planning out a town in the northern part of Comanche county. He did this with Timothy Shields, J.P. Grove, Samuel Sisson, C.M. Cade and C.D. Bickford. All of them were from Harper county. They got some land, had it platted off as a town site, and they named it after the city of Coldwater, Michigan. Early in 1885, the county had the necessary number of people. They asked the governor organize the county. On February 27, 1885, it was organized. Owen Connaughton, George M. Morris, and David T. Mclntire became county commissioners, and R.A. Grossman became the county clerk. Coldwater became the county seat.

The first post office in Coldwater was created on October 17, 1884.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Coldwater has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Coldwater has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 687 people, 345 households, and 176 families living in Coldwater. Of the households, 76.8% owned their home and 23.2% rented their home.

The median age was 45.4 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 1.3% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 828 people, 380 households, and 217 families living in Coldwater.

Coldwater is served by the South Central USD 300. South Central High School is located in Coldwater.



Sedinam Moyowasifza-Curry

Sedinam Kinamo Christin Moyowasifza Curry (alternately stylized as Sedinam Kinamo Christin Moyowasifza-Curry or SKCM Curry) is an American activist, politician, and presidential candidate for the Green Party.

In 2008, Curry actively sought the Green Party's vice presidential nomination. She did not secure this nomination, and instead serving as a manager for the presidential campaign of Cynthia McKinney.

Curry's first attempt at running for the presidency was during the 2016 United States presidential election. She filed with the Federal Election Committee on December 31, 2015. She lost the nomination to Jill Stein.

Curry is currently running for the 2020 presidential nomination of the party.

Darcy Richardson

Darcy G. Richardson (born December 6, 1955) is an American author, historian and political activist. He was a candidate for the Peace and Freedom Party's presidential nomination in the 2020 elections.

In the 2012 presidential election, Richardson ran against incumbent Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president of the United States in five state primaries.

On June 22, 2018, Richardson became the Reform Party of Florida's nominee for governor, later choosing Nancy Argenziano as his running mate.

On July 15, 2019, Richardson filed with the FEC to run for the Reform Party Nomination in 2020. He suspended his campaign in September 2019. He later became the Vice Presidential nominee for the Alliance Party ticket alongside Rocky De La Fuente.

Leonard Peltier

Leonard Peltier (born September 12, 1944) is a Native American activist. He is a member of the Turtle Mountain Chippewa, who is also of Lakota and Dakota descent. He is a member of the American Indian Movement (AIM). 

In 1977, he was convicted and sentenced to two consecutive terms of life imprisonment for first-degree murder in the shooting of two Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents during a 1975 shootout on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.

Peltier is incarcerated at the United States Penitentiary, Coleman in Florida. Peltier became eligible for parole in 1993; his next scheduled parole hearing will be in July 2024, when Peltier will be 79. 

On January 18, 2017, the Office of the Pardon Attorney announced that President Barack Obama had denied Peltier's application for clemency. Peltier was next eligible for commutation in 2018. Peltier will remain in prison for the rest of his life.

He was running for Vice President in the 2020 election as the running mate of Gloria La Riva with the Party for Socialism and Liberation. He withdrew his Vice Presidential nomination in August 2020 because of health reasons.

David Greaves

David Greaves (1 September 1946 – 5 October 2019) was an English former professional snooker player. He was born in Saint Annes on Sea, Lancashire. 

Greaves turned professional in 1972, at the age of 25, playing his first match against Bernard Bennett in the 1973 World Snooker Championship. After being behind 1–5 and 2–7, Greaves defeated Bennett 9–8. He then faced Fred Davis in the last 16 and lost the first ten frames, eventually loosing 1–16 to the three-time champion.

Greaves died in Blackpool at a hospital after a short illness on 5 October 2019 aged 73.

Francis A. Sullivan

Francis Anthony Sullivan, S.J. (May 21, 1922 – October 23, 2019) was an American Catholic theologian and a Jesuit priest. He was best known for his research in the area of ecclesiology and the magisterium. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Sullivan died on October 23, 2019 at a hospital in Weston, Connecticut at the age of 97.

Ann Crumb

Ann Crumb (May 25, 1950 – October 31, 2019) was an American actress, animal rights activist and jazz singer. She was born in Charleston, West Virginia. Crumb was nominated for a Tony Award for her role in the 1992 Broadway production of "Anna Karenina".

Her father was Pulitzer Prize winning composer George Crumb. Crumb founded an animal organization for rescued animals.

Crumb died on October 31, 2019 at her parents home in Media, Pennsylvania from ovarian cancer, aged 69.

Media, Pennsylvania

Media is a borough in and the county seat of Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is about west of Philadelphia. The population was 5,901 at the 2020 census.

George Crumb

George Henry Crumb Jr. (October 24, 1929 – February 6, 2022) was an American composer. His works were modern classical and avant-garde music. He is known for creating unusual timbres, alternative forms of notation, and extended instrumental and vocal techniques.

Crumb’s most famous works include "Ancient Voices of Children" (1970), "Black Angels" (1971), and "Makrokosmos III" (1974).

Crumb won the 1968 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his orchestral work "Echoes of Time and the River" and a 2000 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Composition for his work "Star-Child" .

Crumb was born in Charleston, West Virginia. He studied at the University of Charleston, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and at the University of Michigan. He had one son, composer David and had one daughter actress Ann Crumb (who died in October 2019). Crumb died on February 6, 2022 in Media, Pennsylvania at the age of 92.


Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Delaware County, also nicknamed Delco, is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania that borders Philadelphia. With a population of 576,830 in 2020, it is the fifth most populous county in Pennsylvania. The county was created on September 26, 1789 and was named after the Delaware River. The county seat is Media.

Gilbert Kalish

Gilbert Kalish (born July 2, 1935) is an American pianist and educator. He was born in New York City. During his career, Kalish was nominated for three Grammy Awards. 

He made the world premiere recordings of Charles Ives' "Largo for Violin and Piano", "In Re Con Moto et al.", "Largo Risoluto" No. 1 & 2, "A Set of Three Short Pieces" (movements: Largo cantabile: Hymn, Scherzo: Holding Your Own, Adagio cantabile: The Innate) and songs "The All-Enduring", "The Innate", and "Song (She is not fair)".

Kalish is Leading Professor and Head of Performance Activities at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. From 1968 to 1997 he was a faculty member of the Tanglewood Music Center.

Aristides Gomes

Aristides Gomes (born 8 November 1954) was the Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau, from April 2018 until February 2020. He was previously Prime Minister before from 2 November 2005 to 13 April 2007.

List of prime ministers of Guinea-Bissau

The following is a list of prime ministers of Guinea-Bissau, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister in 1973.


João Bernardo Vieira

João Bernardo "Nino" Vieira (, 27 April 1939 – 2 March 2009) was the President of Guinea-Bissau from 1980 to 1984, for the second time from 1984 to 1999, and for the third time from 2005 to 2009. 

Vieira was killed by soldiers on 2 March 2009. The military officially denied these allegations 

Carlos Correia

Carlos Correia (6 November 1933 – 14 August 2021) was a Guinea-Bissau politician. He was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 17 September 2015 to 12 May 2016. Before, he was Prime Minister from 27 December 1991 to 26 October 1994, from 6 June 1997 to 3 December 1998, and from 5 August 2008 to 25 December 2008.

Correia died on 14 August 2021 at the age of 87.

Buranovskiye Babushki

Buranovskiye Babushki (, ; , "Brangurtyś pesänajos"; meaning "Buranovo Grannies") is a Russian ethno-pop band made up of eight elderly women from the village of Buranovo, Udmurtia. 

Buranovskiye Babushki represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, where they finished second.

Howard Storm (author)

Howard Storm (born October 26, 1946) is an American Christian minister, writer, and painter. He is a former professor and chairman of the art department at Northern Kentucky University. 

In 2000, he authored "My Descent Into Death", which talks about his near-death experience. Storm's near-death experience has been talked about in literature on near-death studies. 

Storm has retold his story on NBC's "Today Show", "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "48 Hours", "Discovery Channel" and "Coast to Coast AM".


Rina Lazo

Rina Lazo Wasem (October 23, 1923 – November 1, 2019) was a Guatemalan-Mexican painter. Lazo was born Guatemala City.

She began her career in mural painting with Diego Rivera as his assistant. She worked with him from 1947 until his death in 1957. Lazo was known for her mural works than canvases although the latter have been exhibited in Mexico and other countries making her one of Guatemala's better known artists. She was a member of the Mexican muralism movement.

Lazo died on November 1, 2019 in Mexico City of cardiac arrest at the age of 96. She was married to artist Arturo García Bustos.

Ken Blaiklock

Kenneth Victor Blaiklock OBE (6 December 1927 – 20 September 2020) was a British Antarctic surveyor. He took part in Sir Vivian Fuchs's Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition that completed the first overland crossing of Antarctica. He reached the South Pole by dog sled for the first time since Amundsen. He has been awarded the Polar Medal with three bars. 

His daughter is British politician, Catherine Blaiklock.

Blaiklock died on 20 September 2020, aged 92.

B. V. Doshi

Balkrishna Vithaldas Doshi (26 August 1927 – 24 January 2023) was an Indian architect. His best known designs are IIM Bangalore, IIM Udaipur, NIFT Delhi, Amdavad ni Gufa, CEPT University, and the Aranya Low Cost Housing development in Indore. 

In 2018, he became the first Indian architect to receive the Pritzker Prize. He was also awarded the Padma Shri.

Doshi died in Ahmedabad, Gujarat on 24 January 2023, at the age of 95.

Peter Zumthor

Peter Zumthor (; born 26 April 1943) is a Swiss architect. He won the 2009 Pritzker Prize. 

Richard Rogers

Richard George Rogers, Baron Rogers of Riverside (23 July 1933 – 18 December 2021) was an Italian-British architect. He was known for his modernist and functionalist designs in high-tech architecture. Rogers was born in Florence, Italy. In 2007, Rogers won the Pritzker Prize.

Rogers died on 18 December 2021 in London at the age of 88.


Paulo Mendes da Rocha

Paulo Mendes da Rocha (October 25, 1928 – May 23, 2021) was a Brazilian architect. He was known for his cultural buildings to São Paulo and was widely thanked for reshaping the city.

Mendes da Rocha was Professor at the Architecture College of University of São Paulo, known as FAU-USP, until 1998. 

He was honored with the Mies van der Rohe Prize (2000), the Pritzker Prize (2006) and the Venice Biennale Golden Lion for lifetime achievement (2016).

Mendes da Rocha died of lung cancer at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil on May 23, 2021 at the age of 92.


Glenn Murcutt

Glenn Marcus Murcutt AO (born 25 July 1936) is a British-born Australian architect. He won the 1992 Alvar Aalto Medal, the 2002 Pritzker Architecture Prize and the 2009 American Institute of Architects Gold Medal. He is the only Australian to win the Pritzker Prize. He is thought to be Australia's most famous architect.


Rafael Moneo

José Rafael Moneo Vallés (born 9 May 1937) is a Spanish architect. He won the Pritzker Prize for architecture in 1996 and the RIBA Royal Gold Medal in 2003.


Álvaro Siza Vieira

Álvaro Joaquim de Melo Siza Vieira, (born 25 June 1933), is a Portuguese architect, and architectural educator. He is internationally known as Álvaro Siza () and in Portugal as Siza Vieira (). In 1992, he won the Pritzker Architecture Prize.

Luis Barragán

Luis Ramiro Barragán Morfín (March 9, 1902 – November 22, 1988) was a Mexican architect and engineer. His work were inspired by contemporary architects visually and conceptually. Barragán's buildings are visited by international students and professors of architecture.

Barragán won the Pritzker Prize, the highest award in architecture, in 1980. His personal home, the Luis Barragán House and Studio, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004.

Barragán died on November 22, 1988, in Mexico City of Parkinson's disease at the age of 86.


Chou Wen-chung

Chou Wen-chung (; July 28, 1923 – October 25, 2019) was a Chinese American composer of contemporary classical music. He was seen as one of the first Chinese composers who tried to translate authentic oriental melo-rhythms into the terms of modern Western music.

Chou died in New York City on October 25, 2019 at the age of 96.


Akron, New York

Akron is a village in Erie County, New York, United States. The population was 2,888 at the 2020 census.

Akron is located at (43.019309, -78.494644). The village is northeast of Buffalo.

Oncilla

The oncilla ("Leopardus tigrinus"), also known as the northern tiger cat, little spotted cat, and tigrillo, is a small spotted cat. Its range from Central America to central Brazil. Over this huge territory there are differences which some think should be subspecies.

It is listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List because the population is threatened by deforestation and conversion of habitat to agricultural land.

Pallas's cat

Pallas's cat ("Otocolobus manul") is also called the manul. It is a small wild cat with a very wide distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia.

It is affected by its habitat getting smaller by being destroyed, with fewer prey, and is also hunted by poachers. It is classified as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List.

Pallas's cat was first described in 1776 by the German naturalist Peter Simon Pallas.

Rusty-spotted cat

The rusty-spotted cat ("Prionailurus rubiginosus") is one of the cat family's smallest members. Historical records are known only from India and Sri Lanka. In 2012, it was also recorded in the western Terai of Nepal.

Since 2016, the global wild population is listed as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List. It is fragmented and affected by the loss and destruction of its prime habitat, deciduous forest.

Joshua King (footballer)

Joshua Christian Kojo King (born 15 January 1992) is a Norwegian football player who plays for Everton.

Rabindra Mishra

Rabindra Mishra is the ex editor in chief of BBC News Nepali, founder of Help Nepal Network and president of Sajha Party.

Kiosk

In English speaking countries, a kiosk is a small booth offering goods and services. For example, it might sell packaged food, drinks, cigarettes and newspapers. They can still be seen on some train stations.

In Paris the old kiosks which sold newspapers, cigarettes and tickets are being replaced. The replacements are said to be more functional but less charming.

In oriental countries like Persia or Turkey, a kiosk is larger and grander than in other countries. It is a self-standing building.

Sachsenhausen concentration camp

Sachsenhausen concentration camp (officially called Konzentrationslager Sachsenhausen, or KZ Sachsenhausen) was a Nazi concentration camp that existed from 1936 to 1945. It was located near Oranienburg, just north of Berlin. Even though it was located in Oranienburg, it is different from Oranienburg concentration camp. 

Between 1936 and 1945, over 200.000 people were detained at KZ Sachsenhausen. Medical experiments were carried out in KZ Sachsenhausen to test the effectiveness of drugs. People from Sachsenhausen were also forced to help produce goods used for war (such as weapons, or ammunition).

Oranienburg concentration camp

Oranienburg concentration camp was a Nazi concentration camp located near the city center of Oranienburg, north of Berlin. The camp is one of the earliest concentration camps, and existed from 1933 to 1934. About 3.000 people were held there. Eight people who died there are known by name. Please note, the camp is ont identical with KZ Sachsenhausen (also in Oranienburg, existed 1936-45)

Oranienburg

Oranienburg (Slavic languages: "Bóźow") is a town in Germany, with about 45.000 people. It is located a few kilometers north of Berlin. It was originally settled by Slavic people, and was probably called Bochzowe. Germanic settlers arrived in the 12th century, and kept the original name. Because of the strategic location, a castle was built in the 13th century. The first known reference occurred in 1216, as "Bothzowe". City rights were awarded in 1232. The name Bothzowe, lives on in Bötzow. In 1483, the castle lost its importance, and Joachim II Hector, Elector of Brandenburg built a new residence there, he used for hunting. During the thirty years war, Bötzow was pillaged, and burnt down.

Al Hunter Ashton

Al Hunter Ashton (26 June 1947 – 27 April 2007), born Alan Hunter, was an English actor and script writer.

Hunter was born in Birmingham, Warwickshire. He came from a working-class background. He was named Alan Hunter at birth. He later changed his name by deed poll to Al Hunter. He wrote scripts for his own amusement from the age of 15. In his spare time he worked for £15 a night as a stand-up comedian in clubs. On discovering that he could earn the same amount for shedding his clothes every evening, he became a stripper. "My stripping routine was actually funnier than my stand-up one," he said.

He wrote under the name "Al Hunter" but needed to change his name for acting as there was already an "Al Hunter" actor. He choose "Al Ashton" to ensure he appeared high up in any alphabetical credits. Later he combined the two, acting and writing under the name "Al Hunter Ashton". He also wrote under the alias "Alun Nipper".

His first professional acting work was with a "Theatre in Education" company in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. He was then cast in Willy Russell plays; "Breezeblock Park" (at the Liverpool Playhouse) and "Blood Brothers" (at the Derby Playhouse). In 1985, Russell commissioned him to write the BBC Schools television play "Teaching Matthew". This is a satire on Russell's own "Educating Rita". Hunter often wrote himself parts in the scripts he produced. In "Teaching Mathew" he had a small role as a policeman.

Hunter worked very closely with the Stage 22 School of Arts Network in the UK. Following his death, children from the school made their own version of the Queen hit "Only the Good Die Young" which was dedicated to him and his three young children.



On 27 April 2007 Al Hunter Ashton died of heart failure in his home in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. Episode eight of series five of the New Tricks TV series, titled "Mad Dogs", was dedicated to his memory.



Brian Warboys

Brian Warboys (born 30 April 1942), retired in September 2007. He was Professor of Software Engineering at the University of Manchester from 1985 until he retired. He was subsequently appointed as Professor Emeritus and continues to undertake research. Before joining the university he had worked for ICL. At the time the UK's largest computer manufacturer. During the 1970s he had been the chief designer of ICL's VME operating system. He is also the author of several non-fiction books.

Warboys worked for ICL from 1963 to 1985. During the 1970s, he was Chief Designer of VME.
VME/B was an advanced operating system and was logical and straightforward to use. Amongst IT professionals it was deemed superior to IBM equivalents.

Warboys was Professor of Software Engineering. He researched the development of techniques which enable dynamic evolution. This is the ability to change s/w whilst it is executing. It applied to the design of very large systems. In 1991, he became the founder and principal of the Informatics Process Group (IPG) in the School of Computer Science. IPG was established to advance the application of Process Modelling. Between 1997 and 2002 he led the EPSRC funded Compliant Systems Architecture (CSA) projects.
Within Europe he has headed the Manchester operating system team on the ESPRIT-funded EDS project. He also led the IPG's involvement in the ESPRIT Basic Research Activity PROMOTER on software process modelling and technology.
In 2001 he led the IPG's involvement in the Framework IV Basic Research Action PIE, process instance evolution. He later led the Archware project. in which he was also joint technical coordinator.

He was appointed the first ICL Fellow in 1984.

Chesalles-sur-Oron

Chesalles-sur-Oron was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become a new municipality called Oron.

Oron, Vaud

Oron is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2012, when the former municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality. On 1 January 2022, Essertes became a part of Oron.


Epesses

Epesses was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is in the district of Lavaux-Oron on Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman"). On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality called Bourg-en-Lavaux.

Co-operative Commonwealth Federation

The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) (, from 1955 the "") was a political party in Canada. It was a social-democratic and democratic-socialist party. Multiple groups helped form the CCF in 1932, in Calgary, Alberta. In 1961, it was succeeded by the New Democratic Party.

Mézières, Vaud

Mézières was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2016, the former municipalities of Carrouge, Ferlens and Mézières joined together to become a new municipality called Jorat-Mézières.


Laverne, Oklahoma

Laverne is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bibsys

BIBSYS is an administrative agency run by the Ministry of Education and Research in Norway. They help organize research data and library metadata.

BIBSYS works with all Norwegian universities and university colleges as well as research institutions
and the National Library of Norway.


Spyderco

Spyderco is a knife company founded by Sal Glesser in the United States. They pioneered the opening hole in the blade of a folding knife. This allows one-hand manual opening of the knife without the need for added thumb-studs or other features. It is headquartered in Golden, Colorado. It was founded in 1978.
A large part of the firm's knife production is outsourced to foreign contractors in countries such as Japan, Taiwan, Italy, and China.

They have pioneered the use of new types of steel alloys and handle materials, also materials such as fiberglass reinforced nylon polymer.


AK

AK and A.K. (but not Ak) may refer to:







JCUKEN

JCUKEN ("ЙЦУКЕН") is a keyboard layout used for Cyrillic languages. Before the Russian language was reformed in 1917, "JIUKEN" ("ЙІУКЕН") was the keyboard used.

Kielbasa

Kielbasa ( or ; from Polish ) is any type of meat sausage from Poland, and a staple of Polish cuisine. In American English the word typically refers to a coarse, U-shaped smoked sausage of any kind of meat, which closely resembles the "Wiejska" "sausage" (typically pork only) in British English.


Nicki

Nicki is a given name, Nicki is a unisex name of English origin. It is derived from the name Nicholas, which is derived from the Greek name Nikolaos, meaning “victory of the people”. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

and may refer to:



EA (disambiguation)

EA is an acronym for Electronic Arts, an American video game company.

EA, E.A., Ea, or ea may also refer to:












ES

Es, ES, or similar may refer to:








Lukas Bärfuss

Lukas Bärfuss (born 30 December 1971 in Thun, Switzerland) is a Swiss writer. He writes in German. He has won many prizes in literature. These prizes include the Mülheimer Dramatikerpreis in 2005 for the play "Der Bus (Das Zeug einer Heiligen)", the Swiss Book Prize () in 2008 for "Hundert Tage," the Anna Seghers-Preis in 2008, the Hans Fallada Prize in 2010, the Solothurner Literaturpreis in 2014, the Nicolas Born Prize in 2015, the Johann-Peter-Hebel-Preis in 2016, and the most important German literature prize the Georg-Büchner-Preis in 2019.

Bärfuss writes critically about Switzerland in his novels and theatrical work. He also has written novels based on personal events and genocide in Rwanda.

Les Thioleyres

Les Thioleyres was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Ecoteaux

Ecoteaux was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Ishwari Prasad Gupta

Ishwari Prasad Gupta (5 February 1931 in Arrah – 12 December 2018 in Delhi) was an Indian politician. He was a Joint Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Home Affairs (India), Chief Secretary to the Government of Tripura and Lt. Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.

Syed Shahnawaz Hussain

Syed Shahnawaz Hussain was born in Supaul, Bihar in 1968, is a National Spokesperson of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a former Cabinet Minister.

Mascarene Islands

The Mascarene Islands, () or Mascarenes, is a group of islands in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar.

They include Mauritius, Réunion and Rodrigues. Their name comes from the Portuguese navigator Pedro Mascarenhas, who first visited them in April 1512. 

The islands were formed by the volcanism of the Réunion hotspot beneath the Mascarene Plateau. They are a distinct ecoregion with a unique flora and fauna.

Extinct animals include the dodo (a flightless pigeon), and the Rodgrigues solitaire. The islands also had giant tortoises, and still has some endemic birds and reptiles.

Before the ships found the islands, the islands had no humans. Now they have many people, and the original ecology of the islands is being destroyed.

The Mascarene Islands are a French overseas department. Mauritius styles itself the Republic of Mauritius, and is self-governed.

This ecoregion covers the three main islands, Réunion, Mauritius, and Rodrigues, and a number of smaller islets of the Mascarene Islands. The largest islands are the French Dependent Territory of Réunion (2,500 km2), and the island of Mauritius (1,900 km2), which together with Rodrigues (110 km2) forms the single independent nation of Mauritius. The nearest landmass is Madagascar, 680 km northwest of Réunion.

Tatums, Oklahoma

Tatums is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ravia, Oklahoma

Ravia is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Shattuck, Oklahoma

Shattuck is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Verdigris, Oklahoma

Verdigris is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Good as Hell

"Good as Hell" is a song recorded by American singer Lizzo, taken from her EP, "Coconut Oil". It was released on March 11, 2016, and was written by Lizzo with its producer, Ricky Reed. The song talks about moving on from a bad relationship and feeling good in one's own skin.

After "Truth Hurts" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2019, "Good as Hell" became another sleeper hit, going to number three on the Hot 100, number one on the Pop Songs airplay chart, and number four on the rhythmic chart. It reached number 10 in Canada.

Lizzo released a remix of the song with singer Ariana Grande on October 25, 2019.

Rush Springs, Oklahoma

Rush Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mannsville, Oklahoma

Mannsville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oron-la-Ville

Oron-la-Ville was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.


Les Tavernes

Les Tavernes was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Forever

Forever or 4ever can mean:

Forever (Chris Brown song)

"Forever" is a song by American R&B singer Chris Brown. It is taken from his second studio album, "Exclusive", on a special edition called "Exclusive: The Forever Edition". It was released as a single from the album on June 23, 2008, after "With You".

The song reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and number one on the Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) radio chart.

Association for Library Service to Children

The Association for Library Service to Children (ALSC) is one part of the American Library Association. It is the world's largest organization working on library service to children. The ALSC has more than 4,000 members.

ALSC announces the awards listed below every January at a Monday morning press conference during the American Library Association Midwinter Meeting.


Pramoedya Ananta Toer

Pramoedya Ananta Toer (6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006) was an Indonesian writer. He wrote novels, short stories, essays, and histories of Indonesia and its people. His writing includes much personal and national history. The Dutch Government put him in prison him from 1947 to 1949. Later, the Suharto government sent him to a prison island from 1965 to 1979.

Colonial and later authoritarian governments did not approve of Pramoedya's writings. They often censored his writing in Indonesia even though he was well known outside his home country. The Dutch imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 during the War of Independence. During the coup when Suharto gained power, Pramoedya was involved in political fighting. Suharto put him in prison from 1969 to 1979 on the Maluku island called Buru. Suharto called Pramoedya a Communist. Suharto thought Pramoedya was still loyal to the Sukarno government even though Pramoedya had struggled with Sukarno.

He created his most famous work, the Buru Quartet, on the prison island. The prison did not allow him to have writing materials, so he told the story aloud to other prisoners. Then it was written down and smuggled out.

Pramoedya was against some policies of Indonesia's first President, Sukarno, and against the New Order regime of Suharto. Often, he did not make direct political criticisms. His writing was subtle. He was outspoken against colonialism, racism and the corruption of the Indonesian Government. During the many years he suffered in prison and house arrest, human rights advocates fought for his freedom of expression.

Pramoedya was born on February 6, 1925, in Blora in central Java, then a part of the Dutch East Indies. He was the oldest son in his family. Pramoedya's father was a teacher. His father was also active in Boedi Oetomo (the first recognized indigenous national organization in Indonesia). Pramoedya's mother was a rice trader. His maternal grandfather had made the pilgrimage to Mecca. As it is written in his semi-autobiographical collection of short stories "Cerita Dari Blora", his name was originally Pramoedya Ananta Mastoer. But he felt that the family name Mastoer was too aristocratic. The Javanese prefix "Mas" means a man of the higher rank in a noble family. So, he removes "Mas" and kept Toer as his family name. Pramoedya went to the Radio Vocational School in Surabaya but had just graduated when Japan invaded Surabaya in 1942.

During World War II, Pramoedya supported the occupying forces of Imperial Japan at first. He believed the Japanese to be bad but better than the Dutch. He worked as a typist for a Japanese newspaper in Jakarta. However as the war went on, Indonesians opposed harsh treatment by the Japanese military and wartime rationing. The Nationalist forces loyal to Sukarno switched their support to the incoming Allies against Japan. Pramoedya did as well.

On August 17, 1945, after the news of Allied victory over Japan reached Indonesia, Sukarno proclaimed Indonesian independence. This started the Indonesian National Revolution against the British and Dutch. In this war, Pramoedya joined a paramilitary group in Karawang, Kranji (West Java). He was sent to Jakarta. In Jakarta, he wrote short stories and books, and propaganda for the Nationalist cause. The Dutch put him in Bukit Duri prison in Jakarta from 1947 until 1949, the year the Netherlands recognized Indonesian independence. While in prison, he wrote his first major novel, "The Fugitive".

In the first years after Indonesia became independent, Pramoedya wrote stories about the problems of the new nation. He also wrote semi-autobiographical works based on his memoirs during World War II. Then he went to live in the Netherlands as part of a cultural exchange program. Later he went on several other cultural exchanges, including trips to the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China.

In Indonesia, Pramoedya built up a reputation as a critic of literature and society. He joined the left-wing writers' group Lekra and wrote in newspapers and literary journals. His writing style became more political. One example is his story "Korupsi" ("Corruption"). It is the story of a civil servant who falls into the trap of corruption. This caused problems for him with the Sukarno government.

From the late 1950s, Pramoedya began teaching literary history at the "Universitas Res Publica". That university was politically left-wing. As he prepared lessons, he began to realise that ideas about Indonesian language and literature had been distorted by the Dutch colonial authorities. He searched for materials that had been ignored by colonial educational institutions and by Indonesians after independence.

Pramoedya had spent time in China, so he had good feelings towards Indonesian Chinese people. This was unusual in Indonesia after independence. The Indonesian government had made many laws restricting Indonesian Chinese people's freedom and ethnic Malay or Javanese people often discriminated against Indonesian Chinese. Pramoedya published a series of letters to an imaginary Chinese correspondent discussing the history of the Indonesian Chinese, called "Hoakiau di Indonesia" (History of the Overseas Chinese in Indonesia). He criticized the government for being too Java-centric and insensitive to the needs and desires of the other regions and peoples of Indonesia. As a result, he was arrested by the Indonesian military and jailed at Cipinang prison for nine months.

In an October 1965 coup the army took power after making a false claim that the assassination of several senior generals was organized by the Communist Party of Indonesia. This was the start of Suharto's New Order. This government was violently anti-communist. Pramoedya was head of People's Cultural Organisation, a literary group connected to the Indonesian Communist Party. So, the New Order regime called him a communist and enemy of the state. During the violent anti-Communist purge in 1965-66, Pramoedya was arrested, beaten, and imprisoned by Suharto's government. He was named a political prisoner. His books were banned and he was imprisoned without trial, first in Nusa Kambangan off the southern coast of Java, and then in the penal colony Buru in the eastern islands of the Indonesian archipelago.

He was banned from writing during his imprisonment on the island of Buru, but created his best-known series of work, the Buru Quartet. It is a series of four historical fiction novels telling about the development of Indonesian nationalism. The books are partly based on his own experiences growing up. The English titles of the books are: "This Earth of Mankind", "Child of All Nations", "Footsteps", and "House of Glass". The main character of the series is named Minke. He is a minor Javanese royal. The character is similar to an Indonesian journalist named Tirto Adhi Surjo. He was active in the nationalist movement.

The quartet includes strong female characters of Indonesian and Chinese ethnicity. The books show how hard it was for these people to live under colonial rule. They experienced racist discrimination and attacks. They struggled for personal and national political independence. These books are typical of much of Pramoedya's writing. They tell personal stories and focus on individuals caught up in the movements of a nation's history.

Pramoedya Ananta Toer’s "Child of all Nations" describes the sorrow of Javanese people under Dutch colonialism. It's the second book in a series called the Buru Quartet, all written by Pramoedya. This book continues the story from the previous one and shows how people in Indonesia fought against the Dutch colonizers in the 1980s. It's against colonialism and shows the difficult lives of women, along with strong feelings of love and anger.

Pramoedya had done research for the books before he was sent to the Buru prison camp. When he was arrested his library was burned and much of his collection and early writings were lost. On the prison colony island of Buru he was not permitted even to have a pencil. Pramoedya thought that he would ever be able to write the novels on paper. He told the stories of the novels to his fellow prisoners. Other prisoners listened to the stories then helped him. They did extra labor so that Pramoedya did not have to work as much. So finally he was able to write the novels down. The final books took their name, "Buru Quartet," from the prison where he created them. They have been collected and published in English. Maxwell Lane translated them. They are also in many other languages. By 2005, they had been published in 33 languages (BIWP). Many people outside of Indonesia though that these were excellent books. They won many awards. But the Indonesian government banned their publication in Indonesia. So one of Indonesia's most famous literary works was almost impossible to find the country's people whose history it addressed. Indonesians abroad scanned copies and shared them on the Internet with people inside the country.

Pramoedya's works on colonial Indonesia recognised the importance of Islam as a vehicle for popular opposition to the Dutch. His works are not about religion and do not have clear religious themes. He opposed people who used religion to control how people think. Sometimes he wrote negatively about the religiously pious.

Pramoedya was freed from prison in 1979. But, he was still under house arrest in Jakarta until 1992. During this time he released "The Girl From the Coast", another semi-fictional novel based on his grandmother's own experience (volumes 2 and 3 of this work were destroyed along with his library in 1965). He also wrote "Nyanyi Sunyi Seorang Bisu" (1995); "A Mute's Soliloquy", an autobiography based on the letters that he wrote for his daughter from imprisonment in Buru but were not allowed to be sent, and "Arus Balik" (1995).

He wrote many columns and short articles criticizing the Indonesian government. He wrote a book called "Perawan Remaja dalam Cengkeraman Militer" ("Young Virgins in the Military's Grip"), a documentary written showcasing the plight of Javanese women who were forced to become comfort women during the Japanese occupation and were subsequently subject to oppression by their own Indonesian society. The Japanese military took these women to Buru island. They were raped and sexually abused by the Japanese. Many stayed there instead of returning to Java. Other political prisoners on Buru with Pramoedya were able to meet some of these women. They told the women's stories to Pramoedya. He wrote them down in narrative form in the 1970s. This was the start of the book published in 2001.

Pramoedya was hospitalized on April 27, 2006 for complications from diabetes and heart disease. He was also a heavy smoker of Kretek (clove) cigarettes and had endured years of abuse while in detention. Pramoedya was praised for his writing and won many awards. Many thought he was the best candidate for a Nobel Prize in Literature from Indonesia and Southeast Asia.

Pramoedya's writings on Indonesia address the international and regional currents caused by political events in history and how these events flowed through his homeland and buffeted its people. Pramoedya also shares a personal history of hardship and detention for his efforts of self-expression and the political aspects of his writings, and struggled against the censorship of his work by the leaders of his own people.


Books on Pramoedya Ananta Toer


Rudy Boesch

Rudolph Ernst Boesch (January 20, 1928 – November 1, 2019) was a United States Navy SEAL and television personality. He was a two-time competitor on the reality competition show "Survivor". He was born in Rochester, New York. Boesch hosted the television show "Combat Missions" in 2002.

Boesch died of Alzheimer's disease-related problems on November 1, 2019 at a retirement home in Virginia Beach, Virginia at the age of 91..


Sigvard Ericsson

John Sigvard "Sigge" Ericsson (17 July 1930 – 2 November 2019) was a Swedish speed skater. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won a gold and a silver medal in 1956.


Leo Iorga

Leo Iorga was a Romanian singer who died on 2 November 2019 of cancer in Bucharest, aged 54.

 

Marie Laforêt

Marie Laforêt (5 October 1939 – 2 November 2019) was a French-Swiss singer and actress. As a singer, she was known for her single "Mon amour, mon ami". As an actress, she was known for her roles in "Male Hunt" and "Who Wants to Kill Sara?".

Laforêt died in Genolier, Switzerland on 2 November 2019 at the age of 80.


Walter Mercado

Walter Mercado Salinas (March 9, 1932 – November 2, 2019), also known by his stage name Shanti Ananda, was a Puerto Rican astrologer, actor, dancer, and writer. He was best known as a television personality for his shows as an astrologer. His astrology predictions shows aired for many years in Puerto Rico, Latin America and the United States.

Mercado died on November 2, 2019 from kidney failure at a hospital in San Juan, Puerto Rico at the age of 87.


James I. Robertson Jr.

Dr. James I. "Bud" Robertson Jr. (July 18, 1930 – November 2, 2019) was an American historian. He was a known scholar on the American Civil War. He was an Alumni Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Virginia Tech.

Robertson died on November 2, 2019 of cancer in Richmond, Virginia, aged 89.


Gert Boyle

Gertrude Boyle (née Lamfrom; March 6, 1924 – November 3, 2019) was a German-born American businesswoman. Her father started Columbia Sportswear, where she later became president. She was the chairperson of the company from 1983 to her death.

Boyle died on November 3, 2019 at her home in Portland, Oregon, at the age of 95.

West Linn, Oregon

West Linn is a city in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. It is a rich suburb of Portland metropolitan area. It was named after U.S. Senator Lewis F. Linn. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 27,373.

Ian Cross

Ian Robert Cross (6 November 1925 – 2 November 2019) was a New Zealand novelist, journalist and administrator. His first novel, "The God Boy", was released in 1957. Later novels are "The Backward Sex" (1959), "After ANZAC Day" (1961) and "The Family Man" (1993).

Sorin Frunzăverde

Sorin Frunzăverde (26 April 1960 – 3 November 2019) was a Romanian politician. He was president of the Caraș-Severin County Council and Member of the European Parliament from 2007 through 2009. He was the Minister of National Defense in 2000 and again from 2006 through 2007.

Frunzăverde died on 3 November 2019 in Bucharest from kidney disease at the age of 59.


Taku Mayumura

Taku Mayumura ( "Mayumura Taku", 20 October 1934 – 3 November 2019) was a Japanese novelist, science fiction writer and haiku poet. He won the Seiun Award for Novel twice. 

In 2004 his Shiseikan (, "Administrator", one story of the "Shiseikan series"), written in 1974, was translated into English. Mayumura was an honorary member of the SFWJ (Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of Japan). His representative works in this field were "Nazo no Tenkousei" and "Nerawareta Gakuen".

Mayumura died on 3 November 2019 from pneumonia in Abeno-ku, Osaka at the age of 85.

Dalia Itzik

Dalia Itzik ( "Dalya Itsik"; born 20 October 1952) is a former Israeli politician. She was a member of the Knesset for HaAvoda and Kadima. From May 2006 to March 2009 she was the first female speaker of the Knesset. She was interim President of Israel from January to July 2007 and was several times a minister.

Itzik was born in Jerusalem and studied literature and history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and law in Herzliya.


Yvette Lundy

Yvette Lundy (22 April 1916 – 3 November 2019) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. She was the inspiration for the character of "Mademoiselle Lise Lundi" in the 2009 movie "Korkoro". She was born at Oger, Marne.

In 1938 she began working as a teacher at Gionges. During May 1940, as the Battle of France began, she fled the area, but returned two months later. Lundy was arrested on 19 June 1944 in her classroom at Gionges and was interrogated by the Gestapo and was sent to jail. Lundy was freed from Schlieben by the Red Army on 20 April 1945.

Lundy's memoir, "Le Fil de l'araignée", co-written with Laurence Barbarot-Boisson, was published in 2012.

In April 2016, Lundy turned 100. She died on 3 November 2019 at the age of 103.

Kees Driehuis

Kees Driehuis (8 December 1951 – 29 October 2019) was a Dutch television presenter. He was born in Amsterdam. He was best known as the presenter for the television quiz show "Per Seconde Wijzer" for 29 years. In total he presented 794 episodes of the quiz show.

Driehuis died on 29 October 2019 in Amsterdam of bladder cancer at the age of 67.

Stuart Heydinger

Stuart Heydinger (5 May 1927 – 6 October 2019) was a British photojournalist and portrait photographer. He was chief photographer at "The Observer" from 1960 to 1966. Heydinger was born in Kingston upon Thames, London.

Heydinger died on 6 October 2019 at the age of 92.


Saratoga Springs, New York

Saratoga Springs is a city in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The population was 28,491 at the 2020 census. Saratoga is just south of the Adirondack Mountains and it goes along the Hudson River. Saratoga Springs is most famous for the Saratoga Race Course which is the fourth oldest race horse in the U.S.

Shortly after 1691 British colonist settled the town of Schuylerville which at the time was called "Saratoga" before being renamed in 1831. In 1802 a hotel was established for travelers called the Gideon Putnam Hotel which led to a large population and economically boost for Saratoga and the surrounding areas.Although not directly in Saratoga Springs, the Battle of Saratoga was fought just 10 miles south and was a turning point in the American Revolutionary War. In 1863 the Saratoga Race Course opened up leading to a large increase in tourism because of the betting involved even to this day.

Saratoga Springs surrounds Saratoga Lake. The lake is 4.5 miles long and is known for its fishing and rowing competitions. There are also many beaches located on the lake.

There are many parks in Saratoga like Saratoga Spa State Park and Congress Park. Saratoga is also famous for it's horse racing which is done at the race track. The track is open from July to September and is known for its more prominent races like the Travers Stakes. Polo is also a common activity played in Saratoga. The sport is usually played during the summer at the Whitney Field. The Saratoga Skatepark is New York's first skatepark but the city filled area with dirt in order to prevent vandalism but did eventually remove it in 2011. 

The local government of Saratoga Springs follows a City commission government but there has been many failed attempts to change this, most recently in the November 2020 election. 

Ballston Spa, New York

Ballston Spa is a village and the county seat of Saratoga County, New York, United States, located southwest of Saratoga Springs. The population of the village, named after Rev. Eliphalet Ball, a Congregationalist clergyman and an early settler, was 5,111 at the 2020 census. 

Clackamas County, Oregon

Clackamas County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 421,401. It is Oregon's third-most populous county. Its county seat is Oregon City. 

Weymouth, Nova Scotia

Weymouth is a rural village located in Digby County, Nova Scotia on the Sissiboo River near its terminus on Baie Ste. Marie. 

List of people from Nova Scotia

This is a list of notable people who are from Nova Scotia, Canada, or have spent a large part or formative part of their career in that province.


See also:

See also:





































I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle

I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle is a 1990 low-budget comedy horror British movie.

It has a plot about a motorcycle possessed by an evil spirit.

It is set in a suburb of Birmingham, England. It is about a man named Noddy and his girlfriend Kim. They operate a motorcycle courier business. One day Noddy buys a classic motorbike, an 850cc Norton Commando. He restores the motorbike. The motorbike is possessed by the evil spirit of a man. The spirit was summoned by an occultist who was killed by a motorbike gang. The bike starts up by itself. It rides on its own and kills people. It targets members of the Hells Angels.

Michael Elphick plays Inspector Cleaver. Anthony Daniels plays an eccentric priest. The priest attempts to exorcise the bike's evil spirit.

During a satanic ritual, a motorbike gang kills an occultist with a crossbow. An evil spirit inhabits a damaged bike. Noddy is then seen purchasing the motorcycle from a dealer. It costs him £1100. He tells Kim he only paid £600. He takes it home to repair it. His friend, Buzzer, and girlfriend, Kim, help him. They repair the damage caused by the crossbow. They replace the fuel tank. Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies". The bike kills Buzzer by cutting off his head.

The motorbike has become a bloodthirsty monster. Noddy goes to the scene of the crime. There he meets an inspector who smells like garlic. Later, Noddy has a bad dream that the inspector gives him Buzzer's head in a bag. He dreams that it talks to him. He then wakes up. Noddy and Kim go to the pub. They order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider. Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow. One then offers to show Kim his "chopper" while she is playing pool. She declines, claiming not to have brought her magnifying glass. He then takes an axe and attacks the pool table. A bar wide brawl of 10 bikers starts. Kim manages to leave. She rides the bike to the back of the pub. Noddy jumps from the first floor on to the motorbike. He gets shot with a crossbow bolt.

They order a Chinese meal. When Kim orders garlic prawns, the bike goes mad. It drives off with her. It takes her under a bridge. It throws her off. It makes advances on her. It stops when it sees a crucifix around her neck. It drives off back to the pub. Chopper attempts to steal it. The bike stabs him through the leg with a large metal spike. It then launches him at some graffiti artists. It then proceeds to exact its revenge on the rest of the gang. It decapitates the majority. It leaves Roach with a bolt inserted into his posterior.

Noddy finds out Kim has been taken to hospital. She describes the bike's advances. She has a hollow look in her eyes. It is then seen that the inspector is looking at some heads. Noddy then goes to a priest. The priest also has a motorcycle. They travel to the garage where the bike is kept. The priest is sarcastic. He does not believe Noddy. Not wanting to be taken into the sunlight, the bike uses its brake lever to cut off the priest's fingers. Determining the bike is a vampire, the priest decides to do an exorcism. Believing the bike will come back for Kim, the priest gives her some garlic.

The vampire bike disables the bike Noddy and the priest are riding. They wait for a bus. It is a race against the sun to get to the vampire bike before nightfall. During the exorcism, the priest is hit in the head with a spanner. Noddy is blown around the room by a mysterious wind, knocking him into cupboards. The priest is then crucified with a crown of barbed wire. The priest sprinkles holy water. This makes the bike angry. It grows spikes and glows red.

Noddy runs off and steals a police motorcycle. He drags the policeman behind him. The policeman is almost run over by the vampire bike. The bike is chased by a police car. The priest attempts to explain it to the authorities. Kim is washed removing her garlic. The bike evades the police by driving vertically down a wall. It goes to the hospital to finish off Kim. It cuts the tea lady in two. Kim uses her crucifix to scare it away. The motorbike goes after Roach. Roach crashes and lands in a coffin. He is presumed dead.

The bike then goes for Noddy but gets its front wheel stuck in a bridge. Noddy throws it in a river. Thinking he is safe, Noddy has a victory smoke. The audience sees a red-light under the water. Noddy then sees it and screams. He runs around like a lunatic. He hides in a gym. The bike doesn't take long to find him. It starts attacking the patrons with its spikes. Noddy then bashes the bike. It pretends to die. Everyone feels safe, until it starts throwing people's limbs in the air. The inspector scares it with his smell. The bike manages to trap Noddy against a wall. Noddy turns on a sun bed. Everyone uses their crucifix and/or garlic breath to force it into the light and it melts. Kim asks how much Noddy really spent on the bike. The priest says they are usually reliable. Back in Noddy's workshop, he accidentally cuts his hand. The blood drips onto the bike's old fuel tank which springs open, leaving the audience expecting a sequel.


Mania (Fall Out Boy album)

Mania (stylized as M A  N   I    A) is the seventh studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released on January 19, 2018.


Make America Psycho Again

Make America Psycho Again is the first remix album by Fall Out Boy, released on October 30, 2015.


Ève Curie

Ève Denise Curie Labouisse (; December 6, 1904 – October 22, 2007) was a French and American writer, journalist and pianist. She was the younger daughter of Marie Curie and Pierre Curie. Her sister was Irène Joliot-Curie and her brother-in-law Frédéric Joliot-Curie. Ève was the only member of her family who did not choose a career as a scientist and did not win a Nobel Prize. She worked as a journalist, and wrote her mother's biography "Madame Curie" and a book of war reportage, "Journey Among Warriors".

Shingō, Aomori

Shingō is in south-central Aomori Prefecture. It is east of Lake Towada. A lot of the village is mountainous. The elevation can be 1000 meters high near the border with Akita Prefecture. The village has a cold Humid continental climate characterized by cool short summers and long cold winters with very heavy snowfall (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). The average annual temperature in Shingō is 8.7 °C (47 °F). The average yearly amount of rain is 1342 mm (53 in.). September is the wettest month. The hottest month is August; the average temperature is 22.2 °C (72 °F). The coldest month is January; the average temperature is -3.7 °C (25 °F).

Aomori Prefecture
Akita Prefecture

Per Japanese census data, the population of Shingō has declined over the past 40 years.
The area around Shingō was controlled by the Nambu clan of Morioka Domain during the Edo period. During the post-Meiji restoration cadastral reform of April 1, 1889, Herai Village and neighboring Nozawa Village were formed. On July 29, 1955 the western portion of Nozawa Village merged into Herai, which was then renamed Shingō.

Shingō has two public elementary schools and two public middle schools operated by the village government. The village does not have a high school.

The economy of Shingō is mostly agriculture. Notable crops include edible chrysanthemum, Japanese yam and tobacco. Traditionally a horse breeding area, Shingō is also known for its cattle ranches.


Shingō village has what is said to be the last resting place of Jesus. It is called the "Tomb of Jesus" ("Kirisuto no haka"). It's also where Jesus' last descendants, the family of Sajiro Sawaguchi, lives. The Sawaguchi family says that Jesus Christ did not die on the cross at Golgotha. Instead, his brother, Isukiri, took his place on the cross. Jesus left, and he went through Siberia to Mutsu Province (in northern Japan). Once in Japan, he changed his name to Torai Tora Daitenku. He became a rice farmer, and he married a twenty-year old Japanese woman named Miyuko. He raised three daughters near what is now Shingō. While in Japan, he supposedly traveled around. He supposedly died at the age of 106. His body was exposed on a hilltop for four years. Jesus' bones were collected, bundled, and buried in the mound said to be the grave of Jesus Christ.

Another mound near the supposed grave of Jesus is said to have an ear of the brother of Jesus. It is also said to have some hair from Mary, the mother of Jesus. They were the only things from his family that Jesus could carry when he left Judaea. The claims started in 1933 after the people found supposed "ancient Hebrew documents about Jesus' life and death in Japan." They were supposedly the from Jesus. These documents are called the Takeuchi Documents. They are said to be very old documents that were passed down through the family of Takeuchi Kiyomaro. The documents were supposedly taken by the Japanese authorities, and the documents were taken to Tokyo, shortly before World War II. They have not been seen since.


Erta Ale

Erta Ale is a shield volcano in Ethiopia. The name means Smoking Mountain. It is one of the most active volcanoes in Africa.

Lake Towada

The lake is a popular place for tourists.

A World War II Tachikawa Ki-54 airplane of the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force crashed into the lake in 1943. It was found at the bottom of Lake Towada on 13 August 2010. It was taken on September 5, 2012. and has been placed on display.

The lake's symbol, the Otome-no-Zo statue, is in the center of the lake. From there excursion boats arrive and depart. In Utarube, visitors can go canoeing or camping.


Lake Hibara

Hibara Lake is a mesotrophic lake. It was created because of the July 15, 1888 eruption of Mount Bandai. The debris avalanche created a natural dam that then filled with water. It sank . The ruins of Hibara Village are still at the bottom of the lake.

Lake Kuttara

A salamander species, , lives at the lake. Since 1909, Sockeye salmon have been sent to the lake.


IPhone 11 Pro

The iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max are smartphones sold by Apple Inc. They were released on September 20, 2019, as replacements to the iPhone X and X Max. The phones feature a third camera lens on the rear instead of two lenses. They are available in gold, silver, space gray, and a new midnight green shade. They ship with an 18-watt power adapter and a USB-C–to–Lightning cable for fast charging.

Irwin Fridovich

Irwin Fridovich (August 2, 1929 – November 2, 2019) was an American biochemist. He discovered the enzymatic activity of copper,zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD),—to protect organisms from the toxic effects of superoxide free radicals formed as a byproduct of normal oxygen metabolism. 

He spent the rest of his career studying the biochemical mechanisms. Fridovich was also Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry at Duke University.

Jacques Dupont

Jacques Dupont may refer to:

Jacques Dupont (cyclist)

Jacques Dupont (19 June 1928 – 4 November 2019) was a French racing cyclist. He was born in Lézat-sur-Lèze. He won a gold medal in the 1000m time trial at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. He also won a bronze medal in the team road race, together with José Beyaert and Alain Moineau. He won Paris–Tours in 1951 and 1955.

Dupont died on 4 November 2019 in Lézat-sur-Lèze, at the age of 91.


Sadeque Hossain Khoka

Sadeque Hossain Khoka (12 May 1952 – 4 November 2019) was a Bangladeshi politician. He served as the 2nd mayor of Dhaka City Corporation during 2002 to 2011. He was the vice chairman of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was President of undivided Dhaka city BNP for longest period of the organisation's existence.

Khoka was born in a Muslim family. His father was an engineer and a social worker. Khoka attended Dhaka University and completed M.A. in psychology. In 1971 at the age of 19 he fought in the Bangladesh Liberation War. After independence, he worked in organizing soccer, rising to the positions of General Secretary of the Dhaka Metropolitan Football Association and Joint General Secretary of the Bangladesh Football Federation. Khoka was the key person of the football club Brothers Union.

Khoka was first elected to the Jatiyo Sangshad (national legislature) in 1991. In the same year he was made State Minister of Youth and Sports. Khoka also won from his constituency in elections in 1996 and 2001. After Bangladesh Nationalist Party's victory in 2001, Khoka was made Cabinet Minister of Fisheries and Livestock. Being in the office, he fought the Dhaka City Corporation election for mayorship and won. He took office as the Mayor of Dhaka on 25 April 2002. He served as both Minister and Mayor till 2004 when he resigned from the ministry.

Khoka resigned from the mayoral duties of Dhaka on 29 November 2011, when the government passed a bill in parliament to split DCC (Dhaka City Corporation) into two parts and renamed them DCC North and DCC South.

In 2013, Khoka compared the crackdown on Hefazat protestors to the Pakistani crackdown on 25 March and Jalianwala Bagh massacres. In response, Detective Branch police raided the houses of Sadeque Hossain Khoka and Bangladesh Jatiya Party chairman Andaleeve Rahman Partha.

Khoka was married to Ismat Ara and had two sons and a daughter. His eldest son Ishraque Hossain is a politician and Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 2018 Mayoral election in Dhaka. Another son Ishfaque Hossain is now a Bachelor level student from University of Hertfordshire. His daughter Sarika Sadeque is married to Ahmed Iftekhar, Son of Ahmad Nazir, Ex Parliament Member. Both of them pursued MBA degree from Durham University.

Khoka died from cancer on 4 November 2019 in New York.

Ahmet Altan

Ahmet Hüsrev Altan (born 2 March 1950) is a Turkish journalist and author. He was a night shift reporter to editor in chief in various newspapers. He worked for the newspapers "Hürriyet", "Milliyet" and "Radikal". In 2007 he became the founding editor-in-chief and lead columnist of "Taraf", a daily Turkish newspaper, and remained in the position until his resignation in December 2012.

In October 2019, Atlan revealed to "The New York Times" that he is receiving treatment for brain cancer.

Shani Wallis

Shani Wallis (born 14 April 1933) is an English actress and singer. She is perhaps best known for her roles in the West End, and for the role of Nancy in the 1968 Oscar-winning movie musical "Oliver!".

Wallis is a patron of the theatre charity the Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America.


Austin Pendleton

Austin Campbell Pendleton (born March 27, 1940) is an American actor, playwright, theatre director and instructor.

In 2009 Pendleton directed "Uncle Vanya", starring Maggie Gyllenhaal and Peter Sarsgaard, at the Classic Stage Company. He teaches acting at the HB Studio and directing at The New School, both in Greenwich Village.

Christmas with the Kranks

Christmas with the Kranks is a 2004 American Christmas comedy movie based on the 2001 novel "Skipping Christmas" by John Grisham. It was directed by Joe Roth and written and produced by Chris Columbus.

It stars Tim Allen and Jamie Lee Curtis as a couple in Chicago who decide to skip Christmas one year since their daughter is away, much to the disapproval of their neighbors. The movie also stars Julie Gonzalo, Tom Poston, Dan Aykroyd, M. Emmet Walsh, Austin Pendleton, Cheech Marin and Felicity Huffman.

The movie received negative reviews on Rotten Tomatoes with a 5% score.

Bibeksheel Sajha Party

The Bibeksheel Sajha Party () इस a political party in Nepal. It was created by former Editor-in-chief of BBC Nepali Service Rabindra Mishra.

Ravi Shankar Prasad

Ravi Shankar Prasad is an Indian lawyer, politician and the current Union Minister holding the Ministry of Law and Justice, Communications and Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology portfolios in the Government of India. He is a leader of BJP.

In 2018 according to "The Economic Times" he features among the top twenty influential world leaders in digital technology and e-government.

Aryabhata

Aryabhata (476–550 CE) was an Indian mathematician and an astronomer. He discovered zero.

<br>

Chhipahrmai Rural Municipality

Chhipaharmai Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 26,671.

Kalikamai Rural Municipality

Kalikamai Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 21,131.

Thori Rural Municipality

Thori Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 20,296.

Jirabhawani Rural Municipality

Jira Bhawani Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District in Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 22,765.

1977 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1977 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1976–77 season, and the finish to the 1977 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was played between the Boston Bruins and the defending champion Montreal Canadiens. The Bruins were making their first appearance in the final series since their loss in the 1974 Final. The Canadiens would win the best-of-seven series four games to none, to win their second straight Stanley Cup championship, and 20th overall.

Montreal defeated the St. Louis Blues 4–0 and the New York Islanders 4–2 to advance to the final.

Boston defeated the Los Angeles Kings 4–2 and the Philadelphia Flyers 4–0 to make it to the final.

Jacques Lemaire scored three game-winning goals, including the Cup-winner in overtime. Guy Lafleur won the Conn Smythe Trophy for scoring 10 goals and 17 assists during the playoffs.


2019 Cotabato earthquakes

In October 2019, an earthquakes struck the province of Cotabato on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines, of which three earthquakes were above 6.0 in the magnitude scale with an intensity VIII. 

The first was on October 16, a magnitude 6.3 earthquake, with an epicenter near Tulunan. At least seven people were killed and 215 others injured. The second earthquake was on October 29, a magnitude 6.6 event with an epicenter near Bual, to the northeast of the 16 October event. The third earthquake was on October 31, a magnitude 6.5 with epicenter near Tulunan. It is not considered to be an aftershock of the October 29 event. 22 people died and a further 424 were injured after these two events.

SetACL

SetACL is a freeware utility for manipulating security descriptors on Microsoft Windows. It used to be available under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). It changed to a freeware license in version 3.0.0.0.

This list of features is taken from the product's web page.

To set 'change' permissions on the directory 'C:\angela' for user 'brian' in domain 'dom1':

Remove write and change permission sets from Desktop, replace with 'read and execute' permissions: 

An example of its use from AutoIt can be found here


Dean Prentice

Dean Sutherland Prentice (October 5, 1932 – November 2, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger.

Prentice played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 22 seasons between 1952–53 and 1973–74. Over his NHL career, Prentice played for the New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Minnesota North Stars.

Prentice died on November 2, 2019 in Cambridge, Ontario at the age of 87.

Mount Alayta

Mount Alatya is a shield volcano in Ethiopia. It produced significant lava flows in the early 1900s. The last eruption was in 1915.

Neo Geo

The Neo Geo is an 16-bit arcade system and home console made by SNK. The home console uses arcade boards for cartridges, which read and play games. A mini-console variant, the Neo-Geo Mini, was released to poor reviews. Many of its games have been re-released on other platforms.

SNK

SNK is a well known developer of video games. They are famous for their The King of Fighters series, Metal Slug series, Samurai Showdown series, Psycho Soldier, Art of Fighting series, and much more games.

WorldCat Identities

WorldCat is a union catalog that lists the collections of 17,900 libraries in 123 countries and territories that participate in the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) global cooperative. It is operated by OCLC, Inc. The subscribing member libraries work together to maintain WorldCat's database. It is the world's largest bibliographic database. OCLC makes WorldCat itself available for free to libraries, but the catalog is also used for other subscription OCLC services (such as resource sharing and collection management). WorldCat is used by the general public and by librarians for cataloging and research.

OCLC was founded in 1967 under the leadership of Fred Kilgour. That same year, OCLC began to develop the union catalog technology that would later evolve into WorldCat; the first catalog records were added in 1971.

In 2003, OCLC began the "Open WorldCat" pilot program, making shorter records from a some of WorldCat available to partner web sites and booksellers. OCLC did this so that subscribing member libraries' collections would become more accessible.

In October 2005, the OCLC technical staff began a wiki project called WikiD. It let readers add comments and structured-field information to any WorldCat record. WikiD was later phased out, although WorldCat later incorporated user-generated content in other ways.

In 2006, it became possible for anyone to search WorldCat directly at its open website, It had been available on the web to subscribing libraries for more than ten years already. Options for more sophisticated searches of WorldCat have remained available through the FirstSearch interface.

In 2007, WorldCat Identities began showing pages for 20 million "identities." Identities are mostly authors and people who books are about.

In May 2019, WorldCat held over 450 million bibliographic records in 484 languages. Record over 2.8 billion physical and digital library items. The WorldCat persons dataset (mined from WorldCat) included over 100 million people.




Hydrogen cyanide

Hydrogen cyanide is a chemical compound which is a cyanide. Like most other cyanides, it is very toxic. It is also called prussic acid.

Cottonwood Falls, Kansas

Cottonwood Falls is the biggest city of Chase County, Kansas. It is also the county seat of Chase County. In 2020, 851 people lived there.

The first settlement in the Cottonwood Falls area was in 1854. An Indian trader named Seth Hayes created a cattle ranch on the Cottonwood River. In 1859, the area around the town was organized as Chase County. Cottonwood Falls was chosen to be the temporary county seat. Other early people came in Cottonwood and nearby land from 1856 to 1858.

The first post office in Cottonwood Falls was created in 1858. In 1873, the city's French Renaissance style Chase County courthouse was built. Around the same time, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway reached Cottonwood Falls area. Through the late 19th century and early 20th century the area around the city was mostly farms and cattle ranches.

Cottonwood Falls is at (38.368211, -96.542755). It is in the Flint Hills of the Great Plains. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Cottonwood Falls has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cottonwood Falls has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Cottonwood Falls is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 851 people, 318 households, and 179 families living in Cottonwood Falls. Of the households, 74.2% owned their home and 25.8% rented their home.

The median age was 41.9 years. Of the people, 77.3% were White, 1.9% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 14.9% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 903 people, 342 households, and 205 families living in Cottonwood Falls.

Cottonwood Falls is part of Unified School District 284.

K-177 highway goes north-south through the city. 
Chase County Airport, FAA:9K0, is south-east of 8th St and Airport Rd.

Cottonwood Falls has five things on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).




Council Grove, Kansas

Council Grove is a city in Morris County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Morris County. This city is fifty-five miles southwest of Topeka. It was named after an agreement between European Americans and the Osage Nation about allowing settlers' wagon trains to go through the area to go West. Pioneers came together at a grove of trees so that wagons could stay together for their trip west. In 2020, 2,140 people lived there.

Council Grove was one of the last stops on the Santa Fe Trail when going southwest. The first European-American settler was Seth M. Hays. He came to the area in 1847 to trade with the Kaw tribe. The Kaw had a reservation created in the area in 1846. Hays was a great grandson of Daniel Boone.

On February 26, 1855, a post office was created in Council Grove.

In 1858, the town was officially incorporated by the Kansas legislature. Hays also opened a restaurant in 1857, the Hays House, which is said to be the oldest restaurant west of the Mississippi River.

In 1943, the United States government brought prisoners to Lawrence. These prisoners were war prisoners from World War II. The prisoners were mostly German people and Italian people. The government brought them because farmers needed more people. They were forced to live in camps. These camps were like prisons. Fort Riley created 12 small camps, and one was in Council Grove.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Council Grove has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Council Grove has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
The 2020 census says that there were 2,140 people, 912 households, and 528 families living in Council Grove. Of the households, 63.9% owned their home and 36.1% rented their home.

The median age was 41.3 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 0.3% were Native American, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 2.1% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,182 people, 991 households, and 565 families living in Council Grove.

Council Grove is part of Unified School District 417.




Video game crash of 1977

The video game crash of 1977 (also known as 1977 video game crash or the forgotten video game crash) is one of the first times the video game industry "crashed". This event is mostly attributed to Pong-clone home video game consoles, and such. Many video game companies went broke in this crash because they had to make their game consoles cheaper due to the high number of concurrent products. It is followed by the video game crash of 1983. 

Elkhart, Kansas

Elkhart is a city in Morton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Morton County. The south part of the city is the Kansas-Oklahoma state border. Elkhart is from the Kansas-Colorado border. In 2020, 1,888 people lived there.

Elkhart was created in 1913. It was named after Elkhart, Indiana.

In 1961, the county seat was moved from Richfield to Elkhart.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Elkhart has a cool semi-arid climate (Köppen "BSk"). It has dry winters with big temperature differences, and it has hot summers, and it sometimes has a lot of precipitation from thunder showers or storms.

During winter, because western Kansas lies both on the edge of the subtropical anticyclones and in the rain shadow of westerly winds crossing the Rocky Mountains, the region is generally dry: no measurable precipitation fell in Elkhart between 25 December 1903 and 2 April 1904, while monthly precipitation above has never been recorded during January and is observed fewer than one year in ten during November, December or February. Temperatures can vary greatly during this season: strong chinook winds can drive temperatures above even in the depth of winter, with reached on average during six days between December and February, seven during November and eight during March. Nevertheless, cold outbreaks from Canada drive temperatures to or below on an average of 3.6 nights per winter. The coldest temperature recorded in Elkhart has been on January 19, 1984, while the hottest winter temperature has been on February 1, 1963.

In the summer, the climate is generally very hot. It sometime gets thunderstorms. Those storms provide most of the of precipitation expected during one year.The wettest calendar year has been 1941 with and the driest 1937 when only fell.
The 2020 census says that there were 1,888 people, 729 households, and 469 families living in Elkhart. Of the households, 69.3% owned their home and 30.7% rented their home.

The median age was 41.1 years. Of the people, 75.1% were White, 1.2% were Asian, 0.7% were Native American, 0.7% were Black, 0.3% were Pacific Islanders, 10.2% were from some other race, and 11.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 23.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,205 people, 856 households, and 571 families living in Elkhart.

Elkhart is served by USD 218 Elkhart. The Elkhart High School mascot is the Wildcats.



Erie, Kansas

Erie is a city in Neosho County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Neosho County. Erie is in the valley of the Neosho River, about a mile Northeast of the river. In 2020, 1,047 people lived there.

A settlement called "Erie", later referred to as "Old Erie" and "Beantown USA", was platted northwest of the present townsite. Another community, known as Crawfordsville, was started two miles northeast of the current place. In 1866, the creators of these two towns decided to leave the towns and combine with the settlement at the current Erie site. Four men gave 40 acres each, that butted together, out of their 160-acre shares, to create the city plat of Erie. These men were: David W. Bray, Luther Puckett, John F. Himmelwright and Peter Walter. In November 1866, the Erie Town Company was created. Each member of this company gave forty acres of land in the center of Section 32, Township 28, Range 20 east. Each member was to buy city plots and improve them.

Erie's first fire company was created in November 1866; its charter members were the men who had gave the land on which the community was built. The first log home in Erie was built in 1866. The first businesses were built in 1867. By 1883, the city had two general stores, two blacksmith shops, one drug store, two hotels, one newspaper office, two churches, and more than 300 people living in the city.

Erie was incorporated on December 25, 1869. On December 30, the trustees met and said Erie was a 3rd class city.

In 1872, Erie was chosen to be the county seat of Neosho County. They defeated "Osage Mission" (later renamed Saint Paul) in an election to decide the county seat. A lawsuit was filed, and it reached the Kansas Supreme Court. The court said Erie would still be county seat.

Erie is at (37.571661, -95.241791). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Erie has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Erie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,047 people, 418 households, and 284 families living in Erie. Of the households, 72.2% owned their home and 27.8% rented their home.

The median age was 42.2 years. Of the people, 89.5% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 1.2% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,150 people, 463 households, and 312 families living in Erie.

The Unified School District 101 (USD 101) serves Erie, Galesburg, Stark, and Parsons in Neosho County. On September 18, 2007 the district passed a $21.9 million bond issue. They built a new high school in Erie. It opened for classes in the Fall 2010 semester.



Eureka, Kansas

Eureka is a city Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Greenwood County. In 2020, 2,332 people lived there.

In 1857, the first settlement at Eureka was built. The first post office in Eureka was created in August 1858. Eureka was laid out in 1867, and it was incorporated in 1870. The city is named after the Greek expression Eureka, meaning "I have found it".

An EF2 tornado hit Eureka on July 7, 2016 at 9:45 pm. More than 143 total buildings, including at least 50 homes, businesses, a nursing home, and grain elevator, were damaged. No people were injured.

An EF3 tornado hit Eureka on June 26, 2018 at 7:21 pm (daylight). 175 buildings were damaged or destroyed. 78 homes were damaged (12 not livable, 10 totaled). 8 people were injured.

Eureka is at (37.822745, −96.289583). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Eureka has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Eureka has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,332 people, 1,038 households, and 568 families living in Eureka. Of the households, 65.8% owned their home and 34.2% rented their home.

The median age was 44.9 years. Of the people, 89.6% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 1.0% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,633 people, 1,171 households, and 663 families living in Eureka.

Eureka Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport. It is two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Eureka.



La Crosse, Kansas

La Crosse is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rush County. In 2020, 1,266 people lived there. La Crosse calls itself the "Barbed Wire capital of the world."

La Crosse was created in 1876. It was named after the city of La Crosse, Wisconsin. La Crosse subsequently became the intended county seat, and county records were transferred there from the temporary county seat, nearby Rush Center. A county seat war ensued between the two communities, lasting until La Crosse was declared the permanent county seat and the construction of the county courthouse in 1888.

In the 1960s, La Crosse became a regional center of barbed wire collecting, leading to the establishment of the Kansas Barbed Wire Museum and the nicknaming of the city as "The Barbed Wire Capital of the World".

On May 25, 2012, an EF-1 tornado caused about four blocks of a lot of damage, and two businesses were destroyed. A third of the businesses had very bad damage. There were no injuries.

La Crosse is at (38.532014, -99.308614). It has an elevation of 2,057 feet (627 m). It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. It is about south of the Smoky Hill River and north of Walnut Creek, which is a tributary of the Arkansas River. Sand Creek, a tributary of Walnut Creek, goes southeast around the southwestern and southern parts of the city. Mule Creek, a small tributary of Sand Creek, flows southeast through the city. It is in west-central Kansas at the intersection of U.S. Route 183 and K-4. La Crosse is northwest of Wichita, west-southwest of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On average in La Crosse, July is the hottest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in La Crosse was 115 °F (46 °C) in 1954; the coldest temperature ever was -24 °F (-31 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,266 people, 547 households, and 318 families living in La Crosse. Of the households, 73.5% owned their home and 26.5% rented their home.

The median age was 45.6 years. Of the people, 94.8% were White, 0.3% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.1% were Native American, 0.7% were from some other race, and 3.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,342 people, 606 households, and 350 families living in La Crosse.

La Crosse Public Schools (USD 395) controls three schools in the city.

Rush County Airport is northeast of the city. It is on the north side of K-4. It is publicly owned. It has one runway. It is used for general aviation.

A railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad goes southeast-northwest through La Crosse.

"The Rush County News" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week in La Crosse.

La Crosse is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Lakin, Kansas

Lakin is a city in Kearny County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Kearny County. In 2020, 2,205 people lived there.

Lakin was created in 1874. It was named after David Long Lakin, the former treasurer of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.

A post office in Lakin was built in March 1874. In 1888, Lakin was chosen to be the county seat.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,205 people, 796 households, and 555 families living in Lakin. Of the households, 68.8% owned their home and 31.2% rented their home.

The median age was 34.8 years. Of the people, 64.0% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 11.0% were from some other race, and 22.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 37.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,216 people, 781 households, and 573 families living in Lakin.



Larned, Kansas

Larned is a city in Pawnee County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Pawnee County. In 2020, 3,769 people lived there.

Larned was planned out in 1873. The first post office in Larned was created in 1872.

The city was named after nearby Fort Larned, which operated from 1859 to 1878. It was also named after Colonel Benjamin F. Larned, U.S. Army Paymaster from July 1854 to his death September 6, 1862.

Larned is at (38.18339, -99.101261). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Larned has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Larned has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,769 people, 1,704 households, and 919 families living in Larned. Of the households, 64.5% owned their home and 35.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.6 years. Of the people, 85.8% were White, 2.4% were Black, 0.6% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.7% were from some other race, and 9.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,054 people, 1,824 households, and 1,027 families living in Larned.

The local newspaper is "Larned Tiller & Toiler".




Omero Antonutti

Omero Antonutti (3 August 1935 – 5 November 2019) was an Italian actor. His best known roles were in "Padre Padrone", "El Sur", and Carlos Saura in "El Dorado". He also played Noah in "".

Antonutti died in Udine on 5 November 2019, at the age of 84, from cancer-related problems.


Ernest J. Gaines

Ernest James Gaines (January 15, 1933 – November 5, 2019) was an American writer. He was born in Pointe Coupee, Louisiana. His best known works were "A Lesson Before Dying", "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and "A Gathering of Old Men". He won the won the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction. He was added into the "Ordre des Arts et des Lettres" (Order of Arts and Letters) as a Chevalier.

Gaines died on November 5, 2019 in Oscar, Louisiana of natural causes at the age of 86.


Leo Ryan

Leo Joseph Ryan Jr. (May 5, 1925 – November 18, 1978) was an American teacher and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the U.S. Representative from California's 11th congressional district from 1973 until his assassination as part of the Jonestown massacre in 1978.


William M. Branham

William Marrion Branham (April 6, 1909 – December 24, 1965) was an American Christian minister and faith healer. He left a lasting impact on televangelism and the modern Charismatic movement. He was seen as the "principal architect of restorationist thought" for Charismatics by some Christian historians.

Branham was killed in a car crash on Christmas Eve 1965 at the age of 56.

Cumberland County, Kentucky

Cumberland County is a county located in the Pennyroyal Plateau region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,888. Its county seat is Burkesville.

Junius Ho

Junius Kwan-yiu Ho (born 4 June 1962) is a Hong Kong lawyer and politician. He is a former president of the Law Society of Hong Kong and chairman of the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. He was an elected member of the Tuen Mun District Council since 2015.

Baburam Bhattarai

Baburam Bhattarai (born 18 June 1954) is a Nepalese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Nepal. He has a PhD in rural development from Jawaharlal University Delhi in 1986.

Pridi Banomyong

Pridi Banomyong (, , ; 11 May 1900 – 2 May 1983), also known by his noble title Luang Praditmanutham () was a Thai politician and professor. As a Thai Regent, prime minister and senior statesman of Thailand, he also held multiple ministerial posts. He was a leader of the civilian wing of Khana Ratsadon, founder of University of Moral and Political Sciences and the Bank of Thailand.

CITES

CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora. It is also called the Washington Convention) is a multilateral treaty to protect endangered plants and animals. International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) decided to make the treaty in 1963. Countries started signing it on 3 March 1973. CITES started to have effect on 1 July 1975. 


Mirjapur

Mirjapur is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in the Narayani Zone of Southern Nepal. Now, Mirjapur is a ward of Chhipaharmai Gaupalika. At the time of 2011 Nepal census, it had a population of 4,229 people living.

Lower Mainland

The Lower Mainland (LM) is the name for the area that includes Vancouver and the surrounding cities within the Metro Vancouver Regional District and the Fraser Valley Regional District.

Fraser Valley

The Fraser Valley is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada. It was created in 1995 by combining three regional districts named Fraser-Cheam, Dewdney-Alouette and Central Fraser Valley.

The regional district includes 6 municipalities and 8 electoral areas. The district covers 13,361.74 square kilometres (5,159 square miles).

BET Awards

The BET Awards is an American award show. It started in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network. The award celebrates African Americans and other American minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the previous year. The awards are presented each year. They are broadcast live on BET.

Most wins (as of 2021)
Most nominations (as of 2017)
This is a list of multiple nominated performers, athletes & actors with 5 or more career nominations. Beyoncé is currently the most nominated performer with 75 nominations, solo and with Destiny's Child.

75 nominations

51 nominations

51 nominations

35 nominations

33 nominations

31 nominations

23 nominations

21 nominations

19 nominations

18 nominations

17 nominations

16 nominations

15 nominations

14 nominations

13 nominations

12 nominations

11 nominations

10 nominations

9 nominations

8 nominations

7 nominations

6 nominations

5 nominations

50 Central

50 Central is an American sketch comedy television series hosted by 50 Cent. The series premiered on BET on September 27, 2017.

Rob Moran

Rob Moran, is an actor and producer. Moran has appeared in over 60 films. He has produced a few of them.

In 1982, Moran graduated from Emerson College. In 1985, Rob and actress Julie Bryan began dating. They met on a Ford automotive commercial. They were married in 1987. In 1999, their daughter Maiya Dupree was born. In 2004, their second daughter Makayla-Amet was born.


Micro-Hydropower

A micro-hydro power (MHP) plant is a type of hydroelectric power scheme that produces electricity using a flowing stream or a water flow. Micro-hydro systems are generally used in developing countries to provide electricity to isolated communities or rural villages where electricity grid is not available. Feeding back into the national grid when electricity production is in surplus is also evident in some cases. The micro-hydro scheme design can be approached as per household basis or at the village level often involving local materials and labor

Lev Anninsky

Lev Alexandrovich Anninsky (, 7 April 1934 – 6 November 2019) was a Soviet and Russian literary critic, historian, publicist, essayist and author of more than 30 books. 

The 1970s saw the publication of several books by Anninsky, among them "Betrothed to the Idea" (on Nikolai Ostrovsky’s "How the Steel Was Tempered", 1971) and "Vasily Shukshin" (1976). Anninsky's books of the 1980s included "The Leo Hunters (Lev Tolstoy in cinema)", 1980, 1989; "Leskovian Necklace" (1982, 1885), "Contacts" (1982), "Branches Full of Sunlight" (a study on Lithuanian photography, 1984), "Nikolai Gubenko" (1986) and "The Three Heretics" (1988).

Anninsky died on 6 November 2019 in Moscow at the age of 85.


Edward Nixon

Edward Calvert Nixon (May 3, 1930 – February 27, 2019) was an American entrepreneur. He was the youngest brother of United States President Richard Nixon. He co-authored his memoir, "The Nixons: A Family Portrait", with Karen L. Olson. The book was published in 2009. He was born in Whittier, California. From 1971 until his death, Nixon was the president of Nixon World Enterprises, Inc., an international consulting service based in Washington state.

Nixon also taught as an assistant professor of naval science at the University of Washington. He was the last surviving member of the five Nixon brothers.

Nixon died on February 27, 2019 at the age of 88, at a nursing facility, in Bothell, Washington.


Bothell, Washington

Bothell () is a city in King and Snohomish counties in the U.S. state of Washington. It is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 33,505.

Knives Out

Knives Out is a 2019 American black comedy mystery movie written, produced and directed by Rian Johnson. The movie is about a rich family gathering gone horribly wrong, after the family patriarch's death leads a master detective to investigate.

The movie stars Daniel Craig, Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Shannon, Don Johnson, Toni Collette, Lakeith Stanfield, Katherine Langford, Jaeden Martell, M. Emmet Walsh, K Callan, Frank Oz and Christopher Plummer.

The movie had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2019 and is scheduled to be theatrically released in the United States on November 27, 2019, by Lionsgate.

The movie has strong positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes holding an approval rating of 98% based on 100 reviews. A sequel will be released in 2022 on Netflix.

Ana de Armas

Ana Celia de Armas Caso (born 30 April 1988) is a Cuban-Spanish actress.

In 2015, she starred in her first American movie, "Knock Knock", followed by "Exposed", "Hands of Stone", and "War Dogs". In 2017, she had her breakout role as AI hologram Joi in the critically acclaimed science fiction movie "Blade Runner 2049".

MonoDevelop

MonoDevelop is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) developed by Unity technologies for c# programming.

Katherine Langford

Katherine Langford (born 29 April 1996) is an Australian actress. She is known for her role as Hannah Baker in the first two seasons of the Netflix teen drama series "13 Reasons Why" (2017–2018). She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama. Langford has also taken on supporting roles in the movies "Love, Simon" (2018) and "Knives Out" (2019).

Lakeith Stanfield

Lakeith Lee Stanfield (born August 12, 1991), sometimes credited as Keith Stanfield, is an American actor, poet and rapper.

He is known for his role as Jimmie Lee Jackson in "Selma" (2014), Snoop Dogg in "Straight Outta Compton" (2015), and Patrick Haynes in "Snowden" (2016).

Since 2016, he has starred as Darius Epps in the FX comedy-drama series "Atlanta".


Redlining

In the United States and Canada, redlining is the process of denying services to residents of specific neighborhoods or communities, usually neighborhoods with non-White people, either directly or by raising prices. It is often seen as a modern day version of segregation. 

The best known examples of redlining have involved denial of financial services such as banking or insurance. In the United States in the middle of the twentieth century, banks considered it risky to give mortgages to people in neighborhoods where most people were in ethnic minority groups, so they made them pay more money or refused to give them mortgages at all. As a result, ethnic minorities accumulated less wealth than White people. Redlining has also occurred in when other services such as health care (see also Race and health) or even supermarkets have been denied to residents. 

K Callan

K Callan (born Katherine Elizabeth Borman; January 9, 1936) is an American author and actress. She is best known for playing Clark Kent's mother Martha in the ABC television series "".

Leoti, Kansas

Leoti, pronounced "Lee-OH-Tah." is a city in Wichita County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Wichita County. In 2020, 1,475 people lived there.

Leoti was created in 1885. It was created by a group of men from Garden City, Kansas. In 1887, it was involved in the bloodiest county seat fight in the history of the American West. The shooting was on February 27, 1887. Men—some would say hired gunmen—from Leoti, went to the nearby, rival town of Coronado. The gunmen left several people dead and wounded.

There are disagreements about where the name "Leoti" came from: one tradition says the name is an Indian term for "prairie flower"; another says the town was named for settler Leoti Kibbee; a third says it was named for Leoti Gray, the daughter of a town creator. 

Leoti is at (38.483388, -101.357648). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Leoti has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,475 people, 589 households, and 375 families living in Leoti. Of the households, 72.2% owned their home and 27.8% rented their home.

The median age was 36.9 years. Of the people, 64.3% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 17.2% were from some other race, and 17.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 39.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,534 people, 607 households, and 419 families living in Leoti.

Leoti is served by USD 467 Wichita County Schools. The Wichita County High School mascot is Wichita County Indians.

Before school unification, Leoti High School also used the Indians mascot.



Lindsay Hoyle

Sir Lindsay Harvey Hoyle (born 10 June 1957) is a British politician. He has been the Speaker of the House of Commons since 2019. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Chorley since 1997. He was a Labour Party MP. However, he was elected as speaker so he has been independent from 2019.

As a Labour MP, Hoyle was Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker to John Bercow from 2010 to 2019, before being elected as Speaker on 4 November 2019.

Speaker of the House of Commons (United Kingdom)

The Speaker of the House of Commons directs the House. The Speaker is the chief executive of the House of Commons, the lower house and primary chamber of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. 

The current Speaker, Sir Lindsay Hoyle was elected Speaker on 4 November 2019, following the resignation of John Bercow.

Unlike many other speakers of parliaments, such as the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, the Speaker of the House of Commons is not a member of a political party; if the Speaker was a member of a political party before becoming Speaker, then he or she must leave that party first.

There is one living former Speaker:
! Position
! colspan=3|Current Holder
! Term Started
! width=100|Political Party
! Constituency
! style="background-color: " |
! style="background-color: " |
! style="background-color: " |
S. I. Hayakawa

Samuel Ichiye Hayakawa (July 18, 1906 – February 27, 1992) was a Canadian-born American academic and politician. He was of Japanese ancestry. He was a professor of English. He was the president of San Francisco State University, and then as U.S. Senator from California from 1977 to 1983.


Joe Ricketts

John Joseph Ricketts (born July 16, 1941) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the founder, former CEO and former chairman of TD Ameritrade. He had a net worth of US$2.7 billion as of 2019 according to "Forbes". Ricketts also engages in philanthropy through The Ricketts Art Foundation, Opportunity Education Foundation, The Cloisters on the Platte Foundation, and The Ricketts Conservation Foundation.

List of governors of Nebraska

The Governor of Nebraska holds the "supreme executive power" of the U.S. state of Nebraska. The current office holder is Jim Pillen, a Republican, who was sworn in on January 5, 2022.


Wadden Sea

The Wadden Sea is a part of the North Sea. It is an intertidal zone, up to wide. It runs from the Netherlands to the South of Denmark. It is up to of coastline. The land that appears at low tide is called mudflat in English (and Watt in German). It is at the origin of the latter name.

Lincoln Center, Kansas

Lincoln Center, more commonly known as Lincoln, is a city in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Lincoln County. In 2020, 1,171 people lived there.

Settler George Green created the town of Lincoln in 1870. He named it after the county. "Center" was added to its name to indicate its location in the central part of the county. County residents initially voted to place the county seat in Lincoln Center. However, elections in November 1870 led to the seat being moved to nearby Abram. This started a county seat war. Another vote in February 1872 reversed the switch, and Lincoln Center became the permanent county seat. The people moved all the buildings in Abram to Lincoln, combining the two communities. In 1879, the town was incorporated as the city of Lincoln Center. It is still officially called "Lincoln Center" in the United States Census. However, both the city government and local chamber of commerce call the city Lincoln. It shows as "Lincoln" on state maps and signs.

In 1906, the city's first power plant opened, providing electric power. By 1950, the state highway commission had completed K-14 and K-18 through Lincoln.

In 1989, because Lincoln had been using post rock limestone in local buildings for so long, the Kansas Legislature named Lincoln County as "The Post Rock Capital of Kansas".

Lincoln Center is at (39.041744, -98.146760). It has an elevation of . The city is on the north side of the Saline River. It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Yauger Creek, a tributary of the Saline River, goes south along the eastern edge of the city. It goes until its confluence with the Saline just south of the city. The confluence of the Saline and Lost Creek, another of the river's tributaries, is southwest of the city. It is at the intersection of Kansas Highway 14 (K-14) and Kansas Highway 18 (K-18) in north-central Kansas. Lincoln Center is northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Lincoln Center has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature is 55.1 °F (12 °C), and the average precipitation per year is 27.4 inches (69 cm). Snowfall averages 19.3 inches (49 cm) per year. On average, July is the warmest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Lincoln was 117 °F (47 °C) in 1947; the coldest temperature ever was -27 °F (-33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 1,171 people, 522 households, and 296 families living in Lincoln Center. Of the households, 70.9% owned their home and 29.1% rented their home.

The median age was 45.0 years. Of the people, 89.8% were White, 0.7% were Asian, 0.5% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 3.7% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.5% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 1,297 people, 576 households, and 324 families living in Lincoln Center.

Lincoln Unified School District 298 (USD 298) controls two public schools in Lincoln Center: Lincoln Elementary School (Grades Pre-K-6) and Lincoln Junior/Senior High School (7-12).

Lincoln Municipal Airport is about a mile northwest of Lincoln Center on K-18. It is used for general aviation

A railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad goes through the west side of the city.

"The Lincoln Sentinel-Republican" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.



Lyndon, Kansas

Lyndon is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Osage County. In 2020, 1,037 people lived there.

Lyndon was created in 1869. It was created after the land in the area was taken from the Sac and Fox Nation and opened for settlement. It was named after Lyndon, Vermont.

Lyndon is at (38.610233, -95.685352). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Lyndon has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Lyndon has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Lyndon is part of the Topeka metropolitan area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,037 people, 424 households, and 291 families living in Lyndon. Of the households, 72.9% owned their home and 27.1% rented their home.

The median age was 35.1 years. Of the people, 94.4% were White, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.1% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,052 people, 422 households, and 285 families living in Lyndon.


Lyons, Kansas

Lyons is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rice County. In 2020, 3,611 people lived there.

Lyons was originally called Atlanta, and it was created in 1870. Its name changed to Lyons in 1876, in honor of Freeman J. Lyons.

In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and people from Marion County and McPherson County started the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a railroad was built from Florence to McPherson. In 1880, it was extended to Lyons. In 1881, it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was controlled by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was left in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, because of heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was left. The original branch line connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, and Ellinwood.

Lyons was incorporated as a city in 1880, the same year the railroad was built through it.

In 1890, the Western Salt Company built its first shaft to mine salt in Lyons.

In the 1970s, the federal government was interested in using a local area to bury high-level nuclear waste.

Lyons is at (38.344962, -98.202493). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen climate classification says that Lyons has a humid continental climate, "Dfa" on climate maps. 

The 2020 census says that there were 3,611 people, 1,462 households, and 946 families living in Lyons. Of the households, 67.5% owned their home and 32.5% rented their home.

The median age was 38.1 years. Of the people, 74.5% were White, 1.1% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 8.1% were from some other race, and 15.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 25.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,739 people, 1,503 households, and 952 families living in Lyons.



Mankato, Kansas

Mankato is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jewell County. In 2020, 836 people lived there.

Mankato was first called Jewell Center. It planned out in 1872. It was renamed to Mankato in 1880, it was named after Mankato, Minnesota. Mankato was incorporated as a city in 1880.

The first post office in the town was created in August 1872. It was first called "Jewell Center." The post office was renamed to Mankato in April 1880.

Mankato is at (39.787220, -98.209274). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 836 people, 404 households, and 217 families living in Mankato. Of the households, 70.3% owned their home and 29.7% rented their home.

The median age was 50.0 years. Of the people, 92.2% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.8% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 869 people, 405 households, and 242 families living in Mankato.

Mankato has USD 107 Rock Hills. The Rock Hills High School mascot is the Grizzlies.

Before school unification, Mankato was home to Mankato High School. Its mascot was the Cougars. The Mankato Cougars won the Kansas State High School boys class B basketball championship in 1943.



Marion, Kansas

Marion is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Marion County. It was named after Francis Marion, a Brigadier General of the American Revolutionary War, known as the "Swamp Fox". In 2020, 1,922 people lived there.

The city of Marion Centre was created in 1860. It became the county seat. A post office was created in Marion Centre on September 30, 1862. It was renamed to Marion on October 15, 1881. The namesake of the city is Francis Marion.

As early as 1875, city leaders of Marion had a meeting to consider a branch railroad from Florence. In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and people from Marion County and McPherson County started the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a railroad was built from Florence to McPherson. In 1880 it was extended to Lyons. In 1881 it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was used by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was left in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, because of heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was left. The original railroad connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, Ellinwood. Later, the Santa Fe depot building became the Marion Library. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Santa Fe".

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad north-south from Herington through Marion to Caldwell. It closed in 1891. It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which closed in 1980 and became the Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad. It merged 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad. It merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still call this railroad as the "Rock Island".

In 1888, Marion incorporated as a city. In 1889, the Marion Belt and Chingawasa Springs Railroad built a railroad from Marion north-east to Chingawasa Springs. A hotel was built near the place of the spa at Chingawasa Springs. A depot and restaurant were built too. Both Santa Fe and Rock Island had round trip fares from Chicago and western cities to Chingawasa Springs. The Panic of 1893 closed down the health spa and hotel, and businesses along the tracks never developed well. In 1893, the railroad stopped, and tracks were removed in 1910.

The National Old Trails Road, also called the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway, was created in 1912, and it went through Lehigh, Hillsboro, Marion and Lost Springs.

In 1937, the Marion County Lake was completed by the Civilian Conservation Corps south-east of Marion. It was to be used for recreation. There were many floods during the early history of Marion. In June and July 1951, due to heavy rains, rivers and streams flooded many cities in Kansas, including Marion. Many reservoirs and levees were built in Kansas because of the Great Flood of 1951. From 1964 to 1968, the Marion Reservoir was built north-west of Marion. Downstream from the Marion Reservoir, levees were built in the low areas of Marion and Florence.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built west of Marion, north to south through Marion County. There was a lot of controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever happens).

Marion is at (38.348952, −97.016037). It is in the Flint Hills. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Marion has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Marion has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,922 people, 860 households, and 502 families living in Marion. Of the households, 70.5% owned their home and 29.5% rented their home.

The median age was 46.3 years. Of the people, 94.2% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 0.3% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,927 people, 846 households, and 514 families living in Marion.

Marion has five listings on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).


Marion is part of Unified School District 408. The high school is a member of T.E.E.N.. It is a network of educational videos, and it is shared between five area high schools.


The Oklahoma Kansas Texas (OKT) railroad of the Union Pacific Railroad goes north-south through the city.

Marion Municipal Airport, FAA:43K, is located south-east of Marion and centered at .




Xia Peisu

Xia Peisu was a Chinese computer scientist and Teacher. She is known for her research in computer science and technology. She has been called the "Mother of Computer Science in China". Xia took the lead on the team that made the Model 107. This was the first computer designed locally in China. She and her husband Yang Liming were elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991. In 2010, she was given the first Lifetime Achievement Award from the China Computer Federation.

Xia was born on 28 July 1923 in Chongqing, Sichuan. Her grandfather, Xia Fengxun (夏风薰) had spent forty years as a teacher. Her father, Xia Hongru (夏鸿儒), ran a school in Jiangjin County, Chongqing. Her mother, Huang Xiaoyong (黄孝永), was a teacher at the Jiangjin Girls' Middle School and headmistress of Jiangjin Girls' Primary School.

Xia learned ancient Chinese prose and mathematics at a young age. At fourteen years old, she was accepted into Nanyu Secondary School (now Chongqing Nankai Secondary School). In this school she was at the top of her class. In 1939, Xia moved to the National No. Nine Middle School in Jiangjin County. She graduated high school in 1940 at the top of her class. After that she started in electrical engineering at the National Central University.

She later earned a bachelor's degree. After this she did postgraduate studies at the Telecommunications Research Institute of National Chiao Tung University (Chongqing) from 1945 to 1947. In 1947, she went to the University of Edinburgh in the United Kingdom. She earned a doctorate there in 1950.

Xia and her husband Yang Liming returned to China in 1951. She then became a researcher in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Tsinghua University.

In 1952, mathematician Hua Luogeng started work on China's first electronic computer. He recruited Xia and two other scientists to lead the project. Later the two other scientists left the project, which left Xia to be the only leader of it. Under her leadership, the project made Model 107 in 1958. This was the first electric computer designed in China.

Over the years her work resulted in other advances and discoveries.

In March 1956, Xia taught China's first course in computer theory. She also wrote "Principles of the Electronic Computer" which was the first computer science textbook in China. When the University of Science and Technology of China was founded in 1958, Xia set up its computer science department. She taught more than 700 students from 1956 to 1962.

She helped to start the "Chinese Journal of Computers" in 1978 and the "Journal of Computer Science and Technology" in 1986.

Xia advised more than 60 graduate students. Two of these won top national prizes for their theses.

She taught , who led the development of the Sugon supercomputers. She also taught , who designed the Loongson CPU.

When the first locally designed CPU in China was made in 2002, it was named Xia-50 in her honor.

In 1991, Xia and her husband were elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences. She also received first Lifetime Achievement Award from the China Computer Federation.

In 1945, Xia met Yang Liming. They married in 1950, when they were both at the University of Edinburgh. Yang later became a theoretical physicist. They had two sons, Yang Yuenian and Yang Yuemin.

Xia died on 27 August 2014, aged 91.


Meade, Kansas

Meade is a city in Meade County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Meade County. In 2020, 1,505 people lived there.

Meade was planned out and incorporated in 1885. It was named after Gen. George Meade.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Meade has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,505 people, 611 households, and 382 families living in Meade. Of the households, 69.7% owned their home and 30.3% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 86.2% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 2.7% were from some other race, and 8.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,721 people, 670 households, and 454 families living in Meade.


Mound City, Kansas

Mound City is a city in Linn County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Linn County. In 2020, 647 people lived there. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.

Mound City was created in 1855. It was named from Sugar Mound nearby, a hill covered with sugar maple trees.

During the Civil War, a military post was created at Mound City. On October 25, 1864, Mound City was attacked twice by Confederates retreating south. They were retreating after their defeat at the Battle of Westport. The military post was closed in June 1865 after the end of the war.

Mound City is at (38.142026, -94.812186). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Mound City has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system, Mound City has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 647 people, 285 households, and 183 families living in Mound City. Of the households, 77.5% owned their home and 22.5% rented their home.

The median age was 43.4 years. Of the people, 92.9% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 4.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 694 people, 297 households, and 177 families living in Mound City.

Mound City is served by Jayhawk USD 346. The district high school is Jayhawk-Linn High School.

Before school unification, the Mound City High School mascot was the Eagles.


Oakley, Kansas

Oakley is a city in Gove, Logan, and Thomas counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is also the county seat of Logan County. In 2020, 2,046 people lived there.

The area that would become Oakley was settled in the 1870s and 1880s by people on the Smoky Hill Trail. Oakley was created in 1884 by Judge Fredman and David D. Hoag. It was first named Carlyle. Its name was changed to Cleveland. The name changed again to Oakley in 1885. It was named after Hoag's mother, Elizabeth Oakley Gardner Hoag.

Oakley is at (39.128023, -100.854490). It has an elevation of 3,064 feet (934 m). It is about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the South Fork of the Saline River in the High Plains region of the Great Plains.

The city is at the intersection of Interstate 70, U.S. Route 40, and U.S. Route 83 in northwest Kansas. It is in the northeast corner of Logan County, and portions of it extend into Gove County and Thomas County. Oakley is about 211 miles (340 km) northwest of Wichita, 227 miles east-southeast of Denver, and 335 miles (539 km) west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Oakley has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oakley has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,046 people, 896 households, and 540 families living in Oakley. Of the households, 68.3% owned their home and 31.7% rented their home.

The median age was 40.1 years. Of the people, 90.0% were White, 0.5% were Asian, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.9% were from some other race, and 5.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,045 people, 920 households, and 562 families living in Oakley.

"The Oakley Graphic" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week. The first edition of the newspaper was published on November 22, 1889.


Oberlin, Kansas

Oberlin is a city in Decatur County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Decatur County. In 2020, 1,644 people lived there.

Oberlin was platted as a town in 1878. It was named after Oberlin, Ohio.

The first post office in Oberlin was created in April 1878.

On September 30, 1878, Northern Cheyenne were running from the Indian Territory to their homes in the north. The Northern Cheyenne Exodus, attacked people near Oberlin.

Oberlin was incorporated as a city in 1885.

Oberlin is at (39.82304, -100.530737). It has an elevation of 2,569 feet (783 m). It is on the northwest side of Sappa Creek, a tributary of the Republican River, in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 36 and U.S. Route 83 in northwest Kansas. Oberlin is northwest of Wichita, east of Denver, and west-northwest of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Oberlin has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"). It has hot, dry summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature in Oberlin is 52 °F (11 °C). Temperatures hotter than 90 °F (32 °C) happen on average 62 days per year and dropping below 32 °F (0 °C) an average of 158 days a year. Oberlin gets precipitation 66 days a year and snowfall happens 11 days a year. Precipitation averages 23 inches (574 mm) per year, and snowfall averages 32 inches (80 cm) per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Oberlin was 111 °F (44 °C) in 1954; the coldest temperature ever was -31 °F (-35 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,644 people, 771 households, and 428 families living in Oberlin. Of the households, 72.6% owned their home and 27.4% rented their home.

The median age was 49.1 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 0.4% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,788 people, 824 households, and 477 families living in Oberlin.

Oberlin USD 294 has two public schools in the city: Oberlin Elementary School (Grades Pre-K-6) and Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School (7-12).

"The Oberlin Herald" is Oberlin's only newspaper. It is published once per week.

Oberlin is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. NBC affiliate KSNK is licensed to McCook, Nebraska. It broadcasts on channel 8 from studios west of Oberlin. KSNK is a satellite station of KSNW in Wichita.



List of governors of Delaware

The Governor of Delaware (President of Delaware from 1776 to 1792) is the head of the executive branch of Delaware's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Democrat John Carney, who took office on January 17, 2017.


Mike Castle

Michael Newbold Castle (born July 2, 1939) is an American attorney and politician. He was the Governor of Delaware (1985–92) and the U.S. Representative for (1993–2011). He is a member of the Republican Party.

He unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate for the 2010 special election.


Osborne, Kansas

Osborne is a city in Osborne County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Osborne County. In 2020, 1,335 people lived there.

People from southeastern Pennsylvania created Osborne City in May 1871. They named the settlement after Vincent B. Osborne, a Union Army veteran of the American Civil War. Osborne County also is named after him. Osborne City became the permanent county seat in November 1872. In May 1873, a district judge officially said it was a city, but the townspeople did not create a government. Five years later, a second attempt was successful, and the settlement incorporated as a city in 1878. "City" was dropped from its name by the mid-1890s.

A bridge was built at Osborne over the Solomon River in 1878.

Osborne is at (39.440452, -98.699469). It has an elevation of . It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 281 and U.S. Route 24 in north-central Kansas. It is about northwest of Wichita, west-northwest of Kansas City, and east of Denver.

Osborne is on the north side of the South Fork Solomon River in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. The Osborne Canal, which is part of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation's Webster Unit Project, goes east along the northern edge of the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On average in Osborne, July is the warmest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Osborne was 116 °F (47 °C) in 1940; the coldest temperature ever was -31 °F (-35 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,335 people, 602 households, and 349 families living in Osborne. Of the households, 74.9% owned their home and 25.1% rented their home.

The median age was 48.6 years. Of the people, 94.5% were White, 0.6% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.7% were from some other race, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,431 people, 633 households, and 390 families living in Osborne.

Osborne is a city of the second class. It has a mayor-council form of government.

Osborne Municipal Airport is southeast of the city. It is used mostly for general aviation.

Osborne is the western endpoint of a line of the Kyle Railroad. The city is also the northwestern endpoint of a railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad.

The "Osborne County Farmer" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.

Osborne is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.



List of governors of Georgia

The governor of Georgia is the head of the executive branch of Georgia's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Brian Kemp, who took office on January 14, 2019.

Roy Barnes

Roy Eugene Barnes (born March 11, 1948) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 80th Governor of Georgia from 1999 to 2003. 


Mableton, Georgia

Mableton is a census-designated place in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 census, Mableton had a population of 37,115. 

Governor of Maine

The Governor of Maine is the chief executive of the State of Maine. 

The current Governor of Maine is Janet Mills, a Democrat, who took office January 2, 2019. 

The governor of Maine receives a salary of $70,000, which is the lowest by $20,000 of the 50 state governors.

List of governors of Maine

The Governor of Maine is the head of the executive branch of Maine's state government and the commander-in-chief of its military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws,

The current governor is Democrat Janet Mills, who took office on January 2, 2019.


John Baldacci

John Elias Baldacci (born January 30, 1955) is an American politician. He was the 73rd Governor of Maine from 2003 to 2011. He was a Democrat, he also was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003.

Oskaloosa, Kansas

Oskaloosa is a city in Jefferson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jefferson County. In 2020, 1,110 people lived there.

Oskaloosa was created in 1856. It was named after the city of Oskaloosa, Iowa. The first post office in Oskaloosa was created in November 1856.

In 1888, Oskaloosa people elected Mary D. Lowman mayor with a city council composed entirely of women. This makes the city the first in Kansas to elect a city administration that has only women.

Oskaloosa is at (39.215988, -95.314713). It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 59 and K-92, about 15 miles north of Lawrence. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Oskaloosa has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oskaloosa has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Oskaloosa is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census there were 1,110 people, 411 households, and 255 families living in Oskaloosa. Of the households, 68.9% owned their home and 31.1% rented their home.

The median age was 38.7 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 6.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census there were 1,113 people, 435 households, and 281 families living in Oskaloosa.



List of governors of Mississippi

The governor of Mississippi is the head of the executive branch of Mississippi's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.



Ronnie Musgrove

David Ronald "Ronnie" Musgrove (born July 29, 1956) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 29th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi from January 16, 1996 to January 11, 2000 and as the 62nd Governor of Mississippi from January 11, 2000 to January 13, 2004.

He was defeated by incumbent Senator Roger Wicker in a 2008 special election for one of Mississippi's seats in the U.S. Senate.

In 2014, he became founding partner of a new law firm in Jackson, Mississippi, Musgrove/Smith Law.

Tocowa, Mississippi

Tocowa is a Ghost town located just outside Batesville in Panola County, Mississippi, United States.

Kirk Fordice

Daniel Kirkwood "Kirk" Fordice Jr. (February 10, 1934 – September 7, 2004), was an American politician and businessman. He was the 61st Governor of Mississippi from 1992 to 2000. He was the first Republican governor of the state since Reconstruction-era and the first governor elected to two consecutive four-year terms. Fordice was a staunch conservative.

Oswego, Kansas

Oswego is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States, and situated along the Neosho River. It is also the county seat of Labette County. In 2020, 1,668 people lived there.

The first newspaper was the "Oswego Register". It was created in 1868 by E.R. Trask. The first church was the Congregational, which was created in May 1868. The Presbyterian church was created in July 1868. The first school was created in 1867. The public library association was created in 1877. It still exists as Oswego Public Library, which is a Carnegie Library. The telephone system was put in operation in 1882; the waterworks in 1887; and the first electric lights were turned on on July 12, 1888. The lights were turned off a few months later.

In 2011, the City Council voted to annex the Oswego Municipal Airport into the city limits. This made Oswego be in neighboring Cherokee County.

Oswego isat (37.167728, -95.109453). The city is about north of the Oklahoma state line and west of the Missouri line. It is along the southern bluffs, overlooking the Neosho River valley. It is at the junction of U.S. Route 59 and U.S. Route 160. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Oswego has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oswego has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,668 people, 678 households, and 427 families living in Oswego. Of the households, 68.4% owned their home and 31.6% rented their home.

The median age was 42.3 years. Of the people, 86.4% were White, 2.6% were Native American, 1.6% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.1% were Asian, 1.1% were from some other race, and 7.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,829 people, 763 households, and 476 families living in Oswego.

The Oswego-Service Valley Unified School District 504 serves Oswego.

Oswego is served by the Oswego Public Library (OPL), which is a Carnegie Library. OPL has a big collection of books, DVDs, periodicals, audio books, and videos. Internet access is also available through the use of computers or the Library's free Wi-Fi.

"Labette Avenue" is a weekly newspaper that covers mostly local stories and events. "Labette Avenue" is based in Oswego and serves the rural areas of Labette County, Kansas.

The "Parsons Sun", a newspaper published every day in Parsons, also covers Oswego. The nearest major newspaper is the Joplin Globe.

Oswego is in the Joplin, Missouri/Pittsburg, Kansas broadcast market area. It gets most its television and radio signals from those two cities. KGGF 690 AM Coffeyville covers SE Kansas and Broadcasts from its tower site in Mound Valley.



List of governors of Nevada

The Governor of Nevada is the chief magistrate of the U.S. state of Nevada, the head of the executive department of Nevada's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Joe Lombardo, who took office on January 2, 2023.

"Prior to becoming a territory, parts of Nevada were part of Utah Territory and New Mexico Territory; see List of governors of Utah and List of governors of New Mexico."

List of governors of Utah

The Governor of Utah is the head of the executive branch of Utah's state government and the commander-in-chief of its military forces.

List of governors of New Mexico

The following is a list of the governors of the state of New Mexico (Spanish: Gobernadores de Nuevo México) and New Mexico Territory.

David Cargo

David Francis Cargo (January 13, 1929 – July 5, 2013) was the 22nd governor of New Mexico, between 1967 and 1971.

Bruce King

Bruce King (April 6, 1924 – November 13, 2009) was an American businessman and politician. He was a three non-consecutive four-year terms as the Governor of New Mexico. King was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the longest-serving governor in New Mexico history, with 12 years of service.

He died on November 13, 2009 in Stanley, New Mexico of heart failure at the age of 85.

Governor of North Dakota

The Governor of North Dakota is the head of the executive branch of government of North Dakota and serves as the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

There is no limit to the number of terms a governor may serve, if elected.


List of governors of North Dakota

The Governor of North Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of North Dakota. The current Governor is Doug Burgum.


Allen I. Olson

Allen Ingvar Olson (born November 5, 1938) is an American Republican politician and attorney. He was the 28th Governor of North Dakota from 1981 to 1985.

Governor of Oregon

The Governor of Oregon is the head of the executive branch of Oregon's state government and serves as the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The title of governor was also applied to the office of Oregon's chief executive during the provisional and U.S. territorial governments.

The current governor of Oregon is Tina Kotek.


List of governors of Oregon

This article lists the individuals who have served as Governor of Oregon between 1841 and 1843 to the present day.

Governor of South Dakota

The governor of South Dakota is the head of the executive branch of the government of the U.S. state of South Dakota. The governor is elected to a four-year term in even years when there is no presidential election.

The current governor is Kristi Noem, a member of the Republican Party who took office on January 5, 2019.

List of governors of South Dakota

The Governor of South Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of South Dakota. The current Governor is Republican Kristi Noem, serving since 2019.


Bill Janklow

William John Janklow (September 13, 1939January 12, 2012) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He holds the record for the longest tenure as Governor of South Dakota: sixteen years in office. Janklow has the second longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,851 days.

Gary Locke

Gary Faye Locke (born January 21, 1950) is an American politician. He was the 10th United States ambassador to China (2011–14). He was the 21st Governor of Washington (1997–2005) and served in the Obama administration as United States Secretary of Commerce (2009–11).

Locke is the first governor in the United States of East Asian descent, and is the only Chinese American ever to have served as a governor of any state. He was also the first Chinese American to serve as the U.S. ambassador to China.

Dixy Lee Ray

Dixy Lee Ray (September 3, 1914 – January 2, 1994) was an American scientist and politician. She was the 17th Governor of the U.S. state of Washington. She was the state's first female governor and was in office during the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. She was defeated in the Democratic primary in 1980 by Jim McDermott, who in turn lost the gubernatorial election to John Spellman.


Booth Gardner

Booth Gardner (August 21, 1936 – March 15, 2013) was an American politician. He was the 19th governor of the U.S. state of Washington between 1985 and 1993. He also was the ambassador of the GATT. He was a Democrat.

Gardner died at his home in Tacoma, Washington on March 15, 2013, of Parkinson's disease. He was 76.

List of governors of West Virginia

The Governor of West Virginia is the head of the executive branch of West Virginia's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Jim Justice, who assumed office on January 16, 2017. West Virginia's 36th governor, Justice was elected as a Democrat, but switched to the Republican Party on August 4 of that year.


Cecil H. Underwood

Cecil Harland Underwood (November 5, 1922 – November 24, 2008) was an American Republican Party politician. 

He was the 25th and 32nd Governor of West Virginia from 1957 to 1961, and from 1997 to 2001.

Underwood was both the youngest and the oldest person ever to serve as Governor of West Virginia. He was a Methodist.

Gaston Caperton

William Gaston Caperton III (born February 21, 1940) is an American politician. He was the 31st Governor of West Virginia from 1989 to 1997. He was president of the College Board, which administers the nationally recognized SAT and AP tests, from 1999 to 2012. 

He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Bob Wise

Robert Ellsworth Wise Jr. (born January 6, 1948) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democrat, Wise was the 33rd Governor of West Virginia from January 2001 to January 2005. He also was in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 until 2001.

List of mayors of Washington, D.C.

Below is a list of mayors of Washington, D.C. and associated political entities.

Since 1975, the District has been administered by a popularly elected mayor and district council.


Sharon Pratt

Sharon Pratt (born January 30, 1944), formerly Sharon Pratt Dixon and Sharon Pratt Kelly, is an American attorney and politician. She was the third Mayor of the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1995. Pratt was the first African American woman to serve as mayor of a major American city.

Mayor of the District of Columbia

The Mayor of the District of Columbia is the head of the executive branch of the government of the District of Columbia, in the United States. The mayor has the duty to enforce district laws, and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Council of the District of Columbia, in the United States. The mayor's office oversees an annual district budget of $8.8 billion.

Anthony A. Williams

Anthony Allen Williams (born July 28, 1951) is an American politician who was the fourth person to serve as Mayor of the District of Columbia, for two terms, from 1999 to 2007.

Flag of Washington, D.C.

The flag of Washington, D.C. is made up of three red stars above two red bars on a white background. It is an armorial banner based on the design of the coat of arms granted to George Washington's great-great-great-grandfather, Lawrence Washington.

List of governors of American Samoa

This is a list of governors, etc. of the part of the Samoan Islands (now comprising American Samoa) under United States administration since 1900.

There are two living former governor of American Samoa. The most recent-serving governor to die was Frank Barnett (1976–1977), on July 15, 2016.

Togiola Tulafono

Togiola Talalelei A. Tulafono (born February 28, 1947) is an American Samoan politician and lawyer. He as the 56th Governor of American Samoa. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Tulafono did not run for governor in 2012 as he was term-limited and could not seek a third consecutive term. He was an unsuccessful candidate for American Samoa's at-large congressional district in 2014.

List of governors of Guam

The Governor of Guam (Chamorro: "I Maga'låhen/Maga'håga Guåhan" ) is the chief executive of the Government of Guam and the commander-in-chief of the Guam National Guard.

The current governor is Lou Leon Guerrero, a Democrat who was inaugurated on January 7, 2019 following her election in 2018.

List of governors of the Northern Mariana Islands

The following is a list of persons who served as Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. The term of office is 4 years. The longest-serving governor in CNMI history is Pedro Tenorio, who served 12 years in office from 1982 to 1990 and again from 1998 to 2002.


List of governors of the United States Virgin Islands

The Governor of the United States Virgin Islands is the chief executive of the Government of the Virgin Islands whose responsibilities also include making the annual State of the Territory addresses to the Virgin Islands Legislature.


, four former governors were alive. The most recent governor to die was John David Merwin (1958–1961), on March 17, 2013.

Roy L. Schneider

Roy Lester Schneider (born May 13, 1939) is a physician in the United States Virgin Islands who was the fifth elected governor of that territory from January 5, 1995 to January 4, 1999. He was the fifth elected governor of that territory and the 26th overall.

List of prime ministers of Czechoslovakia

The Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia (, ) was the head of government of Czechoslovakia, from the creation of the First Czechoslovak Republic in 1918 until the dissolution of the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1992.

Rajni KC

Rajni KC is the pratinidhi sabha candidate from Kaski-2. After the helicopter crash of Rabindra Prasad Adhikari this seat was vacant. KC has been worked with congress since last 8 years. But she joined Sajha Party and be central committee member. She was vice chancellor at Pokhara University.

Jan Stráský

Jan Stráský (24 December 1940 – 6 November 2019) was a Czech politician. He was the last Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia serving in 1992.

He died on November 6, 2019 in the Czech capital at age 78.

2021 Canadian federal election

The 2021 Canadian federal election took place on September 20, 2021 to elect members of the House of Commons to the 44th Parliament of Canada.

The latest date of the vote was scheduled for October 16, 2023, which is determined by the fixed-date provisions of the Canada Elections Act, which requires federal elections to be held on the third Monday in October in the fourth calendar year after the polling day of the previous election.

However, on August 15, 2021, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau requested a dissolution of parliament from Governor General Mary Simon. On September 20, Trudeau and the Liberal Party was projected to have won 155 seats, allowing them to form a minority government.

Aside from conducting the usual opinion surveys on general party preferences, polling firms also survey public opinion on who would make the best Prime Minister:

2022 Australian federal election

The 2022 Australian federal election was held on 21 May 2022 to elect members of the 47th Parliament of Australia. All 151 seats in the lower house, the House of Representatives, and half the seats in the upper house, the Senate, were up for election.

The incumbent Coalition Government, led by Scott Morrison lost seats to the opposition Labor Party, led by Anthony Albanese. Morrision resigned as National Party leader with Albanese expected to become the next Prime Minister of Australia.

Rebekha Sharkie

Rebekha Carina Che Sharkie (born 24 August 1972) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the Division of Mayo in South Australia. 

At the 2016 federal election she defeated Liberal Jamie Briggs, and was the first Nick Xenophon Team member to be elected to the Australian House of Representatives. 

On 11 May 2018, Sharkie resigned from the House of Representatives as a part of the 2017–18 Australian parliamentary eligibility crisis. She contested the 2018 Mayo by-election on 28 July, and was returned to parliament.

Coalition (Australia)

The Liberal–National Coalition is an alliance of centre-right political parties that forms one of the two major groupings in Australian federal politics. Its main opponent is the Australian Labor Party (ALP). 

The Coalition was in government from the 2013 federal election until their defeat in the 2022 federal election. During that time, the group was led by Prime Ministers Tony Abbott, Malcolm Turnbull, and Scott Morrison.

Katter's Australian Party

Katter's Australian Party (KAP) is a political party in Australia. It was formed by the independent and former Nationals Member of Parliament for Kennedy Bob Katter, with a registration application lodged to the Australian Electoral Commission in 2011. 

Katter has been the party's federal parliamentary leader since that time, while his son Robbie is the leader in Queensland.

In February 2020, Bob Katter handed the leadership of the party to his son Robbie Katter, a Queensland state MP.

Centre Alliance

Centre Alliance, formerly known as the Nick Xenophon Team (NXT), is a centrist Australian political party based in the state of South Australia. It presently holds two seats in the Australian Senate and one seat in the House of Representatives of Australia.

Pauline Hanson's One Nation

Pauline Hanson's One Nation (PHON or ONP), also known as One Nation or One Nation Party, is a political party in Australia. One Nation was founded in 1997, by member of parliament Pauline Hanson and her advisors David Ettridge and David Oldfield.

The party's founding came before the 1996 federal election because of comments she made about Indigenous Australians. Hanson sat as an independent for one year before forming Pauline Hanson's One Nation.

Pauline Hanson

Pauline Lee Hanson ("née" Seccombe, formerly Zagorski; born 27 May 1954) is an Australian politician. She is the founder and leader of One Nation, a right-wing political party. She has been a Senator for Queensland since 2016.

Fayette County, Kentucky

Fayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 322,570, making it the second-most populous county in the state. The city of Lexington is the county seat.

Bukit Batok MRT station

Bukit Batok MRT Station (NS2) is an MRT station located along the North South MRT Line in Singapore. It was located within Bukit Batok Town Centre and is connected to Bukit Batok bus interchange.

The station opened on 10 March 1990 as part of the Branch Line. The code of station was B1. When the Woodlands Extension opened in 1996, the code was changed to N23, and later to NS2 in 2001.

Bukit Gombak MRT station

Bukit Gombak MRT station (NS3) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Bukit Batok, Singapore.

This station was a temporary terminus from 18 to 19 September 2010 during the Jurong East Modification Project upgrade and during the late openings of the MRT on Sundays from June to November 2016.


Brickland MRT station

Brickland MRT station (NS3A) is a future Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South line in Choa Chu Kang, Singapore.

The station was first announced on 25 May 2019 as part of the Land Transport Authority's (LTA) Land Transport Master Plan 2040.


Sungei Kadut MRT station

Sungei Kadut MRT station (NS6/DT) is a future Mass Rapid Transit interchange station on the North South MRT line and Downtown MRT line, in Sungei Kadut, Singapore.

This station was first proposed in 1990 as part of the North South Line Woodlands Extension. However, it was not built as there was not enough demand.

As announced on 25 May 2019, this station is a part of the Land Transport Master Plan (LTMP) 2040 by the Land Transport Authority (LTA).


Maria Fire

The Maria Fire was a wildfire that burned in the area of Somis, California, on the top of South Mountain, in Ventura County.

Tick Fire

The Tick Fire was a wildfire. It burned in Los Angeles County, California from October 24, 2019 to October 31, 2019. It burned several thousand acres. 

There was a mass evacuation of about 40,000 people from the Santa Clarita valley.

Yew Tee MRT station

Yew Tee MRT station (NS5) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Choa Chu Kang, Singapore.

The station was built in 1995, along with the five other stations of the North South Line Woodlands Extension. The two-storey station building, with a simple design and a kampung-style roof, was officially opened on 10 February 1996. The construction of the station affected 16 factories as land between the Yew Tee and Kranji MRT stations was bought by the government. The station was called Choa Chu Kang North. It was renamed Yew Tee in 1994.


AutoIt

AutoIt is a freeware programming language for Microsoft Windows. In versions 1 and 2, it was used to create automation scripts for Microsoft Windows programs. These are sometimes called macros. In version 3, the programming language was extended to allow it to do more things.

The scripting language in AutoIt 1 and 2 was statement-driven. It was designed to simulate a user's input to the computer. From version 3 onward, the AutoIt syntax changed. It is now similar to the BASIC programming language. AutoIt version 3 is a general-purpose programming language. It can have types of data, such as arrays.

An AutoIt script can be converted into a stand-alone executable. This can be run on computers that do not have the AutoIt interpreter installed. A wide range of function libraries are available. They are known as UDFs, or "User Defined Functions". Some are included as standard. Others are available from the website. They add extra abilities to the language. AutoIt has a special editor, an Integrated development environment or IDE. It is based on the free SciTE editor. The compiler and help text are included in this special editor and provide a standard environment for developers.


AutoIt is often used to produce utility software for Microsoft Windows. These programs can automate routine tasks. Example use includes: systems management, monitoring, maintenance, and software installation. It is also used to simulate user interaction. In this use an application is "driven" to do things by an AutoIt script which behaves like a human user. An AutoIT script can issue keypresses, mouse clicks, type text and so on. In this way it simulates a human user of an application.

AutoIt has been used in low-cost laboratory automation. Applications include instrument synchronisation, alarm monitoring and results gathering. Devices such as 3D-printers can also be controlled.


MsgBox($MB_SYSTEMMODAL, "Title", "Hello, world!")


MsgBox($MB_OK, "Attention", "Avoid touching the keyboard or mouse during automation.", 6)

Run("calc.exe")

WinWaitActive("[CLASS:CalcFrame]", "", 10)

If WinExists("[CLASS:CalcFrame]") = 0 Then Exit

Send(@YEAR)

Sleep(600)

Send("/4")
Sleep(600)

Send("{ENTER}")
Sleep(600)

Send("^c")

Local $fResult = ClipGet()

If StringInStr($fResult, ".") Then
Else
EndIf

WinClose("[CLASS:CalcFrame]")


_Example() ; Run the example.

Func _Example()

EndFunc ;==>_Example

Func _Find_Average($aArray)

EndFunc ;==>_Find_Average

The developers of AutoIt originally released the source code under the GNU General Public License (GPL). 

In 2006, the license was changed for version 3.2.0 and later versions to their own closed source license.

Some of the code from version 3.1 was used to create a fork by the AutoHotkey project. This was allowed under the GPL licence terms. The AutoHotkey community is continuing to develop and release the code under the GPL.


Duane Vermeulen

Duane Vermeulen is a Rugby Union player. He is won the Currie Cup twice. He plays for the South African national team.

Gabriel Jackson

Gabriel Jackson (March 10, 1921 – November 3, 2019) was an American Hispanist, historian and journalist. He was born in Mount Vernon, New York. He was a Professor Emeritus at University of California, San Diego. Jackson was a regular collaborator of the Spanish daily "El País" for many years.

In 1966 he was awarded the American Historical Association's Herbert Baxter Adams Prize.

Jackson died on November 3, 2019 at his home in Eugene, Oregon at the age of 98.

Margarita Salas

Margarita Salas Falgueras, 1st Marchioness of Canero (30 November 1938 – 7 November 2019) was a Spanish scientist. She worked in the fields of Biochemistry, and Molecular genetics. Salas was born in Valdés, Asturias, Spain. In 1998, she won the Premio México de Ciencia y Tecnología. 

Salas was a member of Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences, European Academy of Sciences and Arts, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, American Academy of Microbiology, United States National Academy of Sciences, and the Severo Ochoa Foundation.

Salas was elected to Seat "i" of the Real Academia Española on 20 December 2001, she left her seat on 4 June 2003.

Salas died on 7 November 2019 in Madrid at the age of 80.

Nabaneeta Dev Sen

Nabaneeta Dev Sen (13 January 1938 – 7 November 2019) was an Indian poet, novelist and academic. 

Sen published more than 80 books in Bengali: poetry, novels, short stories, plays, literary criticism, personal essays, travelogues, humour writing, translations and children's literature. Her first collection of poems "Pratham Pratyay" was published in 1959.

She was married to economist Amartya Sen from 1958 until their divorce in 1976.

Sen died at her home in Kolkata of lung cancer on 7 November 2019 at the age of 81.


Liliana Segre

Liliana Segre (; born 10 September 1930) is an Italian politician. She was a Senator for Life named by President Sergio Mattarella on 19 January 2018.

Segre was born in Milan to a Jewish family. In 1943 she was arrested and deported to Auschwitz. After 1990 she started to speak to the public, especially young people, about her experience.

Luciano Gasperini

Luciano Gasperini (born 15 June 1935) is an Italian venetist politician. He was a senator for Liga Veneta–Lega Nord from Veneto from 1996 to 2001. He was chairman of the party's group from 1999 to 2000 and in 1999 he was the party's candidate for the post of President of the Italian Republic. 

In 1999 and 2004 he was candidate for Mayor of Padua. From 2002 to 2005 he was federal president of the party. He worked in the Silvio Berlusconi's governments from 2004 through 2006.

Umberto Bossi

Umberto Bossi (born 19 September 1941) is an Italian politician. He is the former leader of the Northern League. He was a critic of the European Union. 

Bossi was an unsuccessful candidate for president in 2006, loosing to Giorgio Napolitano.

He was found guilty of embezzlement of hundreds of thousands of euros in public funds. Bossi was sentenced to two years and six months' imprisonment in July 2017.

Jürgen Mossack

Jürgen Rolf Dieter Mossack (born 20 March 1948) is a German-born Panamanian lawyer. He is the co-founder of Mossack Fonseca (along with Ramón Fonseca Mora), a former law firm headquartered in Panama City.

The Moccasck and his firm became globally known in 2016 when it found itself at the centre of the so-called Panama Papers affair, It uncovered the activities of the offshore finance industry. Mossack Fonseca set up more than 214,000 shell companies around the world, some of which were found to have been used for illegal purposes, including fraud and tax evasion.

In 2017, he was arrested and jailed in February 2017.

In March 2018, the firm announced it was shutting down.

Gary Oldman played him in a Netflix movie about the Panama Papers titled "The Laundromat" (2019).

Ramón Fonseca Mora

Ramón Fonseca Mora (born 14 July 1952) is a Panamanian novelist and lawyer. He was the co-founder of Mossack Fonseca, a former law firm based in Panama with more than 40 offices worldwide.

He was minister-counselor of Juan Carlos Varela, and president of the Panameñista Party until he was fired in March 2016, due to the Brazilian Operation Car Wash.

In 2016, the law firm he owned was raided by police on due to money-laundering, bribery and corruption. Fonseca and his partner Jürgen Mossack were arrested and jailed in February 2017.

The Moccasck and his firm became globally known in 2016 when it found itself at the centre of the so-called Panama Papers affair, It uncovered the activities of the offshore finance industry. Mossack Fonseca set up more than 214,000 shell companies around the world, some of which were found to have been used for illegal purposes, including fraud and tax evasion.

Antonio Banderas played him in a Netflix movie about the Panama Papers titled "The Laundromat" (2019).

Operation Car Wash

Operation Car Wash () is an ongoing criminal investigation by the Federal Police of Brazil, Curitiba Branch. It was initially judicially headed by Judge Sérgio Moro, and in 2019 by Judge Luiz Antonio Bonat.

It was a money laundering investigation, it expanded to investigate corruption, with corruption inside itself, at Petrobras, where executives allegedly accepted bribes in return for awarding contracts to construction firms at inflated prices. The investigation is called "Operation Car Wash" because it was first uncovered at a car wash in Brasília.

At least eleven other countries, mostly in Latin America, were involved, and the Brazilian company Odebrecht was deeply implicated.

Lava Jato indicted and jailed some well-known politicians, including former presidents Fernando Collor de Mello, Michel Temer and Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, who was eventually freed. Other South American presidents were also implicated such as Peru's Ollanta Humala, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski and Alan Garcia. 

During the governments of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner and Néstor Kirchner, Odebrecht was awarded overvalued contracts worth at least US$9.6 billion.

The Laundromat (movie)

The Laundromat is a 2019 American biographical comedy-drama movie directed by Steven Soderbergh. The screenplay was written by Scott Z. Burns. It stars Meryl Streep, Gary Oldman, Antonio Banderas, Jeffrey Wright, David Schwimmer, Robert Patrick, Matthias Schoenaerts, James Cromwell, and Sharon Stone.

The movie had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 1, 2019. It was released theatrically on September 27, 2019, before being released for digital streaming on October 18, 2019, by Netflix. The movie has received mixed reviews from critics.

The two men at the center of the movie, Jürgen Mossack and Ramón Fonseca Mora sued Netflix on October 16, 2019, trying to block the movie's release. They argued that the movie defamed them, but a judge dismissed the case.

USS Somerset (LPD-25)

The USS "Somerset" is a troop transport ship serving in the United States Navy. Steel from the ruins of the 9/11 attacks was made into pure steel and then remade into the ship's hull.

St. Francis, Kansas

St. Francis is a city in Cheyenne County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Cheyenne County. In 2020, 1,263 people lived there.

St. Francis was created in 1887. The city may have been named for the wife of its founder.

St. Francis is at (39.771479, -101.801428). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

St. Francis has a semi-arid climate (Köppen "BSk"). It has cold, dry winters and hot, humid summers.
The 2020 census says that there were 1,263 people, 588 households, and 325 families living in St. Francis. Of the households, 74.7% owned their home and 25.3% rented their home.

The median age was 47.0 years. Of the people, 85.3% were White, 0.7% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 4.7% were from some other race, and 8.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,329 people, 650 households, and 357 families living in St. Francis.



St. John, Kansas

St. John is a city in Stafford County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Stafford County. In 2020, 1,228 people lived there.

The first settlement in what is today St. John was made in 1875 when William Bickerton of the Church of Jesus Christ created a religious group named Zion Valley. By 1879, Zion Valley had grown into a small town, and the residents renamed it St. John. It was named after then-governor John P. St. John, in order to try to become the county seat of Stafford County.

In 2015, the official government listing of places has been corrected to spell the town as "St. John" instead of "Saint John." The name was incorrectly changed by the United States Postal Service in the 1970s.

St. John is at (38.000024, -98.761071). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,228 people, 491 households, and 309 families living in St. John. Of the households, 79.6% owned their home and 20.4% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 82.1% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 5.9% were from some other race, and 10.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,295 people, 534 households, and 336 families living in St. John.


Scott City, Kansas

Scott City is a city in Scott County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Scott County. In 2020, 4,113 people lived there.

Scott City was created in 1885. Like Scott County, the city is named after United States General, Winfield Scott. In October 1884, two women from Chicago claimed the land that Scott City is on. They built a cabin. In February 1885, two men from Chicago came to the cabin and settled. Soon after, many people started coming to the county. Scott City was then created in 1885. Before being created, Mrs. M.E. De Geer, one of the women that came from Chicago, started a newspaper called the "Western Times" in March 1885. The county then started to fill quickly.

The Kansas Legislature created Scott County in 1873. At this time it was named in honor of General Winfield Scott. Since it was such a small town with so few people, there was no need for a local government. Therefore, it was connected to Ford County for judicial things.

Scott City is at (38.4825192, −100.9070949). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. It is located in the Great Plains and at the elevation of 2969 ft.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Scott City has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps. The average temperature is 52.4 °F (11.34 °C) and has an average rain fall of 20.16 inches per year. The average snow fall for a year is 23 in. (.58 m).

The 2020 census says that there were 4,113 people, 1,629 households, and 1,075 families living in Scott City. Of the households, 68.4% owned their home and 31.6% rented their home.

The median age was 38.0 years. Of the people, 78.6% were White, 0.9% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 7.5% were from some other race, and 12.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 22.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,816 people, 1,583 households, and 1,029 families living in Scott City.

The USD 466 Scott County mascot is the beaver. A giant welded beaver is on display at the football field.

K-96 and US-83 highways go through the Scott City.

The Scott City Airport is a publicly owned airport. It is in the south east part of Scott City.

"The Scott County Record" is the local newspaper. This weekly publication has been in business since 1993. In 2016, editor Rod Haxton was honored by the Kansas Press Association with the Clyde M. Reed Master Editor Award.




Sedan, Kansas

Sedan is the biggest city in Chautauqua County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Chautaqua County. In 2020, 1,000 people lived there.

Sedan was created in 1871. The city was named after the 1870 Battle of Sedan. Sedan was incorporated as a city in 1876.

Sedan is at (37.128456, -96.184825). It is a close middle-point between New York City and Los Angeles. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Sedan has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Sedan has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,000 people, 422 households, and 222 families living in Sedan. Of the households, 65.6% owned their home and 34.4% rented their home.

The median age was 45.5 years. Of the people, 83.6% were White, 4.6% were Native American, 0.9% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 6.0% were from some other race, and 4.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,124 people, 482 households, and 269 families living in Sedan.

Sedan is a part of USD 286 Chautauqua County. Chautauqua County schools were merged in Sedan through school unification.

Before school unification, the Sedan Blue Devils won the Kansas State High School class B baseball championship in 1973 and 2011.



Willy Russell

William Russell (born 23 August 1947) is an English dramatist, lyricist and composer. His best known works are "Educating Rita", "Shirley Valentine", "Blood Brothers" and "Our Day Out".

Russell was born in Whiston in Lancashire. On leaving school, aged 15, he became a ladies' hairdresser. He ran his own salon until the age of 20. He then decided to go back to college. He qualified as a teacher. Russell also worked as a semi-professional singer. He wrote and performed his own folk songs.

He began writing drama while at college. In 1972, he took a programme of three one-act plays to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. They were seen by writer John McGrath. McGrath recommended Russell to the Liverpool Everyman. They commissioned the adaptation, "When The Reds…". This was Russell's first professional work for theatre.

The first play Russell wrote was "Keep Your Eyes Down" (1971). He wrote it while he attended Saint Katharine's College of Higher Education in Liverpool. It was performed at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1971.

In 1974, Russell wrote "John, Paul, George, Ringo ... and Bert". This was a musical about The Beatles. It was commissioned by the Everyman Theatre, Liverpool. It ran there for eight weeks before transferring to the Lyric Theatre, West End. There it ran for over a year. It won the Evening Standard and London Theatre Critics awards for the best musical of 1974.

He wrote further stage works, "One for the Road" (1976) and "Stags and Hens" (1978). Russell was a screenwriter on television films, "Death of A Young Young Man" (1975, BBC1), "Daughters of Albion" (1979), "Our Day Out" (1977) and "One Summer" (1983, 1985).

The Royal Shakespeare Company commisioned the play "Educating Rita". In 1980, it premiered at the Warehouse, London. In August 1980 it transferred to the West End Piccadilly Theatre, London. It starred Julie Walters and Mark Kingston. The play ran to "at least" June 1982. The play has been translated and produced in almost every part the globe. It has received awards.In 1986, the play returned to the Liverpool Everyman.

In 1986, Russell wrote "Shirley Valentine". This went on to an acclaimed West End run. It received an Olivier Award, "Comedy of the Year". Its star Pauline Collins received the "Actress of the Year in a New Play award. In February 1989, the play transferred to New York. It had a highly successful Broadway run to November 1989. Collins received a Tony Award for Best Actress.

Both "Shirley Valentine" (1989) and "Educating Rita" (1983) became feature films. Michael Caine, Julie Walters and Pauline Collins all receiving Oscar nominations for their respective roles. Russell received an Oscar nomination for his "Educating Rita" screenplay.

Russell has had success with his play "Blood Brothers". This is 'a Liverpudlian folk opera' about a pair of twins. The twins are separated at birth and brought up in different environments. In 1983, "Blood Brothers" won the Olivier Award for Best New Musical. It has had over 10,000 consecutive performances during its 24-year West End run, which ended in November 2012. At the same time, there were UK touring and international productions. In 1993, the play had a two-year run on Broadway. The Broadway production was nominated for the 1993 Tony Award for Best Musical.

Russell with musical collaborator Bob Eaton wanted to develop "Our Day Out". After extensive rewriting and recomposing, they created "Our Day Out – The Musical". It retains all the characters and plot of the original. The action is brought forward to today. It has a new score and lyrics to reflect the twenty first century setting. The musical was produced in 2010 at the Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool.

In 2000, Russell's first novel, "The Wrong Boy", was published. The book was well received. It had wide readership in the UK. Translations were published in many countries. In 2004, Russell returned to his singer/songwriter roots. He released his album, "Hoovering the Moon", on Pure Records. Russell also co-produced the Tim Firth album "Harmless Flirting".

In 2013, the Archive and Special Collections department of Liverpool John Moores University established the Willy Russell Archive. It contains manuscripts, programmes, publicity and media material including newspaper cuttings and press releases, correspondence, legal, financial and administrative documents, records relating to the casting and audition process, audio and film material, and promotional ephemera. The material was produced throughout the course of Russell's career. It is a comprehensive representation of his work to date. It also illustrates Willy Russell's collaborative works, both written and musical.

In 1969, Russell married Annie Seagroatt. The couple have one son, Rob, and two daughters, Rachel and Ruth.




Seneca, Kansas

Seneca is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Nemaha County. In 2020, 2,139 people lived there.

Seneca was created in 1857. It was named after Seneca County, Ohio.

The first post office in Seneca was created in November 1858.

Seneca grew along the wagon route from St. Joseph, Missouri to Oregon and California. British explorer Richard Francis Burton was going to California in 1860. He went through town and noted: "... Seneca, a city consisting of a few shanties ..."

Seneca was a station on the Pony Express of the early 1860s. The station was in the Smith Hotel, at the present-day place of Fourth and Main Streets.

Seneca was incorporated as a city in 1870.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,139 people, 929 households, and 550 families living in Seneca. Of the households, 73.1% owned their home and 26.9% rented their home.

The median age was 46.0 years. Of the people, 93.5% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 2.2% were from some other race, and 3.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,991 people, 908 households, and 509 families living in Seneca.



William Russell (disambiguation)

William, Willy or Bill Russell (or other variants) may refer to:















Sharon Springs, Kansas

Sharon Springs is a city in Wallace County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat Wallace County. In 2020, 751 people lived there.

Sharon Springs was first called Eagle Tail station when it was created in 1868. It was renamed Sharon Springs in 1886, after Sharon Springs, New York. Sharon Springs was incorporated as a city in 1890.

In 2013, the biggest sinkhole in Kansas opened north of Sharon Springs. As of December 2013, the sinkhole was about deep and across.

Sharon Springs is at (38.894334, -101.751163). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Sharon Springs has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 751 people, 320 households, and 182 families living in Sharon Springs. Of the households, 75.0% owned their home and 25.0% rented their home.

The median age was 47.4 years. Of the people, 88.4% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 4.4% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 748 people, 327 households, and 197 families living in Sharon Springs.

Sharon Springs is on U.S. Route 40.


Smith Center, Kansas

Smith Center is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Smith County. In 2020, 1,571 people lived there.

Smith Center was created in 1871. The first post office in Smith Center was created in January 1873. Like Smith County, Smith Center was named after Maj. J. Nelson Smith of the 2nd Colorado Cavalry. He was a pre-war native of Elwood, Kansas, who died leading his regiment on October 21, 1864 at the Battle of the Little Blue River. 

Smith Center is at (39.778550, -98.785141). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Smith Center is at the junction of U.S. Routes 281 and 36, about 100 miles south of Grand Island, Nebraska and 77 miles north of Russell and Interstate 70.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,571 people, 727 households, and 398 families living in Smith Center. Of the households, 76.1% owned their home and 23.9% rented their home.

The median age was 49.4 years. Of the people, 94.3% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.3% were from some other race, and 3.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,665 people, 779 households, and 470 families living in Smith Center.

Smith Center is part of Unified School District 237. 



Sublette, Kansas

Sublette is a city in Haskell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Haskell County. In 2020, 1,413 people lived there.

Sublette was created in 1912. It was named after William Lewis Sublette, a French Huguenot who was a partner in the Rocky Mountain Fur Company. Sublette was a mountain man, fur trapper and pioneer who blazed a trail through the area and was known by the local natives as "Cut Face".

The first post office in Sublette was created in January 1913.

Sublette is at (37.482226, -100.846492). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Sublette has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

 
The 2020 census says that there were 1,413 people, 520 households, and 376 families living in Sublette. Of the households, 76.9% owned their home and 23.1% rented their home.

The median age was 34.3 years. Of the people, 73.6% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 13.9% were from some other race, and 11.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 30.4% of the people.
The 2010 census says that there were 1,453 people, 556 households, and 409 families living in Sublette.

The "Haskell County Monitor-Chief" is the local newspaper.

Sublette is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. KDGL-LD is licensed to Sublette Kansas and is the flagship station of High Plains Broadcasting, LLC. KDGL broadcasts on RF channel 23 carrying 6 video streams. Current Networks are Retro TV, Tuff TV, AMG TV, Launch TV, TheWalk TV, and PBJ TV. KDGL uses TV23 as branding for all 5 licenses including Dodge City, Garden City, Liberal, and Ulysses. Sublette was chosen for its central location in the Southwest Kansas Market and to streamline future news gathering for NewsWest23 newscasts.



Syracuse, Kansas

Syracuse is a city in Hamilton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Hamilton County. In 2020, 1,826 people lived there.

Syracuse was first called Holidaysburg. It was created in 1873. It was renamed Syracuse before 1878. It was named after the city of Syracuse, New York.

Syracuse is at (37.982938, -101.751224). It is along U.S. Route 50 and the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. It is sixteen miles (twenty-six kilometers) away from the Colorado border. The Arkansas River goes south of the City of Syracuse. The countryside south of the Arkansas River has sandhills. The "Syracuse Sand Dunes" is in these sandhills. It is a city park covering , including a fishing pond.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Syracuse has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,826 people, 673 households, and 449 families living in Syracuse. Of the households, 68.6% owned their home and 31.4% rented their home.

The median age was 33.0 years. Of the people, 57.8% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 24.8% were from some other race, and 15.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 49.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,812 people, 715 households, and 460 families living in Syracuse.

Syracuse High School is the unified high school for Hamilton County USD 494. The Syracuse school mascot is Bulldogs.



Educating Rita

Educating Rita is a stage comedy by British playwright Willy Russell. It is a play for two actors set entirely in the office of an Open University tutor.

It was Commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company. "Educating Rita" premièred at The Warehouse, London, in June 1980. It starred Julie Walters and Mark Kingston. The play was directed by Mike Ockrent.

The plays follows the relationship between 26-year-old student Rita and Frank, a middle-aged university lecturer. Rita is a Liverpudlian working class hairdresser. It follows them over a year. Act 1 consists of seven scenes. These run from January to May. Act 2 consists of a further seven. These run from September to December. In the play Frank has no surname. When the film was made he became Dr. Frank Bryant.

Rita is dissatisfied with the routine of her work. She signs up for an Open University course in English Literature. The play opens as 'Rita' meets her tutor, Frank, for the first time. Frank is a middle-aged, alcoholic career academic. He has taken on the tutorship to pay for his drink. The two have an immediate and profound effect on one another. Frank is impressed by Rita. He is forced to re-examine his attitudes. Rita finds a new self-confidence. Frank's bitterness and cynicism return. He notices Rita beginning to adopt the university culture he despises. Rita becomes disillusioned. The play ends as Frank is sent to Australia.

The play deals with the concepts of freedom, change, England's class system and the shortcomings of institutional education. It deals with the nature of self-development and of personal relationships. The play borrows from the George Bernard Shaw play "Pygmalion". This in turn is based upon Greek myth.

In 1983, the play was adapted by Russell for a film with Michael Caine and Julie Walters, directed by Lewis Gilbert.

In 2009, the play was adapted by Russell for radio – see "Educating Rita (radio play)". It starred Bill Nighy and Laura Dos Santos. It was directed by Kirsty Williams. It was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Boxing Day 2009. 

From June–July 2001, the Williamstown Theatre Festival mounted a production of Educating Rita at the Nikos Stage. It starred Jacqueline McKenzie as Rita and Edward Herrmann as Frank. The production was directed by Bruce Paltrow. It was critically acclaimed with critics saying McKenzie's performance one of the best performances of the year".

From 26 March-8 May 2010, as part of the Willy Russell season at the Menier Chocolate Factory. Laura Dos Santos reprised her radio performance on stage as Rita with Larry Lamb as Frank. This was the production's first London West End revival.
From 8 July-30 October 2010, this production transferred to the Trafalgar Studios in London's West End. It was produced by Sonia Friedman. Laura Dos Santos reprised her role as Rita. Frank was played by Tim Pigott-Smith. 
The production ran in repertory alongside "Shirley Valentine" starring Meera Syal. 
In 2012, it toured the UK. It starred Claire Sweeney as Rita and Matthew Kelly as Frank. 
From 6 February to 7 March 2015, a 35th anniversary production was staged at Liverpool Playhouse. It starred Leanne Best as Rita and Con O'Neill as Frank. It was directed by Gemma Bodinetz. The same year the Chichester Festival staged a production with Lashana Lynch as Rita and Lenny Henry and Frank.

The original production received the 1980 Olivier Award nomination for "Comedy Performance of the Year" for Julie Walters. It won "Comedy of the Year".



Shirley Valentine

Shirley Valentine is a one-character play by Willy Russell. It takes the form of a monologue by a middle-aged, working class Liverpool housewife. It focuses on her life before and after a transforming holiday abroad.

Shirley finds herself regularly alone and talking to the wall. She prepare an evening meal of egg and chips for her emotionally distant husband. Her best friend offers to pay for a trip-for-two to Greece. She leaves a note on the cupboard door in the kitchen. In Greece she rediscovers what she had been missing in England. She is so happy that she decides not to return. She leaves her friend at the airport and goes back to the hotel. She asks for a job.

Commissioned in 1986, by the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool. Noreen Kershaw starred. It was directed by Glen Walford. In 1988 it opened in London's West End at the Vaudeville Theatre. Pauline Collins starred. It was directed by Simon Callow. On 16 February 1989, the Broadway production, with Collins again directed by Callow, opened at the Booth Theatre. It ran for 324 performances. Ellen Burstyn replaced Collins later in the run. Loretta Swit starred in a US national tour in 1995.

From 26 March - 8 May 2010, as part of the Willy Russell season at the Menier Chocolate Factory, Meera Syal played Shirley in the production's first London West End revival. A West End transfer of the Menier Chocolate Factory production ran at the Trafalgar Studios from 20 July - 30 October 2010. Meera Syal reprised her role as Shirley; this production was adapted and broadcast by BBC Radio Four in 2010 and 2017.

A 30th Anniversary Tour, starring Jodie Prenger ran in the UK from March 2017 to November 2017.



Russell adapted his play for a 1989 film version, directed by Lewis Gilbert, with Collins again playing the title role.

Medicine Lodge, Kansas

Medicine Lodge is the biggest city in Barber County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Barber County. In 2020, 1,781 people lived there.

Settlers led by a man named John Hutchinson founded Medicine Lodge in February 1873. It was created north of the confluence of Elm Creek and the Medicine Lodge River. The community grew quickly, and it had a hotel, stores, and a post office established within a year.

In 1874, in response to Native raids in the region, residents and the state militia constructed a stockade. A group of Osage killed three settlers within a few miles of the compound, but no direct attack on the fortifications occurred. Medicine Lodge was incorporated as a city in 1879.

Temperance activist Carrie Nation launched her crusade against the sale of alcohol while living in Medicine Lodge in 1900. Her home and a recreation of the 1873 stockade are open to the public.

Medicine Lodge is at (37.284352, -98.580977) in south-central Kansas. It is in the Red Hills region of the Great Plains. The city is north of the confluence of the Medicine Lodge River and Elm Creek. The city is on the northeast side of the river. Elm Creek goes south around the eastern and southern sides of the city. A tributary of Elm Creek, which goes south through Medicine Lodge, has been dammed north of the city to form a reservoir. This reservoir is Barber County State Lake.

The city is at the junction of U.S. Routes 160 and 281.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Medicine Lodge has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cfa"). It has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature in Medicine Lodge is 57.3 °F (14 °C), and the average precipitation per year is 26.2 inches (660 mm). On average, January is the coldest month, July is the warmest month, and June is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Medicine Lodge was 118 °F (48 °C) in 1936; the coldest temperature ever was -22 °F (-30 °C) in 1905.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,781 people, 806 households, and 459 families living in Medicine Lodge. Of the households, 68.0% owned their home and 32.0% rented their home.

The median age was 41.0 years. Of the people, 89.7% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.0% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,009 people, 876 households, and 530 families living in Medicine Lodge.

Medicine Lodge is the western endpoint of the Medicine Lodge railroad of the V&S Railway. The rail line runs northwest-southeast through the southwestern part of the city.

"The Gyp Hill Premiere" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.



Columbus, Kansas

Columbus is the second biggest city Cherokee County, Kansas, United States. It is about 15 miles south-southwest of Pittsburg. It is also the county seat of Cherokee County. In 2020, 2,929 people lived there.

The first settlement at Columbus was created in 1868. The first post office in Columbus was created in 1869.

Columbus was a railroad junction for the Saint Louis and San Francisco, and the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas railroads. It was named Columbus by A.L. Peters, one of the European-American creators of the city. It was named after his hometown of Columbus, Ohio; the name is indirectly named after Christopher Columbus, the explorer. Coal, lead and zinc were found in the area. Columbus had a big trade in agricultural products. Its businesses had machine shops, grain elevators, flour mills, a cigar factory, bottle works (soft drinks), a canning factory, and a big brick-making factory.

In 1875, Robert A. Long and Victor Bell created the Long-Bell Lumber Company in Columbus. From one lumberyard, Long-Bell grew their businesses and holdings to become one of the biggest vertically integrated lumber companies in the United States. In 1956, it was bought by International Paper.

Columbus is at (37.171614, -94.844076). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Columbus has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Columbus has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,929 people, 1,251 households, and 746 families living in Columbus. Of the households, 63.5% owned their home and 36.5% rented their home.

The median age was 39.8 years. Of the people, 86.8% were White, 3.1% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 0.8% were from some other race, and 8.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,312 people, 1,424 households, and 850 families living in Columbus.



Educating Rita (movie)

Educating Rita is a British 1983 drama/comedy movie directed by Lewis Gilbert. The screenplay is by Willy Russell based on his 1980 stage play. The film stars Michael Caine, Julie Walters, Michael Williams and Maureen Lipman. It won multiple major awards for best actor and best actress and was nominated for three Academy Awards.

Caine and Walters both won BAFTA and Golden Globe awards for best actor and actress. The British Film Institute ranked "Educating Rita" the 84th greatest British film of the 20th century.

Rita (Julie Walters) is a 26-year-old Liverpudlian working-class hairdresser. She is dissatisfied with the routine of her work. She is reluctant to have a child. She fears it will tie her to the same monotonous routine for life. She yearns to escape to something, without exactly knowing what that is. She signs up for an Open University course in English Literature. Her assigned tutor is Frank Bryant (Michael Caine). Bryant is a jaded university lecturer. He describes his abilities as "appalling but good enough for his appalling students". His passion for literature is reignited by Rita. Her ability for the subject is limited by her lack of education. Frank finds her enthusiasm refreshing. Frank's cynicism returns as he notices Rita beginning to adopt the pretensions of the university culture he despises. The film ends with Frank being sent to Australia.

Lewis Gilbert says it was difficult to raise finance for the film. "Columbia wanted me to cast Dolly Parton as Rita". Julie Walters, in her feature-film debut, reprised her role from the stage production.

The film was shot in Dublin. Trinity College, Dublin, is used as the setting for the university. University College Dublin, in Belfield, Dublin, is used for Rita's summer school. The room used by Bryant as his office is in the College Historical Society. The room used by Bryant as his tutorial room is in the University Philosophical Society. The production left portraits of Douglas Hyde and Isaac Butt, and a bust of John Pentland Mahaffy on display. Number 8 Hogan Avenue in Dublin near Grand Canal Dock was used for Rita's house. A house in Burlington Road, Ballsbridge was used for Bryant's. The scene set in France was filmed in Maynooth, County Kildare. Pearse Station and Dublin Airport were also used. The scene in the pub was shot in The Stag's Head pub on Dame Court in Dublin.

The American "Variety" magazine in December 1982 praised Walters' interpretation of Rita as "witty, down-to-earth, kind and loaded with common sense."

Ian Nathan reviewing the film for Britain's "Empire" film magazine calls it a "gem,". He gave it four out of five stars.

American critic Janet Maslin called the film "the perfect play about literature for anyone who wouldn't dream of actually reading books".

Chicago critic Roger Ebert gave the film two stars out of four. He said Russell's screen adaptation "added mistresses, colleagues, husbands, in-laws, students and a faculty committee, [that were] all unnecessary".





In 1999, the film was among the BFI Top 100 British films.

In 2007, while promoting the remake of "Sleuth", Caine called "Educating Rita" "the last good picture [he] made before [he] mentally retired."

The film was released on DVD in the UK and the US. In 2008, ITV Studios released it on Blu-Ray in the UK (Region B) as a 25th Anniversary edition.

In November 2002, the then-82-year-old director Lewis Gilbert said he would like to remake it "with a black cast that could include Halle Berry and Denzel Washington". principal photography was to commence in 2003. The project was abandoned.


Pauline Collins

Pauline Collins (born 3 September 1940) is an English actress of stage, television, and movies. 

Her first major role was in 1971 as Sarah Moffat in "Upstairs, Downstairs".

In 1988, Collins played the title role in the play "Shirley Valentine".

In 1989, She reprised the role in the movie adaptation. She won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. 

In 1992, she released her autobiography, titled "Letter to Louise".

Collins was born in Exmouth, Devon. Her mother was a school teacher. Her father was a school headmaster. She was brought up as a Roman Catholic in Wallasey near Liverpool. Her great-uncle was Irish poet Jeremiah Joseph Callanan.

Collins was educated at Sacred Heart High School. She studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London. She worked as a teacher until 1962. She then made her stage debut at Windsor in "A Gazelle in Park Lane". In 1965, she made her West End debut in "Passion Flower Hotel". During the play's run, she made her first movie, "Secrets of a Windmill Girl". It was released in 1966.

Collins played Samantha Briggs in the 1967 "Doctor Who" serial "The Faceless Ones". She declined an offer of a role as a new companion for the Doctor.

Other early TV credits include the UK's first medical soap "Emergency - Ward 10" (1960). In 1969, she was in the pilot episode and first series of "The Liver Birds".

Collins first became well known for her role as the maid Sarah in the 1970s ITV drama series "Upstairs, Downstairs". The character was in the first two series. In the second series she appeared with her actor husband, John Alderton. In 1979, they starred in a spin-off, "Thomas & Sarah". They also starred in the sitcom "No, Honestly". This was written by Terence Brady and Charlotte Bingham. From 1975 to 1978, they worked together in a series of short-story adaptations called "Wodehouse Playhouse". In 1983, they narrated the animated British children's TV series "Little Miss".

In April 1972, she was a subject of the television programme "This Is Your Life", being surprised by Eamonn Andrews.

In 1973, in her "Upstairs, Downstairs" role, Collins recorded a single for Decca called "What Are We Going to Do with Uncle Arthur?". It was performed by her character several times during the series. The 'B' side was "With Every Passing Day" (a vocal version of the show's theme).

In 1988, Collins starred in the one-woman play "Shirley Valentine" in London. In 1989 she reprised the role on Broadway. She was then in the 1989 movie version. The movie won a number of awards and nominations. Both the play and the feature movie used the technique known as "breaking the fourth wall". The character Shirley Valentine directly addresses the audience throughout the story. 

Collins starred alongside her husband in the popular ITV drama series "Forever Green". This was created and written by Terence Brady and Charlotte Bingham. It was about a couple who start a new life in the country with their children. It ran from 1989 to 1992 in over 18 episodes. 

In 1990, Collins was voted sexiest woman in Britain. 

In 2006, she became only the third actor to have been in both the original and new series of "Doctor Who". She appeared in the episode "Tooth and Claw" as Queen Victoria. 

In 2015, she appeared as Mrs Gamp in the BBC TV series "Dickensian".

In the 2001 Birthday Honours, Collins was agiven an OBE for services to drama.

Collins married actor John Alderton in 1969 and lives in Hampstead, London, with her husband and their three children, Nicholas, Kate, and Richard. She also has an older daughter with actor Tony Rohr, Louise, whom she gave up for adoption. They were reunited when Louise was 22 years old.



Panasonic Q

The Panasonic Q is a variant of the Nintendo GameCube. It plays both GameCube games and DVDs. It was released only in Japan.

NES Advantage

The NES Advantage is a arcade style controller manufactured by Asciiware and released by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987. The stick features two turbo buttons. It is very large, and takes up both controller ports on the system.


Nintendo 64 controller

The Nintendo 64 controller, also known as the "Trident", is the main controller for the Nintendo 64. It has an analog stick, a D-pad, and a control pad. Despite all of these buttons, it only has three face buttons. 

Wii U GamePad

The Wii U GamePad is a tablet-like controller for the Wii U. It has a touch screen and gyroscopic controls. Many criticized it for its poor battery life. It also has NFC receivers for use with Amiibo. A camera and sensor bar, used for controlling a Wii Remote, is also present. 

Super Scope

The Super Scope is the Super NES' variant of the NES Zapper. It is a light gun, similar to the Zapper. 

NES Max

The NES Max is a controller made by Nintendo for the NES. It has the Turbo feature of the Advantage, but it is the size of a standard NES controller.

Power Glove

The Power Glove is a third-party controller made by Mattel. It is a commercialized version of a concept for a fiber optic glove. It is also one of the first examples of a motion-controlled device used for video games. It did not catch on with audiences. Critics did not like it. It is heavily featured in the movie "The Wizard".

Nintendo GameCube controller

The Nintendo GameCube controller is the main controller for the Nintendo GameCube.

Nintendo GameCube–Game Boy Advance link cable

The Nintendo GameCube-Game Boy Advance link cable (abbreviated NGC-GBA link cable) is a device that allows the Game Boy Advance to connect with the GameCube. It is also compatible with the eReader but requires more systems for this connectivity. 

SNES Mouse

The SNES Mouse is a mouse controller for the SNES. It is compatible with Mario Paint.

IQue Player

The iQue Player is a special version of the Nintendo 64. It was made for the Chinese market. It is very rare, and only few exist. You can play some games, and some demos like Super Mario 64. You can only have 5 games at a time. 

Remo Bodei

Remo Bodei (3 August 1938 – 7 November 2019) was an Italian philosopher. He was Professor of the history of philosophy at the University of California at Los Angeles. He also taught at the University of Pisa and Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa. Bodei was born in Cagliari, Italy. His initial interests were in classical German philosophy and the Weimar Classicism period (1770–1830). He wrote over 200 papers on utopian.

Bodei died on 7 November 2019 at the age of 81.


George Tarasovic

George Kenneth Tarasovic (May 6, 1930 – October 2019) was a college and professional American football player. He played 15 years in the National Football League with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Philadelphia Eagles, and Denver Broncos. He was born in Granville, New York. 

On November 7, 2019, it was announced that Tarasovic had died in October in Savannah, Georgia at age 89.

Granville, New York

Granville, New York is a town on the eastern border of Washington County. It is also near Rutland County, Vermont. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The town population was 6,215 at the 2020 census.

Fort Edward (town), New York

Fort Edward is a town in Washington County, New York, United States. The population was 5,991 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Washington County.

Parsa District

Parsa District (, a part of Madhesh Province in Terai plain, is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. The district, with Birganj as its district headquarters, has an area of . According to the locals, Parsa is named after Parsagadhi temple in the district.

At the time of the 2011 Nepal census, Parsa District had a population of 601,017. Of these, 78.1% spoke Bhojpuri, 6.4% Nepali, 5.1% Maithili, 3.8% Tharu, 2.2% Urdu, 1.3% Tamang, 0.8% Rajasthani and 0.7% Newari as their first language.

30.4% of the population in the district spoke Nepali, 5.4% Bhojpuri and 4.9% Hindi as their second language.

VDC/s and Municipalities (blue) in Parsa District
The district consists of one metropolitan city, three urban municipalities and ten rural municipalities. These are as follows:




Torryburn

Torryburn is a village and parish in Fife, Scotland. It is on the north shore of the Firth of Forth.

City of Joy (movie)

City of Joy is a 1992 French-British drama movie. It was directed by Roland Joffé. The screenplay is by Mark Medoff.

It is based on the novel by Dominique Lapierre. The story looks at the life in Indian slums.

Hasari Pal (Om Puri) is a rural farmer. He moves to Calcutta with his wife Kamla (Shabana Azmi) and three children. They seek a better life. They are cheated out of their rent money and thrown out on the streets. It is difficult for Hasari to find a job. The family refuses to give up. They find their place in the poverty-stricken city.

At the same time, Max Lowe (Patrick Swayze) arrives in Calcutta. He is a US surgeon. He is upset after the loss of a young patient.
He seeks spiritual enlightenment. He encounters misfortune as soon as he arrives. He is tricked by a young prostitute. He is roughed up by thugs. He loses his documents and valuables.

Hasari comes to Max's aid. He takes the injured doctor to the "City of Joy". This is a slum area populated with lepers and poor people. This becomes their new home. Max spends a lot of time there. He does not want to become too involved with the residents because he is afraid of becoming emotionally attached to them. An Irish woman, Joan (Pauline Collins), runs the local clinic. She persuades Max to help.

Max begins to fit in with his fellow slum-dwellers. He becomes more optimistic. Ther people around him have much worse lives. Their hope give new strengths to the depressed doctor.


The movie was not a box office success. The film grossed $14.7 million in the United States.

The film received mixed reviews. It received a 56% 'rotten' rating on review site Rotten Tomatoes.


Butch Goring

Robert Thomas "Butch" Goring (born October 22, 1949) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player. He played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Los Angeles Kings, New York Islanders and Boston Bruins. He is a four-time Stanley Cup winner with the Islanders. Since retiring as a player he has served as head coach of both the Bruins and Islanders. He currently serves as the Islanders TV color commentator alongside Islanders play by play announcer Brendan Burke.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Stanley Cup champion


Jim Benzelock

James John Benzelock (born June 21, 1947) is a former professional ice hockey right winger. He was drafted in the first round, fifth overall, by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1968 NHL Amateur Draft. He never played in the National Hockey League; however, he appeared in 166 World Hockey Association games with the Alberta Oilers, Chicago Cougars, and Quebec Nordiques.

Jouko Innanen

Jouko Innanen (29 October 1952 – 1 October 2019) was a Finnish cartoonist. Innanen's cartoons were published in the magazines "Iltalehti", "Turun Sanomat", "Länsi-Savo", "Itä-Savo" and "Länsiväylä". He died in Savonlinna.


Kranji MRT station

Kranji MRT station (NS7) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Sungei Kadut, Singapore.

Kranji station was not included in the North South Line Woodlands Extension when it was proposed in 1990. It was later included as a temporary station that will be built at a later stage.

Kranji station was eventually built to serve the Singapore Turf Club. This station also serves as a key transfer point for passengers that are going to Johor Bahru, Malaysia.


Echocardiography

Echocardiography or Echocardiyogram is an ultrasound to view and hear the heart. 
Echocardiography is able to view two-dimensional, three-dimensional, and Doppler ultrasound to create images and sounds of the heart.

The echocardiography machine's are mainly used in hospitals.

Echocardiography dates back to the 1950s and was invented by Carl Helmuth Hertz and Inge Edler.

Admiralty MRT station

Admiralty MRT station (NS10) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Woodlands, Singapore. The name of this station came from a former British naval base located on the northern coast of Singapore.

In 1990, the government proposed to build the North South Line Woodlands Extension to extend the existing North-South and East-West lines. The extension connects Choa Chu Kang with Yishun. Construction started in 1991 and the station was opened on 10 February 1996 along with the other five stations on the Woodlands Extension. Television screens were installed at Admiralty station, along with Woodlands, Marsiling and Yew Tee stations.

On 2 March 2007, 2,900 commuters were stranded as train services between the Admiralty and Kranji MRT stations were disrupted for about 45 minutes. Bridging bus services were deployed to ferry the passengers to Kranji. 

On 7 June 2017, a 34 year-old man was arrested for leaving a luggage bag unattended at the bicycle bay of the station.


Divo, Ivory Coast

Divo is a city in southern Ivory Coast. It is a sub-prefecture of and the seat of Divo Department. It is also the seat of Lôh-Djiboua Region in Gôh-Djiboua District and a commune. In the 2014 census, the population of Divo was 179,455, making it the tenth-most populated city in the country.

The city is served by Divo Airport.

Divo was the seat of the Sud-Bandama region from 1997 to 2011.

The Firm (1989 movie)

The Firm is a 1989 British made-for-television drama movie.

It was directed by Alan Clarke. It was written by Al Hunter Ashton for the BBC.

It stars Gary Oldman, Phil Davis, Charles Lawson and Steve McFadden.

The film is based on the activities of the Inter City Firm, a football firm of West Ham United during the 1970s and 1980s.

The film, courted controversy on release. It has come to be regarded among the best films on the subject of football hooliganism.

It is notable for having almost no background music. The only music is over the opening titles. It is Dean Martin's rendition of "That's Amore".

Oldman's performance has been hailed as one of the greatest of his career.

Clive Bissel (nicknamed "Bex", or "Bexy") is a married man with a baby son. He is the leader of a hooligan firm known as the ICC (Inter City Crew). His wife disapproves of his activities as a football hooligan. These contrast to his respectable job as an estate agent. He is unwilling to give up violence as it gives him a "buzz".

Bexy's father accepts his son's lifestyle. He takes a group photograph of the 'tooled up' gang. He boasts that he did similar activities when younger. He feels that Bex has gone soft because they now use weapons.

The film begins with a rival gang called "The Buccaneers" vandalising Bexy's Ford Sierra XR4x4. While Bexy is playing football, they spray graffiti in the dressing room. Yeti, the leader of the Bucaneeers drives a white Volkswagen Golf GTi cabriolet across the football pitch.

Bexy wants to form a 'National Firm' made up from rival gangs. He wants this 'firm' to be big enough to take on the large international hooligan groups. Bexy meets leaders from other firms in the Tower Hotel in London. This includes the Buccaneers. The other gangs like the idea. They do not like the idea of Bexy being "top boy". The rival firms agree to fight each other to decide who will lead the new "firm" into Europe.

Bexy uses intimidation to keep his position as leader of the ICC. The young men think of themselves as respected figures in their local community. Bexy's wife tells him that is not correct. She says everyone thinks of him as a joke. She says they fear his violent nature, so few are willing to stand up to him.

The ICC survive violent clashes with the other gangs. They must still defeat the Buccaneers. Bexy is looking forward to defeating Yeti. Bexy beats up Yeti during the ICC's clash with the Buccaneers. He is shot dead by an injured Yeti.

The closing scene depicts the surviving ICC members in a pub. They honour Bexy as a hero. They will fight the European firms in memory of their dead leader. The hooligans agree that Bex was a visionary who brought them together. They give him legendary status. They vow to continue.


"The Firm" proved controversial.

It has been both celebrated and condemned for its violent content.

Tom Dawson in "The List" reported that it "is widely considered to be the toughest and most insightful screen depiction of football hooligans".

"Vice" critic Harry Sword wrote that ""The Firm" remains the definitive celluloid document on football hooliganism".

Philip French in "The Observer" described the film as "by some way the best movie on the subject of football hooliganism and a key text on the subject of Thatcher's Britain."

Film4 hailed "The Firm" as a "brilliant and compelling drama". It features Oldman "at his visceral, intense best".

Josh Winning of "Total Film" observed its "unflinching depictions of violence". He named Oldman's "stunning" performance as the best of his career.

In 2018, Matthew Thrift of the British Film Institute wrote that Bissell "remains probably Gary Oldman's greatest screen performance".

"The Firm" has been described as a cult classic.

The film was first released on VHS on 21 Oct 1996. It was in a double pack with the similarly themed ID.

A DVD was first released by Prism Leisure on 2 Feb 2004.

The film has been sold as part of numerous box-sets. These often include films of a similar nature or from director Alan Clarke.

On 10 Sep 2007, the BBC released a special edition DVD in collectible SteelBook packaging. Extra features on the special edition include:

A version of the film was included in the 2016 DVD set "Alan Clarke at the BBC, Volume 2: Disruption". This version includes censored scenes restored from tape. The new scenes include: a more graphic version of Bex's blinding of Oboe, a scene of Bex mock-raping his wife, and Bex performing a knife attack on Yeti's private parts).
It was also released as a stand-alone DVD. Both releases were under the British Film Institute's control.

The story was adapted by Nick Love into the 2009 film of the same name.


Firm (disambiguation)

A firm is a commercial partnership of two or more people.

Firm or The Firm may also refer to:









Randnet

Randnet was the online system for the Nintendo 64DD. It was required for it to function. It no longer exists. The service was only released in Japan. 

Millook

Millook is a place on the north coast of Cornwall. It has these remarkable cliffs. The cliffs at Millook are so famous they were voted by the Geological Society as one of Britain's top 10 geological sites. They came top of the "folding and faulting" category. 

The cliffs have a series of horizontal chevron folds. The rocks were once sedimentary rocks laid down in deep water during the Devonian and Carboniferous periods. We know this because they still contain brachiopod fossils of a type which lived in the late Devonian period. Later they were altered by heat from granite during mountain building in the English counties of Devon and Cornwall.

The Variscan orogeny caused the intrusion of the hot granite. The subsequent contact with the sandstones created the metamorphic rocks seen today. This also put intense pressure on the sediments causing them to be folded and faulted. What we see is a small part of a huge mountain system caused by a continental collision between Euramerica (Laurussia) and Gondwana. This formed the supercontinent of Pangaea.

Nintendo Network

The Nintendo Network is the online service for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U. A Nintendo Network ID is required to use it.

Basel Mission

The Basel Mission was a Christian missionary society based in Basel, Switzerland. It was active from 1815 to 2001, when it transferred the operative work to Mission 21, the successor organization of "Kooperation Evangelischer Kirchen und Missione" (KEM), founded in 2001.

Duty to rescue

Duty to rescue is a concept that many law systems have: In certain cirumstances, someone can be held responsible for not helping another person who is in danger, and who would be injured, or who would die, if not helped. People are required to help to the best of their abilities. As a bare minimum, this often means alerting emergency services. 

Not all law systems have this concept, and in general the following is true:


Those helping are often protected by law, against errors they make.

In many cases, the duty to rescue has become customary law. This is the case for example for helping people at sea.
A moral or ethical duty to rescue may exist even where there is no legal duty to rescue. Such a duty can be justified in different ways.

One kind of justification is general and applies regardless of role-related relationships: Under this general justification, people have a duty to rescue other people in distress because of their common humanity. With this justification, the specific skills of the rescuer or the nature of the victim's distress are irrelevant. 

This kind would justify cases of rescue and in fact make such rescue a duty even between strangers. With this justification in mind, philosopher Peter Singer suggests that if one saw a child drowning and could intervene to save him, they should do so, if the cost is moderate to themselves. Damage to their clothing or shoes or how late it might make them for a meeting would be an insufficient excuse to avoid assistance. Singer goes on to say that one should also try to rescue distant strangers, not just nearby children, because globalization has made it possible to do so. Such general arguments for a duty to rescue also explain why after the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Haitians were digging family members, friends, and strangers out of the rubble with their bare hands and carrying injured persons to whatever medical care was available. It also explains why, journalist and physician Sanjay Gupta and a number of other MD-journalists began acting as physicians to treat injuries rather than remaining uninvolved in their journalistic roles. Similarly, they justify journalist Anderson Cooper's attempt to shepherd an injured young boy away from some "toughs" nearby in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake.

Specific arguments for such a duty to rescue include:


There are also ethical justifications for role-specific or skill-specific duties of rescue such as those described above under the discussion of U.S. Common Law. Generally, these justifications are rooted in the idea that the "best" rescues, the most effective rescues, are done by those with special skills. Such persons, when available to rescue, are thus even more required to do so ethically than regular persons who might simply make things worse (for a utilitarian, rescue by a skilled professional in a relevant field would maximize the good even better than rescue by a regular stranger). This particular ethical argument makes sense when considering the ability firefighters to get both themselves and victims safely out of a burning building, or of health care personnel such as physicians, nurses, physician's assistants, and EMTs to provide medical rescue.

Team Trees

Team Trees is a non-profit fundraiser trying to plant 20 million trees by 2020. It was created by the YouTubers MrBeast and Mark Rober, and many other YouTubers have helped too. The donations go to the Arbor Day Foundation, a group that plants one tree for every $1 received. Mark Rober himself has made a self tree planting drone. Recently, they have both also made a separate charity called Team Seas with a similiar goal. 



Russian Grand Prix

The Russian Grand Prix () is an annual auto race held at Sochi Autodrom – a street circuit built around Olympic Park in Sochi, Russia, as part of the Formula One World Championship.

The 2022 edition was cancelled due to 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, before contract future race was terminated.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

Monrovia, Kansas

Monrovia is an unincorporated community in Atchison County, Kansas, USA. Monrovia is at .

Monrovia was platted in 1856. This makes it one of the oldest towns in Atchison County. The community on the Missouri Pacific Railroad never did grow enough to meet its creators' expectations.

A post office was opened in Monrovia in 1857. It was used until it was discontinued in 1955.


Canadian Home Video Rating System

The Canadian Home Video Rating System is a voluntary rating classification system applied to home video products such as VHS and DVDs. It was originally created in 1946 as Motion Picture Classification Corporation of Canada.

There are six ratings:


CHVRS

William Wintersole

William Wintersole (July 30, 1931 – November 5, 2019) was an American actor. He appeared on "The Young and the Restless" for over 20 years as Mitchell Sherman. On "General Hospital" he was "Ted Ballantine".

Wintersole was a character actor. He appeared in television series, including "I Dream of Jeannie", "Kojak", "Little House on the Prairie", "Quincy, M.E.", "Bonanza", "", and "The Fugitive".

Hermanubis

Hermanubis is an Egyptian-Greek god unifying the Greek god Hermes and the Egyptian god Anubis.

Günter Litfin

Günter Litfin (19 January 1937 – 24 August 1961) was a German tailor. He was the second known person to die at the Berlin Wall. 

Litfin was the first victim to be killed by East German border troops. He was the first to succumb to gunshot wounds, and was the first male victim.

Aviation Park MRT station

Aviation Park MRT station (CR2) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line. The station is in Changi, Singapore and will serve as the terminating point for the Cross Island line.

The code "CR1" is reserved for a future extension towards Changi Airport.

The station was first announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Loyang MRT station

Loyang MRT station (CR3) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line. The station is in Pasir Ris, Singapore.

The station was first mentioned in 2013 as one of the residential areas that the Cross Island line will serve. It was then officially announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction works will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Pasir Ris East MRT station

Pasir Ris East MRT station (CR4) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line. The station is in Pasir Ris, Singapore.

The station was first mentioned in 2013 as one of the residential areas that the Cross Island line will serve. It was then officially announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction works will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Master Roshi

Master Roshi is a major character in the manga and anime "Dragon Ball" created by Akira Toriyama. He is a old hermit who lives on a island in the Kame House who will be the teacher of Goku, Krillin and Yamcha. He is the man who developed he Kamehameha technique. One of his quirks is having nosebleeds when he sees beautiful girls (like Bulma). During the World Martial arts tournaments he adoptes the identity of Jackie Chun.

Santa Fe de Nuevo México

Santa Fe de Nuevo México (shortened to "Nuevo México" and translated into English as "New Mexico") was a part of New Spain from 1598 until 1824 and a territory of Mexico from 1598 until 1846. Then it was occupied by the United States of America during the Mexican–American War in 1846.

In 1848, after the war ended, it officially became part of the United States with the Mexican Cession that was agreed in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. First it was the New Mexico Territory. Now it is the U.S. state of New Mexico.

Tampines North MRT station

Tampines North MRT station (CR6) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line. The station is in Tampines, Singapore.

The distance between this station and the next station, Defu, is the furthest between any two stations on the MRT Network. The station was first announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Oron-le-Châtel

Oron-le-Châtel was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Vuibroye

Vuibroye was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

André Breton

André Robert Breton (; 18 February 1896 – 28 September 1966) was a French writer, poet and anti-fascist. He is known best as the co-founder and principal theorist of Surrealism. His works include the first "Surrealist Manifesto" ("Manifeste du surréalisme") of 1924, in which he defined surrealism as "pure psychic automatism".

He led a surrealist group with members like Salvador Dali and Max Ernest.

Grandvaux

Grandvaux was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality called Bourg-en-Lavaux.


Riex

Riex was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality called Bourg-en-Lavaux.


Paudex

Paudex is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Union City, Oklahoma

Union City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.


The Broker's Man

The Broker's Man is a BBC British television drama series.

Jimmy Griffin is an ex-detective. He uses his skills as a fraud investigator for an insurance company.

"The Broker's Man" was produced by Bentley Productions for BBC One.

It starred Kevin Whately as Jimmy Griffin.

It ran for two series from 17 June 1997 to 27 August 1998.

It was filmed in the years between Whately's role as Inspector Lewis in the two TV series, "Inspector Morse" and "Lewis".

The complete series of "The Broker's Man" was released on DVD by Acorn Media UK on 4 February 2008.



A Fish Called Wanda

A Fish Called Wanda is a 1988 British-American heist comedy film directed by Charles Crichton from a screenplay by John Cleese. It stars Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline and Michael Palin as a gang of diamond thieves who double-cross one another to find stolen diamonds hidden by the gang leader. A barrister (Cleese) becomes a main character as "femme fatale" Wanda (Curtis) uses him to locate the loot.

It was Crichton's last film.

Kline won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Cleese and Crichton received a nomination for Best Original Screenplay. Crichton was nominated for Best Director.

Cleese won a BAFTA Award for Best Actor. Palin won for Best Supporting Actor. Curtis received a nomination for Best Leading Actress. Maria Aitken received a nomination for Best Supporting Actress.

Cleese received a nomination for best actor and Curtis received a nomination for best Actress at the Golden Globes

Another movie called "Fierce Creatures" came out in 1997. The same actors star in it but play different characters. It does not continue the story of A Fish Called Wanda.

George Thomason and Ken Pile are gangsters in London. Ken loves animals and he has a stutter. They plan to steal a jewels. They ask two Americans for help: con artist Wanda Gershwitz and weapons expert Otto West. Otto is a stupid and mean. Also, he does not like British people. Wanda and Otto are lovers. They hide this from George and Ken by pretending to be siblings. This frees Wanda to work her charms on them.

The robbery is successful and the gang escapes with a lot of diamonds. They hide them in a safe in an old workshop. Wanda and Otto betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the diamonds. Wanda plans to double-cross Otto as well. She finds that George has moved the diamonds. Wanda discovers the key to the safe deposit box containing the diamonds in Ken's fish tank. She hides it in her pendant.

Wanda seduces George's barrister, Archie Leach. Archie is in a loveless marriage. He quickly falls for Wanda. She gets him to persuade George to plead guilty and to tell the location of the diamonds. Otto is jealous. His interference causes Wanda and Archie's liaisons to go disastrously wrong. Wanda accidentally leaves her pendant at Archie's house. Archie's wife, Wendy, mistakes it as a gift for her. At Wanda's insistence, Archie recovers the pendant by staging a burglary. Archie feels guilty and ends the affair.

George asks Ken to kill Mrs Coady. She is the Crown's only eyewitness to the robbery. Ken tries three times. Each time he accidentally kills one of her dogs instead. This causes him great distress. The last dog's death gives her a fatal heart attack. So Otto is successful. With no witness, George seems poised to get off soon. He reveals the location of the diamonds to Ken. Otto learns Ken now knows where they are. Otto tries to force Ken to reveal where the diamonds are by eating his pet fish. He leaves Ken's favourite, named Wanda, until last. Ken reveals that the diamonds are at a hotel near Heathrow Airport.

With Otto's knowledge and Wanda's key, the pair want George to remain in jail. At his trial, defence witness Wanda unexpectedly gives evidence against him. Archie is stunned. He is flustered and messess up his questioning. He inadvertently calls Wanda "darling". Wendy realises that Archie has had an affair. She declares their marriage over.

With no career and no marriage, Archie resolves to cut his losses, steal the diamonds for himself and flee to South America. George tells Archie that Ken knows where the diamonds are. Archie sees Wanda fleeing the courthouse. He pulls her into his car and races to Ken's flat. As Archie runs into the building, Otto steals Archie's car, taking Wanda with him. Ken and Archie give chase. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds. Wanda double-crosses Otto and leaves him unconscious in a broom cupboard. After recovering, Otto shoots his way out and is confronted by Archie. Otto is about to kill Archie. Archie stalls him by taunting Otto about American failures such as the Vietnam War. Ken arrives, driving a steamroller, seeking vengeance for his fish. Otto, who has stepped in wet concrete and cannot move, is run over but survives. Archie and Wanda board the plane. Otto clings to the outside of the plane. He curses them until he is blown off as the plane takes off.

In 1969, Cleese and Crichton tried to make a film together but it never got started.
They promised each other that they would work on a film in the future.

In June 1983, they began writing the script for "Wanda". For the next two and half years they met three times a month to work on the script.
According to Crichton, "We had a week of rehearsals and then a gap of two weeks in which to incorporate any new ideas which had been thrown up and to polish the script."
According to Michael Palin, the original title was "A Goldfish Called Wanda."

Cleese told an interviewer why he called his character Archie Leach. Cary Grant's real name was Archie Leach. Cleese said "I feel this film is as near as I'll ever get to being Cary Grant."

Cleese served as co-director as the studio executives at MGM were worried about Crichton's age. He was 78 years old at the time. On the set, Crichton wore a T-shirt presented to him by Cleese and inscribed "Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill".

The film was shot in London during the summer of 1987.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 93% approval rating, based on 61 reviews, with an average rating of 8/10.
"Smartly written, smoothly directed, and solidly cast, "A Fish Called Wanda" offers a classic example of a brainy comedy with widespread appeal."

On Metacritic, the film holds a score of 80 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews."

Six weeks after release it reached number one at the box office in the United States. It eventually grossed $62,493,712 in the US. It was the number one rental video in the US in 1989.

During the initial run of the film, a Danish audiologist named Ole Bentzen died during a screening when his heart rate rose to an estimated 250–500 beats per minute from laughing at a scene too hard, leading to a fatal heart attack.

In 2016, "Empire" magazine ranked "A Fish Called Wanda" 35th on their list of the 100 best British films. They called it "a must-own for any British comedy fan". They said, "it made possible Richard Curtis's later Brit-com oeuvre by establishing that British eccentricism can sell, revived the world's interest in Ealing comedies, and allowed a character with Cary Grant's real name – Cleese's bumbling lawyer Archie Leach – to live again on the big screen".

The film is number 27 on Bravo's "100 Funniest Movies". It is also included in the "Reader's Digest" "100 Funniest Films" list.

In 1999, the British Film Institute ranked it 39th of the BFI Top 100 British films of the 20th century

In 2000, the American Film Institute placed the film 21st on its 100 Years...100 Laughs list.

In 2003, AFI nominated Otto West as a villain from this film for AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes & Villains.

James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" awarded the film four out of four stars in his review; it is also number 10 on his "Top 100" list.

The main actors worked together again in 1997 to make "Fierce Creatures". It is not a sequel or prequel, but is similar in style to A Fish Called Wanda. It is called a spiritual sequel. The actors played different characters. "Fierce Creatures" was not as well received by critics or audiences as "A Fish Called Wanda".

The novelization of "Fierce Creatures", written by Iain Johnstone, who co-wrote the film, begins with a letter from Archie (John Cleese's character in the first film) to his brother Rollo. According to the letter:

A loose Indian adaptation, "Padmashree Laloo Prasad Yadav", was released in 2005.

In 2008, it was reported that John Cleese and his daughter, Cynthia (who played his screen daughter, Portia), had started to work on a stage musical version of the film.


Rivaz

Rivaz is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is the smallest municipality by area in Switzerland.


Essertes

Essertes was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, Essertes became a part of Oron.

Les Cullayes

Les Cullayes was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Les Cullayes became part of Servion on 1 January 2012.

Ferlens

Ferlens was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2016, the former municipalities of Carrouge, Ferlens and Mézières joined together to become the new municipality called Jorat-Mézières.

Puidoux

Puidoux is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Forel, Vaud

Forel is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the Swiss canton of Vaud.

1993–94 Belizean municipal elections

Belizean municipal elections, 1993-1994 was a series of municipal elections held in Belize within a period of twelve months and sandwiching a General election. 


Stoneware

Stoneware is a broad term for pottery or other ceramics fired at a relatively high temperature. It may or may not be glazed. It was developed after earthenware and before porcelain. Stoneware can be made from a much wider range of clays than porcelain.

Historically, reaching high temperatures was a big challenge. Lower temperatures were used for a long time. Earthenware can be fired as low as 600°C. This was done in primitive pit firing, but to was more typical. 

As a rough guide, modern earthenwares are normally fired in a kiln at temperatures in the range of about 1,000°C (1,830 °F) to ; stonewares at between about to ; and porcelains at between about to .

Tanganyika (territory)

Tanganyika was a territory in Africa, administered by Great Britain from 1916 to 1961. The territory was roughly equivalent to the part of modern-day Tanzania, which is on the African continent, without the islands of Zanzibar and Pemba, but with the Island of Mafia. 

Before 1916, it was part of German East Africa. German East Africa included other territories as well. The territory was named after Lake Tanganyika, on its eastern border. In 1961, Tanzania became independent, with the islands of Zanzibar and Pemba, as well. 


Servion

Servion is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The former municipality called Les Cullayes became part of Servion on 1 January 2012.


Jesse Lingard

Jesse Ellis Lingard (born 15 December 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger. He currently plays for FC Seoul of K League 1. and is currently a free agent. He has won the UEFA Europa League, FA Cup, FA Community Shield, and EFL Cup, being one of only three players to score in all of the latter three finals.

Manchester United Academy

Manchester United

England

Individual

Chexbres

Chexbres is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Roff, Oklahoma

Roff is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Skedee, Oklahoma

Skedee is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Constitutional law

Constitutional law is an area of law that shows how the institutions of a country are organised, and the basic rights rights of citizens. In most countries, such as the United States, this is found in a written text called a constitution. Some countries use a lot of different texts and unwritten rules instead, such as the United Kingdom.

Constitutional law explains how different institutions relate to each other. For example, the relationship between the legislature, executive, and judiciary. In a federal country, constitutional law explains what the powers of the central government and state governments are.

Constitutional law shows citizens what rights they have. Some examples are the United States Bill of Rights, or the European Convention on Human Rights.


Heart (symbol)

The heart symbol is a symbol used to express affection or love, especially if it is romantic. A wounded heart symbol is used to express lovesickness, and is either shown pierced with an arrow or broken into two or more pieces.

Aptivate

Aptivate is an NGO and not-for-profit organisation based in the United Kingdom. 

Aptivate combines good ideas from the commercial software businesses and international development organizations.
It makes ICT services to improve communication for communities that do not have good access to the Internet.

Aptivate made the open source website service called "Loband". The company started on 1 December 2002 with the name "Aidworld". It changed its name to Aptivate in December 2006.

Aptivate is a member of the Humanitarian Centre.

Loband was developed in 2004. Loband simplifies web pages so they download faster over slow Internet connections. This is very useful in poor countries. Loband was originally named "Aidbase".

Aptivate was called Aidworld. It was founded in 2002. Two aid workers in Nepal started the company. They were working for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. They had experienced communications problems in developing countries. They tried to find a way to improve communications. They worked with some friends who had technical knowledge. They founded Aidworld. They started by supporting the humanitarian aid sector.

In 2006, Aidworld changed its name to Aptivate. Since then, Aptivate has been working with other non-profits, charities, NGOs, facilitators and trainers, web/software developers and technical consultants. 

2004
2005
2006
2007


Liverpool Playhouse

The Liverpool Playhouse is a theatre in Williamson Square in the city of Liverpool, England. 

It started in 1866 as a music hall. 

In 1911 it became a repertory theatre. It nurtured the early careers of many actors and actresses. Some of whom went on to achieve national and international reputations. 

Architectural changes have been made to the building over the years. The latest change was in 1968. A modern-style extension was added to the north of the theatre. 

In 1999 a trust was formed. This joined the management of the Playhouse with that of the Everyman Theatre.

In 1866, the present theatre opened. It was named the Star Music Hall. It was designed by Edward Davies. It replaced an earlier theatre called the Star Concert Hall. 

In 1895 its name was changed to the Star Theatre of Varieties. 

In 1898 it was improved by Harry Percival with a new auditorium and foyer. Electricity was installed. 

In 1911 the Liverpool Repertory Theatre Limited was established. Basil Dean was its "controller and producer". The company could not afford to build a new theatre. It bought the Star Theatre for £28,000 (). 
This made it the first repertory in Britain to own the freehold of a theatre. The company spent a further £4,000 () on redesigning and modernising the theatre. 
The auditorium and the basement foyer were redesigned by Stanley Adshead. He was the Professor of Civic Design at the Liverpool School of Architecture. 
The theatre was for many years managed by Maud Carpenter.
The theatre was renamed the Liverpool Repertory Theatre.

In 1916, it was renamed the Liverpool Playhouse. 

In 1961 and 1966, minor structural alterations were made to the theatre. 

In 1968 a modern-style extension was added to the north of the theatre. This was to accommodate new foyers, bars, dressing rooms and a workshop. 

In the 1990s the theatre company went into liquidation.

In 1999 the Liverpool and Merseyside Theatres Trust Limited was established as a charity, and the theatre re-opened. It is managed jointly with the Everyman Theatre by Liverpool City Council.

As a repertory company, the theatre has been involved in the careers of actors and actresses who have later achieved wide fame. Noël Coward and Gertrude Lawrence worked with the company as child actors. Other artistes who gained experience at the theatre include Robert Donat, Lilian Braithwaite, Cecil Parker, John Gregson, Clive Brook, C. Aubrey Smith, Richard Burton, Michael Redgrave, Diana Wynyard, Rex Harrison, Patricia Routledge, Anthony Hopkins, and Richard Briers.

The exterior of the older part of the theatre is stuccoed. It has a slate roof. 

Its entrance faces Williamson Square. It has seven bays and is in three storeys. The central three bays project forward. They are surmounted by a broken pediment. On the ground floor the central bays contain three entrances. These are separated by pillars. These lead to a recessed porch. Over each entrance is an architrave containing a fanlight. The lateral bays contain two round-headed and one flat-headed entrance on each side. There are three blind round windows. In the middle storey the bays are separated by pilasters. The three central bays each have a balustrade and a window with a tympanum containing a roundel. Each of the three lateral bays contains a window with a cornice, and a round window above it. Along the top storey are oculi between panelled pilasters. On the summit of each of the two lateral bays is a cupola on a short Tuscan colonnade. 

Inside the older part of the theatre are two balconies. These are supported by cast iron columns. The interior is decorated in Greek Revival style.

The newer section is constructed in concrete. It is mostly faced by glass. 

On the ground floor are entrance doors. Above this, the building is based around three cylinders. The largest of these starts at the first floor and rises through two storeys. It is cantilevered from a central column. To the left is a smaller cylinder, cantilevered from a separate column, interlocking with the larger cylinder. 

Inside the whole is a hollow column containing the stairs.

The theatre is recorded in the National Heritage List for England. On 14 March 1975, it was designated a Grade II* listed building. 
The list quotes the "Architects' Journal" of 1968. This says the older section is "significant as an early and rare work by one of the pioneers of the Liverpool School of Architecture, in the Grecian style favoured by the school at that date". Of the newer section it says that it is "a brilliant concept, joyously realised, which exploits asymmetrical volumes and ever varying spaces yet achieves unity and also balance with the adjoining Victorian façade". 

In the "Buildings of England" series, the architectural historians Richard Pollard and Nikolaus Pevsner say of the newer section that it is "a spectacular composition which creates an atmosphere of excitement and anticipation, exactly right for a theatre foyer".


Robert Fulton

Robert Fulton (November 14, 1765 – February 25, 1815) was an American engineer and inventor who invented the steamboat. Fulton county (county in the state of Georgia) was named after him.

Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle

Thomas Pelham-Holles (21 July 1693 – 17 November 1768) was 1st Duke of Newcastle upon Tyne and 1st Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyme. He was a British Whig statesman, and the third Prime Minister. He was Prime Minister for two separate terms. He is commonly known as the Duke of Newcastle.

His official life extended throughout the Whig supremacy of the 18th century.
He was a protégé of Sir Robert Walpole, and served under him for more than 20 years until 1742. He held power with his brother, Prime Minister Henry Pelham, until 1754. By then he had served as a Secretary of State continuously for 30 years and dominated British foreign policy.

After Henry's death, the Duke of Newcastle was prime minister for six years in two separate periods. His first premiership (17541756) was not particularly notable: Newcastle partly caused the Seven Years' War, and his weak diplomacy cost him the premiership. After his second term (17571762), he served briefly in Lord Rockingham's ministry, before he retired from government. He was most effective as a deputy to a leader of greater ability, such as Walpole, his brother, or William Pitt the Elder.

VSCO

VSCO (pronounced vis-ko), formerly known as VSCO Cam, is a photography application for smartphones. It was developed by Joel Flory and Greg Lutze in 2011.

Samsung Galaxy S10

Samsung Galaxy S10 is a line of Android-based smartphones manufactured, released and marketed by Samsung Electronics as part of the Samsung Galaxy S series. The Galaxy S10 series is a celebratory series of the 10th anniversary of the Samsung Galaxy S flagship line, its top line of phones next to the Note models. Unveiled during the "Samsung Galaxy Unpacked 2019" press event held on February 20, 2019, the devices started shipping in certain regions such as Australia and the United States on March 6, 2019, then worldwide on March 8, 2019. It is the tenth generation of Samsung's Galaxy S series of smartphones.

As has been done since the Galaxy S6, Samsung unveiled flagship Galaxy S10 and Galaxy S10+ models, differentiated primarily by screen size and an additional front-facing camera on the S10+. In addition, Samsung also unveiled a smaller model known as the Galaxy S10e, as well as a larger, 5G-compatible version, the Galaxy S10 5G. In 2020, a midrange variant, the Galaxy S10 Lite, was also introduced.

The Galaxy S10e, S10 and S10+ launch prices started at $749/£586, $899/£704 and $999/£782, while the S10 5G's launch price was $1299.
On March 6, 2020, Samsung launched the successor to the S10, the Samsung Galaxy S20.

The S10 line comprises five models with various hardware specifications; the main S10 and S10+ respectively feature 6.1 and 6.4-inch 1440p "Dynamic AMOLED" displays with HDR10+ support and "dynamic tone mapping" technology. The displays have curved sides that slope over the horizontal edges of the device. Unlike previous Samsung phones, their front-facing cameras occupy a rounded cut-out near the top-right of the display, and both models use an ultrasonic in-screen fingerprint reader. While providing better performance over the optical in-screen fingerprint readers introduced by other recent phones, they are not compatible with all screen protectors. Due to this, the S10 and S10+ are both supplied with a pre-installed plastic screen protector.

International models of the S10 use the Exynos 9820 system-on-chip, while the U.S. and Chinese models use the Qualcomm Snapdragon 855. The two devices are sold with 128 or 512 GB of internal storage along with 8GB of RAM, with the S10+ also being sold in a 1-terabyte model with 12GB of RAM. They respectively contain 3400 mAh with the standard S10 and 4100 mAh batteries for the S10+ model, supporting Qi inductive charging, and the ability to charge other Qi-compatible devices from their own battery power.

The S10 features a 3-lens rear-facing camera setup; it retains the dual-aperture 12-megapixel and 12-megapixel telephoto lenses of the Galaxy S9+, but now uses a camera module introduced on the Note 9 and also adds a 16-megapixel ultra-wide angle lens. The front-facing camera on the S10+ is accompanied by a second RGB depth sensor, which Samsung states helps improve the quality of photo effects and augmented reality image filters. Both sets of cameras support 4K video recording and HDR10+. The camera software includes a new "Shot Suggestion" feature to assist users, "Artistic Live Filters", as well as the ability to post directly to Instagram posts and stories. S10+ uses a double hole punch design for the front camera, while S10 uses a single hole punch design. The Galaxy S10e and S10 make use of "advanced heat-pipe" cooling systems, but the more expensive Galaxy S10 Plus uses a vapor chamber cooling system.

In the manual mode, the exposure time can be increased up to ten seconds.

Alongside the main S10 and S10+, Samsung also unveiled two additional models. The S10e is a downsized version of the S10, featuring a smaller, flat, 5.8-inch 1080p display with no curved edges. Its fingerprint reader is contained within the power button on the right side rather than in-display, and it excludes the 12-megapixel telephoto camera of the S10. It still includes the dual-aperture 12-megapixel and 16-megapixel ultra-wide-angle sensors. There is also a larger, phablet-sized premium model known as the S10 5G, which features support for 5G wireless networks, a 6.7-inch display, 256 or 512 GB of non-expandable storage, additional 3D time-of-flight cameras on both the front and rear, and a non-user-replaceable 4,500 mAh battery. This model was temporarily exclusive to Verizon Wireless on launch in 2019 before expanding to other carriers in the weeks after launch.

Charging speeds are 45 Watts on the S10 Lite, 25 Watts on the S10 5G and 15 Watts on the S10e.

The S10 series (except S10 Lite) is the last model in the Galaxy S series to feature 3.5 mm headphone jack as its successors, the S20, S20+ and S20 Ultra, do not. 

In January 2020, the S10 Lite was released. It is a midrange variant of the S10, containing the same cameras as the main variant. It features 128 GB of expandable storage, a 6.5 inch 1080p screen on a plastic frame, and a 4,500 mAh battery. This variant removes the 3.5 mm headphone jack featured on all of the 2019 variants of the S10, as well as wireless charging, instead being equipped with 25 watt Super Fast Charging picked up from the Galaxy Note 10. Unlike the main variants, the S10 Lite is only offered with Snapdragon 855 chipset.

Galaxy S10e, S10, and S10+ are available in the colors Prism White, Prism Black, Prism Green, Prism Blue, Cardinal Red, Flamingo Pink and Smoke Blue. Galaxy S10e is also available in Canary Yellow. Galaxy S10 5G comes in the colors Crown Silver, Majestic Black, and Royal Gold. Galaxy S10+ and Galaxy S10+ Performance Edition offer two additional color choices: Ceramic Black and White. The Performance Edition ceramic models offer 12GB RAM and 1TB of internal storage.

The S10 range ships with Android 9.0 "Pie". They are the first Samsung smartphones to ship with a major revamp of Samsung's Android user experience known as One UI. A main design element of One UI is intentional repositioning of key user interface elements in stock apps to improve usability on large screens. Many apps include large headers that push the beginning of content towards the center of the display, while navigation controls and other prompts are often displayed near the bottom of the display instead.

Samsung released the Android 10 update to the Galaxy S10 series on 28 November 2019. The update includes One UI version 2.0.

On 18 August 2020, it was announced by Samsung that all variants of the S10 series would be supported for three generations of Android software updates. 

An official list released by Samsung on December 2, 2020, further confirmed that all S10 models would be receiving the Android 11 upgrade with One UI 3.

The fingerprint scanner had a security flaw that allowed anyone to unlock the phone with a silicone screen protector, which also affected the Note 10. Samsung rolled out a patch to fix this problem on October 23, 2019.

Dan Seifert from "The Verge" gave the S10 a score of 8.5/10, praising its excellent display, performance, battery life, versatile camera system and headphone jack inclusion. However, he noted that the new in-screen fingerprint scanner was slower and more finicky and camera performance was not as good as the Pixel 3's in low light.

Andrei Frumusanu from "AnandTech" reported that the Exynos 9820 performed significantly better than last year's Exynos 9810, although he also stated that the Exynos 9820 still couldn't keep up with the Snapdragon 855. He has not tested the power efficiency of the Exynos 9820 yet.

Marques Brownlee praised the S10's One UI for improving one-handed usability. He labelled the S10+ as one of the few $1000 smartphones that are worth their price tag.

Jeffrey Van Camp from "Wired" rated the S10 9/10 for its all-screen design, fun features, ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, wireless charging with power sharing and headphone jack inclusion. His complaints were that the camera, while fantastic, still couldn't rival the Pixel 3's night shots, it could be difficult to find what the user wanted in the settings menus, wireless power sharing was slow and the edges needed palm rejection.

The S10+ received an overall score of 109 from "DXOMARK"; it had a photo score of 114, a video score of 97, and a selfie score of 96. The S10 5G received an overall score of 112, tying it as the site's top ranked phone at the time along with the P30 Pro. It had a photo score of 117, a video score of 100, and a selfie score of 97.

Sales of the S10 have exceeded that of the preceding S9, with the S10+ being the most popular model followed by the regular S10 and then the S10e.



Jeanine Áñez

Jeanine Áñez Chávez (born 13 August 1967) is a Bolivian lawyer. She was the 81st President of Bolivia from 11 November 2019 to 8 November 2020. She became president following the resignation of President Evo Morales. She was a Senator, representing Beni. She is the second female President of Bolivia.

During this political crisis, and after the resignation of President Evo Morales and other officials in the line of succession, Áñez declared herself next in line to assume the presidency. Áñez declared herself president of the Senate, then used that position to become president, a move that was legally supported. 

Áñez issued a decree removing criminal liability for military and police in dealing with protesters. She oversaw the Senkata and Sacaba massacres. Her government launched numerous criminal investigations into former MAS officials, for which she was accused of political persecution. She ended Bolivia's close links with the governments of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, while bettering relations with the United States. 

After delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic and protests, new elections were held in October 2020. Áñez launched her own presidential campaign, with criticism saying that she was not neutral. She withdrew her candidacy a month before the election after low poll numbers.

In the early hours of 13 March 2021, Áñez was arrested on charges of terrorism, sedition and conspiracy over her actions during the 2019 coup of Evo Morales. In June 2022, she was sentenced to ten years in prison for her role in the 2019 political crisis.


Ringling, Oklahoma

Ringling is a town in Jefferson County, Oklahoma in the United States.

Maracon

Maracon is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2003, the former municipality La Rogivue became part of the municipality called Maracon.

Savigny, Switzerland

Savigny is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Wing coupling

Wing coupling is common in some four-winged insects such as moths. It makes them "functionally dipterous". They are effectively two-winged. The advantage is more efficient flight. 

In many moths the wing coupling is done by a tiny hook going round a tiny spur. In butterflies and some moths the wing coupling is got by wing overlap, rather than hooks.

Sphingid moths have been much studied for their flying ability, especially their ability to move rapidly from side to side while hovering, called "swing-hovering" or "side-slipping". This is thought to have evolved to deal with ambush predators that lie in wait in flowers.

Andijan Region

Andijan Region is a region in Uzbekistan. It is in the far-right part of Uzbekistan. It touches the Namangan Region, the Fergana Region and the country Kyrgyzstan. The region is in the lower part of the Fergana Valley. There are about 3,000,000 people living in the Andijan Region which means there are more people living in Andijan Region for every square kilometer than any other region in Uzbekistan. The capital of the Andijan Region is Andijan. The Andijan Region makes up about 1% of all the land area in Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan was controlled by the Soviet Union from 1924 to 1991. Religion was made illegal and mosques were closed by the Soviet Union. Regardless, the people are mostly Islamic today.
The Andijan Region has 14 administrative districts, 11 cities and 95 villages. The region's hokim is Shuhratbek Abdurahmonov. The people of the Andijan Reigon speak Uzbek.

In 1902 an earthquake in Andijan killed more than 4000 people.

The Andijan Region has natural resources like petroleum, limestone, and natural gas. The region is famous for its sweet watermelons and melons.

Food processing, the chemical industry, and light industry are in the Andijan Region.

The first car construction factory in Central Asia was opened in Asaka in the Andijan Region. Asaka is the capital of the Asaka District in the Andijan Region.

On 13 May 2005, the Uzbek military shot into a large crowd of protestors at the Navoi Square in the city of Andijan. Around 187-700+ people were killed. The people were protesting against the president, Islam Karimov. The military was ordered to shoot the people by Karimov.

Meganisoptera

The Meganisoptera were the giant dragonflies from the Palaeozoic era. They lived in the Pennsylvanian (late Carboniferous) epoch to the late Permian period. The group used to be called Protodonata.

The largest of these dragonflies was "Meganeuropsis" from the early Permian. It had a wingspan of 28 inches (71 cm). Not all this group had giant size, but they were all larger than modern dragonflies.

The modern classification is as follows:


Bitburg

Bitburg (; ; ) is a city in Germany, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate approximately northwest of Trier and northeast of Luxembourg city. 

The American Spangdahlem Air Base is nearby.


Bitburg controversy

The Bitburg controversy involved a ceremonial visit by U.S. President Ronald Reagan to a German military cemetery in Bitburg, a town in extreme western Germany near the border with Luxembourg, in May 1985, designed to celebrate the end of World War II in Europe 40 years earlier. 

The visit caused some controversy, both in the United States and around the world, when it became known that members of the Waffen-SS, the military arm of Nazi Germany's SS ("Schutzstaffel"), were also buried there. The entire SS was judged to be a criminal organisation at the Nuremberg trials. The fact that Reagan had not been scheduled to visit former Nazi concentration-camp sites compounded the controversy, and a trip to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp was later added to his itinerary.

On Sunday 5 May, Reagan and Kohl appeared at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. The U.S. President's speech there, according to "Time", was a "skillful exercise in both the art of eulogy and political damage control." Reagan said:

All these children of God, under bleak and lifeless mounds, the plainness of which does not even hint at the unspeakable acts that created them. Here they lie, never to hope, never to pray, never to live, never to heal, never to laugh, never to cry... And then, rising above all this cruelty, out of this tragic and nightmarish time, beyond the anguish, the pain and suffering, and for all time, we can and must pledge: never again.

Reagan responded about the controversy: "This visit has stirred many emotions in the American and German people too. Some old wounds have been reopened, and this I regret very much, because this should be a time of healing."

Azerbaijan Grand Prix

The Azerbaijan Grand Prix () is a Formula One motor race that was held for the first time in . It is held on the Baku City Circuit, a street circuit in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Sergio Perez Red Bull-Honda 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Sergio Perez Red Bull-Honda RBPT ==References==

Young Adult Library Services Association

The Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA), started in 1957. It is part of the American Library Association. YALSA is a national association of librarians, library workers and people who support libraries. They want to make libraries larger and better help teens. YALSA gives several awards and supports an Young Adult Literature Symposium each year. They also do Teen Read Week, the third week of each October, and Teen Tech Week, the second week of each March. YALSA has over 5,200 members.



Phillip E. Johnson

Phillip E. Johnson (June 18, 1940 – November 2, 2019) was an American writer and law professor. He was the UC Berkeley law professor and co-founder of the pseudo-scientific intelligent design movement. He was an author of the "Wedge strategy" and co-founder of the Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture (CSC) . 

He said of himself "the father of the intelligent design movement". 

Johnson died on November 2, 2019 at his Berkeley, California home at the age of 79.

Shoji Sadao

Shoji Sadao (贞夫翔二, December 20, 1926 – November 2, 2019) was a Japanese American architect. He was best known for his work with R. Buckminster Fuller and Isamu Noguchi. During World War II he was stationed in Germany and was a cartographer for the United States Army. In 1964 Sadao co-founded the architectural firm Fuller & Sadao Inc., whose first project was to design the large geodesic dome for the U.S. Pavilion at Expo 67 in Montreal. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Sadao died on November 3, 2019 in Tokyo from heart and kidney failure, aged 92.

SKEMA Business School

SKEMA Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 7 places, in Suresnes, in Lille, in Belo Horizonte, in Sophia Antipolis, in Raleigh, in Suzhou and in Cape Town. It has been created in 2009 and therefore presents itself as ""At Home Worldwide"".

SKEMA is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Kim Tae-hyung

Kim Tae-hyung () may refer to:


BTS (disambiguation)

BTS may refer to:






List of mountains in the Andes

This is a list of the mountains in the Andes that are at least high. The Andes are the longest exposed mountain range of the world, and the second-highest after the Himalayas. The Andes mountain range is also the highest mountain range outside Asia.



Michael Hanack

Georg Michael Hanack (22 October 1931 – 6 November 2019) was a German chemist. He was a Professor emeritus of Chemistry at the University of Tübingen (Germany). Hanack was born in Luckenwalde, Germany. He was best known for his works on vinyl cations and phthalocyanines. He retired in 2001.


Governor-General of Jamaica

The governor-general of Jamaica represents the queen of Jamaica, Elizabeth II.


Leo Klejn

Lev Samuilovich Kleyn (; 1 July 1927 – 7 November 2019), better known in English as Leo Klejn, was a Russian archaeologist, anthropologist and philologist. He was born in Vitebsk, Belarus. Klejn's first printed work was published in 1955; his first monograph in 1978.



Heinz Höher

Heinz Höher (11 August 1938 – 7 November 2019) was a German footballer and manager. He played for Bayer 04 Leverkusen, Meidericher SV, FC Twente and VfL Bochum. He coached Schwarz-Weiß Essen, VfL Bochum, MSV Duisburg, Fortuna Düsseldorf, Ethnikos Piraeus F.C., PAOK, Olympiacos and 1. FC Nürnberg.

Ivan Maksimović

Ivan 'Ivica' Maksimović (August 12, 1962 – November 7, 2019) was a Serbian rock, Balkan ethnic, folk and pop guitarist. He played in the Yugoslavian heavy metal band Metro, pop-folk band 'Ljute papričice' and was a member of The No Smoking Orchestra. 

Maksimović died on 7 November 2019.

Maria Perego

Maria Perego (8 December 1923 – 7 November 2019) was an Italian animation artist. She was known as the creator of the character Topo Gigio in 1959 with her husband Federico Caldura. She was born in Venice.

Perego died on 7 November 2019 in Milan at the age of 95.

Fred Bongusto

Alfredo Bongusto (6 April 1935 – 8 November 2019), known by his stage name Fred Bongusto, was an Italian light music singer-songwriter and composer. He was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s.

He composed the soundtracks of more than 30 movies, such as "Day After Tomorrow" (1968), "Un Detective" (1969), "The Divorce" (1970), "Come Have Coffee with Us" (1970), "The Eroticist" (1972), "Gli ordini sono ordini" (1972), "Malizia" (1973), "Lovers and Other Relatives" (1974), "Le farò da padre" (1974), "Conviene far bene l'amore" (1975), "Al piacere di rivederla" (1976), "Oh, Serafina!" (1976), "Fantozzi contro tutti" (1980), "Fracchia la belva umana" (1981) and "Superfantozzi" (1986). 

Bongusto died in Rome on 8 November, 2019. He was 84.


Lucette Destouches

Lucette Destouches (20 July 1912 – 8 November 2019) was a French dancer. 

She was married to the writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline until his death in 1961. In his novels, she inspired the character Lili. The character appeared in "Castle to Castle", "North", and "Rigadoon".

Destouches began to teach classical dance. She taught courses with Judith Magre, Françoise Gallimard, Isabelle Gallimard, Ludmilla Tchérina, and members of 2Be3 during their early careers.

Destouches died on 8 November 2019 at her home in Meudon. She was 107.

Edwin Bramall

Field Marshal Edwin Noel Westby Bramall, Baron Bramall, (18 December 1923 – 12 November 2019) was a senior British Army officer. 

Bramall was Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army, between 1979 and 1982, and as Chief of the Defence Staff, professional head of the British Armed Forces, from 1982 to 1985.

On 25 April 2013 Bramall retired from service in the House of Lords. Bramall died at the age of 95 on 12 November 2019.

Salp

A salp is a barrel-shaped, planktic tunicate. 

Salps moves by contracting. This pumps water through their gelatinous bodies. It is one of the most efficient examples of jet propulsion in the animal kingdom. 

The salp pumps water through its internal feeding filters and feeds on phytoplankton.

Salps are common in all seas. The most salps are in the Southern Ocean (near Antarctica), where they may form enormous swarms, often in deep water. They are sometimes even more abundant than krill.

Although salps look similar to jellyfish with their simple body form and behaviour, in fact they are chordates. This means they are animals with a dorsal nerve cord. They are related to vertebrates, animals with backbones.

Admire, Kansas

Admire is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 130 people lived there.

Admire was created in 1886. It was named after one of its creators, Jacob Admire.

The first post office in Admire was created in November 1886.

Admire was a station and shipping point on the Missouri Pacific Railroad. By the mid 1990s, rail service in Admire had been ended, and the tracks are now being used as a rail trail.

Admire is at (38.640995, -96.102009). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Admire is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 130 people, 48 households, and 38 families living in Admire. Of the households, 83.3% owned their home and 16.7% rented their home.

The median age was 39.5. Of the people, 95.4% were White and 3.1% were Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 156 people, 60 households, and 43 families living in Admire.


Agenda, Kansas

Agenda is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 47 people lived there.

Agenda (formerly Neva) was planned out in 1887 on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad line. The name Agenda comes from Latin, meaning "“what ought to be done".

The post office in Agenda was ended in 1998.

Agenda is at (39.706567, -97.432239). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 47 people, 27 households, and 15 families living in Agenda. Of the households, 85.2% owned their home and 14.8% rented their home.

The median age was 61.3. Of the people, 85.1% were White, 4.3% were Native American, and 8.5% were two or more races.

The 2010 census says that there were 68 people, 29 households, and 18 families living in Agenda.


Siege of Ravenna (539–540)

The Siege of Ravenna that took place between the years 539-540, was during Justinian's Gothic War. Ravenna was the capital of the Ostrogothic kingdom.

Belisarius marched on Ravenna while Vitalius was already in the area. Vitalius discovered a grain shipment for Ravenna and captured it. The city surrendered and the Goths left. 

Kathryn Pogson

Kathryn Pogson (born 1954) is an English film and stage actress. 

In 1985, she was in Terry Gilliam's cult film "Brazil". 

In 1986, she received a Drama Desk Award nomination for her performance in the New York production of "Aunt Dan and Lemon".

She grew up in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire. She went to Crossley & Porter Girls' Grammar School. 



Isabel, Kansas

Isabel is a city in Barber County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 68 people lived there.

Isabel was created in 1887. Isabel was named after the daughter of a surveyor.

Isabel is at (37.467151, -98.551517). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 68 people, 23 households, and 17 families living in Isabel. All of the households owned their home.

The median age was 49.0 years. Of the people, 91.2% were White, 2.9% were from some other race, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 90 people, 40 households, and 23 families living in Isabel.


Nirvana discography

The discography of American rock band Nirvana includes three studio albums, three live albums, four compilation albums, twenty-one singles, two extended plays, and two box-sets.

Nirvana formed in Aberdeen, Washington in 1987 by singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic, with the band having many different drummers. The band released its first album, "Bleach", in 1989 on the record label Sub Pop. After being joined by drummer Dave Grohl, the band released its second album "Nevermind", which is now one of the best-selling alternative rock albums of all time. and popularized the Seattle grunge movement and alternative music. The band's third studio album, "In Utero" (1993), was also very popular, but not as popular as "Nevermind". Nirvana ended in 1994 after Cobain died. Some compilation, live and box-set albums were released after this.

Notes
Notes

Inman, Kansas

Inman is a city in McPherson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,341 people lived there.

Inamn was created in 1887. It was called Aiken. Its name changed to Inman, in 1889. It was named after Major Henry Inman. He was the namesake for Lake Inman, located about east of the town.

The history of the name "Inman" is that it is one of many versions of the biblical name "John". 

Inman is at (38.232423, -97.772212). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Inman has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Inman has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,341 people, 528 households, and 329 families living in Inman. Of the households, 74.8% owned their home and 25.2% rented their home.

The median age was 44.0 years. Of the people, 94.6% were White, 0.5% were Black, 0.2% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.8% were from some other race, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,377 people, 513 households, and 347 families living in Inman.

Inman is part of Inman USD 448 school district.



Hormoaning

Hormoaning is an extended play by American rock band Nirvana. It was released on January 27, 1992 through DGC Records. It was only relased in Australia and Japan while the band were touring there.


Ismail Mire

Ismail Mire was the commander in chief of the Darwiish State.

Iuka, Kansas

Iuka is a city in Pratt County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 151 people lived there.

Iuka was created in 1877. It was named after the Battle of Iuka in Iuka, Mississippi. Iuka was once the county seat.

The first post office in Iuka was created in December 1877.

Iuka is at (37.729006, -98.732717). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 151 people, 64 households, and 47 families living in Iuka. Of the households, 73.4% owned their home and 26.6% rented their home.

The median age was 48.8 years. Of the people, 94.0% were White and 6.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 163 people, 79 households, and 49 families living in Iuka.


Jamestown, Kansas

Jamestown is a city in Cloud County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 237 people lived there.

Jamestown was created in 1878. It was incorporated as a city in 1883. It was named after either Senator James Pomeroy, or James P. Pomeroy, a railroad official. A post office was opened in Alva (a ghost town) in 1871, but it was moved to Jamestown in 1878. The town moved itself to the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

In 1911 the entire downtown business area was destroyed by a fire. Few records remain of that fire, but the townspeople rebuilt the downtown commercial area.

On January 28, 2000, another fire burned several buildings on Main Street. It spread to the city hall. The town rebuilt. Mayor Judy Hill said, "A fire like that can destroy a small town, but instead it ignited a community spirit here." In a few days, Jamestown was having town meetings to make plans for the future.

Jamestown is at (39.599548, -97.861255). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 237 people, 105 households, and 72 families living in Jamestown. Of the households, 83.8% owned their home and 16.2% rented their home.

The median age was 43.8 years. Of the people, 92.4% were White, 1.3% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 286 people, 126 households, and 84 families living in Jamestown.

The "Jamestown Settler" was a newspaper that was published from 1977 until 1983. It published once per week. Other papers were published from time to time, including "The Kansas Optimist" from 1904 until 1965 and "The Quill" from 1888-1890.


Brazil (disambiguation)

Brazil is the largest country in both South America and Latin America.

Brazil or Brasil may also refer to:

Note that simple wikipedia uses the word "movie" as the same as "film" for most film pages






Sonic the Hedgehog (movie)

Sonic the Hedgehog is a 2020 adventure movie. It is based on the video game series of the same name by Sega. It is directed by Jeff Fowler from a screenplay by Patrick Casey, Josh Miller, and Oren Uziel.

It was originally going to be released on November 8, 2019, but had been delayed because the old design for Sonic was criticized by fans. The movie was released on February 14, 2020. A sequel to the movie titled "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" released on April 8, 2022.

The film begins with Sonic running away from Dr. Robotnik. The movie then rewinds to the beginning.

Sonic is shown running in Green Hill Zone, bringing back a flower to Longclaw, Sonic's guardian. Longclaw warns Sonic that somebody could have seen him, but Sonic doesn't believe her. It turns out she is right and multiple echidnas had seen him, and they attack them for his speed. Longclaw gives Sonic her rings, and tells him that they can travel between dimensions, and that Sonic should use them if he is ever spotted. Sonic uses the ring and goes to another dimension. He tries to get back to his home realm, but the gateway closes before he could do so.

Ten years later, Sonic eventually finds his way into Earth. There, Tom Wackowski, on parking duty, is bored and is waiting for a car to speed. He finds a turtle, and his speed gun reads "0.01". Then, Sonic passes by, with his speed gun reading 296. He passes by again, this time his gun reads 300. The turtle is in the street, about to get run over when Sonic saves him, and brings him to a forest, and returns home.

Sonic tells the viewers his life, then accidentally drops his rings. He picks them up, and then tells us that if he gets spotted, he will have to migrate to a mushroom planet.

After watching a baseball game, that night, he plays baseball by himself, but realizes that he is alone and runs fast, accidentally causing an explosion that shuts down the electric power across the entire Pacific Coast. The government suggests Dr. Robotnik to figure this out.

Dr. Robotnik joins the investigation, insulting the workers. He uses his technology and one of his drones finds a blue hair left from Sonic. Robotnik identifies this as a "new species".

Seeing he is being hunted, Sonic plots to leave Earth for a different planet; he is reluctant to do so as the planet only consists of fungi. However, Tom discovers Sonic in his shed and tranquilizes him, causing Sonic to accidentally create a portal to the Transamerica Pyramid's tower roof upon reading the writing on Tom's shirt. Sonic accidentally drops his bag of rings on the tower's roof through the warp ring before he passes out. Tom hesitantly agrees to help Sonic and the two flee when confronted by Robotnik, who falsely labels Tom a domestic terrorist. The two slowly bond, with Tom relating to Sonic's desire for friends. Sonic creates a bucket list and Tom helps him complete several entries along their journey.

Meanwhile, Robotnik, discovering that one of Sonic's quills holds an almost limitless amount of electrical energy, plans to capture Sonic to use his powers for his machines. As he tracks them down, Sonic and Tom manage to fight off several mechanized drones called Badniks sent by Robotnik, but Sonic is injured in the battle.

Arriving in San Francisco, Tom brings Sonic to Maddie, who treats him at her sister Rachel's home. Sonic receives a new pair of red sneakers to replace his ruined ones from Rachel's daughter Jojo. The group heads to the roof of the tower and recovers the rings as Robotnik arrives in an advanced attack hovercraft powered by the quill, now decked in a red and pink flight suit and red flight goggles. Sonic fights off Robotnik's Badniks, hastily using one of his Warp Rings to send Tom and Maddie back to a Green Hills farm to protect them after pushing them off the tower; however, Robotnik uses the quill's power to match Sonic's speed. Sonic fights Robotnik in a chase across the world utilizing the Warp Rings before Robotnik subdues Sonic in Green Hills. Tom and the townsfolk intervene, and Tom acknowledges Sonic as his friend, causing Sonic to regain his power. Sonic takes back his quill's power from Robotnik, weakening Robotnik's hovercraft. Sonic also promises himself that he will always use his power to protect his friends. Using his powerful spin attack, Sonic obliterates Robotnik's hovercraft and defeats him by banishing him into a warp ring portal to the mushroom planet.

Following the incident, Tom and Maddie decide to stay in Green Hills and let Sonic live with them, treating him as a surrogate son. The government erases all evidence of the events, including records of Robotnik's existence, rewarding Tom and Maddie with an Olive Garden gift card as a small token of gratitude. Three months later, Robotnik, now bald and with a larger moustache, is still in possession of Sonic's quill and usable equipment salvaged from the remains of his hovercraft, planning his return and revenge against Sonic.



The first trailer for Sonic the Hedgehog movie was released to YouTube on April 2019. However, on the video, it received many more dislikes than likes on the trailer. Many fans were concerned that the Sonic design in the trailer looked too human-like, which made it too creepy to them. Paramount had to delay production of the movie so that they could redesign Sonic.

In the second trailer, many fans praised the new design of Sonic. Sonic now appears more similar to how he appears in the original Sonic games.

"Sonic the Hedgehog" has earned a total earning of $149 million in the United States and Canada, and in other countries, for a worldwide total of . It was the sixth-highest-grossing movie of 2020. It was also highest-grossing superhero movie of the year. It was the first time in a decade that Marvel did not make the top grossing superhero movie of the year. It was also the only year between 2008 and 2021 that Marvel did not release a movie. 

Chatham Islands

The Chatham Islands are a New Zealand archipelago in the Pacific Ocean. They are about east of the South Island of New Zealand. The archipelago is a cluster of about ten islands in radius. The largest are Chatham Island and Pitt Island. 

Some of these islands are now nature reserves to protect the unique flora and fauna.

The Chatham Islands became part of the Colony of New Zealand in 1842.

The Chatham Islands are part of the now largely submerged continent of Zealandia. 

They are the only part of the Chatham Rise above sea level. This means the Chatham Islands are far from the Australian-Pacific plate boundary which causes New Zealand's geology. 

The rocks are a Mesozoic schist basement covered by marine sedimentary rocks. The rocks show sections of basalt from a series of eruptions. Volcanic activity has occurred multiple times since the Cretaceous. At present there is no active volcanism near the Chatham Rise.

Ojos del Salado

Ojos del Salado is a stratovolcano in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile. It is the highest active volcano in the world. It is also the second highest mountain in America.

The first people to reach the top were Justyn Wojsznis and Jan Szczepański in 1937.

Monte Pissis

Monte Pissis is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 3rd highest mountain in the Andes.

The first people to reach the top were the Polish climbers Osiecki and Szczepanski in 1937.

Cerro Bonete

Cerro Bonete is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is also known as Bonete Chico. It is the 5th highest mountain in the Andes.

The mountain remained unclimbed until at least 1970. 

Cerro Bonete (Bolivia)

Cerro Bonete is a volcano, in Sur Lípez Province, Bolivia.

Dick Dearden

Dick L. Dearden (June 3, 1938 – November 2, 2019) was an American politician. He was the Iowa State Senator from the 34th District. A Democrat, he was in the Iowa Senate from 1995 to 2017. Dearden was born in Des Moines, Iowa. 

Dearden died in Des Moines on November 2, 2019 at the age of 81.

Virginia Leith

Virginia Leith (October 15, 1925 – November 4, 2019) was an American actress. She was known for her leading roles in "On the Threshold of Space", "Toward the Unknown", "Violent Saturday" and "A Kiss Before Dying".

She dated actor Marlon Brando in 1956. Leith died on November 4, 2019 at the age of 94.

John Gokongwei

John Lim Gokongwei Jr. (; 11 August 1926 – 9 November 2019) was a Filipino billionaire businessman and philanthropist.

He had holdings in telecommunications, financial services, petrochemicals, power generation, aviation, food, beverage, and livestock farming. Gokongwei also owned Universal Robina Corporation, one of the largest manufacturer of snacks in Southeast Asia. He was the chairman of JG Summit Holdings, one of the largest conglomerates in the Philippines.


Noel Ignatiev

Noel Ignatiev (; December 27, 1940 – November 9, 2019) was an American author and historian. He was best known for his work on race and social class and for his call to end "whiteness". 

Ignatiev was the co-founder of the New Abolitionist Society and co-editor of the journal "Race Traitor", which pushed for the idea that "treason to whiteness is loyalty to humanity"

He also wrote a book on antebellum northern xenophobia against Irish immigrants, "How the Irish Became White". His publisher called him as "one of America's leading and most controversial historians". 

Ignatiev died from an intestine infection at a hospital in Tucson, Arizona on November 9, 2019 at the age of 78.


Brian Mawhinney

Brian Stanley Mawhinney, Baron Mawhinney, PC (26 July 1940 – 9 November 2019) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was a member of the Cabinet of John Major from 1994 until 1997 and a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1979 until 2005. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

Mawhinney died on 9 November 2019 in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, aged 79.

Džemma Skulme

Džemma Lija Skulme (; 20 September 1925 – 9 November 2019) was a Latvian artist and modernist painter. Skulme's personality played an important role in Latvian art development and social life of Latvia in the second half of the 20th century. 

In 1992 she was elected honorary member of the Latvian Academy of Sciences, and received an honorary doctor degree from the Art Academy of Latvia in 1998.

She died on November 9 at the age of 94. 



T. N. Seshan

Tirunellai Narayana Iyer Seshan (15 December 1932 – 10 November 2019) was an Indian politician. He was the 18th Cabinet Secretary of India in 1989. He was appointed the 10th Chief Election Commissioner of India (1990–96) and became known for election reforms. 

He won the Ramon Magsaysay Award for government service in 1996.

He died at his home in Chennai on 10 November 2019 of cardiac arrest, aged 86.

Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey

The V-22 Osprey is a tilt rotor aircraft, meaning it has 2 rotors it can tilt. This makes it so it can fly like a helicopter and an airplane. It can even fly as high as the stratosphere. When the US Military failed Operation Eagle Claw, which was going to rescue some hostages, they wanted to get an aircraft that could take off vertically and was fast. This led to the companies Boeing and Bell Aircraft to work together to make the V-22 Osprey.

István Szívós

István Szívós Jr. (24 April 1948 – 10 November 2019) was a Hungarian water polo player. 

He competed in four consecutive Olympics in 1968–1980 and won a medal in each of them. He also won six gold or silver medals at world and European championships and nine national titles.

He died 10 November 2019 at the age of 71.

Supercarrier

A Supercarrier is a type of Aircraft carrier that is really big. Supercarriers generally weigh over 70,000 tons, or 63,502,932 kilograms.

Don Cherry

Donald Stewart Cherry (born February 5, 1934) is a Canadian former ice hockey commentator. He is also a sports writer, as well as a retired professional hockey player and National Hockey League (NHL) coach.

In 2004, Cherry was voted by viewers as the seventh-greatest Canadian of all-time in the CBC miniseries "The Greatest Canadian".

Cherry played one game with the Boston Bruins, and later coached the team for five seasons.

From 1986 to 2019, Cherry co-hosted "Coach's Corner"—a segment aired during CBC's Saturday-night NHL broadcast "Hockey Night in Canada".

In November 2019, Cherry was fired by Sportsnet from "Hockey Night in Canada" for comments that suggested Canadian immigrants liked military veterans dying and benefited from it.

Premier of the Virgin Islands

The Premier of the Virgin Islands is the head of government for the British Virgin Islands. As a British Overseas Territory, the Premier is appointed by the Governor on behalf of the British monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II. 

The current Premier is Andrew Fahie. He is serving since 26 February 2019.

Andrew Fahie

Andrew Alturo Fahie (, born 7 August 1970) is the 3rd and current Premier of the British Virgin Islands since 26 February 2019. He is also the current Chairman of the Virgin Islands Party in the British Virgin Islands. On April 28, 2022, he was arrested in the United States and charged with drug trafficking and money laundering.

Ralph T. O'Neal

Ralph Telford O'Neal, OBE (December 15, 1933 – November 11, 2019) was a politician in the British Virgin Islands. He was the second longest serving elected representative in the British Virgin Islands. He was Chief Minister (when the office was so titled) or Premier of the British Virgin Islands for two terms. In the length of his tenure he was surpassed only by his predecessor Hamilton Lavity Stoutt.

Orlando Smith

Daniel Orlando Smith, OBE (born 28 August 1944) is the former Premier of the British Virgin Islands. He first won the office when his National Democratic Party won the 2003 general election.

Zeke Bratkowski

Edmund Raymond "Zeke" Bratkowski (October 20, 1931 − November 11, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for fourteen seasons with the Chicago Bears, Los Angeles Rams, and Green Bay Packers. He was born in Danville, Illinois.

Bratkowski died at his home in Santa Rosa Beach, Florida on November 11, 2019 of a heart attack at the age of 88.

Santa Rosa Beach, Florida

Santa Rosa Beach is an unincorporated community in Walton County, Florida, United States. It belongs to the Fort Walton Beach-Crestview-Destin, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Santa Rosa Beach, FL is located at 30.3960324°, -86.2288322°. It is located north of U.S. Route 98 on the shores of Hogtown Bayou of the Choctawhatchee Bay. In fact, it was originally known as Hogtown until the later part of the 18th Century. 

Overall, this zip code covers a land area of 54.5 square miles for a population of 20,567 (8,275 households) according to the 2020 census.

Frank Dobson

Frank Gordon Dobson (15 March 1940 – 11 November 2019) was a British Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Holborn and St. Pancras from 1979 to 2015. 

He worked in the Tony Blair Cabinet as Secretary of State for Health from 1997 to 1999, and was the official Labour Party candidate for Mayor of London in 2000, ultimately finishing third in the election behind Conservative Steven Norris and the winner, Labour-turned-Independent Ken Livingstone. 

Dobson retired at the 2015 general election. 

Dobson died on 11 November 2019 at the age of 79.

Mount Frank Rae

Mount Frank Rae is a mountain in the Yukon, in Canada. It is the highest of the Ogilvie Mountains which are close to Dawson City.

Winston Lackin

Winston Guno Lackin (23 December 1954 – 11 November 2019) was a Surinamese politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Suriname in the cabinet of President Dési Bouterse between 13 August 2010 and 13 August 2015.

Lackin died on 11 November 2019 at his home in Suriname from cancer at the age of 64.

Mekong giant catfish

The Mekong giant catfish ("Pangasianodon gigas") is a rare species of catfish. It is a part of the shark catfish family. It is one of the biggest species of freshwater catfish. It is endemic to the lower half of the Mekong River. Because of overfishing and habitat loss, the fish is now critically endangered. Sometimes, Mekong giant catfish are raised in aquaculture. Today, the fish are almost exclusively founds in Tonlé Sap lake and Tonle Sap river. It is unknown whether this constitutes one population, or whether there are two distinct ones. The fish is closely related to the Iridescent shark, which is also known as Pangasius.

James Le Mesurier

James Gustaf Edward Le Mesurier (25 May 1971 – 11 November 2019) was the British military personnel, humanitarian and volunteer worker. He co-founder of the White Helmets, a volunteer civil defence organisation in the Syrian Civil War. He was a British Army officer in the 1990s and also worked with the United Nations peacekeeping force in the former Yugoslavia. 

He was also the director of the non-profit Mayday Rescue Foundation.

On 11 November 2019, Le Mesurier was found dead in the street of Beyoğlu, Istanbul, in what appears to have been a fall from his balcony. Le Mesurier was found with fractures to his head and legs. The cause of the fall or exact cause of death is under investigation.

Deval Patrick 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Deval Patrick, the former Governor of Massachusetts, began on November 14, 2019, when Patrick announced he was running in the Democratic primaries through a video message.

On February 28, 2018, in response to reports that David Axelrod and Valerie Jarrett wanted him to run for president, Patrick stated on public radio that it was "on my radar screen". On December 6, 2018, Patrick formally announced via Facebook that he would not be running for president in 2020. However, on November 11, 2019, "The New York Times" reported that Patrick was thinking of making a late entry into the presidential race. 

Two days later, it was reported that Patrick will file to run beginning in New Hampshire.

Patrick officially entered the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries on November 14, 2019.

He ended his campaign after the New Hampshire primary on February 12, 2020. In polling, Patrick never reached 1%.

Kieran Modra

Kieran John Modra (27 March 1972 – 13 November 2019) was an Australian Paralympic swimmer and tandem cyclist. He won five gold and five bronze medals at eight Paralympic Games from 1988 to 2016, along with two silver medals at the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games.

Modra died after his bike crashed with a car on the Sturt Highway in Kingsford on 13 November 2019.

Raymond Poulidor

Raymond Poulidor (15 April 1936 – 13 November 2019), nicknamed "Pou-Pou", was a French professional racing cyclist, who rode for his entire career.

He never once wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification in 14 Tours, of which he completed 12. He did win one Grand Tour, the 1964 Vuelta a España.

On 13 November 2019, Raymond Poulidor died in Saint-Léonard-de-Noblat of pulmonary edema. He had been in a hospital for two months prior, having suffered from heart problems.

List of Ultras of Canada

Any mountain that as a topographic prominence of or more is known as an Ultra. There are 143 mountains in Canada that qualify as ultras. This is a sort-able list of them.



Ultra-prominent peak

An ultra-prominent peak, or Ultra for short, is a mountain summit with a topographic prominence of or more. It is also called a P1500.



Coats, Kansas

Coats is a city in Pratt County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 68 people lived there.

Coats was created in about 1887. William A. Coats created it. It was named after himself. Coats was incorporated as a city in 1909.

The first post office in Coats was created in June 1887.

Coats is at (37.51078, -98.825338). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Coats has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Coats has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 68 people, 32 households, and 21 families living in the city. Of the households, 81.3% owned their home and 18.8% rented their home.

The median age was 45.3 years. Of the people, 91.2% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 4.4% were from some other race, and 2.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 83 people, 31 households, and 21 families residing in the city.


Cuba, Kansas

Cuba is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 140 people lived there.

The community was created in 1868 by American southerners going west after the American Civil War. The city got its name from one person who had once lived on the island of Cuba. Other early settlers of Cuba are Czech immigrants from Bohemia that moved to Cuba in the mid-1870s. Originally most of the people of Cuba were of Czech and Austrian descent.

The entire town of Cuba moved to its current place in 1884 in order to be on the railroad that had been built through that territory.

The town has received attention due to its small town American nature documented by photographer Jim Richardson. The city of Cuba and Jim Richardson were shown on the "CBS News Sunday Morning" show in 1983 and in 2004, as well as the May 2004 issue of "National Geographic" magazine.

Cuba is at (39.802346, -97.457422). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 140 people, 69 households, and 40 families living in Cuba. Of the households, 88.4% owned their home and 11.6% rented their home.

The median age was 59.0 years. Of the people, 95.7% were White, 0.7% were from some other race, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 156 people, 79 households, and 48 families living in Cuba.

The Cuba government has of a mayor and five council members. The council meets once a month.

Each year, a local club, The Cuba Booster Club, organizes Czech Day. This is a three-day event. The main activity is people rocking in rocking chairs without stopping. This is called a Rock-A-Thon. Some other activities are an auction and a Czech dinner. Because of Covid 19, Czech Day was not held for two years. 


Jennings, Kansas

Jennings is a city in Decatur County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 81 people lived there.

The first post office at Jennings was created in 1874. The post office there was called Slab City until 1879.

Jennings was planned out in 1888. It was named after Warren Jennings, a landowner.

Jennings was on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

Jennings is at (39.680197, -100.293918). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 81 people, 52 households, and 20 families living in Jennings. Of the households, 82.7% owned their home and 17.3% rented their home.

The median age was 53.5 years. Of the people, 91.4% were White, 3.7% were Native American, 2.5% were Black, and 2.5% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 96 people, 50 households, and 30 families living in Jennings.

Jennings is part of USD 294 Oberlin.


Jewell, Kansas

Jewell is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 370 people lived there.

The City of Jewell started in 1870. It was a big sod area called Fort Jewell. It was named after Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis R. Jewell.

The first post office in Jewell was created in July 1870.

Jewel was incorporated as a city in 1880.

Jewell was on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Jewell is at (39.670941, -98.152795). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 370 people, 175 households, and 90 families living in Jewell. Of the households, 76.0% owned their home and 24.0% rented their home.

The median age was 47.7 years. Of the people, 92.4% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.8% were from some other race, and 5.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 432 people, 208 households, and 113 families living in Jewell.


Anton Körberg

Dan "Anton" Fabian Körberg, (born 19 September 1977) is a Swedish television presenter, musician and actor. 

He is the son of Tommy Körberg och Anki Lidén. He is also the half-brother of musician Avicii. He played the character "Adam Frick" in the TV-series "Vita lögner" (1997–1998) broadcasted on TV3, he has presented the game show ”Pussel” broadcasted on TV4, and the comedy clip show ”All världens reklam” broadcasted on TV11. He has also acted in the TV-series "Karatefylla" broadcasted on TV6.
Körberg plays the drums in the country rockband "Boots On" and also the band "Roxie 77".

Between 2009 and 2015, he was the presenter of the morning show "Morronrock" on the radio station Rockklassiker. As a voice actor he made the swedish voices for the character Spitelout Jorgenson in How to Train Your Dragon (2010), and P.H. in the movie Hop (2011).

Valley Falls, Kansas

Valley Falls is a city in Jefferson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,092 people lived there.

Valley Falls was first called Grasshopper Falls. It was named after the falls in the Grasshopper River (now known as the Delaware River). The first settlement was made there in 1854, and the town was platted in 1855. Many of the town's streets were named after women pioneer settlers.

Valley Falls is at (39.342936, -95.460584). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Valley Falls has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Valley Falls has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Valley Falls is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,092 people, 441 households, and 271 families living in Valley Falls. Of the households, 62.8% owned their home and 37.2% rented their home.

The median age was 39.8 years. Of the people, 89.1% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.9% were from some other race, and 7.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,192 people, 444 households, and 290 families living in Valley Falls.



Vermillion, Kansas

Vermillion is a city in Marshall County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 76 people lived there.

Vermillion was created in 1869 by the railroad company. It was named from the Black Vermillion River.

The first post office in Vermillion was created in May 1870.

Vermillion is at (39.718860, -96.265214). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 76 people, 41 households, and 22 families living in Vermillion. Of the households, 78.0% owned their home and 22.0% rented their home.

The median age was 55.2 years. Of the people, 98.7% were White and 1.3% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 112 people, 54 households, and 28 families living in Vermillion.


Virgil, Kansas

Virgil is a city in Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 48 people lived there.

The first post office in Virgil was created in 1863. The community may be named after Virgil, New York.

Virgil is at (37.980603, -96.011090). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.

Virgil has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Virgil has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 48 people, 23 households, and 12 families living in Virgil.

The 2010 census says that there were 71 people, 35 households, and 21 families living in Virgil.


Victoria, Kansas

Victoria is a city in Ellis County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,129 people lived there.

A group of British people led by a Scotsman named George Grant created Victoria in 1873. They created it on land he had bought from the Kansas Pacific Railway. They named the settlement after Queen Victoria. Grant wanted Victoria to be a ranching community. He was apparently responsible for bringing the first Aberdeen Angus cattle to the United States. Most of the colonists, however, were remittance men more interested in sports and dancing than in raising animals. Their families soon learned of this and lowered the remittances. This caused most of the colonists to leave by 1880. Some returned to Britain; others left for South America.

In 1876, Volga Germans from villages near Saratov, Russia created the settlement of Herzog one half mile north of Victoria. Herzog's Roman Catholic settlers built a many churches. Herzog grew quickly and later took over Victoria, eventually taking the older settlement's name. Herzog was officially renamed Victoria in 1913.

In 1942, the U.S. Army built Walker Army Airfield 3 miles northeast of Victoria. During World War II, thousands were put there at the airfield. The military closed the base in 1946.

In 1966, Interstate 70 reached Victoria, going north of the city.

Victoria is at (38.853758, -99.147397). It has an elevation of 1,926 feet (587 m). It is on Kansas Highway 255 (K-255) south of Interstate 70 in northwestern Kansas. Victoria is about east of Hays (the county seat), northwest of Wichita, and west of Kansas City.

The city is about north of the Smoky Hill River in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. The city is on the east side of the North Fork of Big Creek, part of the Smoky Hill River watershed.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 1,129 people, 479 households, and 308 families living in Victoria. Of the households, 79.5% owned their home and 20.5% rented their home.

The median age was 41.8 years. Of the people, 95.3% were White, 0.5% were Black, 0.2% were Native American, 1.1% were from some other race, and 2.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 1,214 people, 496 households, and 316 families living in Victoria.

Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40 go concurrently east-west about one mile north of Victoria. K-255 goes north-south from I-70 to Victoria's northern city limits.

The Kansas Pacific (KP) line of the Union Pacific Railroad goes northeast-southwest through the southern part of the city.

Water, sewage, and trash are done of the city government. Midwest Energy, Inc. gives electric power. Local residents mostly use natural gas for heating fuel; service is provided by Kansas Gas Service.

Victoria is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.




LGBT rights

Rights affecting lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people vary greatly in different countries and places. In some places same-sex marriage is legal, but in others homosexuals may be punished by death.

As of 2019 same-sex marriage is legal in 28 countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Denmark, Ecuador, Finland, France, Germany, Greenland, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, the United States and Uruguay. However six countries have the death penalty for same-sex sexual acts: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Nigeria (the northern states), Sudan and Somalia (Jubaland region. The death penalty is a possible punishment in six other countries: Afghanistan, Brunei, Mauritania, Pakistan, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. 

In 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council recognized the rights of LGBT people. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights issued a report documenting violations of the rights of LGBT people. This included hate crimes, criminalization of homosexual activity, and discrimination. The United Nations asked all countries to make laws protecting basic LGBT rights.

Vining, Kansas

Vining is a city in Clay and Washington counties in Kansas, United States. In 2020, 43 people lived there.

Vining was first called West Clifton. It was planned out as West Clifton in 1877. It was renamed Vining in 1881, in honor of E. P. Vining, a railroad worker.

Vining was once an important shipping point. This was because it was on the Republican River and at the junction of two railroads.

The post office in Vining closed in 1955.

Vining is at (39.567319, -97.293613). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The city is located next to Clifton.

The 2020 census says that there were 43 people living in Vining. There were 9 households.

The 2010 census says that there were 45 people, 24 households, and 13 families living in Vining.


Viola, Kansas

Viola is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 115 people lived there.

Viola had its start when the Englewood branch of the Santa Fe railroad was extended to that point.

The first post office at Viola was created in 1877, but the post office was called Peotone until 1899.

Viola is at (37.483526, -97.644918). It is southwest of Wichita on Highway 42 at the intersection of Highway 49. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 115 people, 54 households, and 41 families living in Viola. Of the households, 87.0% owned their home and 13.0% rented their home.

The median age was 41.3 years. Of the people, 87.8% were White, 3.5% were Native American, 0.9% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were Asian, 1.7% were from some other race, and 5.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 130 people, 51 households, and 37 families living in Viola.

Viola is served by USD 356 Conway Springs.


Wormwood (Bible)

Worm means bitterness in Hebrew. It is mentioned in the bible in the Book of Revelation.

It says "The third angel sounded his trumpet, and a great star, blazing like a torch, fell from the sky on a third of the rivers and on the springs of water the name of the star is Wormwood. A third of the waters turned bitter, and many people died from the waters that had become bitter". ()

Tom Spurgeon

Thomas Spurgeon (December 16, 1968 – November 13, 2019) was an American writer, historian and editor. He worked in the field of comics, known for his five-year run as editor of "The Comics Journal" and his blog "The Comics Reporter". He was a three time winner of the Eisner Award. Spurgeon was born in Muncie, Indiana.

Spurgeon died on November 13, 2019 in Columbus, Ohio at age 51.


Mümtaz Soysal

Osman Mümtaz Soysal (15 September 1929 – 11 November 2019) was a Turkish professor, political scientist, politician, human rights activist, ex-prisoner of conscience, senior advisor, columnist and author.

Soysal was the 30th Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1994. He was a Member of Parliament at Constituent Assembly in 1961 and Grand National Assembly from 1991 to 1999.

He was elected to Amnesty International International Executive Committee in September 1974. He was the vice-chairman of Amnesty International from 1976 to 1978. He became the first winner of the UNESCO Prize for Human Rights Education in 1978.

Soysal died at the age of 90 on 11 November 2019 at his home in Beşiktaş, Istanbul, Turkey.


Niall Tóibín

Niall Tóibín (; 21 November 1929 – 13 November 2019) was an Irish comedian and actor. He was known for his roles on "Ryan's Daughter", "Bracken", "The Ballroom of Romance", "The Irish R.M.", "Caught in a Free State", "Ballykissangel", "Far and Away", and "Veronica Guerin". 

Tóibín died in Dublin on 13 November 2019, eight days before his 90th birthday.


Protobothrops elegans

Protobothrops elegans is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Japan in the southern Ryukyu Islands. No subspecies are currently recognized. Common names include: elegant pitviper, , and elegant tree viper."


Fob

Fob or FOB may refer to:





List of mountain peaks by prominence

This is a list of the 125 most prominent mountain peaks. Topographic prominence of a peak is the independence of the summit from whatever is around it. It is "the elevation difference between the summit and the lowest contour line encircling it and no higher summit".




Saugus High School shooting

On November 14, 2019, a shooting happened at the Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California. A student killed two other students and injured three others, then killed himself. The Los Angeles County Fire Department responded to the shooting before 8 a.m. 

One of the students was shot in the stomach. One student was found at the school's choir room.

Two students, a 15-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy, were killed.

Two girls, aged 15 and 14, and a boy, aged 14, were injured. Four students were hospitalized at the Henry Mayo Newhall Memorial Hospital, three in critical condition. Two were transported to Providence Holy Cross Medical Center. Aside from all being students of Saugus High School, there there is no known connection between the gunman and the teens shot.

The perpetrator was identified as Nathaniel Tennosuke Berhow (November 14, 2003 November 15, 2019), a student at the school, who turned 16 on the day of the shooting. He shot himself in the head with his last bullet and died the following day. One student said Berhow was a quiet, normal student who ran cross country and was a Boy Scout.

 

Víctor Manuel Pérez Rojas

Victor Manuel Pérez Rojas (17 October 1940 – 12 November 2019) was a Venezuelan Roman Catholic prelate.

Pérez Rojas was ordained to the priesthood in 1965. He was titular bishop of "Tagaria" and was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Calabozo, Venezuela from 1998 to 2001. He later was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de Apure, Venezuela, from 2001 to 2016.

Pérez Rojas died on 12 November 2019 in Caracas from heart failure caused by diabetes at the age of 79.

José Luis Veloso

José Luis Fidalgo Veloso (23 March 1937 – 13 November 2019) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a striker. He played for the La Liga in totals of 84 games and 33 goals over the course of six seasons, representing Deportivo and Real Madrid. Veloso played for the national team for a year between 1962 to 1963. He was born in Santiago de Compostela, Spain.

Veloso died on 13 November 2019 at the age of 82.

Branko Lustig

Branko Lustig (10 June 1932 – 14 November 2019) was a Croatian movie producer. He was best known for winning Academy Awards for Best Picture for "Schindler's List" and "Gladiator". He is the only Croatian to win two Academy Awards. 

He was a Holocaust survivor and was imprisoned at the Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen camps during World War II as a child.

Lusting died in Zagreb, Croatia of heart failure on 14 November 2019 at the age of 87.

Parent peak

Parent peak is a concept in topography that is used to help find the prominence of a peak. The parent peak is a higher mountain that is often (but not always) nearby. It is chosen using a variety of criteria. Every peak has a parent peak except for those that are the highest points on an island or continent.

Col

The col is a concept in topography. It is the lowest point on a mountain ridge between two peaks. 

In order to find out the prominence of a peak, a key col is used. This is the highest col between the peak and its parent peak.

Tampa, Kansas

Tampa is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 105 people lived there.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Herington through Tampa to Pratt.

The Golden Belt Town Company filed the plat for Tampa in 1887. The city name is said to have been suggested by a railroad engineer who rode one of the first trains through Tampa. Tampa was incorporated as a city in 1908.

A post office was created in Tampa on April 17, 1888.

Tampa is at (38.548087, -97.154181). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 105 people, 51 households, and 32 families living in Tampa. Of the households, 64.7% owned their home and 35.3% rented their home.

The median age was 40.5 years. Of the people, 86.7% were White, 1.0% were from some other race, and 12.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 112 people, 48 households, and 27 families living in Tampa.

The Tampa State Bank and Tampa Cafe are in Tampa.

Tampa is part of Unified School District 397.




Towanda, Kansas

Towanda is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,447 people lived there.

Towanda was created in 1870. It was incorporated in 1905. Towanda is an Osage-language name meaning "many waters".

The town was damaged badly by a cyclone in 1892.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built a few blocks west of Towanda. There was a lot of controversy about tax exemption and environmental concerns (if a leak ever happens).

Towanda is at (37.795921, -96.999380). It is along the Whitewater River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,447 people, 528 households, and 382 families living in Towanda. Of the households, 76.3% owned their home and 23.7% rented their home.

The median age was 35.2 years. Of the people, 89.7% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 1.3% were Black, 0.3% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,450 people, 524 households, and 397 families living in Towanda.

Towanda is home to the district office of Circle USD 375. Circle USD 375 covers about 175 square miles.



Tescott, Kansas

Tescott is a city in Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 265 people lived there.

Tescott was planned out in 1866. The city was named after T.E. Scott, an early settler. 

On May 1st 2018, an EF3 wedge tornado hit the area near the city. It damaged one house.

Tescott is at (39.012005, -97.878140). The United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Tescott has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Tescott has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Tescott is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 265 people, 121 households, and 68 families living in Tescott. Of the households, 82.6% owned their home and 17.4% rented their home.

The median age was 48.8 years. Of the people, 89.1% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 10.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 319 people, 129 households, and 86 families living in Tescott.

Tescott is part of Twin Valley USD 240 school district. The district has two high schools; Bennington High School and Tescott High School.


Thayer, Kansas

Thayer is a city in Neosho County, Kansas, United States. In 2020 census, 432 people lived there.

Thayer was planned out in the fall of 1870. This is when the railroad was extended to that point. It was named after Nathaniel Thayer, a railroad employee. The town was built up quickly and was incorporated as a city in 1871.

Thayer is at (37.487127, -95.476237). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Thayer has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Thayer has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 432 people, 191 households, and 131 families living in Thayer. Of the households, 62.8% owned their home and 37.2% rented their home.

The median age was 41.5 years. Of the people, 89.1% were White, 0.9% were Native American, 0.5% were from some other race, and 9.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 497 people, 197 households, and 136 families living in Thayer.

Thayer is part of USD 447 Cherryvale.



Timken, Kansas

Timken is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 38 people lived there.

Timken was named after a land speculator, Henry Timken. He bought land in which he believed that the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railroad would be building. When Henry Timken sold the land to the railroad, one of the requirements was that the town was named after him. After a year, lumber mill, railroad depot, grocery store, and even a bowling alley would be created in the town. The town was settled mainly by immigrants from Czechoslovakia, Bohemia and Moravia.

A post office was opened in Timken in 1888. It was used until 1996.

Timken is at (38.473175, -99.177998). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 38 people, 19 households, and 9 families living in Timken.

The 2010 census says that there were 76 people, 29 households, and 17 families living in Timken.


Tipton, Kansas

"This is about the town in Kansas, USA. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."
Tipton is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 193 people lived there.

Tipton was first called Pittsburg. It was created as Pittsburg in 1872. The people realized that another Pittsburg existed in Kansas, so they changed the name to Tipton. It was named after Tipton, Iowa, the former home of a local resident.

Tipton is at (39.33951, -98.470904). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 193 people, 99 households, and 58 families living in Tipton. Of the households, 85.9% owned their home and 14.1% rented their home.

The median age was 53.5 years. Of the people, 94.3% were White, 0.5% were Black, and 5.2% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 210 people, 98 households, and 57 families living in Tipton.


List of Ultras of Mexico

Any mountain that as a topographic prominence of or more is called an Ultra. There are 26 mountains in Mexico that qualify as ultras. This is a sortable list of them:



Turon, Kansas

Turon is a city in Reno County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 309 people lived there.

Turon was created in 1886. It was incorporated as a city in 1905.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a main line from Herington through Turon to Pratt.

Turon is at (37.807415, -98.427061). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
Turon has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Turon has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 309 people, 128 households, and 76 families living in Turon. Of the households, 79.7% owned their home and 20.3% rented their home.

The median age was 38.5 years. Of the people, 75.1% were White, 1.3% were Native American, 6.5% were from some other race, and 17.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 387 people, 159 households, and 98 families living in Turon.


Tyro, Kansas

Tyro is a city in Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 177 people lived there.

Tyro was planned out in the fall of 1886 when the Denver, Memphis & Atlantic railroad was first extended to that point. It was named from the English word tyro, which also means "beginner" or "novice".

Tyro was incorporated as a city in 1906.

Tyro is at (37.035742, -95.821679). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 177 people, 72 households, and 51 families living in Tyro. Of the households, 88.9% owned their home and 11.1% rented their home.

The median age was 39.9 years. Of the people, 85.3% were White, 5.6% were Native American, 1.1% were Black, 0.6% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 220 people, 88 households, and 61 families living in Tyro.


Joanna Macy

Joanna Rogers Macy (born May 2, 1929), is an American environmental activist, author, scholar of Buddhism, general systems theory, and deep ecology. She is the author of eight books. Her best known work is "Coming Back to Life: Practices to Reconnect Our Lives, Our World". 



María Baxa

María Baxa (15 April 1946 – 14 November 2019) was a Croatian-born Italian-Serbian movie actress and model. She was born in Osijek, Croatia. She was known for her roles in Sex comedy movies. Her best known roles include: "Sex with a Smile II", "Deadly Chase" and "Candido Erotico".

Baxa died at her apartment in Belgrade, Serbia on 14 November 2019 at the age of 73.

Dennis Prager

Dennis Prager is an American Jewish author and radio host who co-wrote a book about questions people ask about Judaism with an Orthodox Jewish rabbi named Joseph Telushkin. They also wrote a book about anti-Semitism and the reason for it. Prager is a conservative and is a Republican. Prager started a website called Prager University which promotes right-wing ideas using short educational videos; he appears in some of the videos himself. Prager was very critical of Donald Trump when Trump was trying to become the Republican candidate for President of the United States but supported him when he ran against Hillary Clinton. He is now in the movie "No Safe Spaces" with Adam Carolla.

In October 2021, Prager announced that he was sick with COVID-19. He said that he got the disease on purpose because getting the virus was better than getting a vaccine. Though he later said he had meant to say that he wasn’t worried about getting COVID.


Bob Johnson (infielder)

Robert Wallace Johnson (March 4, 1936 – November 12, 2019), nicknamed "Rocky", was an American professional baseball player. He played as a utility infielder and pinch hitter. Johnson appeared in 11 Major League Baseball seasons, from 1960 through 1970. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

Johnson played for Kansas City Athletics, Washington Senators, Baltimore Orioles, New York Mets, Cincinnati Reds, Atlanta Braves, St. Louis Cardinals and Oakland Athletics.

Johnson died on November 12, 2019 at his home in St. Paul, Minnesota at the age of 83.

Linda Lavin

Linda Lavin (born October 15, 1937) is an American actress and singer. She is known for playing the main character in the sitcom "Alice" and for her stage roles both on Broadway and Off-Broadway.

She had her first Tony Award nomination in "Last of the Red Hot Lovers" in 1970. In 1987, she won a Tony Award for her role in "Broadway Bound". Lavin won two Golden Globe Awards in 1978 and 1979.


Interstellar cloud

An interstellar cloud is a denser-than-average part of the interstellar medium, (ISM). It is matter and radiation in the space between the star systems in a galaxy. 

An interstellar cloud is formed by the gas and dust particles from a red giant in its later life.

The cloud is made of gas, plasma, and dust in our and other galaxies. 

Its hydrogen can be:

Neutral and ionized clouds are sometimes also called "diffuse clouds". 

H I region

An HI region or H I region ("H one") is a cloud in the interstellar medium composed of neutral atomic hydrogen (HI).

These regions do not emit detectable visible light (except in spectral lines from metal elements). 

H I regions are clouds of neutral hydrogen which glow faintly with infrared light. Because they are common in our galaxy, they obscure distant views at extreme ultraviolet and soft x-ray wavelengths. An exception is the Lockman Hole, through which we have a fairly clear window to distant objects. 

Another window into deep space is the Chandra Deep Field South. This was chosen for the Chandra X-ray Observatory satellite.

Lockman Hole

The Lockman Hole is an area of the sky which is like a clear window into far distant space.

From our position in the Milky Way galaxy, most directions are partly blocked or obscured by H I clouds of neutral hydrogen. These glow faintly with infrared light and obscure distant views at extreme ultraviolet and soft x-ray wavelengths. 

The H I clouds interfere with observations at those wavelengths in nearly all other directions. So the Lockman Hole is an attractive area of the sky for observational astronomy surveys. It is near the pointer stars of the Big Dipper in the constellation Ursa Major. is about 15 square degrees in size, and is named after its discoverer, astronomer Jay Lockman.

Chandra Deep Field South

The Chandra Deep Field South (CDF-S) is an image taken by the Chandra X-ray Observatory satellite. 

The location has, like the Lockman Hole, a relatively clear "window" through the clouds of neutral hydrogen gas in our Milky Way galaxy. This allows us to clearly see the rest of the universe in X-rays. 

The image is centered on a patch of sky in the Southern Hemisphere Fornax constellation. This region was selected because it has much less galactic gas and dust to obscure distant sources.

More observations was taken between 2000 and 2010. The Chandra Deep Field South is the single target where Chandra has observed the longest.

Koyra Madinabad Model Secondary School

Koyra Madinabad Model Secondary School is a secondary schools of the southern part of Khulna district under Koyra Upazila of Khulna District in Bangladesh. The institute was established in the middle of the 19th century. The school was upgraded into a model through governmentalization and the education system was introduced from class sixth to twelfth. Out of which the technical curriculum has been included.

The school was established at Koyra Sadar on 1962. After a long time progress, the government was formalized as a Govt. and model school on 7th October 2018.



List of Ultras of the United States

Any mountain that has a topographic prominence of or more is known as an Ultra. There are 128 mountains in the United States that qualify as ultras. This is a sort-able list of them.



Nintendo Entertainment System (Model NES-101)

The NES-101 model is a model of the NES. It loads cartridges from the top, like the SNES. 

Nintendo GameCube Broadband Adapter and Modem Adapter

The GameCube Adapter is a device that allows the Nintendo GameCube to access a limited broadband internet connection.

NES Four Score

The NES Four Score is a video game controller port that allows for four players to plug in controllers. Only certain games use it. 

Dearing, Kansas

Dearing is a city in Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 382 people lived there.

The first post office in Dearing was created in January 1888. The city was incorporated in 1909.

Dearing is at (37.058083, -95.709824). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the census of 2020, there were 382 people, 171 households, and 114 families living in the city. Of the households, 80.1% owned their home and 19.9% rented their home.

The median age was 50.3 years. Of the people, 77.5% were White, 6.0% were Native American, 1.0% were Asian, 0.3% were Pacific Islanders, and 15.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the people.

As of the census of 2010, there were 431 people, 187 households, and 124 families living in the city.


Ben Shapiro

Benjamin Aaron Shapiro (born January 15, 1984) is an American, lawyer, businessman, columnist, and conservative commentator. Shapiro is pro-life and supports capital punishment. Shapiro has criticized the media for being too left-wing. 

Shapiro is Jewish.

Shapiro has interviewed many right-wing politicians and media people. Shapiro was mentioned by name in a leaked Google e-mail about radical YouTube content which called Shapiro, Jordan Peterson and Dennis Prager Nazis.

"The Economist" published an interview with him calling him alt-right but then said that he was a critic of the alt-right, apologized, and described him as "radical conservative". He writes for some newspapers and magazines including "The Washington Post". "The Atlantic" and "The New York Times" describe his political philosophy as either conservatism or extreme conservatism.

Shapiro has often said "Facts don't care about your feelings."

Shapiro argued that transgenderism should not have been removed from the DSM as a mental illness.

Shapiro has written eleven books, including "The Right Side of History" and "How to Destroy America in Three Easy Steps".


Spring Hill, Kansas

Spring Hill is a city in Johnson and Miami counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. In 2020, 7,952 people lived there.

In 1856, James B. Hovey named the community after a town near Mobile, Alabama. Hovey was the community's first postmaster. Hovey built the first building in town in 1856. It was the Spring Hill Hotel.

In January 1859, Celia Ann Dayton, a doctor from Vermont, moved to Spring Hill. She became the first female doctor in Kansas.

In the fall of 1862, Spring Hill was not attacked by Quantrill's Raiders. This is because a farmer talked to them on their way. He convinced them there were soldiers in town. There were not any soldiers in town. This stopped them from continuing. However, in 1863, the Quantrill Raiders did come to Spring Hill. They looted businesses stole from local farmers. At least one person was killed.

By the 1870s, Spring Hill was growing in number of people and commerce. However, a railroad to come right through the town wanted to go around Spring Hill unless the town paid $15,000. The people did not want to share the costs, so the railroad was moved to about a half-mile east of the town square. The town's businesses then quickly moved closer to the train depot and tracks.
On May 20, 1957 around 7:00 p.m., an F5 tornado, known as the Ruskin Heights tornado, hit Spring Hill. The only deaths in Spring Hill were the Davis Family, including Isam Davis, his wife Barbara, and their daughters Tamara and Pamela. A neighbor said they were killed when they were trying to leave their home and make it to their car to get away from the tornado. Their home was completely destroyed by the tornado. Their bodies were found close to 207th Street and US 169 Highway (present day Webster Street). Davis Street in Spring Hill is named after the family.

Spring Hill is at (38.745316, -94.829261). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 7,952 people, 2,763 households, and 2,133 families living in Spring Hill. Of the households, 78.7% owned their home and 21.3% rented their home.

The median age was 35.2 years. Of the people, 88.0% were White, 2.0% were Black, 0.7% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 1.6% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 5,437 people, 1,919 households, and 1,447 families living in Spring Hill.

Spring Hill is part of the Spring Hill School District (USD 230).



NES Satellite

The NES Satellite is a controller port for the NES. It is wireless. It also allows for four players to play NES games

Mulvane, Kansas

Mulvane is a city in Sedgwick and Sumner counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 6,286 people lived there.

Mulvane was planned out in 1879. It is at the junction of five Santa Fe rail lines. It is named after Joab R. Mulvane, a railroad official who was importatnt in bringing the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railroad to Mulvane.

Mulvane's Main Street follows part of the Sedgwick and Sumner county lines. The town center is about five miles west of the spot where Sedgwick, Sumner, Butler and Cowley counties meet.

Mulvane is at (37.479746, -97.242309). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Mulvane is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,286 people, 2,338 households, and 1,656 families living in Mulvane. Of the households, 75.7% owned their home and 24.3% rented their home.

The median age was 37.0 years. Of the people, 89.0% were White, 1.0% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.5% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.6% were from some other race, and 8.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 6,111 people, 2,244 households, and 1,661 families living in Mulvane.

Mulvane is part of Mulvane USD 263.



Classic Controller

The Classic Controller is a controller for the Nintendo Wii. It has a more traditional layout compared to the Wii Remote.

Basehor, Kansas

Basehor is a city in Leavenworth County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. In 2020, 6,896 people lived there.

Basehor is at (39.135325, -94.929047). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,896 people, 2,531 households, and 1,968 families living in Basehor. Of the households, 82.1% owned their home and 17.9% rented their home.

The median age was 39.1 years. Of the people, 87.7% were White, 2.4% were Black, 1.2% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 1.4% were from some other race, and 6.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,613 people, 1,751 households, and 1,337 families living in Basehor.

Basehor is served by USD 458 Basehor Linwood. The district high school is Basehor-Linwood High School located in Basehor.


H.O.T. (band)

H.O.T. is a South Korean boy band that formed in 1996. They are thought of as the first K-pop "idol group". Their formula became the model for many K-pop groups that have followed since. The members are: Moon Hee-joon, Jang Woo-hyuk, Tony An, Kangta, and Lee Jae-won.

H.O.T. was successful in South Korea, China, and Japan. They were among the first stars of the Korean Wave in Asia.

The group broke up in 2001 after a disagreement with SM Entertainment. However, they later reunited in 2018.

H.O.T. was formed in 1996 by record producer Lee Soo-man of SM Entertainment. Lee had done a survey of high school students to find out what their ideal pop group would be like. He used this information to create H.O.T.

The first member to join was Kangta, who Lee discovered at an amusement park. Next to join were Moon Hee-joon and Lee Jae-won. The fourth to join was Jang Woo-hyuk who Lee found when he won first place in a dance contest. Finally, Tony An joined the group after an audition in Los Angeles.

H.O.T. made their first album in September 1996. It is called "We Hate All Kinds of Violence" and sold 1.5 million copies. Their first single was "Descendants of Warriors" which was a criticism of bullying. Their second single, "Candy," was a cheerful bubblegum pop song. That year, H.O.T. won Best New Artist at the Golden Disc Awards.

In July 1997, H.O.T. released their second album. It has the title "Wolf and Sheep," and sold 1 million copies in ten days. The album included the singles "Wolf and Sheep," "Happiness," and "We Are the Future". The album won the Grand Prize at both the 1997 Golden Disc Awards and the 1997 Seoul Music Awards. The song "We Are the Future" was also nominated for an International Viewer's Choice Award at the 1998 MTV Video Music Awards.

By this time, H.O.T. had become a "social sensation" in South Korea. With their success came the rise of K-pop fan culture.

In 1997, H.O.T. made their first Chinese album.

H.O.T. released their third album in September 1998. The title is "Resurrection" and it included a variety of styles. It had sold more than 1.1 million copies by the following year. At the 1998 Seoul Music Awards, it was awarded the Grand Prize.

Some accused the group of plagiarism as their song "Line Up!" was similar to a song by Rage Against the Machine.

H.O.T. made greatest hits album in April 1999. Then in June, they sang with Michael Jackson and S.E.S. at a concert in Seoul.

In September 1999, H.O.T. released their fourth album. It had the title "I Yah!". The title track is about a 1999 fire that killed kindergarten students at the Sealand Youth Training Center in South Korea. The album sold more than 1.3 million copies. That month, H.O.T. also became the first K-pop group to perform at the Seoul Olympic Stadium.

In February 2000, H.O.T. held their first concert in China. As a result they became popular in China. This inspired other South Korean groups to also hold concerts in China.

In September they released their fifth called "Outside Castle".

That year, the group also starred in the sci-fi movie "Age of Peace". Despite H.O.T.'s popularity at the time, the movie was not a hit.

H.O.T. announced in May 2001 that the group would break up. The members told the public that this was due to a contract dispute with S.M. Entertainment. In the following days, hundreds of fans protested outside of S.M. Entertainment. Some fans blocked roads and threw rocks at the company's windows.

In February 2018, H.O.T. appeared as a group on the South Korean television show "Infinite Challenge". This was their first appearance as a group since 2003.

On October 13 and 14, the group held a reunion concert at the Seoul Olympic Main Stadium with 100,000 present.




Montpreveyres

Montpreveyres is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Saint-Saphorin

Saint-Saphorin is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is on the shore of Lake Geneva.


Altamont, Kansas

Altamont is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,061 people lived there.

Altamont had started in 1879 when a railroad was built through there. The first people of Altamont was the Huston family. When they went to the nearby town of Oswego, people would ask them where they lived. They would say about a mile east of the lone tree. Since there were not many trees in Kansas at the time, it was easy to know what tree they were talking about. It was named after Altamont, Illinois. Altamont was incorporated in 1884.

Altamont is at (37.189803, -95.293529). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Altamont has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Altamont has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,061 people, 428 households, and 301 families living in Altamont. Of the households, 70.8% owned their home and 29.2% rented their home.

The median age was 38.2 years. Of the people, 84.9% were White, 1.9% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.8% were some other race, and 11.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,080 people, 419 households, and 291 families living in Altamont.

Altamont is served by Labette County USD 506 school district. 

The Labette County High School mascot is the Grizzlies, and their colors are red and gold.


Abbyville, Kansas

Abbyville is a city in Reno County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 83 people lived there.

Abbyville was a station on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The town was named after Abby McLean, the first baby born there.

The first post office in Abbyville was created in 1886. It was moved from Salt Creek.

Abbyville is at (37.970576, -98.202961). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of 0.27 square miles (0.69 km). All of it is land.

Abbyville has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Abbyville has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 83 people, 42 households, and 32 families living in Abbyville. Of the households, 90.5% owned their home and 9.5% rented their home.

The median age was 61.3. Of the people, 95.2% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 2.4% were from some other race, and 1.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino were 2.4% of the population.

The 2010 census says that there were 87 people, 42 households, and 29 families living in Abbyville.


Assaria, Kansas

Assaria is a city in Saline County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 428 people lived there.

Assaria was planned out in 1879. The first post office in Assaria was created in September 1879.

Assaria is at (38.680203, -97.604142). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

It is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 428 people, 169 households, and 117 families living in Assaria. Of the households, 83.4% owned their home and 16.6% rented their home.

The median age was 40.7 years. Of the people, 95.8% were White, 0.7% were Black, 0.9% were from some other race, and 2.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 413 people, 159 households, and 122 families living in Assaria.

Assaria is served by USD 306 Southeast of Saline.


Altoona, Kansas

Altoona is a city in Wilson County, Kansas, United States. it is along the Verdigris River. In 2020, 354 people lived there.

Altoona was first called Geddesburg when it was created in 1869. It was renamed Altoona in 1870. It was named after Altoona, Pennsylvania. The first post office in Altoona was created in April 1870.

Altoona grew a lot when a railroad was built through it in 1885.

As of 1916, Altoona was a sundown town, which is a town where black people were not allowed to live.

Altoona is at (37.526796, -95.661903). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 354 people, 140 households, and 84 families living in Altoona. Of the households, 79.3% owned their home and 20.7% rented their home.

The median age was 40.2 years. Of the people, 89.8% were White, 1.1% were Native American, 1.1% were from other races, and 7.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 414 people, 165 households, and 111 families living in Altoona.



Americus, Kansas

Americus is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 776 people lived there.

Americus was planned out in Fall 1857. It was named after Amerigo Vespucci.

Americus was a station and shipping point on the Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad.

Americus is at (38.506448, -96.259598). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Americus is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 776 people, 324 households, and 216 families living in Americus. Of the households, 79.0% owned their home and 21.0% rented their home.

The median age was 39.9 years. Of the people, 92.0% were White, 0.8% were from some other race, and 7.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 894 people, 354 households, and 251 families living in Americus.

Americus is served by USD 251 North Lyon County. The Northern Heights High School mascot is Wildcats.



Athol, Kansas

Athol is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 41 people lived there.

Athol was created in 1888. The first post office in Athol was created in February 1888.

Athol was a station and shipping point on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

In the 1870s, the song "Home on the Range" was written by Dr. Brewster Higley in a cabin north of Athol.

Athol is at (39.766191, -98.919748). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 41 people, 25 households, and 19 families living in Athol. Of the households, 88.0% owned their home and 12.0% rented their home.

The median age was 46.8 years. All of the people were White and none were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 44 people, 17 households, and 14 families living in Athol.


Agra, Kansas

Agra is a city in Phillips County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 208 people lived there.

Agra was first settled in 1888. It was incorporated in 1904. Agra was a station on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad. It was named after Agra in India.

Agra is at (39.761262, -99.119427). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 208 people, 101 households, and 60 families living in Agra. Of the households, 83.2% owned their home and 16.8% rented their home. Children under age 18 lived in 13.9% of the households.

The median age was 54.0. Of the people, 92.3% were White, 1.0% were Native American, 1.4% were some other race, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 267 people, 116 households, and 78 families living in Agra.


Andale, Kansas

Andale is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 941 people lived there.

Andale was created in the early 1880s. The city's name is a portmanteau of the last names of two families of early settlers, the Andersons and Dales.

Andale was a station and shipping point on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Andale is at (37.791221, -97.629156). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Andale is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 941 people, 307 households, and 244 families living in Andale. Of the households, 84.7% owned their home and 15.3% rented their home.

The median age was 31.1 years. Of the people, 96.0% were White, 0.3% were Black, 0.4% were some other race, and 3.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 928 people, 290 households, and 236 families living in Andale.

Andale is part of the Renwick USD 267 public school district. Andale has one high school and one elementary school. Andale High School's mascot is the Andale Indians. The school colors are black and gold.


Albert, Kansas

Albert is a city in Barton County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 132 people lived there.

Albert was created in the early 1880s. It was named after Albert Kraisinger, a store owner. Albert was a station on the Great Bend and Scott part of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.

Albert is at (38.453959, -99.011129). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 132 people, 64 households, and 42 families living in Albert. Of the households, 98.4% owned their home and 1.6% rented their home. Children under age 18 lived in 20.3% of the households.

The median age was 54.5. Of the people, 93.9% were White, 0.8% were Native American, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 175 people, 77 households, and 58 families living in Albert.

Alden, Kansas

Alden is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. In 2020 census, 122 people lived there.

Alden was created in 1872. It was a station on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Alden was named after Alden Speare, a railroad employee. The first post office in Alden was established in 1882.

Alden is at (38.243839, -98.31173). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 122 people, 39 households, and 28 families living in Alden. Of the households, 89.7% owned their home and 10.3% rented their home.

The median age was 48.7 years. Of the people, 94.3% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.8% were from some other race, and 3.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 148 people, 61 households, and 47 families living in Alden.


Allen, Kansas

Allen is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 160 people lived there.

Allen was created in 1854. It was incorporated as a city in 1909.

Allen was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Allen is at (38.656472, -96.170511). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Allen has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Allen has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Allen is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 160 people, 77 households, and 44 families living in Allen. Of the households, 68.8% owned their home and 31.2% rented their home.

The median age was 43.0 years. Of the people, 87.5% were White, 1.9% were Asian, 4.4% were some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 177 people, 77 households, and 46 families living in Allen.

The 2000 census says that there were 211 people, 83 households, and 62 families living in Allen.

Allen is part of USD 251 North Lyon County. The Northern Heights High School is in Allen. The Northern Heights High School mascot is Northern Heights Wildcats.


Missouri Pacific Railroad

The Missouri Pacific Railroad , often shortened to MoPac and called The Mop, was one of the first railroads in the United States west of the Mississippi River.

Union Pacific Corporation, the parent company of the Union Pacific Railroad, agreed to buy the Missouri Pacific Railroad on January 8, 1980.


Koyra Upazila

Koyra () is an Upazila of Khulna District in the Division of Khulna, Bangladesh.It's the 2nd largest Upazila in Bangladesh.

Koyra is located at . It has 28,061 households and a total area 1775.41 km².

Wendell Bell

Wendell Bell (September 27, 1924 – November 8, 2019) was a futurist and sociologist. He was the Professor Emeritus of Sociology at Yale University. His work area were sociology, social class, race, family life and future studies. He founded the Yale Program of African American Studies. He retired in 1995.

Bell died on November 8, 2019 at the age of 95. 

Vladimir Hotineanu

Vladimir Hotineanu (1 October 1950 – 15 November 2019) was a Moldovan surgeon and politician. He was the Health Minister of Moldova in the First Vlad Filat Cabinet from 2009 to 2011, and deputy in Moldovan Parliament from 2014 to 2019. He was born in Kyzylorda, Soviet Union.

Hotineanu died on 15 November 2019 at a hospital in Chișinău at the age of 69.

Irv Noren

Irving Arnold Noren (November 29, 1924 – November 15, 2019) was an American professional baseball and basketball player. He was an outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1950 through 1960 for the Washington Senators, New York Yankees, Kansas City Athletics, St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Dodgers. 

He also played for the National Basketball League's Chicago American Gears in 1946–47. 

Later in his baseball career, Noren was a minor league manager and the third-base coach of the 1972–73 World Series champion Oakland Athletics. 

As a player and coach between 1950 and 1975, Noren was a member of five world championship teams. 

Noren was born in Jamestown, New York. He was raised in Pasadena, California. Noren died at his home in Carlsbad, California on November 15, 2019 at the age of 94.

Juliusz Paetz

Juliusz Paetz (2 February 1935 – 15 November 2019) was a Polish bishop of the Catholic Church. He was the Bishop of Łomża from 1982 to 1996 and as the Archbishop of Poznań from 1996 to 2002. He resigned because of sexual harassment allegations. After 2002, he was archbishop emeritus of Poznań. He was born in Poznań, Poland.

Paetz died on 15 November 2019 in Pleszew, Poland at the age of 84.

Seminole

The Seminole are a group of Native American people from Florida in the Southeastern Woodlands. Today, many Seminole people live in different groups across Florida and Oklahoma. Their tribes are the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma, Seminole Tribe of Florida, and Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida.

The Seminole Nation began in the 18th century, when many groups of Native Americans came together in Florida. Much of Seminole culture comes from the Muscogee (Creek) people from Georgia and Alabama, who made up a large part of the Seminole Nation when it was formed. The name "Seminole" comes the word for "runaway" in the Muscogee language, which many Seminole people spoke.

The Seminole developed an independent identity over a period of time in the 18th and 19th Centuries. During this time they traded with British and Spanish colonists who were living in Florida. Many free blacks and escaped slaves settled near Seminole land and paid tributes to the Seminole tribe. These people later became known as "Black Seminoles."

After the American Revolutionary War, many Americans tried to move into Seminole land. This created conflict leading to the Seminole Wars (1818-1858).

Bern, Kansas

Bern is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 161 people lived there.

Bern had started in the late 1880s when a railroad was built through that territory. It was named by Swiss immigrants after Bern, the capital of Switzerland.

Bern is at (39.961415, -95.971065).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 161 people, 66 households, and 39 families living in Bern. Of the households, 75.8% owned their home and 24.2% rented their home.

The median age was 38.8 years. Of the people, 90.1% were White, 1.9% were Native American, 3.1% were from some other race, and 5.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 166 people, 81 households, and 45 families living in Bern.


Appakkudathaan Perumal Temple

Appakkudathaan Perumal Temple or Thirupper Nagar, is a Hindu temple in Koviladi, a village from Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, India.

Alexander, Kansas

Alexander is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 54 people lived there.

Alexander is at (38.469417, -99.552998).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census said that there were 54 people, 29 households, and 16 families living in the city. Of the households, 75.9% owned their home and 24.1% rented their home.

The median age was 58.7 years. Of the people, 90.7% were White, 1.9% were Black, 1.9% were Native American, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 20.4% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 65 people, 31 households, and 20 families living in the city.

Alexander is served by USD 395 La Crosse Public Schools.

Alexander High School was closed in 1966 through school unification. The Alexander High School mascot was Whippets.


Oneida, Kansas

Oneida is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 61 people lived there.

Oneida was planned out about 1873. It was named after the Oneida people. The town's streets were named after the main thoroughfares of Chicago.

Oneida is at (39.866799, -95.93982).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2010 census, there were 75 people, 26 households, and 17 families living in the city.


Alta Vista, Kansas

Alta Vista is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 409 people lived there.

Eskridge, Kansas

Eskridge is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 439 people lived there.

Yoshiki Shibata

Yoshiki Shibata (born October 14, 1959) is a Japanese novelist and mystery writer. He received the 15th Masafumi Yokomizo Award for "RIKO-Eternal Goddess". He was born in Tokyo. Graduated from Aoyama Gakuin University, Faculty of Letters, French Literature. Worked for clothing companies, hospitals, publishers, etc. and started writing after retiring and raising children. In 1995, "RIKO - goddess of eternity" won the 15th Masafumi Yokomizo Award. In 1998, "Cut Smile" was selected as a candidate for the 51st Mystery Writers of Japan Award In 2001, “For Your Pleasure” was selected as a candidate for the 54th Mystery Writers of Japan Award. He lived in Kyoto for 20 years, but has lived in Kanagawa since 2004.


Daimokutate

The is a recitation show at Yahashira shrine in Kami-fukawa village, near the city of Nara .

The Shinto Temple in Kamifukawa has a tradition of accepting a 17-year-old boy as a member of a religious organization that carries out religious ceremonies at the temple. The acceptance of a boy into the organization at the temple is an acknowledgment that the child has become an adult.

Young men, aged 17 (If there are not enough boys aged 17 years, boys who are not yet 17 years old or are over 17 years old are also included in the performance) stand in a semi-circle dressed in samurai clothes and carrying bows. One by one, they are called to the centre by an old man who reads the name of a character in the tales of the feud between the Genji and Heike clans. There is no musical accompaniment. When all twenty-six characters have spoken, the youths rhythmically stamp their feet and sing offstage.

Originally a rite of passage at the age of seventeen to mark the formal acceptance of the eldest son into the community of the twenty-two families of Kami-fukawa, the Daimokutate is now performed annually in mid-October by young men of various ages and from many different families.Unique in Japan as a dramatic performance without acting or music, the Daimokutate is an important marker of identity and plays an indispensable role in maintaining solidarity in this mountainous town.

The Daimokutate was performed around the end of the Muromachi period (XVI century). Daimokutate is the last living example of a tradition of reciting in sanctuary by ordinary people, attested for the first time in a document of 1534.

Documents collected by the folklore specialist Hosen Jungo between 1953 and 1955, have been preserved, but it is likely that the repertoire was much larger.

Daimokutate was inscribed in 2009 on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity of Unesco .

Territories of the United States

Territories of the United States are sub-national administrative divisions supervised by the United States government. The U.S. currently has fourteen territories in the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. Two other territories (Bajo Nuevo Bank and Serranilla Bank) are claimed by the United States but ruled by Colombia — if these two territories are counted, the total number of U.S. territories is sixteen.

Princess Vajira

The princess Vajira, also known as Vajirakumari, was empress of Kingdom Magadha, having been the main spouse of the emperor Ajatashatru that reigned in the period 493 BC-461 BC. Mother of the successor of his husband, the emperor "Udayibhadra".

Vajira was appointed princess of the Kingdom of Kosala, ancient indian kingdom. Came from a family that descended of Mathavia Videgha and was daughter of the kings Pasenadi and "Mallika".

"Vajira" Or "Vajirakumari" was daughter of the main queen of Pasenadi, Mallika. According to the tradition of Pali, his mother was a beautiful daughter of the main manufacturer of garlands of Kosala. When Vajira was born, his father was apparently disappointed when hearing that the baby was a girl, but Buddha ensured him that the women sometimes are wiser than the men.

After a war between Ajatashatru and Prasenadi, in a peace treaty Prasenajit married his daughter Vajira to him. Vajira marrieged aged seventeen years old, with Ajatashatru.

Sugden, Oklahoma

Sugden is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Yeager, Oklahoma

Yeager is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Colombier, Vaud

Colombier was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities Colombier, Monnaz and Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges joined together to become a municipality called Echichens.

Lonay

Lonay is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Emmett, Kansas

Emmett is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 170 people lived there.

The first post office in Emmett was created in November 1905. The community was named for Robert Emmet, an Irish nationalist.

Emmett is found at (39.307314, -96.057609). The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Emmett is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census said that there were 170 people, 65 households, and 44 families living in the city. Of the households, 78.5% owned their home and 21.5% rented their home.

The median age was 29.3 years. Of the people, 78.8% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 4.1% were from some other race, and 14.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.6% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 191 people, 71 households, and 43 families living in the city.

Emmett is a part of USD 321 Kaw Valley. High school students attend St. Marys Jr/Sr High School in St. Marys. The St. Marys High School mascot is Bears.

Emmett High School was closed through school unification. The Emmett High School mascot was Emmett Eagles.


Haghpat Monastery

Haghpat Monastery, also known as Haghpatavank (), is a medieval monastery complex in Haghpat, Armenia. 

The monastery was founded by Queen Khosrovanuysh, wife of the Bagratid king Ashot III, probably in 976. The nearby monastery at Sanahin was built around the same time. 

The largest church in the complex, the Cathedral of Surb Nishan, probably begun in 976, was completed in 991 by king Smbat. It is a typical example of tenth century Armenian architecture, its central dome rests on the four imposing pillars of the lateral walls. The Armenian Prince Khutulukhaga, is depicted in the south transept (a transversal nave intersecting the main nave). The sons of the church's founder, Princes Smbat and Kurike, are shown with Queen Khosravanuysh in a bas-relieff. Excepet from one or two minor restorations carried out in the eleventh and twelfth centuries, the church is preserved its original character.

There are several other structures at the site as well. There is the small domed Church of Sourb Grigor (St. Gregory ) from 1005. Two side chapels were added to the original church; the larger one built in the beginning of the 13th century and the smaller, known as "Hamazasp House", built in 1257. In 1245. Other 13th century additions include the chapel of Sourb Astvatsatsin, the scriptorium, and a large refectory which is outside the monastery limits.

There are also a number of splendid khachkars (cross-stones) of the 11th-13th centuries standing on the territory of the monastery.

The monastery has been damaged many times. Sometime around 1130, an earthquake destroyed parts of Haghpat Monastery and it was not restored until fifty years later. It also suffered numerous attacks by armed forces in the many centuries of its existence and from a major earthquake in 1988. But much of the complex is still intact today without substantial alterations.

Today the area is an popular tourist site.

Described as a "masterpiece of religious architecture and a major center of learning in the Middle Ages", Haghpat monastery, together with Sanahin monastery, was placed on UNESCO's World Heritage List in 1996.

The monasteries at Haghpat and Sanahin were chosen as UNESCO World Heritage Sites because:
The two monastic complexes represent the highest flowering of Armenian religious architecture, with unique style developed from a mix of elements of Byzantine ecclesiastical architecture and the traditional vernacular architecture of the Caucasian region.

Tristan Rogers

Tristan Rogers (born 3 June 1946) is an Australian-American actor. He is best known for playing Robert Scorpio on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital" and for voicing Jake in Walt Disney Pictures' "The Rescuers Down Under". He is currently starring as Robert Scorpio on General Hospital.



Buddy Baker (composer)

Norman Dale Baker (January 4, 1918 – July 26, 2002) is an American composer.

Yio Chu Kang MRT station

Yio Chu Kang MRT station (NS15) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.

Tracks between this station and Khatib MRT station is the longest between any two stations on the North-South Line. Opened on 7 November 1987, Yio Chu Kang station is one of Singapore's oldest MRT station.

Yio Chu Kang station was the terminus of the North-South Line when it first opened on 7 November 1987 along with the first five stations of the MRT. Trains stopped at Platform A before reversing and crossing over to the opposite track.

On 3 March 2003, a 23-year-old drove his car onto an MRT track near Lentor Avenue, the section between Yio Chu Kang and Khatib. The accident occurred when the car, traveling over the speed limit, went up an curb, crossed a total distance of before going up a steep slope before landing on the track. Witnesses tried to push the car off the tracks to prevent a possible accident from an approaching train. Although the train driver was not able to stop in time, he was able to slow the train down enough to prevent the train from derailment.

On 12 February 2015, a 29-year-old motorcyclist died after he was flung onto the MRT tracks between Khatib and Yio Chu Kang stations early on Thursday morning following a traffic accident on the Lentor flyover, similar to the 2003 accident.

Serangoon North MRT station

Serangoon North MRT station (CR9) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line located on the boundary of Serangoon and Hougang planning areas, Singapore.

The station was first announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Havensville, Kansas

Havensville is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 119 people lived there.

Havensville had started in 1878 when a railroad was built through that territory. It was named for Paul E. Havens, a railroad employee.

The first post office in Havensville was created in March 1878.

Havensville is at (39.511228, -96.076352).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Havensville has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Havensville has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

Havensville is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, there were 119 people, 51 households, and 34 families living in Havensville. Of the households, 84.3% owned their home and 15.7% rented their home.

The median age was 47.3 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 1.7% were Native American, 0.8% were Asian, 1.7% were from some other race, and 2.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.4% of the people.

As of the 2010 census, there were 133 people, 58 households, and 41 families living in the city.


Onaga, Kansas

Onaga is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 679 people lived there.

Onaga was platted in 1877 by the railroad. Onaga is a Potawatomi Indian name.

The first post office in Onaga was created in December 1877.

Onaga is at (39.489283, -96.170241).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Onaga has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Onaga has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

Onaga is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, there were 679 people, 267 households, and 156 families living in the city. Of the households, 60.3% owned their home and 39.7% rented their home.

The median age was 41.8 years. Of the people, 91.5% were White, 1.6% were Native American, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 4.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

As of the 2010 census, there were 702 people, 286 households, and 166 families living in the city.


Protégé

A protégé is literally a "protected one". It is used of a younger person being being developed under the guidance of an experienced older person. It is a French term.

The younger person might be seen as an apprentice, and the older person as a mentor. If it is a physical activity, such as sport or dance, then the formal term might be 'trainer'. However, the term is "not" formal or official. It is just a way of describing a relationship. Psychosocial support and career guidance come into it, but usually not money. 

So the relationship is informal, but often important for the protégé.

Microsoft Word Viewer

Microsoft Word Viewer is a freeware program for Microsoft Windows. It can display and print Microsoft Word documents. 

Since November 2017, it is no longer supported or updated by Microsoft. The last version made was compatible with Word 2007. Microsoft recommend using Office Online, Word Mobile, and Office desktop apps for viewing and printing documents free of charge. 

The license terms of Microsoft Word Viewer allow the software to be installed and used only to view and screen print documents created with Microsoft Office software. The software may not be used for any other purpose. Users may distribute the software only with a file created with Microsoft Office software to enable recipient to view and print the file.

Microsoft Word Viewer supports:

For viewing Office Open XML documents, "Office Compatibility Pack for Word, Excel, and PowerPoint File Formats" must be installed.

Word Viewer 97-2000 was released on 17 March 1999. It opens documents that are created with Word 97, Word 2000 and Word for Mac v4.x and later. It was available for Windows in 16-bit and 32-bit versions. It can display Word documents in Internet Explorer 3.x and later.

Word Viewer 2003 was released on 15 December 2004. It added support for Word 2002 and Word 2003.

Word Viewer 2007 was released on 26 September 2007. Combined with "Office Compatibility Pack for Word", it supports the Office Open XML document format. This document type is supported in Word 2007 and later.

Development of the product has stopped. Microsoft has made other ways of reading Office documents available. These include Word Online and WordPad. WordPad is a native component of Windows from Windows 7 and later. It can create, view or edit Office Open XML documents (.docx) alongside Rich Text Format (.rtf) and text files (.txt).

Bussigny, Vaud

Bussigny (until 2014 Bussigny-près-Lausanne) is a municipality in Ouest lausannois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bremblens

Bremblens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Aclens

Aclens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Allaman

Allaman is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The village is famous for the medieval Allaman Castle (Château d'Allaman), built by the Count of Vaud in 1253.


Ballens

Ballens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Saubraz

Saubraz is a municipality in Switzerland. It is in Morges, in the canton of Vaud.


Romainmôtier-Envy

Romainmôtier-Envy is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 1970 by joining together two municipalities, Envy and Romainmôtier.


Étoy, Switzerland

Etoy is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Messieurs les noyés de la Seine

"Messieurs les noyés de la Seine" (, in English: "Drowned men of the Seine") is a song by Belgian singer Fud Leclerc. Robert Montal and Jean Miret, Jacques Say wrote it. It represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

Belgian broadcaster Radio-Télévision belge de la Communauté française (INR) internally selected a song for the Eurovision Song Contest 1956. They selected "Messieurs les noyés de la Seine".

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Teatro Kursaal in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Fud Leclerc performed it. Léo Souris conducted the orchestra.

It was performed third, after Switzerland's Lys Assia with "Das alte Karussell" and before Germany's Walter Andreas Schwarz with "Im Wartesaal zum großen Glück". The song position is not known because the voting results were not revealed.

Lowrey organ

The Lowrey organ is an electronic organ named for its developer, Frederick C. Lowrey (1871-1955). He was a Chicago-based industrialist and entrepreneur. It was in 1955, the year he died, that Lowrey's full-sized electronic organ was first commercially successful. It was called the Model S Spinet or "Berkshire".
Lowrey had earlier developed an attachment for a piano. This added electronic organ stops on 60 notes while keeping the piano functionality. It was called the "Organo". It was first sold in 1949 It was a successful competitor to the Hammond "Solovox".

During the 1960s and 1970s, Lowrey was the largest manufacturer of electronic organs in the world. In 1989, the Lowrey Organ Company produced its 1,000,000th organ.
Up until 2011, Lowrey organs were built in LaGrange Park, Illinois. In 2011, it was announced that some models would be made in Indonesia.

From 1918-1940's, Frederick Lowrey experimented with electronic organ design. He tried different methods of tone generation. In the 1940s he fixed on the Eccles-Jordan circuit. This is a stable flip-flop oscillator. It became a Lowrey hallmark. The Lowrey organ relied on all-electronic tone generation. This was different to its main competitor, the Hammond organ. Hammond used electromechanical until 1975. Lowrey led Hammond in the development of automatic accompaniment features. In 1968, automatic rhythm was added. In 1970, the "Genie" model added automatic left hand and pedal. Lowrey originally targeted the home entertainment market. Lowrey also produced theatre organs and a full 2-manual with pedal church organ. 

In the 1960s and 1970s, Lowreys were used by some rock groups. 

Garth Hudson, the keyboardist of The Band, played a Lowrey Festival organ on many of the group's most notable songs.
Its sound can be heard prominently on the 1968 recording of "Chest Fever", which begins with a Bach-inspired prelude/intro. 

The Beatles' 1967 song "Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!" included use of a Lowrey organ. It was used to help create a fairground atmosphere. 
A Lowrey DSO Heritage organ was used to produce the opening for "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".

The Who song "Baba O'Riley" used a Lowrey Organ, on a percussive "marimba repeat" setting, to give the synthesizer-like background noise. 

Mike Oldfield made use of the instrument quite extensively on his "Tubular Bells" album, and on several later albums as well. The Gotye song "State of the Art" was written to showcase the sounds of the Lowrey Cotillion model D-575.

From 1966 to 1971, Lowrey produced combo organs for the guitar maker Gibson. The most popular of these was made in 1966, called the Kalamazoo K-101, but was soon renamed the Gibson G-101. The Gibson branded organs' design and circuitry were based on Lowrey's "T-1", "T-2", "TLO-R" and "Holiday" spinet models. They had several additional features that made their sound distinctive from the Lowrey models. The extra effects included "Repeat", "Glide", and "Trumpet Wow-wow".

In the late 1970s, selling features of Lowrey home organs included Magic Genie Chords, Track III Rhythm and the Automatic Organ Computer.

In the 1980s, Lowrey launched the MicroGenie series of portable organs. These had built-in speakers. Some models could run on batteries. They including the MicroGenie V60, V100/101, V105, V120, V125 and MicroGenie Pro V600 (which was programmable and had MIDI capability).

In 1988, Lowrey was purchased by Kawai. 

On October 5, 2018, Vice-President of Lowery Division of Kawai America Corp., Seijiro Imamura, announced that Lowery Organ production would cease in January 2019. 

Hudhud

Hudhud is a tradition of narrative songs from the Ifugao region of the northern Philippine island of Luzón . Ifugao is known for its terraced rice fields in the mountains. This tradition is practiced during rice planting, as well as in funerals and funeral rituals. The hudhud probably dates from before the seventh century and consists of over 200 stories of 40 episodes each. The full recitation lasts several days.

As Ifugao has a matrilineal culture, it is usually the wife who leads in these stories, and her brother occupies a higher position than her husband. Thus, the hudhud has value as an anthropological document. The language of stories, rich in figurative expressions and repetitions, uses metonymies, metaphors and onomatopoeias, which makes transcription very difficult. There are very few written documents of this tradition. The stories evoke ancient heroes, religious beliefs, traditional practices, and reflect the importance of rice cultivation. The narrators, especially the older women, occupy important positions in the community, as priestesses and as holders of history. The hudhud epics are alternately sung by the first reciter and the choir.

Ifugao's conversion to Catholicism weakened his traditional culture. The hudhud has been associated with manual rice harvesting, and this task is now mechanized.The terraced rice fields are inscribed on the World Heritage List under the name " Terraced Rice Fields of the Philippine Ranges ", the number of farmers is constantly falling. The last reciters are already very old and need support in their efforts to transmit their knowledge and sensitize young people. But with support from organizations including the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA), the hudhud is increasingly being appreciated by the younger Ifugaos today.

In 2008 UNESCO integrated the "Hudhud, sung accounts of the Ifugao" into the representative list of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.

To encourage the involvement of the community and to ensure the continuous practice of the hudhud in its social-cultural context, the Hudhud Perpetual Award was created and launched in 2006. The annual award encourages the chanting of the stories during harvests, wakes, and bone washing (bogwa) occasions in the participating municipalities.

Victor Lindelöf

Victor Jörgen Nilsson Lindelöf (born July 17, 1994) is a Swedish football player. He plays as a defender for Manchester United and the Swedish national team. He plays mostly as a center-back, but has played as a right-back. Lindelöf started his footballing career in Sweden with Vasteras SK in 2010. He moved to Benfica in 2011, and to Manchester United in July 2017.

Charles Grandison Finney

Charles Grandison Finney (August 29, 1792 – August 16, 1875) was a proponent of the Second Great Awakening. He preached several Gospels across the western part of the US.

Prime Minister of Iraq

The Prime Minister of Iraq is the head of government of Iraq.

Under the new constitution the Prime Minister is the country's active executive leader.

Nouri al-Maliki (formerly Jawad al-Maliki) was selected to be Prime Minister on 21 April 2006. On 14 August 2014, al-Maliki agreed to step down as prime minister of Iraq to allow Haider al-Abadi to take his place.

On 28 October 2022, Mohammed Al Sudani became the current Prime Minister.

Adil Abdul-Mahdi

Adil Abdul-Mahdi al-Muntafiki (, born 1 January 1942) is an Iraqi politician and economist. He was the Prime Minister of Iraq from October 2018 to May 2020.

Al-Muntafiki was one of the Vice Presidents of Iraq from 2005 to 2011. He was the Finance Minister in the Interim government and Oil Minister from 2014 to 2016.

On 29 November, after weeks of violent protests, Mahdi announced that he would resign his post. The Iraqi parliament approved his resignation on 1 December 2019. He was replaced by Mustafa Al-Kadhimi in May 2020.

President of Iraq

The President of Iraq is the head of state of Iraq.

The President is elected by the Council of Representatives by a two-thirds majority and is limited to two four-year terms. The President is responsible for fixing treaties and laws passed by the Council of Representatives.

Barham Salih

Barham Salih (; ; born 12 September 1960) is an Iraqi politician who was the 8th President of Iraq from 2 October 2018 to 17 October 2022.


Doug Bowser

Doug Bowser from 2019 has been President of Nintendo of America, after the retirement of Reggie Fils-Aime.

Strawberry poison-dart frog

The strawberry poison-dart frog ("Oophaga pumilio", formerly "Dendrobates pumilio") is a small poison-dart frog found in Central America. 

It is common throughout its range, from eastern central Nicaragua through Costa Rica and northwestern Panama. 

The frog is often found in humid lowlands and premontane forest. Large numbers are also found in disturbed areas such as plantations. 

The strawberry poison-dart frog is famous for its widespread color variation. There are about 15–30 color morphs, most of which may be true breeding. "O. pumilio" is not the most poisonous of the dendrobatids, but it is the most toxic member of its genus.

Nevado Tres Cruces

Nevado Tres Cruces is a massif in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile. It has two peaks. One is Trace Cruces Sur at , which is the 6th highest mountain in the Andes. The other is Tres Cruces Centro at .

Nevado Tres Cruces is a volcano, but has not been active for a long time.

The first people to reach the top of the highest peak (Trace Cruces Sur) were Stefan Osiecki and Witold Paryski, in 1937

Paul Smith (composer)

Paul J. Smith (October 30, 1906 – January 25, 1985) is an American composer. He was best known for his work at Disney.

Mount Roraima

Mount Roraima is the highest of the Pakaraima chain of plateaus in South America. 

It was first described to Europeans by the English explorer Sir Walter Raleigh during his 1595 expedition. Raleigh learned about it from indigenous peoples. 

Roraima has a summit area. It is bounded on all sides by cliffs rising . 

The mountain is in Venezuela and Brazil. Mount Roraima is the point where the boundaries of Venezuela and Brazil. A stone stands on its summit, put there by the International Commission in 1931.

Mount Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield. It is the highest point of the Brazilian state of Roraima lie on the plateau, but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains elsewhere. The triple border point is at , and the mountain's highest point is called 'Laberintos del Norte'.
Although the steep sides of the plateau make it difficult, it was the first recorded major table-top to be climbed. Sir Everard im Thurn walked up a forested ramp on 18 December 1884 to scale the plateau. This route also used by the Clementis group in their climb of 15 January 1916. It is one of the most important mountain trekking routes in Venezuela.

Massif

A massif is a part of the Earth's crust that has been pushed up. Usually this happens when continental plates press against each other. One set of rocks goes up, the other goes down towards the Earth's mantle. 

The word "massif" means a block of mountains formed by this process, and surrounded by fault lines. Linear mountains like those on the western side of the Americas are usually not called massifs. They are called mountain chains.

An example of a massif is Saser Kangri in the Karakoram which is made up of six mountains. The most famous example of a massif is the Himalayan group. 

Mark Cady

Mark Cady (July 12, 1953 – November 15, 2019) was an Independent American jurist. He was on the Iowa Supreme Court from 1998 to 2019. From 2011 to 2019, he was the chief justice of the court. He was the author of the court’s opinion in "Varnum v. Brien", which legalized same-sex marriage in Iowa. He was born in Rapid City, South Dakota. 

Cady died on November 15, 2019 from a heart attack in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 66.


Jim Coates

James Alton Coates (August 4, 1932 – November 15, 2019) was an American professional baseball pitcher. Coates pitched in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees (1956, 1959–62), Washington Senators (1963), Cincinnati Reds (1963), and Los Angeles/California Angels (1965–67). He was born in Farnham, Virginia.

Coates died on November 15, 2019 in Lancaster, Virginia at the age of 87.

Vojtěch Jasný

Vojtěch Jasný (30 November 1925 – 15 November 2019) was a Czech director. He won a Cannes Special Jury Prize for "The Cassandra Cat" (1963). He was born in Kelč in Moravia.

Jasný died in Přerov, Czech Republic on 15 November 2019 at the age of 93.


John Campbell Brown

John Campbell Brown (4 February 1947 – 16 November 2019) was a Scottish astronomer. He worked in solar physics. He worked at Astronomer Royal for Scotland, Regius Professor of Astronomy at the University of Glasgow, and honorary professor at both the University of Edinburgh and the University of Aberdeen.

He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1984.

Brown died on 16 November 2019 at the age of 72.

Diane Loeffler

Diane Loeffler (July 12, 1953 – November 16, 2019) was an American politician. She was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2005 through 2019. She was a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). Loeffler was also a health policy analyst and planner for Hennepin County. She was born in Minneapolis.

Loeffler died in Minneapolis on November 16, 2019 of cancer, aged 66.

Zeng Guoyuan

Zeng Guoyuan (; ; 195316 November 2019), also known as Zeng Guoyan, Thomas Chan Hock Seng and, erroneously, Zeng Guoyung, was a Singaporean businessman, philanthropist, politician, author, and acupuncturist.

He was known for running multiple times in general elections either under the Workers' Party or Independent and for dropping out of the elections in the last minute. He was accused multiple times of sexual harassment by his patients and was sued multiple times.

In 2014, he was diagnosed with terminal melanoma. He was found dead on 16 November 2019 on a balcony in Singapore in a possible act of suicide, aged 66.

Norodom Buppha Devi

Norodom Buppha Devi ( ; official title "Her Royal Highness Samdech Reach Botrei Preah Ream Norodom Buppha Devi", 8 January 1943 – 18 November 2019) was a Cambodian princess, ballerina and politician. She was director of the Royal Ballet of Cambodia.

She was the daughter of Norodom Sihanouk and the late Neak Moneang Phat Kanthol, the elder sister of Prince Norodom Ranariddh, and a half-sibling of current King of Cambodia, Norodom Sihamoni.

From 1998 through 2004, Devi was Minister of Culture and Fine Arts for the Hun Sen ministry. She was born in Phnom Penh.

Devi died on 18 November 2019 at a hospital in Bangkok at the age of 76.

Almena, Kansas

Almena is a city in Norton County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 363 people lived there.

Almena was a shipping point at the junction of two railroads. It was named by Margaret Brown Coleman. She named it after Almena, Wisconsin, her hometown.

The first post office in Almena was created in June 1872.

Almena is at (39.891535, -99.708865). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of 0.60 square miles (1.57 km). All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 363 people, 152 households, and 85 families living in Almena. Of the households, 65.8% owned their home and 34.2% rented their home.

The median age was 45.6 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 3.3% were some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 408 people, 180 households, and 102 families living in Almena.

Almena is part of USD 212 Northern Valley Schools. The Northern Valley High School mascot is Huskies.


G7

The Group of Seven (G7) is an international group made up of the seven largest IMF-described advanced economies in the world: Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

In 2018, the seven countries represented 58% of the global net wealth ($317 trillion) and more than 46% of the global gross domestic product (GDP). The European Union is an invitee to G7.

The group began in the early 1970s. The number of members has changed over time. Representatives from four leading economies first met in 1973. The representatives were finance ministers from France, the United Kingdom, the United States and West Germany. Later that year, the four members agreed to invite Japan to attend. These five came to be known as the "Group of Five".

In 1975, Italy was invited to attend the first heads-of-government summit, forming the "Group of Six", or G6. Canada joined in 1976, making the G7. The group meets every year, with a different host and president each year. The president of the European Council has attended since 1977. Since 1987, the finane ministers of G7 countries have met at least twice a year at separate meetings. In some years they have met four times.

From 1995, Russia attended informally, and they joined the group in 1998, creating the G8. On 2 March 2014, the other members of the G8 criticized the "Russian Federation's violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine." As a result, Russia was removed from the G8 which was later renamed G7 as there are now seven leaders in the group.


List of G7 leaders

This is a list of the heads of government of the Group of Seven nations at each G6, G7, G8 summit since the organisation's creation in 1975.

The following is a list of senior G7 leaders in order from the founding of the G6 to the present. Senior G7 leaders are current leaders from the G7 who have been the incumbent leader of their country the longest. The current G7 senior leader is Prime Minister Justin Trudeau who has been prime minister since 2015.

Zenkō Suzuki

Suzuki died at a hospital in Tokyo of pneumonia on 19 July 2004 at the age of 93. 

List of prime ministers of Japan

This is a list of prime ministers of Japan:

Giovanni Spadolini

Giovanni Spadolini (21 June 1925 – 4 August 1994) was a Republican Italian politician. He was the 44th Prime Minister of Italy from 1981 through 1982 and the acting President of Italy in 1992.

Arlington, Kansas

Arlington is a city in Reno County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 435 people lived there.

Arlington was created in 1877. It was named after Arlington, Massachusetts. The first post office in Arlington was created in February 1878.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Herington through Arlington to Pratt.

Arlington is at (37.89629, -98.178064). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 435 people, 196 households, and 116 families living in Arlington. Of the households, 69.4% owned their home and 30.6% rented their home.

The median age was 39.8 years. Of the people, 91.7% were White, 0.7% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 1.6% were from some other race, and 5.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 473 people, 200 households, and 124 families living in Arlington.


Saburō Ōkita

Saburō Ōkita (大来 佐武郎 "Ōkita Saburō") (3 November 1914 – 9 February 1993) was a Japanese economist and politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from November 1979 through July 1980.

Aurora, Kansas

Aurora is a city in Cloud County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 56 people lived there.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) through Aurora to Superior, Nebraska. In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad. It was renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most locals still call this railroad the "Santa Fe".

Aurora was named by settlers who came from Aurora, Illinois.

The first post office in Aurora was created in 1886. From 1886 until 1888, the post office was called St. Peter.

Aurora is at (39.451924, -97.529846). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it land and no water.

The 2020 census reported 56 people, 13 households, and 7 families living in Aurora. All of the households owned their home.

The median age was 30.5 years. Of the people, 98.2% were White, and 1.8% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census reported 60 people, 24 households, and 17 families living in Aurora.


Arma, Kansas

Arma is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. At the 2020 census, 1,407 people lived there.

Arma was created in 1894. It was named after W.F. Armacost, an early landowner.

A post office was opened at Arma in 1891. It was used until it was closed in 1906.

Arma was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Arma is at (37.542775, -94.701807). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,407 people, 632 households, and 357 families living in Arma. Of the households, 65.5% owned their home and 34.5% rented their home.

The median age was 45.2 years. Of the people, 90.2% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.7% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.1% were some other race, and 6.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,481 people, 657 households, and 372 families living in Arma.

Arma is part of USD 246 Northeast.

Before school unification, the Arma High School mascot was Bulldogs. 


Axtell, Kansas

Axtell is a city in Marshall County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 399 people lived there.

The first settlements in Axtell were created in the 1860s. The first post office in Axtell was created in December 1871. Axtell was planned out in 1872 when the railroad was extended to that place. A railroad depot was built in 1872. Axtell was named after Jesse Axtell, a railroad official.

Axtell is at (39.872447, -96.257361). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . of it is land, and of it is water.

This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Axtell has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 399 people, 172 households, and 98 families living in Axtell. Of the households, 78.5% owned their home and 21.5% rented their home.

The median age was 38.1 years. Of the people, 91.0% were White, 1.8% were Asian, 0.3% were Black, 1.3% were from some other race, and 5.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 406 people, 178 households, and 111 families living in Axtell.


Argonia, Kansas

Argonia is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 456 people lived there.

Argonia was created in 1881. It was named after the ship "Argo" in Greek mythology. In 1887, Susanna M. Salter became the first woman to win political office in United States history; she was elected Mayor of Argonia.

Argonia is at (37.265299, -97.766123). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 456 people, 189 households, and 120 families living in Argonia. Of the households, 69.8% owned their home and 30.2% rented their home.

The median age was 39.5 years. Of the people, 90.1% were White, 1.1% were Native American, 0.7% were Black, 0.7% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 501 people, 216 households, and 135 families living in Argonia.

Argonia is part of the Argonia USD 359 school district.



PragerU

PragerU, short for Prager University, is a website that promotes Conservatism using short educational videos. However, it is not a University and doesn’t claim to be one. Dennis Prager and Allen Estrin started this website in 2009. Prager appears in some of the videos himself. PragerU is suing YouTube for restricting 99 of its videos. PragerU has already lost several lawsuits against YouTube.


Auburn, Kansas

Auburn is a city in Shawnee County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,273 people lived there.

Auburn is at (38.907756, -95.815555). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Almost all of it is land.
Auburn has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Auburn has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Auburn is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,273 people, 483 households, and 331 families living in Auburn. Of the households, 65.8% owned their home and 34.2% rented their home.

The median age was 34.5 years. Of the people, 89.0% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 1.1% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,227 people, 467 households, and 320 families living in Auburn.



Barnard, Kansas

Barnard is a city in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 64 people lived there.

Barnard was first settled in 1888. It was incorporated as a city in 1904. Barnard was named for J.F. Barnard, a railroad employee.

Barnard is at (39.189171, -98.044252). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Barnard has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Barnard has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 64 people, 34 households, and 18 families living in Barnard. The median age was 60.0 years. Of the people, 85.9% were White, 1.6% were Pacific Islanders, and 12.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 70 people, 43 households, and 16 families living in Barnard.

Barnard is part of USD 298 Lincoln.

Barnard schools were closed through school unification. The Barnard High School mascot was Cardinals.


Bennington, Kansas

Bennington is a city in Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 622 people lived there.

Bennington was platted in 1878. More than 200 people lived there within three years. The city name comes from one of two sources. A paper written on the history of Bennington says that Bennington is an Indian name, and it means "place of fine trees." The same paper also says that co-city creator George R. Parker gave the town its name after Bennington, Vermont. The Solomon Valley Railroad, part of the Kansas Pacific Railroad, reached Bennington in 1878.

In 1879, the first school was one half-mile south of town. In 1918, a new school house was built. In 1938, an auditorium was added; in 1955 a shop was added; and in 1961 a new grade school building was annexed.

Bennington is at (39.033146, -97.593228). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Bennington has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bennington has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Bennington is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 622 people, 254 households, and 163 families living in Bennington. Of the households, 81.5% owned their home and 18.5% rented their home.

The median age was 40.1 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.2% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 672 people, 261 households, and 188 families living in Bennington.

Bennington is part of Twin Valley USD 240 public school district.


Bucklin, Kansas

Bucklin is a city in Ford County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 727 people lived there.

Bucklin was originally called Corbitt. It was planned out in 1885. It was renamed Bucklin in 1887. It was named after Bucklin Township.

Bucklin was incorporated in 1909. It was at the junction of two railroads.

Bucklin is at (37.547942, -99.635001). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Bucklin has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bucklin has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 727 people, 284 households, and 188 families living in Bucklin. Of the households, 74.6% owned their home and 25.4% rented their home.

The median age was 41.3 years. Of the people, 89.8% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.6% were Black, 0.7% were from some other race, and 7.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 794 people, 287 households, and 204 families living in Bucklin.

Bucklin is part of USD 459 Bucklin.



Bentley, Kansas

Bentley is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 560 people lived there.

Bentley was planned out in 1888. This was when the Kansas Midland Railway was built to that point. It was named after Orsemus Hills Bentley, a railroad official.

The first post office in Bentley was created in March 1888.

Bentley is at (37.886437, -97.517133). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 560 people, 205 households, and 154 families living in Bentley. Of the households, 82.4% owned their home and 17.6% rented their home.

The median age was 35.8 years. Of the people, 86.1% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 0.7% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 4.6% were from some other race, and 7.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 530 people, 199 households, and 142 families living in Bentley.


Buffalo, Kansas

Buffalo is a city in Wilson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 217 people lived there.

Buffalo was created in 1867. It took its name from Buffalo Creek, which was named after the American bison. The bison is often called the buffalo.

The first store in Buffalo opened in 1869. The first hotel opened in 1870. Buffalo grew in 1886 when the Missouri Pacific Railroad was built through it. Buffalo was incorporated as a city in 1898.

Buffalo is at (37.709569, -95.696967). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 217 people, 93 households, and 56 families living in Buffalo. Of the households, 83.9% owned their home and 16.1% rented their home.

The median age was 44.5 years. Of the people, 94.5% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.9% were from some other race, and 4.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 232 people, 95 households, and 70 families living in Buffalo.

Buffalo is a part of USD 387 Altoona-Midway. The Altoona-Midway High School mascot is the Jets.

Buffalo High School closed in 1958 because of school unification. The Buffalo High School mascot was the Pirates.



Barnes, Kansas

Barnes is a city in Washington County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 165 people lived there.

Barnes was called Elm Grove when it was created in 1870. It was renamed Barnes in 1876. It was named after A. S. Barnes, a stockholder of the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad.

Barnes was a station and shipping place on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Barnes is at (39.711525, -96.873094). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 165 people, 72 households, and 48 families living in Barnes. Of the households, 77.8% owned their home and 22.2% rented their home.

The median age was 45.2 years. Of the people, 87.9% were White, 2.4% were from some other race, and 9.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 15.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 159 people, 71 households, and 45 families living in Barnes.

Barnes is a part of USD 223 Barnes Hanover Linn.

Barnes schools were closed in 1965 because of school unification. The Barnes High School mascot was the Bullets.



Benton, Kansas

Benton is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 943 people lived there.

Benton was created in 1884. It was named after Thomas Benton Murdock, a state politician. Benton was incorporated as a city in 1908.

In 1969, part of the film "The Gypsy Moths" was shot in the Benton area.

Benton is at (37.788136, -97.107753). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
The 2020 census says that there were 943 people, 375 households, and 266 families living in Benton. Of the households, 76.8% owned their home and 23.2% rented their home.

The median age was 39.5 years. Of the people, 89.2% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.3% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 880 people, 325 households, and 254 families living in Benton.

Benton is a part of USD 375 Circle Public Schools.


Buhler, Kansas

Buhler is a city in Reno County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,325 people lived there.

The first post office in Buhler was created in 1888.

Buhler's residents were mostly Mennonite families that had moved from Russia during the 1880s.

In September 2012, the City of Buhler received a letter from the Freedom from Religion Foundation about a complaint about a violation of the Constitution. This was because the city seal had a cross in it. In November 2012, the city said that every legal opinion it got said the city would not be able to defend itself in court if it was sued to force it to remove the seal and sign. If the city lost, it would have to pay all the legal costs of the winning party. The city decided to have a contest in January 2013 to change the design of the city seal without religion in it.

Buhler is at (38.138393, -97.770538). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,325 people, 477 households, and 337 families living in Buhler. Of the households, 75.1% owned their home and 24.9% rented their home.

The median age was 39.5 years. Of the people, 91.5% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.7% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,327 people, 483 households, and 361 families living in Buhler.

Buhler is a part of Buhler USD 313 school district.



Terry O'Neill (photographer)

Terence Patrick O'Neill (30 July 1938 – 16 November 2019) was a British photographer. He was known for taking pictures of the fashions, styles, and celebrities of the 1960s.

His work has been seen in many exhibitions. He was awarded an honorary fellowship of the Royal Photographic Society in 2004 and the society's Centenary Medal in 2011. His work is held in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery, London.



Liza Weil

Liza Rebecca Weil (born June 5, 1977) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Paris Geller in the WB/CW comedy-drama series "Gilmore Girls" and as attorney Bonnie Winterbottom in the ABC legal drama series "How to Get Away with Murder".

Lansdale, Pennsylvania

Lansdale is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Philadelphia. The population was 18,773 at the time of the 2020 census.

Donald Carcieri

Donald Louis Carcieri ( ; ; born December 16, 1942) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 73rd Governor of Rhode Island from January 2003 to January 2011.

Olivia Culpo

Olivia Frances Culpo (born May 8, 1992) is an American model, reality television and social media personality, former beauty pageant title holder and actress.

After winning the Miss Rhode Island USA competition, she went on to be crowned Miss USA, and then Miss Universe in 2012. She was born in Cranston, Rhode Island.

Bruce Robinson

Bruce Robinson (born 2 May 1946) is an English director, screenwriter, novelist and actor. He wrote and directed the cult classic "Withnail and I" (1987).

New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics

New Zealand won a total of 6 gold medals during the 2012 Summer Olympics which were held in Great Britain. They won a total of 13 medals.

Siruguppa

Siruguppa is a city and taluka in Bellary district in Karnataka. It is famous for rice cultivating, most of the districts in 
Karnataka depend on Siruguppa for rice.

Mount Saint Elias

Mount Saint Elias is a high mountain in Canada and the United States. It is also known as Boundary Peak 186. Mount Saint Elias is on the border of Alaska and the Yukon. It is the 2nd highest mountain in Canada and in the United States.

Mount Saint Elias the first part of the North American mainland to be seen by Russian explorers, in 1741.

The first people to reach the top were Luigi Amedeo (Duke of Abruzzi) and his expedition, in 1897.

Myrtle Devenish

Myrtle Devenish (29 July 1912 – 21 January 2007) was a British film actress. She appeared in Terry Gilliam's 1985 cult film "Brazil".

Devenish was born in Ebbw Vale, Wales, UK.


Barbara Hicks

Barbara Hicks (12 August 1924 – 6 September 2013) was an English film actress. She appeared in Terry Gilliam's 1985 cult film "Brazil" and Merchant Ivory Productions's 1992 Bafta award-winning "Howards End".

Hicks was born in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire. She lived in Little Maplestead, Essex. She was educated at Adcote School, Shropshire. She was married for forty years to Lt-Colonel Peter Taylor (25 January 1913 – 26 March 2010). He was an outstanding front line commander who won two MCs in Italy in 1944.

Hicks appeared in a National Theatre 80th birthday tribute to Lord Olivier. The tribute was called "Happy Birthday, Sir Larry". It was held on 31 May 1987 in the presence of Olivier.

She has a son, the actor Giles Taylor.

Nyagan

Nyagan (Russian: Нягань) is a town in the northwest of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It is near the Ob River and northwest of Khanty-Mansiysk. It is named after the Nyagan-Yugan River, a tributary of the Ob River. In 2010, 54,890 people lived there.

Quonset hut

A Quonset hut () is a simple building made of steel and with two side-walls having the shape of a half-circle. Quonset huts are made at a factory and then later put together at their location. They use steel that is corrugated and galvanized.

The Quonset hut was first designed in the United States. It was based on the Nissen hut, which was made by the British during World War I. Hundreds of thousands of Quonset huts were made during World War II. After the war, the left over huts were sold to the public. The name comes from the site where they were first made. This was Quonset Point at the Davisville Naval Construction Battalion Center in Davisville, Rhode Island.

The first Quonset huts were made in 1941 for the United States Navy. They needed a building that could be used for many different purposes. At the same time, it had to be light and easy to ship. It also had to be possible to put it together without skilled workers. The George A. Fuller construction company made the first Quonset huts. They were made within 60 days of signing the contract. Afterwards Quonset huts were made by many factories around the world.

The original design was a × building with a radius. The most common design was × with a radius. This created of usable floor space with optional overhangs at each end to protect the entrances from the weather. Other sizes were also made.

The sides were made from corrugated steel sheets. The two ends were covered with plywood which had doors and windows. The inside was insulated and had pressed wood lining and a wood floor. The building could be placed on concrete, on pilings, or directly on the ground with a wood floor. The inside space was open, so it could be used for a variety of purposes. Some uses were as barracks, latrines, medical and dental offices, isolation wards, housing, and bakeries.
About 150,000 to 170,000 Quonset huts were made during World War II. The military then sold the extra huts to the public after the war. Many are still used in the United States for various purposes. Some are also still in active use at the United States military bases.


R. Sampanthan

Rajavarothiam Sampanthan (; ; born 5 February 1933) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and lawyer. He has been the Tamil National Alliance party leader since 2001. He has also been a Member of Parliament since 2001. He was the Leader of the Opposition from September 2015 to December 2018.

Gotabaya Rajapaksa

Lieutenant Colonel Nandasena Gotabaya Rajapaksa, RWP, RSP, psc, GR (; ; born 20 June 1949) is a Sri Lankan politician, technocrat and military officer. He is the 8th President of Sri Lanka since 18 November 2019. He was Secretary to the Ministry of Defence and Urban Development from 2005 to 2015. 

He led the Sri Lankan Armed Forces to the military defeat of the Tamil tigers, ending the Sri Lankan Civil War.

In mid 2022, massive protests broke out in the country against Rajapaksa and his government because of his bad handling of the country's economy. On 9 July 2022, Rajapaksa left his official residence in Colombo before protesters broke into the residence. Protesters were seen taking over the mansion even swimming in the president's pool. Later that evening, it was announced he would resign on 13 July 2022. 

On the day he promised he would resign, he left the country by military plane to the Maldives without resigning as president. On 14 July, he left the Maldives after people there protested his arrival and left to Singapore. On 14 July, Rajapaksa resigned from presidency.

Karu Jayasuriya

Deshabandu Karu Jayasuriya, MP (; born 29 September 1940) is a Sri Lankan politician. He was the 20th Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from September 2015 to August 2020. 

He was Mayor of Colombo from 1997 to 1999, Minister of Power and Energy from 2001 to 2004, Minister of Public Administration and Home Affairs from 2007 to 2008, and Minister of Buddha Sasana, Public Administration, and Democratic Governance in 2015.


Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka

The Speaker of the Parliament of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is the presiding officer of the chamber. The current Speaker of the Parliament is Karu Jayasuriya since 1 September 2015. 



M. H. Mohamed

Mohamed Haniffa Mohamed (15 June 1921 – 26 April 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. Mohamed was the 14th Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka (1989–1994) as well as being a former member of Parliament and government minister. 

Mohamed was the first Sri Lankan Moor to hold office as Mayor of Colombo from 1960 to 1962. 

W. J. M. Lokubandara

Wijesinghe Jayaweera Mudiyanselage Lokubandara (Sinhala:විජෙසිංහ ජයවීර මුදියන්සේලාගේ ලොකුබණ්ඩාර, Tamil:விஜேசிங்க ஜயவீர முதியன்சேலாகே லொக்குபண்டார; 5 August 1941 – 14 February 2021), commonly known as W. J. M. Lokubandara, was a Sri Lankan politician. He was Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from 2004 to 2010 and Governor of Sabaragamuwa Province from 2010 to 2015.

Lokubandara died at a hospital in the Colombo District from problems caused by COVID-19 on 14 February 2021, aged 79.

Chief Justice of Sri Lanka

The Chief Justice of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is the head of the judiciary of Sri Lanka and the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka. 

Created in 1801, the Chief Justice is one of ten Supreme Court justices; the other nine are the Puisne Justices of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka. 

The Chief Justice is nominated by the Constitutional Council, and appointed by the President.. The first Chief Justice was Codrington Edmund Carrington. The 47th and current Chief Justice is Jayantha Jayasuriya.


Jayantha Jayasuriya

Jayantha Chandrasiri Jayasuriya PC is a Sri Lanka lawyer and politician. He is the 47th and current Chief Justice of Sri Lanka since 29 April 2019. Jayasuriya was approved by the Constitutional Council on the 26 April 2019 and sworn in three days later on the 29 April. He was the 45th Attorney General of Sri Lanka. 

Mohan Peiris

Peter Mohan Maithree Peiris, PC is a Sri Lankan lawyer. He was the Attorney General of Sri Lanka from 2008 to 2011 and was the "de facto" Chief Justice of Sri Lanka from 2013 to 2015 when President Maithripala Sirisena made his appointment void in 2015.

Zeca Afonso

José Manuel Cerqueira Afonso dos Santos, known as José Afonso, Zeca Afonso () or just Zeca (2 August 1929 – 23 February 1987) was a well known Portuguese folk and political musician. He became an icon in Portugal for his music criticizing the dictatorial regime of Oliveira Salazar. 

Afonso died of ALS.


Aveiro, Portugal

Aveiro ( ) is a city and a municipality in Portugal. In 2021, the population was 80,880.

José Mário Branco

José Mário Branco (25 May 1945 – 19 November 2019) was a Portuguese singer-songwriter, actor, and record producer. He was a critic of the Salazar regime and as a result, he was exiled in France in 1963. He worked with musicians Sérgio Godinho and Zeca Afonso, whose records he produced and recorded at the Château d'Hérouville studios.

Branco died of a stroke on 19 November 2019 at the age of 77.

Ross Barnett

Ross Robert Barnett (January 22, 1898November 6, 1987) was the Governor of Mississippi from 1960 to 1964. He was a prominent member of the Dixiecrats. They were southern Democrats who supported racial segregation.

Tom Lyle

Thomas Stanford Lyle (November 2, 1953 – November 19, 2019) was an American comic artist and educator. He was best known as for his work on "Starman" and "Robin" for DC Comics as well as "" for Marvel Comics. Lyle was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He taught classes at Savannah College of Art and Design.

Lyle died on November 19, 2019 while in a coma at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia from problems caused by cerebral aneurysm-related surgery at the age of 66.


Bartlett, Kansas

Bartlett is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 69 people lived there.

Bartlett was platted in June 1886. It was named after one of its creators, Robert A. Bartlett.

The first post office in Bartlett was created in September 1886.

Bartlett was on the Missouri Pacific Railway.

Bartlett is at (37.05486, -95.211569). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 69 people, 36 households, and 20 families living in Bartlett. Of the households, 50.0% owned their home and 50.0% rented their home.

The median age was 49.3 years. Of the people, 79.7% were White, 7.2% were Native American, and 13.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 80 people, 32 households, and 24 families living in Bartlett.



Bunker Hill, Kansas

Bunker Hill is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 103 people lived there.

In Summer 1871, J. B. Corbett and Valentine Harbaugh, leaders of a place from Ohio, created Bunker Hill at a place on the Kansas Pacific Railway. The settlement was named after a Butterfield Overland Despatch station, built in 1865. That station was at the place before Bunker Hill was. County commissioners said Bunker Hill was the county seat in 1872. Two years later, a popular vote moved the seat to nearby Russell. Many Bunker Hill residents moved there too. This made it hard for the town to grow. By 1883, a small business community grew, including a hotel, flour mill, and several shops.

Bunker Hill is at (38.874716, -98.702759). It is at an elevation of 1,860 feet (567 m). It is in north-central Kansas. Bunker Hill is 108 miles (174 km) northwest of Wichita and 221 miles (355 km) west of Kansas City. Located 1 mile (1.7 km) north of Interstate 70, it is roughly 8 miles (13 km) east of Russell, the county seat.

The community is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. It is about 5 miles (8 km) north of the Smoky Hill River and 7 miles (11 km) south of the Saline River. Wilson Lake lies 6 miles (10 km) to the northeast.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Bunker Hill has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bunker Hill has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 103 people, 44 households, and 21 families living in Bunker Hill. Of the households, 95.5% owned their home and 4.5% rented their home.

The median age was 46.8 years. Of the people, 99.0% were White and 1.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 95 people, 47 households, and 21 families living in Bunker Hill.

The cost of living in Bunker Hill is somewhat low; the cost of living index for Bunker Hill is 80.0, when compared to the U.S. average of 100.

Bunker Hill is a city of the third class with a mayor-council form of government. The city council has of five members. It meets on the second Tuesday of each month.

Bunker Hill is part of USD 407 Russell County Schools. The district high school is Russel High School in Russell.

Bunker Hill schools were closed because of school unification. The Bunker Hill High School mascot was White Owls.

Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40 run concurrently east-west a mile south of the city. Bunker Hill-Luray Road, a paved county road, goes north-south along the city's western part.

Union Pacific Railroad has one freight rail line through Bunker Hill. It is the Kansas Pacific (KP) Line. The line goes east-west through the community.

Western Electric provides electricity to the people of Bunker Hill. Rural Telephone provides landline telephone service. Nex-Tech offers cable television and internet access. Most people use natural gas for heating; service is provided by Midwest Energy, Inc.

Bunker Hill is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. Smoky Hills Public Television, part of the PBS network for western Kansas, is headquartered in Bunker Hill.



Beverly, Kansas

Beverly is a city in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 135 people lived there.

Beverly was first settled in 1886. It was incorporated as a city in 1904. The city was named after Beverly, West Virginia, the hometown of an early settler.

Beverly is at (39.013831, -97.975454). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 135 people, 63 households, and 33 families living in Beverly. Of the households, 82.5% owned their home and 17.5% rented their home.

The median age was 50.6 years. Of the people, 89.6% were White, 3.7% were Native American, 0.7% were Black, 2.2% were from some other race, and 3.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 162 people, 72 households, and 44 families living in Beverly.

Beverly is a part of USD 298 Lincoln.

Beverly schools were closed because of school unification. The Beverly High School mascot was Bobcats.



Bassett, Kansas

Bassett is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States. It is situated along the Neosho River. In 2020, 20 people lived there.

Bassett was created in 1903. The next year, the Bassett and Concreto extensions were made to the Iola Electric Railroad street car line. In 1914, the first concrete road in Kansas was created in Bassett.

Bassett is at (37.904017, -95.408005). The city is east of the Neosho River along the south bank of Elm Creek in Iola Township. It is next to the southern border of the city of Iola (the county seat). Lake Bassola is east of the city. The city is less than two miles southwest of the interchange between U.S. Routes 54 and 169.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Bassett has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bassett has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 20 people living in Bassett. There were 5 households.

The median age was 49.5 years. Of the people, 75.0% were White, and 25.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 14 people, 5 households, and 4 families living in Bassett.


Link Cable

The Link Cable is a device that allows two Game Boy line devices to connect. It also allows for multiplayer. 

Nintendo 64 accessories

This is a list of accessories for the Nintendo 64 controller.

The Rumble Pak is a device that allows the Nintendo 64 controller to have rumble.

Power Pad

The Power Pad is a controller for the NES. It was released in North America, Japan and Europe. It is a pad which you lie onto the floor and use your hands and legs to control. There are two sides, side A has 8 buttons spread like a NES controller D-Pad, whilst side B has 12 buttons numbered 1 to 12.

Bird City, Kansas

Bird City is a city in Cheyenne County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 437 people lived there.

Bird City was created in 1885. It was named after Benjamin Bird, a cattleman. The area around the city was originally used for livestock grazing.

Bird City was a station and shipping point on the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad.

Bird City is at (39.749514, -101.532765). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bird City has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 437 people, 205 households, and 112 families living in Bird City. Of the households, 66.8% owned their home and 33.2% rented their home.

The median age was 47.8 years. Of the people, 81.2% were White, 0.5% were Asian, 7.6% were from some other race, and 10.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 447 people, 211 households, and 118 families living in Bird City.

Bird City is a part of USD 103 Cheylin.


Wii Speak

Wii Speak is a microphone for the Nintendo Wii. It came with with "". Few games used it.

Burdett, Kansas

Burdett is a city in Pawnee County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 228 people lived there.

Burdett was a station and shipping point on the division of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The railroad went from Larned to Jetmore. The community was named for the American humorist writer Robert Jones Burdette.

A post office was opened in Brown's Grove (an extinct town) in 1877. It was moved to Burdett in 1887.

Burdett is at (38.193523, -99.526452). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Burdett has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Burdett has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 228 people, 95 households, and 65 families living in Burdett. Of the households, 74.7% owned their home and 25.3% rented their home.

The median age was 41.2 years. Of the people, 94.7% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.4% were Black, 0.4% were from some other race, and 3.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 247 people, 102 households, and 68 families living in Burdett.

Burdett is part of USD 496 Pawnee Heights. The Pawnee Heights High School mascot is Tigers.



Bison, Kansas

Bison is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 179 people lived there.

Bison was platted in 1888 by the railroad. It was named after the American bison, which once ate there.

Bison was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

The first post office in Bison was created in May 1888.

Bison is at (38.519915, -99.19789). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
Bison has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bison has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 179 people, 85 households, and 53 families living in Bison. Of the households, 82.4% owned their home and 17.6% rented their home.

The median age was 51.5 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 1.1% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 255 people, 104 households, and 72 families living in Bison.

Bison is part of USD 403 Otis-Bison. The Otis-Bison High School mascot is Cougars.


Burlingame, Kansas

Burlingame is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 971 people lived there.

Burlingame was originally created as Council City and was an stop on the Santa Fe Trail. The Council City post office was opened on April 30, 1855. The city and post office name was changed from Council City to Burlingame on January 30, 1858. It was named after Anson Burlingame.

During the American Civil War the townspeople built a stone fort in the middle of the town. Burlingame's Fort was torn down after the war.

Burlingame is on U.S. Route 56, about south of Topeka. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Burlingame has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Burlingame has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Burlingame is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 971 people, 437 households, and 259 families living in Burlingame. Of the households, 63.6% owned their home and 36.4% rented their home.

The median age was 41.0 years. Of the people, 93.9% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.4% were from some other race, and 5.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 934 people, 404 households, and 250 families living in Burlingame.



Bazine, Kansas

Bazine is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 282 people lived there.

Bazine was a station and shipping point on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The community was named after the French general François Achille Bazaine.

The first post office in Bazine was created in 1874.

Bazine is at (38.446126, -99.693006). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
Bazine has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bazine has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 282 people, 116 households, and 85 families living in Bazine. Of the households, 85.3% owned their home and 14.7% rented their home.

The median age was 39.2 years. Of the people, 66.0% were White, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 19.9% were from some other race, and 13.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 29.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 334 people, 135 households, and 92 families living in Bazine.

Western Plains USD 106 serves Arnold, Bazine, Brownell, Ransom and Utica. The Western Plains High School mascot is Bobcats.

Bazine High School was closed because of school unification. The Bazine High School mascot was the Indians.

In 2004, Bazine High School was posted on eBay. The 78-year-old building was bought by a California businessman for $55,000.


Pehlwani

Pehlwani is a form of wrestling from the Indian subcontinent. It was developed in the Mughal Empire by combining native malla-yuddha with influences from Persian "varzesh-e bastani". The words "pehlwani" and "kushti" derive from the Persian terms "pahlavani" and "kosht" respectively. It is likely that the word derives from the Iranian word "Pehalavi" denoting to people of Iranian descent.

Nergis Mavalvala

Nergis Mavalvala (born 1968) is a Pakistani-American astrophysicist known for her role in the first observation of gravitational waves. She is the Curtis and Kathleen Marble Professor of Astrophysics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she is also the Associate Head of the Department of Physics. She was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 2010.

Mavalvala is best known for her work on the detection of gravitational waves in the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) project.


Sexual consent

Sexual consent is consent to engage in sexual activity.

Sexual activity without consent is considered rape or other sexual assault. However, consent does not always mean the activity is legal.

Each country has an age of consent, which sets a minimum age at which a person can legally consent to have sexual intercourse.

Sexual consent relies on both partners of sexual activity to agree on doing sexual activity. Often, a person will say to their partner that they have sexual consent. However, just because someone appears to have sexual consent does not mean it is legal. Some people are legally considered unable to truly make full consent (such as a minor or a drunk person). People may also consent to unwanted sexual activity.

Consent

Consent occurs when one person voluntarily agrees to the proposal or desires of another. It is a term of common speech, with specific definitions as used in such fields as the law, medicine, research, and sexual relationships.

The person agreeing must meet certain criteria: 

There are several types of consent commonly used in a variety of different situations. The types of consent, and how to use them, may be very important.

Sexual consent is the agreement to have sex/a sexual relationship. A lack of consent in this situation, mainly a lack of consent before sex, is often referred to as rape (A highly illegal activity).

Oona Chaplin

Oona Castilla Chaplin (born 4 June 1986) is a Spanish-British actress. Her best known roles are Talisa Maegyr in the HBO TV series "Game of Thrones", "The Crimson Field" and the series "Taboo".

She is the daughter of actress Geraldine Chaplin, the granddaughter of the English filmmaker and actor Charlie Chaplin, and the great-granddaughter of the American playwright Eugene O'Neill. 

Katherine Maher

Katherine Roberts Maher (born April 18, 1983) is a former chief executive officer and executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation. 
Before this, she was their chief communications officer.

Maher grew up in Wilton, Connecticut. 
She went to Wilton High School. 

In 2003, Maher graduated from the Arabic Language Institute's Arabic Language Intensive Program of The American University in Cairo. Maher subsequently studied at the in Syria. During this period, she also spent time in Lebanon and Tunisia.

In 2005, Maher received a bachelor's degree from New York University in Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies.

From 2007 to 2010, Maher worked at UNICEF as an innovation and communication officer. 
She focused on the use of technology to improve people's lives. Maher worked on issues related to maternal health, HIV/AIDS prevention, and youth participation in technology. 
One of her first projects at UNICEF involved testing MediaWiki extensions related to accessibility in Ethiopia. 

From 2010 to 2011, Maher worked at the National Democratic Institute as an ICT Program Officer.

From 2011 to 2013, Maher worked as an ICT innovation specialist at the World Bank. 
In 2012, Maher's Twitter feed on issues related to the Middle East was cited as being notable in its coverage of the Arab Spring.

From 2013 to 2014, Maher was advocacy director at the Washington, D.C.-based Access Now. As part of this work, she focused on the impact on people of laws about cyber security, morality, and defamation of the state that increase state censorship and reduce dissent. Access was a signatory of the Declaration of Internet Freedom.

From April 2014 to March 2016, Maher was chief communications officer of the Wikimedia Foundation. During this time, she gave an interview in "The Washington Post" on United States copyright law.

In March 2016, Maher became interim executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation following the resignation of then executive director, Lila Tretikov. Maher was appointed executive director in June 2016. The appointment was announced by Jimmy Wales on June 24, 2016 at Wikimania 2016 in Esino Lario, Italy, effective June 23, 2016.

Maher states that she focuses on global digital inclusion as a way to improve and protect the rights of people to information through technology.



Maher is based in San Francisco, California. Besides English, she also speaks Arabic, French, and German.



William H. Brown III

William H. Brown III (born January 19, 1928) is an American lawyer. 

Brown was appointed to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) by President Lyndon Johnson in 1968 and named its Chairman by President Richard Nixon in 1969. He was the fourth Chairman of the EEOC from May 5, 1969 to December 23, 1973. 


Jan Rabson

Jan Rabson (June 14, 1954 – October 14, 2022) was an Canadian - American actor.





El Hiwar El Tounsi

El Hiwar El Tounsi (Arabic: قناة الحوار التونسي , translation: The Tunisian Dialogue) is a television channel from Tunisia. It is available in Tunisia.

Launched in May 2003, the channel broadcasts initially two hours a week, on Sunday on the frequency of Arcoiris, on the Hot Bird satellite and, from 2004, on Eutelsat W3A.

In 2006, the channel broadcasts one hour of broadcast daily on the same frequencies. Its social and political broadcasts open the antenna to Tunisian opponents, which is the chain continued harassment by the regime of President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali.

In 2014 the founder sold the channel to a group of investors headed by Asma Fehri.

Blue Mound, Kansas

Blue Mound is a city in Linn County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 219 people lived there. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.

Blue Mound was planned out in 1882. It was named Blue Mound because from far away, its elevation is said to look blue.

Blue Mound is at (38.089357, -95.009926). The United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Almost all of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 219 people, 95 households, and 50 families living in Blue Mound. Of the households, 81.1% owned their home and 18.9% rented their home.

The median age was 43.9 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.5% were from some other race, and 8.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 275 people, 111 households, and 75 families living in Blue Mound.


Beattie, Kansas

Beattie is a city in Marshall County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 197 people lived there. The city has been called "The Milo Capital of the World" and hosts the annual "Beattie Milo Festival".

Beattie was planned out in 1870. It is named after Armstrong Beattie, the eighth Mayor of St. Joseph, Missouri.

The first post office in Beattie was created in July 1871.

Beattie is at (39.861736, -96.419091). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 197 people, 86 households, and 53 families living in Beattie. Of the households, 80.2% owned their home and 19.8% rented their home.

The median age was 47.5 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 1.5% were Black, 1.5% were Native American, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 200 people, 90 households, and 51 families living in Beattie.


Blue Rapids, Kansas

Blue Rapids is a city in Marshall County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 928 people lived there.

The first try to create a town below the junction of the rivers was in 1857. It failed. No tried to make a city until 1869–1870. A group of about 50 families from Genesee County, New York came. They bought land and water power rights, and they started building a community. The Blue Rapids Town Company was created. By 1870, 250 people lived there. In 1872, Blue Rapids was incorporated.

In 1870, a stone dam and an iron bridge was built on the Big Blue River. A hydroelectric power plant was added. It would provide power for manufacturing and for the town. The power plant was destroyed by a flood in 1903. In the late 19th century and early 20th century there were four gypsum mines in the area. Around 1910, more than 1,750 people lived in Blue Rapids. The public library was built in 1875. It is the oldest library west of the Mississippi that is still being used in the same building.

Blue Rapids was where the pancreatic cancer drug Streptozotocin was created. The bacterium from which the drug is taken was found in the late 1950s. It was found in a soil sample taken from "an uncultivated sandy soil in a grassland region" at Blue Rapids.

Blue Rapids says it is the smallest town in the U.S. to have hosted a national league baseball game. On October 24, 1913, more than 3,000 people watched the Chicago White Sox and New York Giants play a world tour exhibition game on the local ball field. that is still in use today.

In 2001, Blue Rapids became the place of a new NOAA Weather Radio transmitter, KZZ67. It would provide weather and emergency information from the National Weather Service in Topeka, Kansas to people living in north-central and northeast Kansas.

Blue Rapids is in northeast Kansas. It is near the junction of the Little Blue and Big Blue rivers, at . Its elevation is above sea level. It is on highway US-77/K-9. Blue Rapids is east of Waterville, south of the county seat Marysville, west of Frankfort, and north of Manhattan. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Georgia-Pacific has a gypsum mine near Blue Rapids containing some of the purest gypsum in the world.

The 2020 census says that there were 928 people, 376 households, and 243 families living in Blue Rapids. Of the households, 80.6% owned their home and 19.4% rented their home.

The median age was 43.6 years. Of the people, 95.4% were White, 0.2% were Native American, 1.1% were from some other race, and 3.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,019 people, 415 households, and 263 families living in Blue Rapids.

Blue Rapids is a part of USD 498 Valley Heights. Valley Heights Jr/Sr High School is halfway between the towns of Blue Rapids and Waterville. The Valley Heights mascot is Mustangs.


Burns, Kansas

Burns is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. The city was named after a nearby train station, which was named before the city was incorporated. In 2020, 234 people lived there.

In 1877, the Florence, El Dorado, and Walnut Valley Railroad Company built a branch line from Florence to El Dorado, and a station called Burns was built north of the present city location. In 1881, the rail line was extended to Douglass, then later to Arkansas City. The line was leased and operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence through Burns to El Dorado was abandoned in 1942. The original branch line connected Florence through El Dorado to Arkansas City.

At the current place, a city named St. Francis was platted in August 1880. When the town incorporated, they found the official city name of St. Francis was already used, so they changed the name to be the same as the nearby Burns train station. The station was moved into Burns. The original station was named after a railroad company official.

A post office in burns was created on November 30, 1880.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built 6.5 miles west of Burns, north to south through Marion County. There was a lot of controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever occurs). A pumping station named "Burns" was built 2 miles north of Potwin.

Burns is at (38.090692, -96.887103), in the Flint Hills. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The south city border of Burns is the county line of Marion County and Butler County.

Burns has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Burns has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 234 people, 83 households, and 56 families living in Burns. Of the households, 80.7% owned their home and 19.3% rented their home.

The median age was 33.3 years. Of the people, 96.6% were White and 3.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 228 people, 93 households, and 59 families living in Burns.

Burns is a part of Peabody-Burns USD 398 public school district.



Bluff City, Kansas

Bluff City is a city in Harper County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 45 people lived there.

Bluff City was created about 1879. The city was named after Bluff Creek, which goes near it.

Bluff City was a station and shipping point on the Kansas Southwestern Railway.

Bluff City is at (37.075671, -97.875376). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Bluff City has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Bluff City has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 45 people, 21 households, and 11 families living in Bluff City. Of the households, 76.2% owned their home and 23.8% rented their home.

The median age was 53.3 years. Of the people, 88.9% were White and 11.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 65 people, 29 households, and 13 families living in Bluff City.

Bluff City is a part of USD 361 Chaparral Schools.


Burr Oak, Kansas

Burr Oak is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 140 people lived there.

Burr Oak was planned out in 1871. It was incorporated as a city in 1880. It was named after the Burr Oak Creek.

The first post office in Burr Oak was created in June 1871.

Burr Oak is at (39.868516, -98.304297). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 140 people, 69 households, and 35 families living in Burr Oak. Of the households, 97.1% owned their home and 2.9% rented their home.

The median age was 54.5 years. Of the people, 95.0% were White and 5.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 174 people, 93 households, and 50 families living in Burr Oak.

Burr Oak is part of USD 107 Rock Hills. Burr Oak became a part of Rock Hills USD 107 in Mankato in 2006. The Rock Hills High School mascot is Grizzlies.


Belle Plaine, Kansas

Belle Plaine is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,467 people lived there.

Belle Plaine was created in 1871. Belle Plaine is a French name, and it means "beautiful plain". In 1883, Belle Plaine was a station and shipping point for the Southern Central & Fort Scott Railway. By 1910, it was at the junction of two railroads, the Missouri Pacific and the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe. The first post office in Belle Plaine was created in April 1871.

Belle Plaine is at (37.393428, -97.279548). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Belle Plaine has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Belle Plaine has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,467 people, 588 households, and 411 families living in Belle Plaine. Of the households, 70.7% owned their home and 29.3% rented their home.

The median age was 37.8 years. Of the people, 89.3% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 7.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,681 people, 630 households, and 466 families living in Belle Plaine.

Belle Plaine is a part of Belle Plaine USD 357 public school district.


Bogue, Kansas

Bogue is a city in Graham County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 155 people lived there.

Bogue was created in 1888 as a railroad town. It originally was named Wild Horse but the Union Pacific Railroad changed the name to honor Virgil Gay Bogue, a civil engineer working for the railroad and the founder of the city.

The first post office in Bogue was created in September 1888. It was moved from Fagan.

Bogue is at (39.359522, −99.68739). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Bogue is on K-18. It is south of U.S. Route 24, on the South Fork Solomon River.

Bogue has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Bogue has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 155 people, 71 households, and 38 families living in Bogue. Of the households, 85.9% owned their home and 14.1% rented their home.

The median age was 49.5 years. Of the people, 82.6% were White, 5.2% were Black, 2.6% were Native American, and 9.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 143 people, 75 households, and 43 families living in Bogue.

Bogue is a part of USD 281 Graham County. The district high school is in Hill City.


Burrton, Kansas

Burrton is a city in Harvey County, Kansas, United States. It is named after Isaac T. Burr, who is the former vice-president of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. In 2020, 861 people lived there.

Burrton was planned out in 1873. It was named after Burrton Township, which was named after I.T. Burr, a railroad official. The first post office in Burrton was created in June 1873. Burrton was incorporated as a city in 1878.

Burrton's place at the junction of two railroads made it an important shipping place for the area.

Burrton is at (38.023719, -97.671452). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 861 people, 326 households, and 225 families living in Burrton. Of the households, 75.8% owned their home and 24.2% rented their home.

The median age was 37.0 years. Of the people, 86.9% were White, 1.3% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 0.5% were Asian, 1.7% were from some other race, and 9.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 901 people, 347 households, and 237 families living in Burrton.

Burrton is part of Burrton USD 369 public school district.



Bushong, Kansas

Bushong is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 27 people lived there.

The city was a whistle-stop of the Missouri Pacific Railroad. It was first named Weeks. The city changed its name to Bushong in 1886. It was named after St. Louis Browns catcher Albert J. "Doc" Bushong. After the Browns' victory in the 1886 World Series over the Chicago White Stockings, the Missouri Pacific Railroad named some of their depots after the some of the St. Louis Browns players. The city of Bushong is the only one still carrying its name from the 1886 World Series.

During the Cold War, Bushong was the where one of the first kinds of nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles. The place was active from 1961–1965. It was part of the 548th Strategic Missile Squadron.

Bushong is at (38.6428, -96.256735). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Bushong is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 27 people, 16 households, and 12 families living in Bushong.

The median age was 54.8 years. Of the people, 92.6% were White and 7.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 34 people, 12 households, and 10 families living in Bushong.


Brewster, Kansas

Brewster is a city in Thomas County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 291 people lived there.

Brewster was named after L. D. Brewster, a railroad official. Brewster was a station and shipping point on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

The first post office in Brewster was created in September 1888.

Brewster is at (39.362878, -101.376552). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Brewster has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 291 people, 110 households, and 67 families living in Brewster. Of the households, 69.1% owned their home and 30.9% rented their home.

The median age was 34.3 years. Of the people, 88.3% were White, 1.0% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 5.2% were from some other race, and 5.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 305 people, 122 households, and 87 families living in Brewster.

Brewster is a part of USD 314 Brewster.


Bushton, Kansas

Bushton is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 203 people lived there.

Bushton was originally called Sorghum. It was created in the early 1880s. The name changed to Bushton in 1887. It was named "Bushton" because there were many wild bushes growing at the town site. Bushton was incorporated in 1907.

Bushton is at (38.512275, -98.396003). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 203 people, 92 households, and 59 families living in Bushton. Of the households, 76.1% owned their home and 23.9% rented their home.

The median age was 48.8 years. Of the people, 87.7% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 0.5% were from some other race, and 10.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 279 people, 117 households, and 78 families living in Bushton.

Bushton is a part of Central Plains USD 112 school district. Central Plains Middle School was in Bushton, but it closed in 2019.


Belpre, Kansas

Belpre is a city in Edwards County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 97 people lived there.

Belpre was created in 1879. It was incorporated in 1906. Belpre's name came from the French word "belle prairie" for "beautiful meadow".

The first post office in Belpre was created in 1879.

Belpre is at (37.950669, -99.099822). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Belpre has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Belpre has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 97 people, 40 households, and 28 families living in Belpre. Of the households, 75.0% owned their home and 25.0% rented their home.

The median age was 26.8 years. Of the people, 62.9% were White, 1.0% were Native American, 21.6% were from some other race, and 14.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 69.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 84 people, 34 households, and 18 families living in Belpre.

The 2000 census says that there were 104 people, 45 households, and 28 families living in Belpre.


Bronson, Kansas

Bronson is a city in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 304 people lived there.

Bronson was created in the 1880s. The first store and post office opened in September 1881. The city used to be named Wilsonville. It was renamed after Ira Bronson, a Fort Scott attorney. Bronson was moved to its current place when the Missouri Pacific Railroad passed the original town. 

Midway between Fort Scott and Iola on the highway and railroad, it became an important shipping and supply place for the agricultural area. Growth was slow but steady. In 1912, Bronson had two banks, an international money-order post office with four rural routes, express and telegraph offices, telephone connections, the semi-weekly "Bronson Pilot" newspaper, a downtown retail district, and public schools. 

In 1910 Bronson had the world's first horseshoe pitch tournament.

Bronson is at (37.895806, -95.073113). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. U.S. Route 54 intersects K-3 on Bronson's east side.

The 2020 census says there were 304 people, 107 households, and 79 families living in Bronson. Of the households, 73.8% owned their home and 26.2% rented their home.

The median age was 32.3 years. Of the people, 85.9% were White, 3.0% were Black, 0.7% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.3% were from some other race, and 9.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 323 people, 131 households, and 83 families living in Bronson.

The 2000 census says that there were 346 people, 147 households, and 93 families living in Bronson.

Bronson is a part of USD 235 Uniontown. The Uniontown High School mascot is Eagles.



Byers, Kansas

Byers is a city in Pratt County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 38 people lived there.

Byers was created in 1914. It was named after Otto Phillip Byers.

The first post office in Byers was created in April 1915.

Byers is at (37.787896, -98.867055). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 38 people, 15 households, and 11 families living in Byers.

The median age was 28.7 years. Of the people, 89.5% were White and 10.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 35 people, 15 households, and 9 families living in Byers.

The 2000 census says that there were 50 people, 20 households, and 18 families living in Byers.


Belvue, Kansas

Belvue is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 177 people lived there.

Belvue was planned out in 1871. The first post office in Belvue was created in May 1871.

Belvue is at (39.216297, -96.179001). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Belvue is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 177 people, 61 households, and 46 families living in Belvue. Of the households, 73.8% owned their home and 26.2% rented their home.

The median age was 31.6 years. Of the people, 85.3% were White, 0.6% were Asian, 2.3% were from some other race, and 11.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 205 people, 68 households, and 53 families living in Belvue.

The 2000 census says that there were 228 people, 75 households, and 54 families living in Belvue.


Brookville, Kansas

Brookville is a city in Saline County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 247 people lived there.

Brookville was planned out in 1870 when the Kansas Pacific Railway was built to that point. The first post office in Brookville was created in February 1870.

Brookville is at (38.773464, -97.868015). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Brookville has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Brookville has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

It is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 247 people, 92 households, and 62 families living in Brookville. Of the households, 78.3% owned their home and 21.7% rented their home.

The median age was 35.9 years. Of the people, 92.3% were White, 1.6% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.8% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 262 people, 101 households, and 72 families living in Brookville.

The 2000 census says that there were 259 people, 104 households, and 74 families living in Brookville.
Brookville is a part of USD 307 Ell-Saline.

One scene of the 1980 film "Up the Academy" was filmed in Brookville, where the boys drive off without paying for fuel.


Benedict, Kansas

Benedict is a city in Wilson County, Kansas, United States, along the Verdigris River. In 2020, 69 people lived there.

Benedict started in the year 1866. This was when a railroad was built through the area. Benedict was planned out at the junction of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and the Missouri Pacific Railroad. It was named after S. S. Benedict.

Benedict is at (37.627014, -95.743500). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Benedict has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Benedict has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 69 people, 33 households, and 19 families living in Benedict. Of the households, 81.8% owned their home and 18.2% rented their home.

The median age was 48.3 years. Of the people, 82.6% were White, 2.9% were Native American, and 14.5% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 73 people, 34 households, and 19 families living in Benedict.

The 2000 census says that there were 103 people, 46 households, and 23 families living in Benedict.

Benedict is a part of USD 484 Fredonia.

Benedict High School was closed because of school unification. The Benedict High School mascot was Bulldogs.


Plat

In the United States, a plat ( or ) (plan) is a map that shows the parts of a piece of land for where houses and buildings will be built.

After filing a plat, legal descriptions can start using block and lot-numbers instead of calling them portions of sections.

Amos Lapidot

Aluf Amos Lapidot (1934 – 20 November 2019) was an Israeli fighter pilot. He was the tenth Commander of the Israeli Air Force, a position he held from 1982 to 1987. Lapidot was born in Kfar Saba, Mandatory Palestine (now Israel). From 1998 to 2001 he was the President of Technion – Israel Institute of Technology.

Lapidot died on 20 November 2019 in Haifa, Israel at the age of 85.

John Mann (musician)

John Fraser Mann (September 18, 1962 – November 20, 2019) was a Canadian folk rock guitarist, singer-songwriter and actor. He was best known as the frontman of the folk rock band Spirit of the West. He was born in Calgary, Alberta. His best known acting role was as Slade Craven in "".

Mann went on to appear on several television shows as a guest actor, including "Cold Squad", "Dark Angel", "Stargate SG-1", "Battlestar Galactica", "Smallville" and "Da Vinci's Inquest". He has also played recurring characters in the series "Whistler", "Haunted", "Blood Ties" and "Intelligence".

In 2009 Mann was diagnosed with colorectal cancer and survived the disease in 2010 and again in 2011. In September 2014, Mann announced that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. Mann died in Vancouver on November 20, 2019 from the disease, at age 57.

Singapore Democratic Party

The Singapore Democratic Party (abbrev: SDP; ; ; ) is a social liberal political party in Singapore.

The party was founded in 1980 by Chiam See Tong, who as Secretary-General became the party's first Member of Parliament (MP) in 1984 when he was elected as MP for Potong Pasir. At the 1991 general election, the party's best ever performance, two further SDP members, Ling How Doong and Cheo Chai Chen, were elected to Parliament giving the party a total of three MPs. However, Chiam fell out with the party's Central Executive Committee in 1993 and subsequently left the party in December 1996. He was succeeded by Chee Soon Juan, who has remained the Secretary-General since the SDP's Ordinary Party Conference in 1995. The party has since focused more on a liberal human rights agenda but has yet to secure parliamentary representation since 1997 general election.

The party is a member of Liberal International and the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats.


Tanja M. Schuster

Tanja Magdalena Schuster is a taxonomist from Kaindorf, Austria and the first Pauline Ladiges Plant Systematics Fellow, holding a joint position with the School of Biosciences, University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, and the National Herbarium of Victoria, Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne. Schuster also worked as curator of the Norton-Brown Herbarium at the University of Maryland, College Park.

In 2011, Schuster created the genus "Duma" for some species previously placed in "Muehlenbeckia", but which were shown by molecular phylogenetic studies to form a distinct clade. The name is derived from the Latin for "thorn-bush."


Schuster is listed in the International Plant Names Index as the author or co-author of 62 names, including:

Giorgi Gakharia

Giorgi Gakharia (; born 19 March, 1975) is a Georgian politician. He was the Prime Minister from 8 September 2019 to 18 February 2021.

Wicked Lips

Wicked Lips is the fifth extended play by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea. It was released on December 2, 2019, by Bad Dream Records and Empire.


Planck epoch

The Planck epoch is the earliest period of time in the history of the universe, before the time passed was equal to the Planck time (tₚ) ; that is from zero to approximately 10⁻⁴³ seconds. The Planck scale is the physical scale beyond which current physical theories may not apply and cannot be used to calculate what happened. At this time scale, all physical quantities like temperatures, energies etc were in the range of Planck units values. During the Planck epoch, the temperature and average energies within the universe were so high that even subatomic particles could not form and even the four fundamental forces that shape our universe were combined and formed one unified fundamental force.

Traditional Big Bang cosmology predicts a gravitational singularity before this time, but this theory relies on the theory of general relativity, which is thought to break down for this epoch due to quantum effects. Due to the extraordinarily small scale of the universe at that time, the quantum effects of gravity were the strongest and it is believed that cosmology and physics are assumed to have been dominated by the quantum effects of gravity. At this scale, the unified force is assumed to be unified with gravitation. Immeasurably hot and dense state of the Planck epoch is succeeded by the grand unification epoch, where gravitation force is separated from the unified fundamental force.


No Safe Spaces

No Safe Spaces is a 2019 documentary movie. It is about political disagreements and the freedom of speech. It stars Dennis Prager and Adam Carolla. This movie argues that conservative speakers should be allowed to speak at universities. It shows how left wing protestors in the United States and Canada have sometimes prevented this. It criticizes safe spaces where university students might go to avoid views they disagree with. It is now showing as a video on demand.
Ben Shapiro, Tim Allen, Van Jones, Alan Dershowitz, Ann Coulter, and Cornel West, are also in this movie. The movie shows Barack Obama saying that students should argue with people they disagree with, and not silence them.
Many people have gone to see this movie, even though many critics did not like it. Critics from "the Denver Post" and "Los Angeles Times" did not like the movie. But reviewers from "the Chicago Tribune" and "Variety" did like it.
A small number of movie theaters began showing this movie on October 25, 2019. Because it did well, many more theaters began showing this movie on December 6, 2019.
This movie ends with a post-credits scene.


Little Willie

Little Willie was a prototype in the development of the British Mark I tank. Constructed in the autumn of 1915 at the behest of the Landship Committee, it was the first completed tank prototype in history.

SI derived unit

A SI derived unit is a unit of measurement that can be expressed as a combination of one or more SI base units, or that has no dimension. There are special names for 22 of these units. One example of such a unit is the Hertz, which is defined as one per second, or s

Brownell, Kansas

Brownell is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 23 people lived there.

Brownell was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad. The community was named after a Mr. Brownell, a railroad official.

The first post office in Brownell was created in 1880, but the post office was called Vansburgh until 1888.

Brownell is at (38.639630, -99.745801). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Brownell has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Brownell has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2010 census says that there were 29 people, 16 households, and 8 families living in Brownell.

Western Plains USD 106 serves Arnold, Bazine, Brownell, Ransom and Utica.


Kechi, Kansas

Kechi is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 2,217 people lived there.

Kechi was named after the Kichai people.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad north-south from Herington through Kechi to Caldwell. It closed in 1891. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway then owned it, but it closed in 1980. It reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad. It merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad. It merged again in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most people still call this railroad the "Rock Island".

The first post office in Kechi was created in 1888.

Kechi is at (37.795228, -97.278660). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of >. Of that, is land and is water.

Kechi is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,217 people, 840 households, and 661 families living in Kechi. Of the households, 82.4% owned their home and 17.6% rented their home.

The median age was 41.2 years. Of the people, 82.9% were White, 4.6% were Black, 2.0% were Asian, 1.0% were Native American, 2.5% were from some other race, and 6.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,909 people, 701 households, and 566 families living in Kechi.


Kismet, Kansas

Kismet is a city in Seward County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 459 people lived there.

The first post office in Kismet was created in November 1888.

Kismet is at (37.204493, -100.701658). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 340 people, 124 households, and 101 families living in Kismet. Of the households, 71.0% owned their home and 29.0% rented their home.

The median age was 37.5 years. Of the people, 69.1% were White, 2.9% were Native American, 1.8% were Asian, 0.9% were Black, 14.1% were from some other race, and 11.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 32.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 459 people, 145 households, and 115 families living in Kismet.

Kismet is a part of USD 483 Southwestern Heights. The district high school, Southwestern Heights, is between Kismet and Plains. The Southwestern Heights High School mascot is Southwestern Heights Mustangs.

Kismet High School was closed because of school unification. The Kismet High School mascot was Kismet Pirates.


Kanorado, Kansas

Kanorado is a city in Sherman County, Kansas, United States. The name is a portmanteau of Kansas and Colorado. In 2020, 153 people lived there.

The first post office in Kanorado was created in 1889, but the post office was called Lamborn until 1903.

Kanorado is at (39.3330542, -102.0379596). It is Exit 1 off of Interstate 70 in Kansas. On February 10, 2016 the Kansas House of Representatives passed a Resolution (Res.#6033) designating the City of Kanorado as the "Top City" of Kansas. This is because it is the highest city in Kansas. Its elevation is 3,907 feet (the state high point is 4,039-foot Mount Sunflower). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. Kanorado is located in Sherman County.

In 1873, the book Cutler's History of the State of Kansas said the county was "very flat and had almost no trees. Beaver Creek, Little Beaver and both forks of the Sappa River, rise in this county, and the North Fork of the Smoky Hill, passes from Colorado into the south part of the county, and out of it into Wallace." In the main, farming is by irrigation.

The 2020 census says that there were 153 people, 61 households, and 44 families living in Kanorado. Of the households, 88.5% owned their home and 11.5% rented their home.

The median age was 44.5 years. Of the people, 74.5% were White, 1.3% were Black, 11.1% were from some other race, and 13.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 29.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 153 people, 73 households, and 44 families living in Kanorado.

Kanorado is a part of USD 352 Goodland.

Kanorado schools were closed because of school unification. The Kanorado High School mascot was Kanorado Bears.


Kirwin, Kansas

Kirwin is a city in Phillips County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 139 people lived there.

Kirwin was created in 1869. It was named after Col. John Kirwin, who led a stockade at the town place. Kirwin was incorporated as a city in 1880.

Kirwin was on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Kirwin is at (39.672052, −99.121931). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 139 people, 65 households, and 43 families living in Kirwin. Of the households, 76.9% owned their home and 23.1% rented their home.

The median age was 45.3 years. Of the people, 84.9% were White, 2.2% were Native American, and 12.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 171 people, 87 households, and 42 families living in Kirwin.

Kirwin is a part of USD 110 Thunder Ridge schools in Kensington. The Thunder Ridge High School mascot is Thunder Ridge Longhorns.

Kirwin schools were closed because of school unification. The Kirwin High School mascot was Kirwin Wildcats.


Kincaid, Kansas

Kincaid is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 103 people lived there.

Kincaid was created in 1885. It was named after Robert Kincaid, of Mound City.

Kincaid is at (38.083502, -95.153612). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 103 people, 46 households, and 28 families living in Kincaid. Of the households, 73.9% owned their home and 26.1% rented their home.

The median age was 42.3 years. Of the people, 91.3% were White, 2.9% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, and 4.9% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 122 people, 56 households, and 30 families living in Kincaid.

The Kincaid has a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 2nd Monday of each month at 7PM.

Kincaid is part of Unified School District 479.


Kensington, Kansas

Kensington is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 399 people lived there.

Kensington was created in 1887. It was incorporated as a city in 1900.

Kensington was on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

The first post office in Kensington was created in January 1888.

Kensington is at (39.766702, -99.03285). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
The 2020 census says that there were 399 people, 181 households, and 109 families living in Kensington. Of the households, 85.6% owned their home and 14.4% rented their home.

The median age was 46.8 years. Of the people, 94.7% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.3% were Pacific Islanders, 0.3% were from some other race, and 3.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 473 people, 203 households, and 126 families living in Kensington.

The Kensington government consists of a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 2nd Monday of each month at 5:30PM.

Kensington is a part of USD 110 Thunder Ridge Schools. The Thunder Ridge High School mascot is the Thunder Ridge Longhorns.

Before school unification, the Kensington High School mascot was Kensington Goldbugs.


Kiowa, Kansas

Kiowa is a city in Barber County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 902 people lived there.

Kiowa was created in 1872. It was named after the Kiowa people.

On June 7, 1900, anti-saloon advocate Carrie Nation vandalized her first saloon in Kiowa.

In 1905, the Denver, Enid and Gulf Railroad was built from Enid, Oklahoma to Kiowa. In 1907, it was sold to the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. In 1996, the railroad from Kiowa to Blanton, Oklahoma was abandoned.

Kiowa is at (37.017405, -98.484819). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 902 people, 404 households, and 230 families living in Kiowa. Of the households, 84.7% owned their home and 15.3% rented their home.

The median age was 43.9 years. Of the people, 90.8% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.4% were Pacific Islanders, 1.9% were from some other race, and 6.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,026 people, 466 households, and 273 families living in Kiowa.

Kiowa is a part of USD 255 South Barber.

The Kiowa Chieftains won the Kansas State High School class B Track & Field championship in 1940.

"The Kiowa News" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.



Sun City, Kansas

Sun City is a city in Barber County, Kansas, United States, along the Medicine Lodge River. As of the 2020 census, 37 people lived there.

Sun City was founded in 1872. The first post office in Sun City was founded in August 1873.

Sun City is at (37.379041, -98.917485).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Sun City has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Sun City has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

As of the 2020 census, there were 37 people living in the city. There were 14 households.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 53 people, 23 households, and 16 families living in the city.

Caldwell, Kansas

Caldwell is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,025 people lived there.

Near Caldwell is a precontact Plains Village period settlement called the Buresh site. It has clues about Native American ways of life European and African Americans came.

Caldwell was created in 1871. It is named after Senator Alexander Caldwell. Caldwell was incorporated as a city in 1879. The first post office in Caldwell was created in May 1871. The Chisholm Trail went along the east side of Caldwell from 1867 to 1871.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad north-south from Herington to Caldwell. This branch line connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. This branch line was made longer to reach Pond Creek, Oklahoma in 1888, and connected Caldwell, Renfrow, Medford, Jefferson (the original Pond Creek). By 1893, it was incrementally built to Fort Worth, Texas. This railroad closed in 1891. It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway. That closed in 1980. It reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad. Then it merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad. It merged again in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still call this railroad the "Rock Island.

Caldwell is at (37.034077, -97.609022). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Caldwell has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Caldwell has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,025 people, 469 households, and 255 families living in Caldwell. Of the households, 74.4% owned their home and 25.6% rented their home.

The median age was 42.8 years. Of the people, 90.5% were White, 1.3% were Native American, 0.5% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 1.8% were from some other race, and 5.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.5% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 1,068 people, 495 households, and 277 families residing in the city.

The Caldwell Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport. It is one nautical mile (1.15 mi, 1.85 km) east of Caldwell's central business district.



Cherokee, Kansas

Cherokee is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 590 people lived there.

Cherokee was created in 1870. This was when the a railroad was built through the area. It was named after Cherokee County, where it was incorrectly thought to be located.

The first post office in Cherokee was created in August 1870.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 590 people, 246 households, and 151 families living in Cherokee. Of the households, 74.0% owned their home and 26.0% rented their home.

The median age was 41.4 years. Of the people, 90.7% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.3% were from some other race, and 8.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 714 people, 289 households, and 187 families living in Cherokee.

The Cherokee government consists of a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 2nd Thursday of each month at 6:30PM.

Cherokee is a part of USD 247 Southeast. The Southeast High School mascot is Lancers.

Crawford County Community High School in Cherokee was closed because school unification.



Jackie Moore (singer)

Jackie Moore (1946 – November 8, 2019) was an American R&B singer. She was best known for her gold single 1970 song "Precious, Precious," which reached No. 30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. She was also known for her 1979 disco hit "This Time Baby".

Herb Dickenson

John Herbert Dickenson (June 11, 1931 – November 12, 2019) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. He played in the NHL for the New York Rangers.

Dickenson died on November 12, 2019 in Brantford, Ontario at the age of 88.

Purita Campos

Purificación "Purita" Campos Sánchez (August 18, 1937 – November 19, 2019) was a Spanish cartoonist, illustrator and painter. She was born in Barcelona. She worked for the Bruguera publishing house with the character of "Lily". 

Campos began working in 1971 for English magazines. Beginning in 1970, her long-running comics, including "" ("Esther y su mundo" in Spanish) and in 1974 she was the creator of Tina's character in "Princess Tina" magazine.

Campos died in Madrid on November 19, 2019 at the age of 82.

Fred Cox

Fred William Cox (December 11, 1938 – November 20, 2019) was an American kicker for the Minnesota Vikings. He played college football at Pitt. He was also the inventor of the Nerf football.

Cox died on November 20, 2019 in Monticello, Minnesota of kidney disease at the age of 80.

John Martin (American racing driver)

John Martin (March 30, 1939 – November 20, 2019) was an American racing driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series. He raced in the 1970-1977 and 1979-1980 seasons, with 52 career starts, including the 1972-1976 Indianapolis 500 races. 

He finished in the top ten 17 times, with his best finish in 5th position at Ontario Motor Speedway in both 1973 and 1975. His best points result was 11th in the 1975 USAC National Championship.

Martin was born in Long Beach, California. He died on November 20, 2019 at the age of 80.

Michael Bloomberg 2020 presidential campaign

The Michael Bloomberg 2020 presidential campaign was a presidential campaign of former Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg for the 2020 presidential election. It was suspended in 4 March 2020. It was filed a statement of candidacy with the Federal Election Commission for the office of President of the United States as a member of the Democratic Party on November 21, 2019. His principal campaign committee was called "Mike Bloomberg 2020, Inc." The campaign officially launched on November 24, 2019.

On March 5, 2019, Bloomberg announced that he would not run for president in 2020. As late as October 14, 2019, a day before the Democratic Party's fourth presidential debate, it was reported that Bloomberg was “still looking at” a bid due to the fall of Joe Biden's polling numbers.

On November 7, 2019, Bloomberg announced that he was taking steps to enter the 2020 United States presidential election, and on November 8 he officially filed for the Alabama Democratic presidential primary.

Bloomberg said that he would skip the early primary states in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina and focus on primaries on and after Super Tuesday. Bloomberg's total spending in the primary passed $500 million, making it the most money spent on a presidential primary campaign in American history.

On Super Tuesday, Bloomberg won the American Samoa caucus which brought his first and only victory in his campaign. He ended his campaign the next day on March 4, 2020 and announced his support of Joe Biden.

Poison ivy

Poison ivy ("Toxicodendron radicans") is a vine. It is well-known for causing a rash. The rash is urushiol-induced contact dermatitis. Urushiol is the chemical in the ivy that hurts the skin. The plant grows the urushiol so animals will not eat it. The rash itches and it can cause pain.

The vine's leaves come in threes, with a shiny appearance caused by the oil on the leaves. It is a common weed in the eastern North America and parts of China.

Wataru Misaka

Wataru "Wat" Misaka (December 21, 1923 – November 20, 2019) was an American professional basketball player. He was the first non-white player and the first player of Asian descent to play in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Misaka played college basketball for the Utah Utes. He played three games for the New York Knicks in 1947. He was born in Ogden, Utah.

Misaka died at the age of 95 on November 20, 2019 in Salt Lake City.

Yaşar Büyükanıt

General Mehmet Yaşar Büyükanıt (1 September 1940 – 21 November 2019) was a Turkish military official. He was the 25th Chief of the Turkish General Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces, from 28 August 2006 to 28 August 2008.

Büyükanıt died on 21 November 2019 at a hospital in Istanbul of heart and respiratory failure at the age of 79.

Harley D. Nygren

Rear Admiral Harley Dean Nygren (December 12, 1924 – November 17, 2019) was an American military officer and photographer. He was in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps and in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps (NOAA Corps). He was the first Director of the NOAA Corps from 1970 through 1981.

Nygren was born in Seattle, Washington. He died on November 17, 2019 at the age of 94.

Bengt-Erik Grahn

Bengt-Erik Grahn (30 April 1941 – 21 November 2019) was a Swedish alpine skier. He competed in the slalom and giant slalom at the 1964 and 1968 Winter Olympics. His best result was a 31st place in the downhill event in 1964 (February 2, 1964). He was born in Dikanäs, Vilhelmina, Sweden.

Grahn died on 21 November 2019 at the age of 78.

Golden algae

The Chrysophyceae (golden-brown algae or golden algae) are a large group of algae found mostly in freshwater. 

Golden algae is also a common term. It refers to a species, "Prymnesium parvum", which kills fish in large numbers (causes 'fish kills').
The main type of chrysophyte cell has two specialized flagella. The active, "feathered" flagellum points toward the moving direction. The smooth passive flagellum, points in the opposite direction.

An important characteristic used to identify members of the Chrysophyceae is the presence of a siliceous cyst that is formed internally.

However, some members of the group are amoeboid (move like amoeba), and some are sessile. Unfortunately, every expert who has studied this group has come up with a different classification. It seems that their ancestor did not do photosynthesis, but later on groups separately evolved their own methods of using sunlight.

Planned Parenthood v. Casey

Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 505 U.S. 833 (1992), was a landmark decision case of the Supreme Court of the United States about abortion. In an opinion, the Court supported the right to have an abortion as given in "Roe v. Wade" (1973).

The case came from a challenge to five provisions of the Pennsylvania Abortion Control Act of 1982.

On June 24, 2022, the final opinion of "Dobbs v. Jackson" overturned both "Casey" and "Roe". 

Arcadia, Kansas

Arcadia is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 254 people lived there.

Arcadia was founded in 1862. It was named for the ancient region of Arcadia, in Greece.

The first post office in Arcadia was founded in June 1867.

Arcadia was a station on the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway.

Arcadia is at (37.641233, -94.624028).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census, there were 254 people, 128 households, and 69 families living in the city. Of the households, 72.7% owned their home and 27.3% rented their home.

The median age was 45.5 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 1.2% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.0% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 310 people, 136 households, and 79 families living in the city.


Burden, Kansas

Burden is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 512 people lived there.


Palmer, Kansas

Palmer is a city in Washington County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 125 people lived there.

Palmer was founded in 1878. It was named for J. Palmer, a teacher.

The first post office in Palmer was founded in June 1878.

Palmer is at (39.632737, -97.140028).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Palmer has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification says that Palmer has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census said that there were 125 people, 55 households, and 37 families living in Palmer. Of the households, 78.2% owned their home and 21.8% rented their home.

The median age was 41.1 years. Of the people, 98.4% were White, 0.8% were from some other race, and 0.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 111 people, 50 households, and 34 families living in the city.


Colony, Kansas

Colony is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 381 people lived there.

Colony was created in 1872. This was when a railroad was built through the area. It was named after a colony from Ohio and Indiana, which settled in the neighborhood.

The railroad tracks in Colony have since been changed to a rail trail. The trail is part of the Prairie Spirit Trail State Park.

Colony is at (38.070803, -95.366109). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Colony has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Colony has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 381 people, 154 households, and 99 families living in Colony. Of the households, 78.6% owned their home and 21.4% rented their home.

The median age was 43.3 years. Of the people, 91.9% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.3% Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 6.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 408 people, 177 households, and 112 families living in Colony.

Colony is part of USD 479 Crest.



Villars-sous-Yens

Villars-sous-Yens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Cambridge, Kansas

Cambridge is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 92 people lived there.

When the Kansas City, Lawrence & Southern Railroad was built a mile south of Lazette, a new place was created by Benjamin H. Clover on May 3, 1880. Cambridge was named after Cambridge University, in England. The first post office in Cambridge was created on January 30, 1880.

On December 15, 1880 the Atchison Topeka & Santa Fe Railway got nearly all the stock of the Kansas City, Lawrence & Southern Railroad. They operated the railroad as the Southern Kansas Railroad. Cambridge was a station and shipping point on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.

Cambridge Public Emergency Radio Tower is one of two former emergency transmission facilities built during the Cold War.

Cambridge is at (37.317776, -96.667166). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. Cambridge is on US Route 160 at State Highway 7. Cambridge is 45 miles southeast of Wichita.

Cambridge has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cambridge has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 92 people, 43 households, and 34 families living in Cambridge. Of the households, 86.0% owned their home and 14.0% rented their home.

The median age was 42.0 years. Of the people, 84.8% were White, 5.4% were Native American, 1.1% were from some other race, and 8.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 82 people, 39 households, and 28 families living in Cambridge.

Cambridge is a part of USD 462 Central of Burden. The Burden High School mascot is Burden Raiders.


Cherryvale, Kansas

Cherryvale is a city in Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 2,192 people lived there.

Cherryvale was created on the land of the Osage Indians. The Osage had to leave because veterans of the American Civil War were looking for land. The first white man to buy land and settle in Cherryvale was Mr. Abe Eaton. He later sold his land to the Kansas City, Lawrence & Southern Kansas Railroad. That railroad became the Leavenworth, Lawrence & Galveston Railway. It then became the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, which used the line for much of the 20th century. The town site was platted by the railroad in 1871. It was named Cherryvale because of its place in the valley of Cherry Creek.

Between 1871 and 1873, at least eleven people disappeared in an inn and general store operated by the Bender family. It was about eight miles () northeast of Cherryvale. After the Benders disappeared in 1873, it was found that they had killed many travelers. Between eight and eleven bodies were found buried in the area. Governor Thomas A. Osborn offered a reward of $2,000 for anyone who could find and catch the Benders, but they were never found.

The main part of the town was destroyed by fire in 1873, but was soon rebuilt. In 1880, Cherryvale became was incorporated. Natural gas was found here in 1889. Oil was found several years later.

Cherryvale is at (37.268010, -95.550778). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water. Is self-described as the "Gateway to Big Hill Lake."

Cherryvale has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cherryvale has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,192 people, 874 households, and 543 families living in Cherryvale. Of the households, 68.9% owned their home and 31.1% rented their home.

The median age was 39.3 years. Of the people, 87.2% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 0.9% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 9.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,367 people, 930 households, and 615 families living in Cherryvale.



Buchillon

Buchillon is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Hatchet (novel)

Hatchet is a novel by American writer Gary Paulsen. It is about a boy named Brian who is in a plane crash. He has to survive out in the wild. There are also four more books in the complete saga, which means series, and they continue with Brian's story. =
The series is called "Brian's Saga". They are:


Hatchet begins with the crash. The man flying the plane is called a pilot, and he has a heart attack. Brian tries to fly the plane, but it crashes into a lake. Brian survives, but the pilot does not. He is very tired and weak, so he rests by a tree. Mosquitoes, biting bugs who suck blood and leave itchy bumps, bite him during dawn, when the sun rises, and dusk, when the sun falls. Brian wakes up and eats some berries that make him sick, so he is careful the next day. Then he finds some sweet raspberries and meets a bear. Brian escapes without getting hurt. He keeps living in the wild for fifty-four days.

Linn, Kansas

Linn is a city in Washington County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 387 people lived there.

Linn was founded in 1877. It was named after Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri.

The first post office in Linn was founded in January 1878.

Linn is at (39.680240, -97.085422).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 387 people, 153 households, and 94 families living in Linn. Of the households, 64.7% owned their home and 35.3% rented their home.

The median age was 42.3 years. Of the people, 80.9% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 10.9% were from some other race, and 7.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 22.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 410 people, 152 households, and 97 families living in the city.


Warner, Oklahoma

Warner is a town in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Haddam, Kansas

Haddam is a city in Washington County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 110 people lived there.

Haddam was founded in 1869. It was named after Haddam, Connecticut. In 1874, the rival town of West Haddam merged with Haddam.

Haddam is at (39.856335, -97.302865).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 110 people, 33 households, and 24 families living in Haddam. Akk of the households owned their home.

The median age was 33.8 years. Of the people, 92.7% were White, 1.8% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 104 people, 52 households, and 29 families living in the city.

Haddam is served by USD 108 Washington County Schools. The Washington County High School mascot is Tigers.

School unification consolidated Morrowville and Haddam schools into Morrowville-Haddam schools in 1967. The high school was in Morrowville. The grade school in Haddam.

The Haddam High School mascot was Haddam Hounds.


Haddam, Connecticut

Haddam is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 8,452 at the 2020 census. The town was also home to the now decommissioned Connecticut Yankee nuclear reactor.


Edna, Kansas

Edna is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 388 people lived there.

The first store in Edna was opened in 1876. The first post office in Edna was founded in April 1878. The town of Edna was platted in the summer of 1886 when the railroad was extended to that point.

Edna was named in 1876 for a child, Edna Gragory.

Edna is at (37.058485, -95.359175).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Edna has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Edna has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

As of the 2020 census, there were 388 people, 153 households, and 101 families living in the city. Of the households, 77.1% owned their home and 22.9% rented their home.

The median age was 41.3 years. Of the people, 82.2% were White, 5.7% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, and 11.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.3% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 442 people, 183 households, and 122 families living in the city.

Edna is served by USD 506 Labette County.

Edna High School was closed through school unification. The Edna High School mascot was Pirates.


Derby Playhouse

Derby Playhouse was a theatre production company based in Derby. It was also the former name of the theatre it owned and operated. The theatre opened in 1975. In 2008, the company ceased and the theatre closed. 
The Derby Playhouse company had a national reputation for its productions. It premiered new theatrical works and the regional premieres of others.

In 2009, the theatre was reopened as the Derby Theatre. It is owned and operated by the University of Derby. 

In 1948, the original Playhouse opened as the Little Theatre in a converted church hall on Becket Street. 
In 1952, the company moved to a venue in Sacheverel Street.
In 1956, it survived a major fire.

In the 1960s and early 1970s the British government invested in the Arts Council of Great Britain's "Housing the Arts" fund. The fund enabled cities to renovate existing theatres and commission new ones. In response, the company formed the New Theatre Trust to fund its own purpose-built theatre. Roderick Ham was commissioned to design the new theatre. 
Derby City Council offered the land. This was part of the new Eagle Centre shopping development. 
The new Derby Playhouse was opened on 20 September 1975 by the 11th Duke of Devonshire. It had a seating capacity of 535.
In 2002, the company had money problems. It had a debt of £400,000, the biggest in its history, and it nearly closed. 
By 2004 it had recovered and was breaking box-office records.

In 2007, the company again ran into serious money problems. The Board of Trustees of the theatre asked Derby City Council to advance £40,000 from their 2008 grant. It was refused. On 29 November, the Board of Trustees of the theatre announced that it was going into voluntary liquidation and that performances would immediately stop. 
Nevertheless, the cast and crew of "Treasure Island" put on that evening's performance. 
After the curtain call, the cast were joined on stage by the staff, the theatre's chief executive and director of the show (Karen Hebden), and two former chairmen of the Playhouse board (Michael Hall, and Jonathan Powers). They addressed the audience and press and asked them to fight for the city's theatre and get the Playhouse open again. 
The following day, the Board of Trustees announced that the company had been put into administration.

The administrators allowed the Playhouse to reopen on 7 December 2007 to finish its run of "Treasure Island". 
The theatre was being operated by a skeleton of essential staff, initially working unpaid. A fund was set up to accept donations to keep the Playhouse going. It was now operating as a charitable trust and relied on ticket sales and donations alone. Tickets for a Spring/Summer 2008 season had already been on sale before the closure. They were put back on sale while an appeal was made to the Arts Council. The Arts Council refused the appeal in January 2008. The theatre closed after the last performance of "Treasure Island" on 2 February 2008.

On 30 July 2008, the creditors voted to accept a rescue package put together by the company's new board of trustees. 
The theatre reopened on 13 September 2008 with "The Killing of Sister George". This ran until 18 October. 
It was the company's last production. The theatre was then sold to the University of Derby. It reopened in October 2009 as the Derby Theatre.

The new Derby Playhouse opened with "My Fair Lady". 
The first season also included "Hamlet" and Alan Bates in "The Seagull". 
Mark Woolgar was Resident Director for the first five seasons. Plays by Shakespeare, Shaw, Ibsen, Ayckbourn, Orton and Coward were put on.
In 1980, Christopher Honer joined the Playhouse as Artistic Director. Over the next seven years, the Playhouse's productions included "All My Sons" with Miranda Richardson, "Piaf" with Caroline Quentin, "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" starring Ben Roberts. New plays included Rony Robinson's "The Brewery Beano" and Don Shaw's "The Conspirator".
Box office successes included "Funny Peculiar", "Having A Ball!" and "Blood Brothers". During this time, the Derby Playhouse Studio, under the direction of John North, David Milne and Claire Grove, provided a year-round programme of productions. They also put on community tours and a Theatre in Education programme.

In 1987, Annie Castledine became Artistic Director. During the next three years, the Playhouse saw a completely different style of theatre. Plays included "The Innocent Mistress", "The Children's Hour" and "The Dark at the Top of the Stairs" and classic plays such as "A Doll's House" and "Jane Eyre". Other plays included "Arsenic and Old Lace", "Gaslight" and "Noises Off" alongside new work such as "Sunday's Children", "The Queen of Spades", "Selling the Sizzle" and "Self Portrait". There was a series of co-productions with the companies Shared Experience, Paines Plough and Temba. During this period, the theatre's productions became known for the strength of their on-stage visual imagery. The Playhouse was shortlisted for the Prudential Awards.
In the summer of 1990, Derbyshire County Council cut their entire arts budget. This took £130,000 of revenue grant from the Playhouse. 
The City Council offered the theatre a small grant. This enabled the Playhouse to continue to operate. According to Lyn Gardner writing in "The Guardian", "it was Castledine's head that was demanded by the council as the price of underwriting the theatre's deficit." Castledine left the Playhouse.

From the summer of 1990 to Christmas 1991, Executive Director, David Edwards, was in charge of the programme. This ended with the Playhouse's production of "Hobson's Choice". This won the Theatrical Management Association's Regional Theatre Award for Best Overall Production.

In spring 1991, Mark Clements was appointed Artistic Director. His first season opened with a production of "And A Nightingale Sang". The production of John Godber's "On The Piste", was repeated later in the year, and again in 2001. Godber's work remained a popular part of the programme while Clements' was in charge. During the Clements period the programme included a variety of work, ranging from classics such as "Death of a Salesman", Aphra Behn's "Lucky Chance" and Shakespeare's "Richard III", to contemporary drama such as "Our Boys", "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice" and "Children of a Lesser God", and newly commissioned work such as "Tess of the d'Urbervilles", "Passion Killers" and "Blood Money". 
Musicals became an important part of the programme, including "Grease", "Little Shop of Horrors", "Cabaret" and "Assassins". The pantomimes written by Mark Clements and Michael Vivian drew in record numbers at Christmas time.
In 2002, Mark Clements and David Edwards left the company. Karen Hebden was appointed as chief executive and Stephen Edwards as Creative Producer. Over the following years the Playhouse gained a national reputation for its productions.
There were in-house productions of "", "Into the Woods", "Company" and "Merrily We Roll Along". 
Three of these productions featured Glenn Carter. One of these was a new music drama, "Moon Landing", in which he played Buzz Aldrin. It was written, composed and directed by Stephen Edwards. "Moon Landing" was nominated in the Best Musical Production category of the 2008 TMA Awards. 
An original cast recording of the final performance was made. The company's last production before its permanent closure was "The Killing of Sister George" starring Jenny Eclair and directed by Cal McCrystal. Its run ended on 18 October 2008. The rest of the 2008 autumn season, including the Christmas production of "Peter Pan", was cancelled.


Derby Theatre

Derby Theatre is a theatre in Derby. It is in the Intu Derby shopping centre. It used to be known as the Derby Playhouse. It was owned and run by Derby Playhouse Ltd from its opening in 1975 until 2008, when the company ceased operating. The theatre reopened in 2009 as the Derby Theatre under the ownership of the University of Derby. The university use it as a professional and learning theatre. It has a 531 seat main auditorium and a 110-seat studio theatre.

The Derby Playhouse closed in 2008. The theatre was reopened in October 2009 as the Derby Theatre under the ownership of the University of Derby. The first two productions were by the Derby Gilbert & Sullivan Company who performed "The Gondoliers" and "The Mikado". 

The University of Derby originally operated the venue in partnership with Derby LIVE, the city council's performing arts programme. The theatre being used for both visiting professional companies and as a learning and community theatre. This partnership came to end in March 2012. The University continued to operate the theatre with the support of the Arts Council England. 
From May 2012, Derby Theatre received £923,000 from the Arts Council England to support a three year Learning Theatre Pilot programme. The University gave up to £500,000 per year from its Arts fund.

The theatre held a fundraising campaign to help with restoration costs. The main auditorium seating and carpets were refurbished in August 2012. 
The old Arts College and Metro Cinema building on Green Lane was restored. It is an historic building owned by the University of Derby. It was adapted for the theatre's use. It has spaces for rehearsals, prop storage, and the wardrobe department. In December 2012, it was opened by the theatre's newly appointed Artistic Director, Sarah Brigham; general manager, Gary Johnson; and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Derby, John Coyne.

In November 2013, the Esmée Fairbairn Foundation awarded a grant of £164,000 to the theatre. This was to support the development of its work as a learning theatre and to focus on supporting emerging artists, developing creative skills and working with community groups.

From its opening in 2009, former actor, Gary Johnson, was the Derby Theatre's general manager. He left in November 2015. 
In January 2013, Sarah Brigham became the theatre's first resident Artistic Director. Brigham later became both Chief Executive and Artistic Director.

In 2012, the first season of works included "Yes, Prime Minister", "Funny Peculiar", "Horrible Histories" and a co-production of "The Butterfly Lion" in association with New Perspectives Theatre Company and Curve Theatre. 
Autumn 2012 productions included "Radio Times", "Three Men in a Boat", "Driving Miss Daisy" and "The Haunting", a musical theatre adaptation of "Charlotte's Web" in conjunction with The Birmingham Stage Company.

The 2013 season featured productions of "The Pitmen Painters", "James and the Giant Peach" and a new touring production of "Birdsong". Since its re-opening, the theatre has staged an annual children's classic during the Christmas season. 

In May 2013, the first production commissioned and produced by the theatre under the artistic directorship of Sarah Brigham was Lee Hall’s Cooking with Elvis, directed by Mark Babych. 
In September 2013, The first show directed by Sarah Brigham was "Kes". It featured former "Skins" actor Sam Jackson in his first stage role. Visiting productions included "Go Back for Murder" and "September in the Ratn" and a co-production with the Mercury Theatre, Colchester of "The Opinion Makers" by Brian Mitchell and Joseph Nixon. 

In December 2013, the theatre teamed up with Birmingham Stage Company again to produce "Horrible Histories Horrible Christmas", directed by Phil Clark. The author Terry Deary attended the first preview performance and launched the Derby citywide Plus One scheme.

In November 2013, the theatre was recognised for its partnership with the University of Derby by winning the Excellence and Innovation in the Arts award at the 2013 THE Awards.

Blanche McIntyre won the award for Best Director for The Seagull, a co-production with Headlong, Nuffield, Southampton and Derby Theatre at the UK Theatre Awards 2013.


Geezer Butler

Terence Michael Joseph "Geezer" Butler (born 17 July 1949) is an English musician and songwriter. Butler is best known as the bassist and primary lyricist of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. He has also recorded and performed with Heaven and Hell, GZR, and Ozzy Osbourne. He was the bassist of Deadland Ritual from 2017-2021.

Butler received the nickname "Geezer" when he was about eight years old. This was because he "used to call everybody Geezer" at school. "It was just a slang term for a man." 

Butler grew up in a working-class Irish Catholic family in Birmingham. Butler was one of seven children. The family were poor.

As a teenager, Butler was heavily influenced by the writing of Aleister Crowley. By his late teens, he had stopped attending Mass. He feels that everyone should sooner or later decide for themselves what to believe in. "I was going to Mass every Sunday just to take a look at all the nice girls that were going there". 

In autumn 1967, Butler formed his first band, Rare Breed. John "Ozzy" Osbourne joined as lead vocalist. Butler was dating a girl who lived near Tony Iommi. Iommi's earliest memories of Butler was of seeing him walking past his house every day to visit her. Iommi and Butler became acquainted when their bands played at a nearby nightclub. Butler and Osbourne joined guitarist Iommi and drummer Bill Ward in the band Polka Tulk. They renamed their new band Earth, but a band already existed with that name, so they were forced to change the name again. In early 1969, inspired by the Boris Karloff horror film of the same name, Butler suggested the name Black Sabbath.

In his pre-Sabbath days, inspired by John Lennon, Butler played rhythm guitar. When Sabbath was formed, Iommi made it clear that he did not want to play with another guitarist, so Butler moved to bass. According to Butler, "I'd never played bass until I was on stage at the first gig that we played. Borrowed the bass guitar off one of my friends and it only had three strings on it." 
Butler lists Jack Bruce of Cream as his biggest influence as a bassist. Iommi described Butler as being "from another planet" in the band's early days; he took LSD, wore Indian hippie dresses, and was very peaceful. At the time Black Sabbath was formed, Butler was studying to become an accountant, and this training resulted in him managing the band's finances in the early days.

After Black Sabbath fired vocalist Ozzy Osbourne in 1979, Butler also briefly left the band to deal with the divorce from his first wife. The 1980 album "Heaven and Hell" was recorded with bassist Craig Gruber but Butler returned to the band at the last minute and re-recorded the bass parts prior to release. 

In 1984, he left the band after touring in support of their 1983 album, "Born Again". He returned months later as the band attempted a comeback with vocalist David Donato. 

In 1988, Butler joined the backing band of his former Sabbath bandmate, Osbourne, to take part in the "No Rest for the Wicked" World Tour. 

In 1991, he rejoined Black Sabbath for the reunion of the "Mob Rules" line-up.

In 1994, he left again after the "Cross Purposes" tour.

In 1995 Butler again joined Osbourne's band to perform on the "Ozzmosis" album. After recording "Ozzmosis", he formed G/Z/R, issuing "Plastic Planet" the same year.

In 1997, he released his next solo album, "Black Science,". 

Butler returned to Sabbath for the 1997 edition of Ozzfest. He has remained with the band since. 

In 2005 he released "Ohmwork", his third solo album.

In October 2006 it was announced that Butler, along with Tony Iommi, would be reforming the "Dehumanizer"-era Black Sabbath line-up with Vinny Appice and Ronnie James Dio, under the name Heaven & Hell to differentiate between the reunited touring band fronted by Osbourne, and the current Sabbath line-up. 

In 2013, he recorded on the Black Sabbath album "13" and was on the supporting album tour.

In 2017, toured on the final Black Sabbath tour, The End Tour.

Butler is married to Gloria Butler, who managed Heaven & Hell. He was divorced from his first wife in 1980. He also shares his Los Angeles home with several cats, of whom he has posted pictures on his website. His oldest son, Biff Butler, was the frontman in the nu metal band Apartment 26. Butler's younger son James has a degree in social sciences from Oxford University.

Butler is a lifelong supporter of Aston Villa Football Club. During Black Sabbath's induction to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Butler is heard shouting "Up the Villa" as the members of the band left the stage. He has referred to soccer as his "religion" and has stated that Villa legend Peter McParland is his "all-time hero".

According to Osbourne, Butler "never uses foul language". He was raised on a vegetarian diet, largely due to his family being too poor to buy meat on a regular basis, and is now a vegan since about 1994. His mother was also a vegetarian.

In 2009, Butler appeared in a promotional ad for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He later urged fans to boycott Fortnum & Mason until they remove foie gras from their shelves. Butler said, "I've seen some outrageous things in my time, but watching those poor birds suffer simply so that their diseased livers can be sold on your shop floor is horrific!"

Over the years, Butler has become disillusioned with politics, saying "For me, it's almost pointless voting anymore because it seems to be the same no matter what party or politics you stand for. It all seems corrupted to me. It's all the same old people that rule the world." He has also expressed concern over the increasing level of control government has in people's lives. "Every time I go back to England, there are things that totally surprise me that you never think would happen in England, just all the CCTV everywhere. There seems to be so much control over people these days", he said in 2014.

In January 2015, Butler was briefly detained after a bar brawl in Death Valley, California and charged with misdemeanor assault, public intoxication and vandalism. He was released following detoxification and a citation. In 2016 he opened up about the event: "This guy started mouthing off about something. He was, like, some drunken Nazi bloke. He [...] started going on about Jews and everything - Jews this, Jews that. My missus is Jewish and I'd just had enough, and me hand sort of met his chin. I whacked him one."

Butler is noted as being one of the first bassists to use a wah pedal and to down-tune his instrument (from the standard E-A-D-G to the lower C#-F#-B-E), as on Black Sabbath's "Master of Reality" album. This was to match Iommi who had started tuning his guitar to C# (a minor third down). During the band's Ozzy Osbourne era, Butler wrote almost all of the band's lyrics, drawing heavily upon his fascination with religion, science-fiction, fantasy and horror, and musings on the darker side of human nature that posed a constant threat of global annihilation.

Butler is regarded as one of the most influential bassists in heavy metal. Billy Sheehan of Mr. Big said: "He’s a founding father of a whole genre of music and a man who really set the bar early on to be such an integral part of the sound and song structure of Sabbath". 
In Mick Wall's biography of Iron Maiden entitled "Run to the Hills", founder Steve Harris recalls: "I distinctly remember trying to play along to Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" – at first I just could not get it. I threw the guitar on my bed and walked out in a huff, but the next day I came back, picked it up and played it all the way through note-for-note! Once I got going, I started getting into bass-lines with a bit more subtlety to them...".

Former Metallica bassist Jason Newsted, who defined him his "number 1 influence", stated: "All true metal bassists look up to Geezer as a pioneer and Godfather of our chosen instrument. The best, ever". 
Rex Brown of Pantera and Kill Devil Hill asserted: "He’s a legend. He’s everything. Geezer is so much of an influence on me. 
Other bassists such as Cliff Burton, 
Les Claypool, Steve DiGiorgio, 
Alex Webster, 
John Myung, 
Johnny Lee Middleton, 
Greg Smith cited Butler as a significant influence on their style.

Butler currently endorses Lakland basses and has his own signature model. For amplification, Butler is endorsed by Hartke bass amplification, "Kilo" bass head and 4X10 HyDrive cabinet. In the past, he has been known to use Ampeg SVT & B-15 bass amps and Fender, Dan Armstrong Plexi, Rickenbacker, Yamaha BB, Vigier and B.C. Rich Basses.

According to the Geezer Butler Bass Rig Rundown, he used the following over the years.

From early 2000's

Released in 2013







Bima

Bima (Indonesia: "Kota Bima") is a city on the eastern coast of the island Sumbawa. It is in the central Indonesian province called West Nusa Tenggara. It is the largest city on the island. The population was 142,443 at the 2010 Census. It is not part of the Regency of Bima which had a population of 407,636 at the 2010 Census.

From 1620 to 1958 it was the capital of the Bima Sultanate, one of the four sultanates on Sumbawa. Today, Bima is the largest regional and economic center of Eastern Sumbawa. People from other parts of Indonesia, especially Java, Bali, and Lombok came to live in the city.

The majority of the people in Bima are Muslims (97.38%). The rest are Protestant (0.89%), Catholic Christians (0.62%), and Hindus and Buddhists around (1.11%). The people of Bima and all of east Sumbawa speak Bima language.
<br>

The city is on the eastern shore of Bima Bay. Bima is on the Sumbawa road. Sape harbor is to the east and Dompu to the southwest. Historically, Bima was a port city that connected to other port cities in Eastern Indonesia such as Makassar and Ternate, and to ports in Lombok, Bali, and East Java. Bus services from Bima go to neighboring cities in Sumbawa and as far as Mataram in Lombok.

Sultan Muhammad Salahudin Airport (Bima Airport), is about south of the city.

Bima has 5 districts ("kecamatan"):

Bima has several popular tourist destinations, such as Mount Tambora, Wawo traditional Village, Snake Island, Ana Fari Lake, and Satonda Island. There are many white sandy beaches in north and sout Bima. The main attractions are the Sultan Salahuddin Mosque and Sultan Salahuddin Museum. The museum used to be the Bima Sultanate palace. Bima airport serves domestic and international visitors



Yishun MRT station

Yishun MRT station (NS13) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Yishun, Singapore.

Yishun station used to be the terminus of the line between 1988 and 1996, until the Woodlands Extension was completed and opened on 10 February 1996. Currently, certain trains would still terminate at this station for the truncated service between Yishun station and Marina South Pier MRT station which only operates during morning peak hours on weekdays. Prior to 2 October 2019, short-working trips exist from Yishun to Marina South Pier in early evening periods and late night periods.

Yishun station is currently one of the two MRT stations that serve Yishun New Town; the other being Khatib MRT station. Together with Yishun Bus Interchange and Northpoint City, it also forms as an integrated transport hub - Yishun Integrated Transport Hub.

In December 2001, the Singapore embassies attack plot was discovered, and had included plans to bomb this station at several points, including the sewers near the station. This was brought up in a debate during a session of the parliament, during which new security measures were proposed, especially on the MRT system itself.

On 16 April 2003, power supply to trackside equipment between Yio Chu Kang and Sembawang stations was disrupted at 8.02 am due to a lightning strike which affected eight point machines along the track. 

On the early morning of 5 December 2006, a foreign worker in his early twenties, was hit by a train that was travelling towards Marina Bay. Train service was disrupted for more than an hour. He was later declared dead.

On 19 January 2008 at about 1530 hours, a call was made from a public telephone at the MRT station stating that there was a bomb at the station. Police arrested a 31-year old Chinese man that was believed to be linked to the crime on 23 February 2008. He was later charged for transmitting a false message that makes reference to a bomb.

At 11.45 am on 11 October 2008, a man was found on the tracks of the station and was sent to hospital. Train service was disrupted in between Sembawang and Yio Chu Kang stations, affecting 2900 people.


Toa Payoh MRT station

Toa Payoh MRT station (NS19) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Toa Payoh, Singapore. Located within the town centre of Toa Payoh, this station is connected to Toa Payoh Bus Interchange and the HDB Hub.

Toa Payoh was the first MRT station in Singapore to be completed, topping out on 5 August 1985.

The station was the first underground station in the world to be fitted with platform screen doors. This station was among the first phase of MRT stations, from Toa Payoh to Yio Chu Kang, to be opened in Singapore on 7 November 1987. Today, the concourse area bears the inauguration plate of Singapore's MRT system.


Buru Quartet

The Buru Quartet is a series of four books written by Indonesian author Pramoedya Ananta Toer. The novels are:

The books were published between 1980 and 1988. Indonesian president Suharto banned the books. The next president B.J. Habibie also banned them. In 2000, the Indonesian government stopped banning the books so people in Indonesia could read them legally.

The novels tell the story of the Indonesian National Awakening Movement between 1898 and 1918. The main character is Minke. He is born in 1900, the son of a regent. Minke is educated by the Dutch. He is based on an early Indonesian journalist named Raden Tirto Adhi Soerjo.


Formoso, Kansas

Formoso is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 94 people lived there.

The first post office at Formoso was founded in December 1887.

Formoso was founded about 1889.

Formoso is at (39.779355, -97.992458).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 94 people, 43 households, and 22 families living in Formoso. Of the households, 93.0% owned their home and 7.0% rented their home.

The median age was 37.5 years. Of the people, 87.2% were White, 3.2% were from some other race, and 9.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 93 people, 48 households, and 26 families living in the city.

Formoso is a part of USD 107 Rock Hills Schools. The Rock Hills High School mascot is Rock Hills Grizzlies.

Formoso schools closed through school unification. The Formoso High School mascot was Formoso Falcons.


Esbon, Kansas

Esbon is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 69 people lived there.

Esbon was planned out in 1873. It was incorporated as a city in 1904.

The first post office in Esbon was created in January 1874.

Esbon was a shipping point on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

Esbon is at (39.822656, -98.433762).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 69 people, 44 households, and 25 families living in Esbon. Of the households, 81.8% owned their home and 18.2% rented their home.

The median age was 58.5 years. Of the people, 92.8% were White, 1.4% were Native American, 1.4% were Asian, and 4.3% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 99 people, 52 households, and 24 families living in the city.


Dresden, Kansas

Dresden is a city in Decatur County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 43 people lived there.

Dresden was created in 1888. It was named by German settlers after the city of Dresden, in Germany.

The first post office in Dresden was created in October 1888.

Dresden was a station on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.

Dresden is at (39.622762, -100.41905).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 43 people, 20 households, and 7 families living in the city.

The median age was 53.5 years. Of the people, 93.0% were White and 7.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 41 people, 19 households, and 12 families living in the city.


Summit, Oklahoma

Summit is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cuba, Missouri

Cuba is a city in Crawford County in the state of Missouri in the United States.

This Earth of Mankind

This Earth of Mankind is the first book in Pramoedya Ananta Toer's "Buru Quartet". Hasta Mitra first published it in 1980. The story happens at the end of the Dutch colonial rule in Indonesia. Pramoedya wrote the novel in prison on Buru island in eastern Indonesia. Pramoedya told the story aloud to other prisoners in 1973 because he was not allowed to write. The story spread through all the prisoners until 1975. Then Pramoedya was finally allowed to write the full story.

The main character and narrator of "This Earth of Mankind" is a Javanese boy named Minke. He attends an elite Dutch school. Minke's life becomes dangerous when he falls in love with Annelies, the beautiful Indo daughter of Nyai Ontosoroh. In "This Earth of Mankind", Pramoedya showed the racism of the Dutch colony. 

The Indonesian Attorney General banned "This Earth of Mankind" in 1981. Many copies of the first editions survived. In 2005 the publisher Lentera Depantara started to publish it again in Indonesia. It had already been published worldwide in 33 languages.

"This Earth of Mankind" tells the story of Minke. He is a Javanese minor royal who studies at a Dutch "Hogere Burger School". At that time, usually only Europeans could study there. Minke is a talented young writer. His writing is published in several Dutch-language journals. They are popular. But many of Minke's classmates hate him because he is "native". His classmates are all at least partly European descent.

Minke meets an unusual Indonesian woman, Nyai Ontosoroh. She is the concubine of a Dutch man called Herman Mellema. Minke falls in love with their daughter, Annelies. They marry in an Islamic wedding. But by Dutch law, they are not marriedbecause it was "native" and Annelies' Dutch guardians did not approve.

It was common for local women to become the concubines of Dutch men living in the East Indies. Their children were either illegitimate "natives" and lost legal rights. Or if their father accepted them as his children they were called "Indos". Then the mother lost all rights over their children. Nyai Ontosoro suffers because of her low status and lack of rights. But, she believes education is the way to show her basic humanity. She believes that learning is the way to oppose racism, stupidity, and poverty. However, deciding to make her children Herman Mellema's children causes terrible problems for them.

After release from detention in April 1980 Pramoedya and Hasjim Rachman met with Joesoef Isak. Rachman had been editor of the "Eastern Star". Isak used to be a journalist at the "Merdeka" newspaper. He had been in Salemba prison. They agreed to publish works by ex-political prisoners that other publishers would not.

They chose "This Earth of Mankind" ("Bumi Manusia") as the first book. Pramoedya began working hard on the papers that he had brought from the Buru island. Prison officials had taken most of his writing. At the same time, Hasjim and Joesoef talked to government officials, including the Vice-President, Adam Malik. They were positive about the plans.

In July 1980, the manuscript of "This Earth of Mankind" was sent to the Aga Press printers. 5,000 copies of "This Earth of Mankind" sold in 12 days. Soon other publishers in Hong Kong, Malaysia, the Netherlands, and Australia asked the publishers, Hasta Mitra, for permission to make translations. The Wira Karya publishing house in Malaysia paid royalties of as much as 12% direct to Pramoedya.

By November, Hasta Mitra had published its third edition, and had sold about 10,000 copies. The book was well-received critically. It was called "the best work of literature of our times." The Armed Forces daily newspaper called it "a new contribution to the treasury of Indonesian literature".

the Attorney General of Indonesia banned "This Earth of Mankind" in 1981. He said it promoted Marxist-Leninist ideas and Communism. Neither are in the book.

First, the Ampat Lima printing house were told to not print any books published by Hasta Mitra. The editors of major media were told that they were not allowed to review or praise "This Earth of Mankind" or any of Pramoedya's other writing.

In April 1981, some New Order youth groups criticized Pramoedya's writing. Mass media reported this as the people not liking Pramoedya's work. New Order media such as "Suara Karya", "Pelita" and "Karya Dharma" began publishing criticisms of "This Earth of Mankind" and its author.

The Association of Indonesian Publishers (IKAPI) had been planning an exhibition of books that year. They canceled Hasta Mitra's membership in the association. IKAPI had been enthusiastic about asking the publisher to become a member and be involved in its activities. Newspapers that used to support Pramoedya stopped publishing his writing. They also started rejecting writing by authors who supported Pramoedya.

Finally, on 29 May 1981, the Attorney General published regulation SK-052/JA/5/1981 about the banning of "This Earth of Mankind" and its sequel "Child of All Nations (Anak Semua Bangsa)". The regulation mentioned a letter from Suharto.

The Attorney General's office took all copies of "This Earth of Mankind" and "Child of All Nations" tried to take all copies of the books from all book shops. However, by August 1981, they only took 972 copies of the books although about 20,000 copies had been printed.

The translator of "This Earth of Mankind" into English, Maxwell Lane, was a staff member of the Australian Embassy in Jakarta. The Australian Government recalled him in September 1981. The Ampat Lima printing company closed because of pressure from the Attorney General's office and the Interior Ministry.


"This Earth of Mankind" was made into an Indonesian language movie. Production started in 2006. Armantono wrote the script.
The moviewas shown in Indonesian movie theaters in August 2019.

Widnau

Widnau is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Madagascar Kartz

Madagascar Kartz is a racing game based on DreamWorks Animation's "Madagascar". It was released in 2009.

The game was released in 2009. The Nintendo DS version was re-released together with Shrek's Carnival Craze Party Games.

The game is a basic kart racing game and the player can perform jumps, flips, and rolls.

Characters include Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, Gloria the Hippopotamus, The Penguins, The Chimps, and King Julien from the "Madagascar" and "" films. Two characters from other movies is a Shrek from "Shrek", and B.O.B. from "Monsters vs. Aliens", all DreamWorks Animation franchises. 

Race types include Quick Race, Championship, Time Trial and Checkpoint race. 

A Championship race is one where the player collects mangoes and tries to finish first place.

In Time Trial, players beat their own times and earn medals (gold, silver and bronze). 

In Checkpoint Race, players collects hourglasses before the time runs out. 

"I Like to Move It", sung by Reel 2 Real, is the menu theme.

Superior, Nebraska

Superior is a city in Nuckolls County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,825.

Li Yugang

Li Yugang is a singer and artist from Jilin, China. He was the second Chinese person to sing at the Sydney Opera House.
Li Yugang was born into a farming family in Jilin province in 1978. He started in opera when he was a child. Despite this, he could not study at a university as his parents were too poor to support this. Instead, he worked in various jobs in Changchun after finishing high school.

Li Yugang was went to Xi'an in 1998. There he became known for singing both roles a duets by himself. He was first exposed to the Nandan art in Peking Opera and became very interested in it.

In August 2006, Li Yugang became famous by participating in the "Xingguang Dadao".

In February 23 2009, Li Yugang joined in the China Opera and Dance Theater as a "special talent people".

From 2010–2014, Li Yugang created "Flower in the Mirror, Moon in the Water" () and "Portrait of Four Ancient Beauties" (). Together he performed over 100 shows in the country and internationally. Li Yugang also released 3 CDs from his company "The New Drunken Beauty" (), "The Dream Chaser" () and "Lotus Flower" (). In 2014, the Rhymoi Music company released Li Yugang's "Once Upon a Time in Shanghai" () CD album. In 2015, Li Yugang directed and starred in his own stage masterpiece "Lady Zhaojun" (), a grand Oriental Poetic Stage production which took him three years in preparation.


Arthur Marks

Arthur Ronald Marks (August 2, 1927 – November 13, 2019) was an American movie and television director, writer, and producer. He was best known for his work in the blaxploitation genre. He was born in Los Angeles, California

His best known movies are "Bonnie's Kids", "Detroit 9000", "Friday Foster", "Bucktown", "The Monkey Hu$tle" and "J. D.'s Revenge". He also directed and produced many episodes of the American legal drama "Perry Mason", as well as episodes of "Starsky & Hutch", "Mannix", "I Spy", "My Friend Tony ,"The Dukes of Hazzard", "Steve Canyon" , and "Young Daniel Boone".

Marks died on November 13, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 92.

Anton Mavretič

Anton Mavretič (11 December 1934 – 21 November 2019) was a Slovene electrical engineer. He worked in the United States. He died on 21 November 2019 at the age of 84. He was born in Metlika, Slovenia.

Mavretič was professor and research associate at the Center for Space Physics at Boston University. He was a corresponding member of Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts from June 2007 until his death. In 1985 he founded his consulting firm SIAT of Boston LLC.

Mavretič worked for the MIT Center for Space Research under contract for NASA from 1972 to 1979. He worked for the development of plasma spectrometers for "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2" projects.

Gahan Wilson

Gahan Wilson (February 18, 1930 – November 21, 2019) was an American author, cartoonist and illustrator. His cartoons appeared on "Playboy", "Collier's" and "The New Yorker" for almost 50 years. Wilson wrote and illustrated a short story for Harlan Ellison's anthology "Again, Dangerous Visions" (1972). 

In March 2019, Wilson was diagnosed with dementia. He died from problems caused by the disease on November 21, 2019 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 89.


Daniel Leclercq

Daniel Leclercq (4 September 1949 – 22 November 2019) was a French football defender and manager. He played 440 matches from 1967 to 1984 for US Valenciennes, Olympique de Marseille and RC Lens. He later managed clubs from 1986 to 2017. 

He remains the only manager to have led RC Lens to the Ligue 1 championship.

Leclercq died in Martinique on 22 November 2019 from a pulmonary embolism at the age of 70.

Vilters-Wangs

Vilters-Wangs is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Sevelen

Sevelen is a municipality in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Kaare R. Norum

Kaare Reidar Norum (24 December 1932 – 22 November 2019) was a Norwegian educator and nutritionist. He was born in Oslo. He was hired as a docent at the University of Oslo in 1969. He became a professor in 1972. He was vice dean of the Faculty of Medicine from 1983 to 1985, dean from 1986 to 1988 and rector from 1999 to 2001.

He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1986 until his death.

Norum became a member of in 1971 and has chaired the council several times. He worked with Ingrid Espelid Hovig.

Oberuzwil

Oberuzwil is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Marbach, St. Gallen

Marbach is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Henry Sobel

Henry Isaac Sobel (9 January 1944 – 22 November 2019) was a Portuguese-born Brazilian-American reform rabbi. He was president of the Congregação Israelita Paulista (CIP), a major Jewish congregation in São Paulo, Brazil.

On March 23, 2007, Sobel was arrested in Palm Beach, Florida, accused of shoplifting US$680 worth of neckties. He was released on a $3,000 bail and returned to São Paulo. 

Sobel died of lung cancer on 22 November 2019 in Miami, Florida at the age of 75.

Bowen Stassforth

Bowen Dow Stassforth (August 7, 1926 – November 22, 2019) was an American competition swimmer. He won a silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1952 Olympics and set two world records in the 200-yard (long course) breaststroke. and one world record in the 100 meter (long course) breaststroke

Stassforth died at his home in Rancho Palos Verdes, California on November 22, 2019 at the age of 93.

Rancho Palos Verdes, California

Rancho Palos Verdes (also known by the abbreviation RPV) is a city in Los Angeles County, California. The population was 42,287 at the 2020 census.

Jessica Hecht

Jessica Hecht (born June 28, 1965) is an American actress and singer. She played Gretchen Schwartz on "Breaking Bad" and as Susan Bunch on "Friends". She was born in Princeton, New Jersey. Hecht was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress for her role in "A View from the Bridge" on Broadway.

Ayyappan

Lord Ayyappa was the son of Vishnu & ShivaLord Ayyappa is a very popular Hindu deity, which is mainly worshipped in South India. He is also spelt as Ayyappa. It is believed that he was born out of the union between Lord Shiva and the mythical Mohini, who is also regarded as an avatar of Lord Vishnu. Therefore, Ayyappa is also called as ‘ Hariharan Puthiran’ which means the son of both Hari or Vishnu and ‘ Haran’ or Shiva.

Deo Surya Mandir

Deo Surya Mandir is one of the Hindu sun temples in Deo, Bihar. The 8th century old temple is believed to be built by God Goldsmiths Vishwkarma. Sun temple at Deo in Aurangabad district is famous for ‘Chhath puja’ congregation. 

Desmond Howard

Desmond Kevin Howard (born May 15, 1970) is an American former professional football player in the National Football League (NFL) . Howard was known mostly as a return specialist but also played wide receiver. He is currently a college football analyst for ESPN.

Borders of the United States

The United States shares international land borders with two nations:


Canada–United States border

The border of the United States and Canada, officially known as the International Boundary, is the longest international border in the world shared between the same pair of countries. The terrestrial boundary (including small portions of maritime boundaries on the Atlantic, Pacific, and Arctic coasts, as well as the Great Lakes) is long, including shared with Alaska. It is Canada's only land border.

Gem, Kansas

Gem is a city in Thomas County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 98 people lived there.

Gem was a shipping point on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad. The town was named from the Gem Ranch.

The first post office in Gem was created in 1885. It was closed in March 2014.

Gem is at (39.425730, -100.896294).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 98 people, 37 households, and 28 families living in Gem. Of the households, 78.4% owned their home and 21.6% rented their home.

The median age was 34.0 years. Of the people, 88.8% were White, 3.1% were Asian, 1.0% were Black, and 7.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 88 people, 36 households, and 26 families living in the city.


Copeland, Kansas

Copeland is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 251 people lived there.

Copeland was founded in 1912. It was named for E. L. Copeland, an official of the Santa Fe Railroad.

The first post office in Copeland was founded in October 1912.

Copeland is at (37.540199, -100.630236).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 251 people, 93 households, and 71 families living in Copeland. Of the households, 83.9% owned their home and 16.1% rented their home.

The median age was 41.5 years. Of the people, 93.6% were White, 2.8% were from some other race, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 310 people, 112 households, and 87 families living in the city.

South Gray Schools has two parts: Copeland USD 476 and Montezuma USD 371. They include an Elementary school and Junior High School in Copeland, and an Elementary and High School in Montezuma.

Before to school unification, Copeland was home to Copeland High School, which had a mascot known as the Vikings.


Montezuma, Kansas

Montezuma is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 975 people lived there.

Montezuma was founded in 1879, and relocated in 1912 to the Santa Fe Railroad. It was named after Moctezuma II, ruler of the Aztec Empire.

Montezuma is at (37.595353, -100.442205).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Montezuma has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 975 people, 400 households, and 246 families living in Montezuma. Of the households, 67.5% owned their home and 32.5% rented their home.

The median age was 43.0 years. Of the people, 89.9% were White, 3.1% were from some other race, and 7.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 966 people, 366 households, and 249 families living in the city.

Montezuma is a part of USD 371 South Gray Schools. USD 371 and USD 476 share South Gray High School. The South Gray High School mascot is South Gray Rebels.

Before to school unification, the Montezuma High School mascot was Montezuma Indians. The Montezuma Indians won the Kansas State High School boys class BB basketball championship in 1955.


Berolle

Berolle is a municipality of the district Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bougy-Villars

Bougy-Villars is a municipality of the district of Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Stuart, Oklahoma

Stuart is a town in southeastern Oklahoma.

Soper, Oklahoma

Soper is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Denges

Denges is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is located in the district of Morges and is situated on the north shore of Lake Geneva. The village of Denges has a population of approximately 1,500 people and covers an area of 1.67 square kilometers. It is surrounded by farmland and vineyards, and is known for its beautiful countryside and charming Swiss architecture.


Clarmont

Clarmont is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bière

Bière is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Mandiraja Market

Mandiraja Market (Indonesian: "Pasar Mandiraja") is a traditional market in the village of Mandirajakulon, Indonesia. It is one of the largest traditional markets in the Banjarnegara District. It was created by the Banjarnegara District government.


Full Blast (1999 movie)

Full Blast is a 1999 Canadian movie, directed by Rodrigue Jean.


Zero-sum game

A zero-sum game is a term in game theory and economic theory. 

It is a mathematical representation of a situation. Each individual's gain or loss of utility is exactly balanced by the losses or gains of the utility of the other participants. If the total gains of the participants are added up and the total losses are subtracted, they will add up to zero. So, cutting a cake is a zero-sum game. 

Not so obvious, but essential, is "how players (participants) value the cake". A zero-sum game exists if and only if all players value the cake equally (see marginal utility).

Asunción Balaguer

María Asunción Balaguer Golobart (8 November 1925 – 23 November 2019) was a Spanish actress. She appeared in more than 100 movies and television shows from 1952 to 2016. In 1983, she played "El barón", by Leandro Fernández de Moratín. In 1984, she played "La cena del rey Baltasar", by Pedro Calderón de la Barca. Her best known roles include: "El canto del gallo", "The Witching Hour" and "The Bird of Happiness".

Balaguer died on 23 November 2019 in Madrid of multiple organ failure caused by a stroke, aged 94.

2019–20 Colombian protests

The 2019–20 Colombian protests are a collection of protests that have occurred since 21 November 2019. Hundreds of thousands of Colombians protested to support the Colombian peace process and against the government of Iván Duque Márquez.

There were further protests in Colombia in 2021.

Stephen Cleobury

Sir Stephen Cleobury ( ; 31 December 1948 – 22 November 2019) was an English organist and Director of Music. He was known for his works with the Choir of King's College, Cambridge and the BBC Singers.

He was knighted in the 2019 Birthday Honours for services to choral music.

Cleobury died on 22 November 2019, in his hometown of York, North Yorkshire of cancer, aged 70.



Teck Ghee MRT station

Teck Ghee MRT station (CR12) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line located on the boundary of Ang Mo Kio and Bishan planning areas, Singapore.

The station was first announced on 25 January 2019 as part of the Cross Island Line (CRL). Construction will start in 2020 and expected to be completed by 2029.

Ensign, Kansas

Ensign is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 166 people lived there.

Ensign was first called Lone Lake, and planned out about 1886. It was renamed Ensign in 1888 in honor of its founder, G. L. Ensign.

Ensign is at (37.652608, -100.232657).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 166 people, 61 households, and 48 families living in Ensign. Of the households, 86.9% owned their home and 13.1% rented their home.

The median age was 39.0 years. Of the people, 63.9% were White, 18.1% were from some other race, and 18.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 38.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 187 people, 76 households, and 52 families living in the city.

The Gray County Wind Farm near Ensign is the largest wind farm in Kansas.

Ensign is a part of USD 102 Cimarron-Ensign. Ensign had its own high school until 1984. The Ensign High School mascot was Ensign Wildcats.



Frank Gaffney

Frank J. Gaffney Jr. (born 5 April 1953) is an American anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist. He is the founder and president of the Center for Security Policy. 

In the 1970s and 1980s he worked in many roles for the federal government, such as seven months as Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs during the Reagan administration.

Cedar, Kansas

Cedar is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 11 people lived there.

The first post office in Cedar was founded in 1871, but it was called Cedarville until 1906.

Cedar was a station and shipping point on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Cedar is at (39.65712, -98.940178).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 11 people living in Cedar. There were 7 households.

The median age was 62.8 years. All of the people were White and none were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 14 people, 8 households, and 5 families living in the city.

The Cedar government has a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 1st Monday of each month at 7PM.


Robin Williams: Come Inside My Mind

Robin Williams: Come Inside My Mind is a 2018 American documentary, directed by Marina Zenovich. It celebrates the life and career of Robin Williams.

The movie played six sell-out screenings at the Sundance Film Festival in 2018.

Gaylord, Kansas

Gaylord is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 87 people lived there.

Gaylord was founded in 1870. It was named for C. E. Gaylord, a native of Marshall County who was one of the town's founders. The Gaylord post office opened in June 1871.

Gaylord was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Gaylord is at (39.645229, -98.847008).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 87 people, 44 households, and 25 families living in Gaylord. Of the households, 79.5% owned their home and 20.5% rented their home.

The median age was 58.1 years. Of the people, 94.3% were White, 2.3% were Black, 2.3% were from some other race, and 1.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 114 people, 59 households, and 32 families living in the city.

The Gaylord government has a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 2nd Wednesday of each month at 7:30PM.

Gaylord is served by USD 237 Smith Center Schools.

Gaylord schools were closed through school unification. The Gaylord High School mascot was a taunting Beaver.


Vufflens-le-Château

Vufflens-le-Château is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Ferdinand de Saussure and Michael Schumacher lived in Vufflens-le-Château.


Mauraz

Mauraz is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Chavannes-le-Veyron

Chavannes-le-Veyron is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Chevilly, Switzerland

Chevilly is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Chigny, Switzerland

Chigny is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Hong Kong Polytechnic University

The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is a public research university in Hung Hom, Hong Kong. The history of PolyU goes back to 1937. It became a full university in 1994. 

PolyU has 8 faculties and schools. There are programs in applied science, business, construction, environment, engineering, social science, health, humanities, design, hotel and tourism management. 

The university teaches 220 postgraduate, undergraduate and sub-degree programmes for more than 32,000 students every year. As of 2019, THE ranks the university 19th in Asia. QS ranks it 8th in young universities and 91st internationally. 

The Government Trade School started in 1937 at Wood Road, Wan Chai. The school was the first public post-secondary technical institution in Hong Kong. After World War II, the school became the Hong Kong Technical College. It opened a new campus in Hung Hom in 1957.

In 1972, the Government Trade School became the Hong Kong Polytechnic was formally established. Its goal is to educate qualified workers. It gained full university status and changing its name to The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1994.

In November 2019, protesters occupied the university as part of the 2019 Hong Kong protests. Students fought with the Hong Kong Police Force from 17 November to 19 November. On November 16th, police tried to enter the campus, but protesters kept them out with road blocks and petrol bombs. The police then blocked all exits from the university campus and asked all protesters inside to give up and come out. On November 18, the police shot 1,491 canisters of tear gas at protesters and shot 1,981 rubber bullets, bean bags, and sponge grenades. The university has been called a battleground. The university was later closed off by police, but protesters still escaped. More than 280 protesters were injured and more than 1,000 people were arrested.

PolyU's main campus is in Yau Tsim Mong District. It has mare than 20 buildings. Many buildings connect to each other. The campus has student hostels, a multi-purpose auditorium, sports, recreational and catering facilities, and a bookstore and banks. The Jockey Club Auditorium opened in 2000. Its balcony and main floor seats up to 1,084 people.

PolyU has many sports facilities, including: a swimming pool, 2 indoor sports grounds, a outdoor sports ground with basketball and soccer fields and jogging track, 2 outdoor tennis courts, and a joint-sports center.

The Jockey Club Innovation Tower is at the northeastern side of the university campus. This 15-story building has 15,000 square meters of floor area. It is for design education. The tower has exhibition areas, multi-functional classrooms and lecture halls, design studios and workshops, and a lounge. Zaha Hadid designed the tower.

The library started on 1 August 1972. There were two centers atHung Hom and Quarry Bay until 1976. They moved together into one building in 1976. The library was named after shipping entrepreneur and philanthropist Yue-Kong Pao in 1995.

In 2014, there were over 2.77 million of library holdings in total, with nearly 600,000 electronic resources. The six-storey library provides 3,900 study spaces and is equipped with a 24-hour study centre and audio-visual information areas.

Hotel Icon opened in September 2011. The hotel is owned by the university as a teaching and research hotel of the School of Hotel and Tourism Management.

PolyU started the Hong Kong Community College (HKCC) in 2001. It is a offers associate degree and higher diploma programs in arts, science, social sciences, business, health care, and design. HKCC classes are at the Hung Hom Bay and West Kowloon campuses. 

The University has 8 faculties and schools. Students may study in more than 220 postgraduate, undergraduate and sub-degree programs. Service learning subjects are offered by 20 departments from all faculties and schools. They do many kinds of community service projects.

There are several research centers at PolyU Each faculty or school has its own centers. Institutes for public policy research and sustainable urban development are run by the Areas of Excellence Committee. PolyU started the Aviation Services Research Centre with Boeing. PolyU also has The Hong Kong Research Institute of Textiles and Apparel.

Important PolyU research projects include:


World Rankings of PolyU

World Rankings of Faculties, Schools and Disciplines

There are two student halls of residence buildings provided by the university, in Hung Hom Bay and Ho Man Tin. The university also has off-campus housing in Sham Shui Po, Mong Kok, and Tsim She Tsui.

The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Students’ Union (HKPUSU) is run by students. It is not controlled by the university administration. The HKPUSU helps full-time undergraduate students.

The university's faculty-led Student Discipline Committee, with the support of the university council chairman Lam Tai-fai, expelled one student and suspended another for one year because the students posted on the "Democracy Wall" bulletin board in 2018. The students' union managed the bulletin board then. The students had posted messages remembering the fourth anniversary of the "Umbrella Movement" democracy protests of 2014. They also said Hong Kong should be independent from the People's Republic of China. Two more students were ordered to do community service as punishment. 

The students were not allowed to have help from lawyers. The committee saw video of the students shouting and knocking on doors. Some people said that the students had made negative comments, attacked a staff member, and damaged property. The students said they did not do any of those things. The students were all current or past leaders of school organizations. They are not allowed to appeal the decision 

Many pro-democracy groups protested the committee's decision. More than a dozen legislators and 19 student organisations protested. The Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union described the punishments as too hard. That union has more than 90,000 members.




Lully, Vaud

Lully is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bussy-Chardonney

Bussy-Chardonney was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 1961 by a merger of Bussy-sur-Morges and Chardonney-sur-Morges. This union also existed before 1744 and between 1799 and 1819.

On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.


Hapi (Nile god)

Hapi was the god of the annual flooding of the Nile in ancient Egyptian religion. The flood deposited fertile soil on the river's banks, allowing the Egyptians to grow crops. Hapi was greatly celebrated among the Egyptians. Some of the titles of Hapi were "Lord of the Fish and Birds of the Marshes" and "Lord of the River Bringing Vegetation". Hapi is typically depicted as an androgynous figure with a big belly and large drooping breasts, wearing a loincloth and ceremonial false beard.

The annual flooding of the Nile occasionally was said to be the "Arrival of Hapi". Since this flooding provided fertile soil in an area that was otherwise desert, Hapi symbolized fertility. He had large female breasts because he was said to bring a rich and nourishing harvest. Due to his fertile nature he was sometimes considered the "father of the gods", and was considered to be a caring father who helped to maintain the balance of the cosmos, the world or universe regarded as an orderly, harmonious system. He was thought to live within a cavern at the supposed source of the Nile near Aswan. The cult of Hapi was mainly located at the First Cataract named Elephantine. His priests were involved in rituals to ensure the steady levels of flow required from the annual flood. At Elephantine the official nilometer, a measuring device, was carefully monitored to predict the level of the flood, and his priests must have been intimately concerned with its monitoring.

Hapi was not regarded as the god of the Nile itself but of the flooding event. He was also considered a "friend of Geb" the Egyptian god of the earth, and the "lord of Neper", the god of grain.

Although male and wearing the false beard, Hapi was pictured with pendulous breasts and a large stomach, as representations of the fertility of the Nile. He also was usually given blue or green skin, representing water. Other attributes varied, depending upon the region of Egypt in which the depictions exist. In Lower Egypt, he was adorned with papyrus plants and attended by frogs, present in the region, and symbols of it. Whereas in Upper Egypt, it was the lotus and crocodiles which were more present in the Nile, thus these were the symbols of the region, and those associated with Hapi there. Hapi often was pictured carrying offerings of food or pouring water from an amphora, but also, very rarely, was depicted as a hippopotamus. During the Nineteenth Dynasty Hapi is often depicted as a pair of figures, each holding and tying together the long stem of two plants representing Upper and Lower Egypt, symbolically binding the two halves of the country around a hieroglyph meaning "union". This symbolic representation was often carved at the base of seated statues of the pharaoh.

Egyptian historian Al Maqrizi (1364–1442) related in his "El Khutat El Maqrizia (The Maqrizian Plans) that living virgins were sacrificed annually as "brides of the Nile" ("Arous El Nil") and this has been historically accepted as late as the 1970s. but this claim is disputed by some Egyptologists such as Bassam El Shammaa.

Works cited

Flooding of the Nile

Before the Aswan Dam was built (1898-1902). there was a Nile flood, once a year. This flood carried rich sediments, which made the soil fertile. Egypt is located in the desert, and agriculture is only possible close to the Nile. A rainy season in Ethiopia starts the flooding, which used to occur between May and August. During this time, the Blue Nile has five times as much water as the White Nile. During the rest of the year, the White Nile has almost twice as much water than the Blue Nile. This event was visible in Aswan, starting in June, and reaching its peak in August. The water reaches the eastuary of the Nile about two weeks later.

The flooding always occurs at the same time; in some years it may be a few days erlier, in others it will be a few days later. What cannot be prediced is the total amount of water. Little water meant droughts and famine. Too much water would cause damage to dams and houses.

Astraea

Astraea is a goddess from Greek mythology. She is the goddess of justice, innocence, and accuracy. Many stories say she is the constellation Virgo. Her name means "starry night" or "star maid".


Matheus Rocha

Matheus Rocha da Silva (Sorocaba, June 10, 1981), known professionally as Matheus Rocha, is a Brazilian singer, actor and composer. Member of the pop rock band Relive and former member of the pop group Br'oz and pop rock band Monk. In 2003, he was one of the winners of the Popstars reality show and was chosen to be part of the Brazilian boy band Br'oz until 2005. During this period, two studio albums and one DVD were released, Br'oz (2003), Br'oz at Olímpia Live ( 2003) and Segundo Ato (2004).

Shortly after the end of the group Br'oz, he continued his career with pop rock band Sorocabana KM7NOVE, which ended in 2007. In 2008 he debuted his acting career in the Broadway musical Aida, which was played at the theater. Artistic culture. In 2009 he released his first solo work titled Ser o que Sou. In 2010, she started a new pop rock project with the band Monk, where she has been a vocalist ever since. On January 10, 2018, he announced a career break, ending his activities indefinitely with the band Monk and Br'oz. In 2019 returns to the music scene with a new band, Relive.

Eugène Camara

Eugène Camara (21 January 1942 – 22 November 2019) was a Guinean politician. He was briefly Prime Minister of Guinea in February 2007. Camara was born in Nzérékoré, Guinea.

Camara was appointed as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research on 17 November 1997. He was named Minister of the Plan on 1 March 2004. He later became Minister of State for Presidential Affairs on 19 January 2007.

Camara died in Cairo on November 22, 2019 at the age of 77.

Chris McNally

Chris McNally (born November 8, 1988 in North Vancouver, British Columbia), is a Canadian actor known for his portrayal as Lucas Bouchard on the hit Hallmark Channel Original Series "When Calls the Heart". He also had a recurring role as Sergei Brevlov in the Netflix series "Altered Carbon.

McNally was born and raised in North Vancouver. He attended and graduated from Argyle Secondary School.

Before getting his big break on The Hallmark Channel, as well as starring as a series regular on the network's popular series "When Calls the Heart", McNally has spent half of his acting career guest starring in minor roles on TV shows such as "Supernatural", "Killer Instinct", "Tower Prep", "Untold Stories of the E.R.", "Dead of Summer", "Falling Skies", and "Lucifer".

Aside from television, McNally also has a film career, starring in movies such as "John Apple Jack" and "The Orchard". He also has starred in The Hallmark Channel's made-for-TV movies "The Sweetest Heart", "A Winter Princess", and "Sailing Into Love". 

Recently, McNally had a role in the Lifetime Original Movie "Heaven", based on the V.C. Andrews novels, as Cal Tennison.

McNally has two dogs. His cousin is Canadian actor and singer Drew Seeley.

Francesc Gambús

Francesc de Paula Gambús i Millet (21 May 1974 - 23 November 2019) was a Spanish politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament from July 2014 through May 2019. He was born in Barcelona. Gambús was a member of the Democratic Union of Catalonia.

Gambús was found dead at his apartment in Brussels of a possible heart attack, aged 45.

Gordon Sondland

Gordon David Sondland (born July 16, 1957) is an American diplomat and businessman. He was the United States Ambassador to the European Union from 2018 to 2020.

Sondland is also the founder and former chairman of Provenance Hotels and co-founder of the merchant bank Aspen Capital. In November 2019, Sondland testified as a witness at the Impeachment inquiry against Donald Trump. He was fired by Trump on February 7, 2020, two days after Trump's impeachment trial ended.

Eros, Louisiana

Eros is a small town in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chatham, Louisiana

Chatham is a small town in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

East Hodge, Louisiana

East Hodge is a village in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hodge, Louisiana

Hodge is a village in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

North Hodge, Louisiana

North Hodge is a village in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Quitman, Louisiana

Quitman is a village in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Internet Protocol television

Internet Protocol TV (IPTV) is the delivery of television content over Internet. With cable or satellite TV, broadcasters send out signals and viewers receive them—you’re only able to watch what’s being broadcasted. IPTV is different. Instead of transmitting content via light pulses in fiber-optic cable or radio waves from a satellite, IPTV sends shows and movies through your standard internet connection.

In its simplest form, IPTV delivers television content over a closed network using the Internet Protocol (IP) instead of traditional satellite signal or cable TV formats.

This means that instead of your television provider sending a signal to your TV via a physical cable, that signal is instead sent over the internet. This has a few advantages – most notably, it allows you to view television content anywhere you have an internet connection.

It also opens up new possibilities regarding content delivery, Interactivity, and impossible features with traditional television formats.

IPTV is a video-streaming technology that delivers television programs over the internet. IPTV provides television content using the internet protocol suite instead of being delivered through traditional terrestrial, satellite signal, or cable television formats.

IP-based television allows for a more customized experience for users. It also enables service providers to offer more features such as video on demand (VOD), interactive applications, and games. In addition, IPTV can be integrated with other types of broadband services, such as internet telephony and data over cable service (DOCSIS).

An IPTV service offers several benefits for those looking to improve their property. The most apparent use is receiving television channels without needing a satellite dish or cable box. This can save you both time and money., as you will no longer need to pay installation or equipment rental fees.

Additionally, an IPTV connection usually provides a clearer picture than a traditional cable or satellite, using your home’s existing broadband internet connection. This also means you can watch TV on any compatible device connected to your network, including smartphones, tablets, and laptops. And because IPTV services are delivered over the internet, you can often sign up for a package that includes international channels, giving you access to a wider range of programming than what is available through traditional providers.

Theodor Stolojan

Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (; born 24 October 1943) is a Romanian politician. He was Prime Minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992. He is a leader of the Democratic-Liberal Party.

He was a Member of the European Parliament for Romania, representing the Democratic Liberal Party (EPP-ED).

Ludovic Orban

Ludovic Orban (; born 25 May 1963) is a Romanian engineer and politician. He was the 68th Prime Minister of Romania from 4 November 2019 until 7 December 2020. He became leader of the National Liberal Party (PNL) in June 2017.

Orban was Minister of Transport from April 2007 to December 2008 in the second Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu cabinet. He was also a member of the Romanian Chamber of Deputies for Bucharest from 2008 to 2016.

Teodor Meleșcanu

Teodor Viorel Meleșcanu (; born 10 March 1941) is a Romanian politician, diplomat and jurist. He was Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Romania (SIE) between 2012 and 2014.

He was a three times senator for the National Liberal Party (PNL), Minister of Defense between 2007 and 2008, and Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1992 and 1996, in November 2014 and since January 2017 to July 2019.

In September 2019, he was elected President of the Senate of Romania, but on 22 January 2020, the Constitutional Court of Romania found that the election was unconstitutional, and he resigned as president of the Senate on 3 February 2020.


President of the Senate of Romania

The President of the Senate of Romania is the senator elected to look over the Senate meetings. The president of the Senate is also the president of the Standing Bureau of the Senate, and the first person in the presidential line of succession.

President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania

The President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania is the deputy elected to look over the meetings in the lower chamber of the Parliament of Romania. 

The President is also the President of the Standing Bureau of the Chamber of Deputies, and the second in the presidential line of succession, after the President of the Senate.

Mónica Fernández Balboa

Mónica Fernández Balboa (born 4 July 1966) is a Mexican architect and politician. She is a member of the National Regeneration Movement. She is a senator in the LXIV Legislature of the Mexican Congress from Tabasco.

On 1 September 2019, she became the President of the Senate.

President of the Senate (Mexico)

The President of the Senate (Spanish: "Presidente de la Cámara de Senadores") is the leading officer of the Mexican Senate. This position is similar to the Speaker of the House in other Legislatures.

Senate of the Republic (Mexico)

The Senate of the Republic, () constitutionally Chamber of Senators of the Honorable Congress of the Union (), is the upper house of Mexico's bicameral Congress. It currently consists of 128 members, who serve six-year terms.

After a series of reforms during the 1990s, the Senate is made up of 128 senators:


Congress of the Union

The Congress of the Union (), formally known as the General Congress of the United Mexican States ("Congreso General de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos"), is the legislature of the federal government of Mexico consisting of two chambers: the Senate of the Republic and the Chamber of Deputies. Its 628 members (128 senators and 500 deputies) meet in Mexico City.

Laura Rojas Hernández

Laura Angélica Rojas Hernández (born 26 December 1975) is a Mexican politician. She is a member of the PAN. She was also the President of the Chamber of Deputies. She was a Senator from 2012 to 2018. 

During her ternure as Senator, she was the Chairwoman of the Foreign Affairs Comittee.

Laura Rojas was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies on September 5, 2019.

President of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)

The President of the Chamber of Deputies (Spanish: "Presidente de la Cámara de Diputados") is the leading officer of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico. This position is the same as the Speaker of the House in other Legislatures.

The current President of the Chamber of Deputies is Marcela Guerra Castillo. The President is elected for one-year term. 

Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)

The Chamber of Deputies (Spanish: "Cámara de Diputados") is the lower house of the Congress of the Union, the bicameral legislature of Mexico. The other chamber is the Senate. The structure and responsibilities of both chambers of Congress are defined in Articles 50 to 70 of the current constitution.

Monticello, Minnesota

Monticello ( ) is a city next to the Mississippi River in Wright County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 14,455 at the 2020 census.

Jaime de Armiñán

Jaime de Armiñán Oliver (born 9 March 1927) is a Spanish screenwriter and movie director. His movies have been nominated for Academy Awards in the Foreign language movie category twice, in 1972 for "Mi querida señorita" and in 1980 for "El Nido".

Viki Gabor

Wiktoria "Viki" Gabor (born 10 July 2007) is a Polish singer. She started her career in 2019, as a finalist on the second season of "The Voice Kids Poland", and then later won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the song "Superhero". She is the second Polish person to win the contest. Her win marked the first time a country had won the contest twice in a row.

Superhero (Viki Gabor)

"Superhero" is a song by Polish singer Viki Gabor. It represented Poland in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019, where it won the competition. The song was written by Małgorzata Uściłowska, Patryk Kumór, and Dominic Buczkowski-Wojtaszek, and was released on 30 September 2019.

Charles D. Baker

Charles Duane Baker III (born June 21, 1928) is an American businessman and politician. He worked in many departmental roles in the Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan administrations. He was the Under Secretary of Health and Human Services (1984–1985). He is the father of Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker.

In 1985 he became a professor at the Northeastern University College of Business Administration.

Berta Riaza

Berta Riaza Gómez (27 July 1927 – 24 July 2022) was a Spanish actress. She was in over 100 movies and 60 stage shows during her near-60 year career. 

Born in Madrid, she began her career in 1947 on a stage play titled "Historia de una casa". 

In 1959, she made her movie debut with "Diez fusiles esperan". Her best known movie roles include: "Entre tinieblas" (1983), "Luces de bohemia" (1985), "El placer de matar" (1988) and "El Puzzle" (2000).

Her career mainly was focused on movies and stage roles. However, she appeared in a few television shows with Televisión Española. In 1980, she starred as Doña Guillermina in the miniseries "Fortunata y Jacinta".

In 2003, Riaza retired saying that the only roles she was getting were in unpopular stage plays.

Riaza died on 24 July 2022 in Madrid, three days before her 95th birthday.


Baguio

Baguio City () is a city in northern Luzon, Philippines. Its official name is the City of Baguio. People know it as the Summer Capital of the Philippines because its climate is cooler than other parts of the country. It is cooler because it is more than 4,800 feet above sea level. People call it the "City of Pines" because it is in a region where pine trees and orchids can grow.

The United States founded Baguio in 1900. This was so it could have a hill station. Baguio City was the United States' only hill station in Asia.

Baguio is physically within Benguet province but is a separate political unit. Baguio was Benguet's capital from 1901 to 1916. But Baguio became a chartered city in 1916. This meant that Baguio had a status that is similar to a province. 

Baguio belongs to the Cordillera Administrative Region. That region also has the provinces of Abra, Apayao, Benguet, Ifugao, Kalinga and Mountain Province. The city is the region's business and educational centre. 

The 2015 census says that Baguio has 345,366 people living there.

The 2015 census says that Baguio has 345,366 people living there and more people 

Deaths in 2020

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2020. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.




Deaths in December 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in December 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

































Heo Young-ji

Heo Young-ji (born August 30, 1994), known as Youngji, is a South Korean singer, actress and television personality. She is best known as a member of girl group Kara after winning the TV show "Kara Project" in 2014.

Heo began her solo music career in August 2017 with her first single, "Memory Clock".

Shrewsbury, Massachusetts

Shrewsbury is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 38,325 according to the 2020 US Census, in 14,305 households.

Shrewsbury is home to three current and one former Nationally Registered Historic Places:



Worcester County, Massachusetts

Worcester County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 862,111, making it the second-most populous county in Massachusetts while also being the largest in area. 

The largest city and traditional county seat is the city of Worcester.

Artemas Ward

Artemas Ward (November 26, 1727 – October 28, 1800) was an American major general in the American Revolutionary War. He was a Congressman from Massachusetts. 

Ward was the Speaker of the Massachusetts House in 1785. He was elected twice to the United States House of Representatives, serving from 1791 to 1795.

President John Adams called him "universally esteemed, beloved and confided in by his army and his country".

Pete Sessions

Peter Anderson Sessions (born March 22, 1955) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. In 2021, he was elected to the United States House of Representatives representing Texas.

He was the chairman of the House Rules Committee from 2013 to 2019 and is a former chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee. 

He lost his re-election to Democrat Colin Allred in the November 2018 election. On October 3, 2019, Sessions announced that he was running for Texas's 17th congressional district in the 2020 election.

Carolyn Maloney

Carolyn Bosher Maloney (née Carolyn Jane Bosher, February 19, 1946) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative from 1993 to 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

On October 17, 2019, Maloney was chosen by Speaker Nancy Pelosi to become acting chair of the House Oversight Committee after the death of Elijah Cummings, and won the election to become chair on November 20.

In August 2022, Maloney lost re-nomination to U.S. Representative Jerry Nadler.

Lisa Blunt Rochester

Lisa LaTrelle Blunt Rochester (née Blunt; February 10, 1962) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for since 2017. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

In June 2023, Blunt Rochester announced her candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election to replace Tom Carper. Should she win, she would become only the third African American woman to serve in the U.S. Senate.

Karyn Polito

Karyn Polito (born November 11, 1966) is an American lawyer, businesswoman, and politician. She was the 72nd Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. state of Massachusetts from January 8, 2015 to January 5, 2023.

Polito was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011. Polito was first elected Lieutenant Governor in 2014 as the running mate of Charlie Baker.

Donald Dwight

Donald Rathbun Dwight (born March 26, 1931) is an American newspaper executive and politician. He was the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1971 to 1975.

Francis Bellotti

Francis Xavier Bellotti (born May 3, 1923) is an American lawyer and politician. In 1962 Bellotti was elected as Lieutenant Governor for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1963 to 1965.

In 1964 he had challenged the sitting governor of his own party, Endicott Peabody, and defeated him in the Democratic Primary; but lost in the general election to John Volpe. From 1975 to 1987 he was, for three terms, the Massachusetts Attorney General. 

In 2012, the district courthouse in Quincy, Massachusetts, was named in his honor.

He is currently the Vice Chairman of Arbella Insurance Group.

Edward J. King

Edward Joseph King (May 11, 1925 – September 18, 2006) was an American politician. He was the 66th Governor of Massachusetts from 1979 to 1983. He was a member of the Democratic Party until 1985, he then became a member of the Republican Party. 

King died on September 18, 2006 at his home in Burlington, Massachusetts from problems caused by surgery and a fall, aged 81.

Burlington, Massachusetts

Burlington is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 26,377 at the 2020 census.

Middlesex County, Massachusetts

Middlesex County is a Commonwealth in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, in the United States. As of 2020, the population was 1,632,002, making it the 22nd most populous county in the United States. It is the most populous county in both Massachusetts and New England.

Margaret Qualley

Sarah Margaret Qualley (born October 23, 1994) is an American actress and dancer. She is known for her roles in the HBO mystery series "The Leftovers" (2014–2017) and as Ann Reinking in the FX biographical drama miniseries "Fosse/Verdon" (2019).

Qualley has appeared in the dark comedy movie "The Nice Guys" (2016) and Quentin Tarantino's comedy-drama "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" (2019), and has starred in the Netflix movies "Death Note" (2017) and "Io" (2019).

Julia Jones

Julia Jones (born January 23, 1981) is an American actress. She is known for playing Leah Clearwater in "The Twilight Saga" movies and Kohana in the HBO series "Westworld".

Monrovia, Indiana

Monrovia is a town in Monroe Township, Morgan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,643 at the 2020 census.

Ocean Eyes (song)

Ocean Eyes is a song by Artist, Billie Eilish. She first uploaded the song to SoundCloud. She made a music video also. The song was written and produced by Eilish's older brother, Finneas O'Connell and it was originally written by Finneas for his band.

Passu Sar

Passu Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Passu Sar is part of the Batura Muztagh subrange. It is the 53rd highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Dirk Naumann, Ralf Lehmann, Volker Wurnig, and Max Wallner in 1994.

Frank Caeti

Franklin "Frank" Caeti (born August 11, 1973) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, dancer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his work on "MADtv".


Frank Biondi

Franklin J. "Frank" Biondi, Jr. (January 9, 1945 – November 25, 2019) was an American businessman and entertainment executive. He held leadership roles at Viacom, Universal Studios, and HBO.

Biondi was born Franklin J. Biondi, Jr. in New York City, New York on January 9, 1945.

On November 25, 2019, Biondi died of bladder cancer in Los Angeles at the age of 74.


Václav Pavkovič

Václav Pavkovič (24 April 1936 – 17 November 2019) was a Czech rower. He competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Břeclav. In 1960, he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

He died 17 November 2019, aged 83.


Ray Kappe

Ray Kappe (August 4, 1927 – November 21, 2019) was an American architect and educator. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 1972, he resigned as Founding Chair of the Department of Architecture at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. He soon founded the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-Arc).

Kappe died from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia on November 21, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 92.


Alfred E. Smith IV

Alfred Emanuel Smith IV (May 24, 1951 – November 20, 2019) was an American Wall Street executive. He was born in New York City. Smith IV was a senior advisor for the Marwood Group. He was a volunteer and member of many charitable boards, including the Tony Blair Faith Foundation, and Mutual of America. and was Chairman of the Board of Saint Vincent's Catholic Medical Center.

He was the great-grandson of Al Smith, Governor of New York (1919–1920, 1923–1928) and 1928 Democratic presidential nominee.

Smith IV died at his home in New Canaan, Connecticut of a heart attack on November 20, 2019 at the age of 68.

Colin Mawby

Colin Mawby KSG (9 May 1936 – 24 November 2019) was an English organist, choral conductor and composer. From 1961 he was Master of Music at Westminster Cathedral, then from 1981 he was the choral director at Radio Telefís Éireann. 

He was awarded Knighthood of the Order of St. Gregory in 2006.

Mawby died on 24 November 2019 at the age of 83.

Jimmy Schulz

Ralph Jimmy Schulz (22 October 1968 – 25 November 2019) was a German technology businessman and politician. He was a member of the Bundestag from 2009 to 2013 and again from 2017 until his death in 2019. Schulz founded and sold an internet service provider called Cyber Solutions GmbH.

In June 2019, Schulz was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died on 25 November 2019 in Hohenbrunn of the disease, aged 51.

Yeshi Dhonden

Yeshi Dhonden (15 May 1927 – 26 November 2019) was a Tibetan-Indian physician of Traditional Tibetan medicine and humanitarian. He was the 14th Dalai Lama from 1961 to 1980. In 2018, the Indian government honoured him with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India. He was born in Namro, Tibet. He was known by many for "curing cancer".

Dhonden retired on 1 April 2019 due to bad health. He died of respiratory failure on 26 November 2019 in Dharamshala, India at the age of 92.

Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (;20 January 1929– 11 November 2019) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies which ruled the defunct Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until 1860. He was an engineer who worked in radar technology.



Duchess Elisabeth of Württemberg (b. 1933)

Duchess Elisabeth of Württemberg (; born 2 February 1933) is a member of the House of Württemberg and a Duchess of Württemberg. 

She was married to Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.


John Simon (critic)

John Ivan Simon (né Simmon; May 12, 1925 − November 24, 2019) was a Serbian-born American author and literary, theater, and movie critic.

Simon wrote theater, movie, music, and book reviews for publications such as "New York", "Esquire", "The Hudson Review", "National Review", "Opera News", "The New Leader", "Commonweal", "The New Criterion" and "The New York Times Book Review".

He also wrote essays to "The Weekly Standard". Simon was the theater critic at "New York" for 36 years from October 1968 until May 2005. He wrote theater reviews for Bloomberg News from June 2005 through November 2010. He also reviewed theater for "The Westchester Guardian".

Simon played himself in a 1975 television episode of "The Odd Couple".

Simon died at a hospital in Valhalla, New York from stroke-related problems on November 24, 2019, at age 94.


Valhalla, New York

Valhalla is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) located within the town of Mount Pleasant, in Westchester County, New York, United States, in the New York City metropolitan area. Its population was 3,213 at the 2020 U.S. Census. 

Ruth Wilson

Ruth Wilson (born 13 January 1982) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Suburban Shootout" (2005), "Jane Eyre" (2006), as Alice Morgan in the BBC TV psychological crime drama "Luther" (2010–2013, 2019), as Alison Lockhart in the Showtime drama "The Affair" (2014–2018), and as the main character in "Mrs Wilson" (2018). 

Ashford, Surrey

Ashford is a town and suburb of London in the Surrey County Council borough of Spelthorne, England. 

2019 Dresden heist

The 2019 Dresden heist occurred in the Grünes Gewölbe (Green Vault) museum in Dresden, Saxony, Germany, on 25 November 2019. Three out of ten sets of jewelry were stolen. 

The stolen items include diamond-laden breast star of the Polish Order of the White Eagle, a hat clasp with a 16-carat diamond, a diamond epaulet and a diamond-studded hilt containing nine large and 770 smaller diamonds, along with a matching scabbard. 

It is the largest such theft since World War II.

The Batman (movie)

The Batman is a 2022 American superhero mystery movie. It is based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is made by DC Films. It was released by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is a reboot of the Batman movie series. The movie is directed by Matt Reeves. He also wrote the screenplay with Mattson Tomlin. Robert Pattinson plays Bruce Wayne / Batman.

In 2023, the movie was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Sound, Best Makeup and Hairstyling and Best Visual Effects. making it "the highest-grossing film of 2022"

During his second year of fighting crime, Batman is investigating the Riddler, a serial killer who targets rich, powerful and corrupt Gotham City citizens. Batman finds out the corruption that connects to his own family during the investigation, and is forced to make new allies to catch the Riddler and bring the corrupt to justice.


Also, Jayme Lawson has been cast as Bella, a politician running for office in Gotham. Rupert Penry-Jones plays Mayor Don Mitchell, Gotham City's mayor who was murdered by the Riddler. Barry Keoghan plays an unseen Arkham Asylum prisoner who is later discovered to be The Joker. Alex Ferns plays Commissioner Pete Savage, a corrupt police commissioner. Con O'Neill plays a Gotham City police chief. Charlie and Max Carver appeared as club bouncers for the Penguin.

"The Batman" was released on March 4, 2022. It was originally supposed to be released in June 2021, but wasn't because of the COVID-19 pandemic. It has a runtime of 175 minutes including credits, making it the longest "Batman" movie and the third-longest superhero movie after "Zack Snyder's Justice League" (2021) and "" (2019).

Reviews for the movie are positive with critics liking the acting, action scenes and music, however some did not like how long the movie was.

"The Batman" is the first in a new trilogy of Batman movies. In April 2022, it was officially confirmed that a sequel to "The Batman" was in the works, with Pattinson and Reeves set to star and write respectively.

Tenet (movie)

Tenet is a 2020 action thriller movie written and directed by Christopher Nolan and produced by Nolan and Emma Thomas. It stars John David Washington, Robert Pattinson, Elizabeth Debicki, Dimple Kapadia, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Clémence Poésy, Michael Caine, and Kenneth Branagh.

Delayed three times due to the COVID-19 pandemic, "Tenet" was released in the United Kingdom on August 26, 2020, and United States on September 3, 2020, in IMAX, 35 mm, and 70 mm. It was the first Hollywood tent-pole to open in theaters after the pandemic shutdown, and has grossed $353 million worldwide, making it the fourth highest-grossing movie of 2020. It received generally positive reviews.

John David Washington

John David Washington (born July 28, 1984) is an American actor and former football running back. He is known for his roles as Ricky in the HBO television series "Ballers" and as Detective Ron Stallworth in the comedy-crime movie "BlacKkKlansman" (2018). He is set to star as the main role in Christopher Nolan's 2020 movie "Tenet".

He played college football at Morehouse College and signed with the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2006. 

Professionally, Washington spent four years as the running back for the United Football League's Sacramento Mountain Lions.

BlacKkKlansman

BlacKkKlansman is a 2018 American crime movie directed by Spike Lee and written by Charlie Wachtel, David Rabinowitz, Kevin Willmott, and Lee.

The movie is based on the 2014 memoir "Black Klansman" by Ron Stallworth. The movie stars John David Washington as Stallworth, along with Adam Driver, Laura Harrier, and Topher Grace.

"BlacKkKlansman" premiered on May 14, 2018 at the Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Grand Prix. It was theatrically released in the United States on August 10, 2018, a day before the first anniversary of the Unite the Right rally.

Deontay Wilder

Deontay Leshun Wilder (born October 22, 1985) is an American professional boxer. He held the WBC heavyweight title from 2015 to 2020. He became the first American world heavyweight champion in nine years, which was the longest period of time in boxing history without an American heavyweight champion. As an amateur, he won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. This led to his nickname of "The Bronze Bomber", inspired by Joe Louis, who was known by the nickname of "The Brown Bomber". Wilder has had 44 professional bouts, winning 42 and drawing and losing once to Briton Tyson Fury. Of his 42 wins, Wilder has won 41 of his fights by knockout. He has a knockout-to-win ratio standing at 98%.

Wilder was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He has eight children.


Rockville Centre, New York

Rockville Centre, commonly abbreviated as RVC, is an incorporated village located in Nassau County, New York, in the United States. At the time of the 2020 census, the village had a total population of 26,016. 

Yehoshua Porath

Yehoshua Porath () (January 13, 1938 – November 24, 2019) was an Israeli historian and professor emeritus of Middle East history. Porath was a lecturer in the History of Muslim Countries at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He unsuccessfully ran for the Knesset in 1992 and in 1996.

Porath died on November 24, 2019 in Jerusalem at the age of 81.

Laure Killing

Laure Killing (12 January 1959 – 18 November 2019) was a French actress and comedian. She appeared in more than fifty movies from 1986 until her death. In movies, she was known for her roles in "Before the Winter Chill", "The Teddy Bear", "Love After Love", "My Nights Are More Beautiful Than Your Days" and "Beyond Therapy".

Killing died on 18 November 2019 of cancer at the age of 60.

Good Night, Little Ones!

Good Night, Little Ones! () is a long-running Russian-language children's television program. It has been on broadcast since 1964 (premiered during the Soviet era), it airs on the Carousel channel.

In 1988, Fred Rogers had made a guest appearance on the show with Daniel Striped Tiger, as shown on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", during the weekly theme, "Nighttime".

Carmen Sandiego

Carmen Sandiego is a series of American educational mystery video games that soon created an edutainment franchise of the same name. 

The game released in 1985, "Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?". Each game of the series has a theme and subject, where the player must use their knowledge to find Carmen Sandiego.

This series was originally owned by Broderbund, but is now owned by The Learning Company, whose latest release was "Carmen Sandiego Returns" in 2015. Since its initial release the series has won over 125 awards.

Saint Vincent College

Saint Vincent College is a private Benedictine liberal arts college in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1846 by Boniface Wimmer, a monk from Bavaria, Germany. It was the first Benedictine monastery in the United States. 

It is operated by the Benedictine monks of Saint Vincent Archabbey.

Douglas Robert Nowicki

Douglas Robert Nowicki (born 8 May 1945) is an American Benedictine monk and Catholic priest. He is the 11th Archabbot of Saint Vincent Archabbey in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, and the Chancellor of Saint Vincent College and the Chancellor of Saint Vincent Seminary. 

Nowicki became solemnly professed on July 11, 1966 and was ordained a priest on May 21, 1972.

Everson, Pennsylvania

Everson is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 771 at the 2020 census.

Uniontown, Pennsylvania

Uniontown is a city in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States, southeast of Pittsburgh. The population was 9,984 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat and largest city of Fayette County.

Fayette County, Pennsylvania

Fayette County is a county of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Fayette County is located in southwestern Pennsylvania, near Maryland and West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 128,804. Its county seat is Uniontown. The county was created on September 26, 1783 and named after the Marquis de Lafayette.

Terry Gross

Terry Gross (born February 14, 1951) is the host and co-executive producer of "Fresh Air" by NPR. Since joining NPR in 1975, Gross has interviewed thousands of guests.

Fresh Air

Fresh Air is an American radio talk show broadcast on National Public Radio stations across the United States since 1985. It is produced by WHYY-FM in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The show's host is Terry Gross. 

, the show was syndicated to 624 stations and claimed nearly 5 million listeners. 

In 2016, "Fresh Air" was the most-downloaded podcast on iTunes.

Mount Othrys

Mount Othrys ( – "oros Othrys", also Όθρη – "Othri") is a mountain in central Greece, in the northeastern part of Phthiotis and southern part of Magnesia .

During the ten-year war between the Titans and the Olympians (the ones that existed then) and their allies both sides used a mountain as the base for their headquarters. While the Olympians chose Mount Olympus the Titans picked Mount Othrys. The two mountains were in actuality ten miles apart.

After Kronos freed the Cyclops and the Hekatonkheires, Kronos ordered them to build a castle made out of the metal found in Mount Othrys. The castle then became the base of the Titans during the war between the Olympians and the Titans

The mountain was so tremendous, even Zeus was afraid when he first saw it.

Titans who live there:

The Titans were evil and cruel, which made Olympian Gods the exact same, since they are parents of Gods. The Olympian Gods are actually Titans and the heroes are demi-titans.

Eyre Coote (East India Company officer)

Eyre coot was the person who led English forces for the East India Company in the third Carnatic war. Because of his ideas British won against French forces in the Battle of Wandiwash.
Later in 1757 he also led his forces in Battle of Plassey and won against Siraj ud daulla who was backed by French forces. This victory gave the British control over the Indian subcontinent.

Richard Neutra

Richard Joseph Neutra (April 8, 1892 – April 16, 1970) was a Jewish Austrian-American architect. His career was set in Southern California. He is seen as one of the most famous modernist architects.

Dion Neutra

Dion Neutra (October 8, 1926 – November 24, 2019) was an American architect and activist. He worked originally with his father, Richard Neutra (1892–1970). He became president of the Neutra company upon Richard Neutra's death in 1970.

He was known for his blog dedicated to the preservation of the Kronish House in Beverly Hills, California, currently under threat of demolition. Other projects Neutra fought for protection include the Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg on the Gettysburg battlefield, Pennsylvania, and the Mariners Medical Arts Building in Newport Beach, California.

Neutra died on November 24, 2019 at his home in Neutra VDL Studio and Residences, Los Angeles at the age of 93.

James L. Holloway III

James Lemuel Holloway III (February 23, 1922 – November 26, 2019) was a United States Navy admiral and naval aviator. He served during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. He was Chief of Naval Operations from 1974 to 1978. 

After retiring from the Navy, Holloway was President of the Naval Historical Foundation from 1980 to 1998 and was its chairman until his retirement in 2008 when he became chairman emeritus. 

He was the author of "Aircraft Carriers at War: A Personal Retrospective of Korea, Vietnam, and the Soviet Confrontation" published in 2007 by the Naval Institute Press.

Holloway died on November 26, 2019 in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 97.

Keystone, South Dakota

Keystone is a town in the Black Hills region of Pennington County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 240 at the 2020 census. It is known for being the location of Mount Rushmore National Memorial, which is located just beyond city limits. 

Malubiting

Malubiting is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Malubiting is part of the Rakaposhi-Haramosh subrange. It is the 56th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Horst Schindlbacher and his expedition, in 1971.

Sia Kangri

Sia Kangri is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. Sia Kangri is part of the Baltoro Muztagh subrange. It is the 61st highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Gunther Dyhrenfurth and his expedition, in 1934.

Ute Berling

Ute Berling (born 1957 in Heidelberg, West Germany) is a German singer.

Ute Berling was born in Heidelberg, West Germany. She appeared under a stage name. She created German-language songs, and German-language cover versions of songs in other languages. Berling appeared on the ARD television program "Musikladen" in 1978 and on the ZDF television program "Disco" in 1980 and on the "ZDF-Hitparade" in 1981. In 1981, with a German-language cover version of the song "Bette Davis Eyes", "Als ob sie Bette Davis wär", she ranked at number 21 in the German music charts for one week.



General Pinto

General Pinto city was founded on October 23, 1869. It was named after General Manuel Guillermo Pinto (1783-1853). It belonged to Lincoln government until its autonomy was declared in 1891.

It has 6557 inhabitants. There are many public buildings such as a Town Hall, a hospital, a police station, a bank, a fire station and schools.

You can get to the city from Route 188 and Route 7.

Carnival is celebrated the last week of February. It takes place in Mitre Avenue. There are parades, bands and some people wear masks to have fun.

People can play football and hockey in Pintense or Deportivo, but they can play tennis in Deportivo and volleyball in Pintense only.


Eklutna Lake

Eklutna Lake is a large, glacier-fed lake to the north of the city of Anchorage, Alaska. The lake is the city's main source of water and also helps create electric power for the city.

The lake is also part of the city's large park system. It is inside Chugach state park, one of the largest state parks in the United States. People who visit may walk the long trails or camp out between the tall mountains that surround the lake. In the winter, skiing and ice skating are popular activities.

The road from the Glenn Highway out of Anchorage to the lake is ten miles long. It also climbs high into the hills as it nears the campground. Many who enjoy the drive say that it is one of the most scenic drives in Alaska.

Two dams have been used to make electricity. The first was built in 1929 and worked for more than 30 years. It stopped being used in 1955 and was torn down in 2017. The new dam was built in 1951 and moves water through a tunnel to a generator used to make electricity for the city. This dam still serves the city.

The lake and the river leading from it all come from melted snow high in the mountains. The city takes the water from the lake near the dam and treats it to remove germs and sand. It gives the city nearly 90% of its water. At least one company bottles water directly from Eklutna Lake to sell in stores around the country. 

Zoboomafoo

Zoboomafoo was an American children's television series. It aired on PBS Kids from January 25, 1999 until November 21, 2001, with reruns continuing until 2017. It taught children about animals.

Muiris Mac Conghail

Muiris Mac Conghail (1 January 1941 – 25 November 2019) was an Irish journalist, writer, broadcaster, poet, and filmmaker. He was born in Dublin, son of artists Maurice MacGonigal and Aida Kelly.

Secularization

Secularization means religion gets less important in modern societies. As the society goes through modernization, all the religious values and institutions decline.

The 1960s saw a trend toward secularization in Western Europe, North America, Australia, and New Zealand. At the same time these things happened: economic prosperity, youth rebelling against the rules and conventions of society, women's liberation, radical theology, and radical politics.


Sushil Kumar (admiral)

Admiral Sushil Kumar Isaac, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, NM was a Chief of Naval Staff in the Indian Navy. A native of Nagercoil, he ceased to use his surname of Isaacs because it caused confusion with his brother, who shares the same initials and is also a naval officer.

He died on November 27, 2019.

Laoag

Laoag, officially the City of Laoag (), is a city and the capital of the province of Ilocos Norte, Philippines.

Stenorhynchus seticornis

Stenorhynchus seticornis is the arrow crab. Its body is triangular, with long and thin legs. They are up to 10 cm (3.9 in) across, and the animal's carapace may be up to 6 cm (2.4 in) long. They have a lot of different colors on their bodies. They may be golden, yellow or cream, brown, black or iridescent-blue lines; the legs are reddish or yellow, and the claws are blue or violet.

Arrow crabs are found in the western and eastern Atlantic Ocean, from North Carolina and Bermuda to Brazil, including the Caribbean Sea, also in the coastal waters of Cape Verde. Also found in the Sea of Cortez. It lives on coral reefs at depths of 10–30 feet (3.0–9.1 m).

The crab eats small feather duster worms (Sabellidae) and other coral reef invertebrates.

Montipora

Montipora is a genus of Scleractinian corals in the phylum Cnidaria. There are 85 known species.

"Montipora" corals are common on reefs and lagoons of the Red Sea, the western Indian Ocean and the southern Pacific Ocean. They are entirely absent in the Atlantic Ocean.

This coral grows in plates. It can cover huge portions of a reef. The coral is attached permanently to the ocean floor. It spreads out into thin, wide, leaf-like colonies. Larger colonies can grow out in multiple layers. Its surface is covered with many bumpy protrusions.

It gets most of its nutritional needs from the symbiotic dinoflagellates that live inside its cells.

Disco clam

The disco clam, also called an electric frame scallop or electric clam, is a saltwater clam. It lives on coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific. It is a long. It is the only bivalve with a bright display.

Disco clams live on coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific.

It eats very small plankton.

Noel MacNeal

Noel MacNeal (born September 15, 1961), sometimes credited as Noel McNeal or Edward Noel MacNeal, is an American actor, director, puppeteer and writer of children's television. Since the early 1980s, he has performed. He was the puppeteer and voice of Bear in "Bear in the Big Blue House" and its spin-off series "Breakfast with Bear". He also starred as Kako in "Oobi", Lionel Lion in "Between the Lions", and Magellan on "Eureeka's Castle".

Barbara Hillary (adventurer)

Barbara Hillary (June 12, 1931 – November 23, 2019) was the first known black woman to reach the North Pole, which she did at the age of 75 in 2007. She reached the South Pole in January 2011 at the age of 79, becoming the first African-American woman on record to make it there and the first black woman to reach both poles. She was born in New York City.

Hillary died at a hospital in New York City on November 23, 2019 of lung and breast cancer, aged 88.

Howard Cruse

Howard Cruse (May 2, 1944 – November 26, 2019) was an American alternative cartoonist. He was known creating gay themes in his comics. He was the founding editor of "Gay Comix" in 1980. His graphic novel "Stuck Rubber Baby" became his best known work.

Cruse died of lymphoma on November 26, 2019 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts at the age of 75.


Héctor García-Molina

Héctor García-Molina (November 15, 1953 – November 25, 2019) was a Mexican-American computer scientist. He was a Professor in the Departments of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at Stanford University. He was advisor to Sergey Brin, the co-founder of Google, from 1993 to 1997 when Brin was a computer science student at Stanford.


Bruno Nicolè

Bruno Nicolè (; 24 February 1940 – 26 November 2019) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Juventus, Roma, and the national team.

Nicolè died on 26 November 2019 in Pordenone, Italy at the age of 79.

Gary Rhodes

Gary Rhodes, OBE (22 April 1960 – 26 November 2019) was a British restaurateur and television chef. He was known for his love of British cuisine. He appeared on "MasterChef", "MasterChef USA", "Hell's Kitchen", and his own series, "Rhodes Around Britain".

In 2006 he competed to represent the South of England in the BBC's "Great British Menu", but lost to Atul Kochhar.

Rhodes also had his own line of cookware and bread mixes. Rhodes went on to feature in the ITV1 programme "Saturday Cooks", as well as the UKTV Food show "Local Food Hero".

Rhodes died on 26 November 2019 in Dubai at the age of 59. The cause of death was subdural haematoma.


Stefan Danailov

Stefan Lambov Danailov () (9 December 1942 – 27 November 2019) was a Bulgarian actor. He was Minister of Culture of Bulgaria from August 2005 to July 2009. An actor, his best known roles were in "Ladies' Choice", "Affection" and in "Something Out of Nothing".

Danailov died on 27 November 2019 in Sofia of lymphoma, aged 76.

Godfrey Gao

Godfrey Gao (; 22 September 1984 – 27 November 2019) was a Taiwanese-Canadian model and actor. He was the first Asian model to appear in a campaign for Louis Vuitton. He was known for his roles as Magnus Bane in the 2013 movie version of 
"" and for his leading role in Chinese television series "Remembering Lichuan".

Gao died of a heart attack while filming a movie in Ningbo, Zhejiang on 27 November 2019 at the age of 35.


Bala Singh

Bala Singh (24 April 1952 – 27 November 2019) was an Indian actor. He appeared in Tamil language movies. He made his first movie appearance on "Avatharam" (1995). He was known for his villain roles such as in "Kaama" and in "Pudhupettai".

Singh died of cardiac arrest caused by food poisoning in Chennai on 27 November 2019, aged 67.

Sam Watson (political activist)

Samuel William "Sam" Watson (16 November 1952 – 27 November 2019) was an Aboriginal Australian activist and a socialist politician. He was known for his works with the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody. 

In December 2009, Watson was appointed a deputy director at the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies Unit at the University of Queensland and taught two courses in Black Australian Literature. 

He was also a writer and a filmmaker. He received honours for his 1990 novel "The Kadaitcha Sung".

Watson died of a short illness at a Brisbane hospital on 27 November 2019 at the age of 67.


2019 Albania earthquake

Northwestern Albania was struck by a strong 6.4 magnitude earthquake and an epicentre west-southwest of Mamurras, at 03:54 CET on 26 November 2019. 

The tremor was felt in Albania's capital Tirana, North Macedonia's capital Skopje, and in places as far away as Taranto, Italy and Belgrade, Serbia, some northeast of the epicentre. 

At least 51 people were killed by the earthquake, with 3000 others injured. It was the largest to hit Albania in forty years.

Daniel Martínez (politician)

Daniel Carlos Martínez Villamil (born 23 February 1957) is a Uruguayan politician and engineer. He was born in Montevideo. He was the 2019 Broad Front presidential candidate. 

From 2008 through 2009, he was the Minister of Industry, Energy and Mining during the Tabaré Vázquez administration. From 2010 through 2015, he was a member of the Senate. Later, from 2015 through 2019, he was the Mayor of Montevideo. 

Luis Alberto Lacalle Pou

Luis Alberto Alejandro Aparicio Lacalle Pou (born 11 August 1973) is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician. Lacalle Pou is the 42nd and current President of Uruguay since March 2020. He ran as candidate for the National Party in the 2019 election.

He is the son of former President of Uruguay, Luis Alberto Lacalle.

In the 1999 general elections, he was elected representative for Canelones, serving the 2000-2005 term. He was re elected in 2004 and again in 2009.

On 30 March 2014, Lacalle Pou launched his bid for the presidential candidacy. He lost in the second round of the election to Tabaré Vázquez.


Hildur Guðnadóttir

Hildur Ingveldar Guðnadóttir (born 4 September 1982) is an Icelandic musician and composer. She is known for composing the soundtracks for the 2019 miniseries "Chernobyl" and the 2019 comic movie "Joker. S"he won a Golden Globe Award from it. 

She has played and recorded with the bands Pan Sonic, Throbbing Gristle, Múm and Stórsveit Nix Noltes. She also toured with Animal Collective and Sunn O))).

Michael Giacchino

Michael Giacchino (; born October 10, 1967) is an American composer. He has won an Academy Award, a Primetime Emmy Award, and three Grammy Awards.

He is known for his works with J. J. Abrams, Brad Bird, Matt Reeves, Pete Docter, Colin Trevorrow, Jon Watts, Drew Goddard, Gareth Edwards, and The Wachowskis. 

His movie scores include "", "Super 8", "Star Trek", "Star Trek Into Darkness", "The Incredibles", "Incredibles 2", "Ratatouille", "Up", "Cars 2", "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", "Jurassic World", "Inside Out", "Zootopia", "Star Trek Beyond", "Doctor Strange", "Rogue One", "", "Coco", "War for the Planet of the Apes", "", "" and "The Batman".

He also composed the score of the video game series "Medal of Honor" and "Call of Duty". 
Giacchino's influences include John Williams, Henry Mancini, Alan Menken, Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Buddy Baker, Dave Grusin, Bruce Broughton, Lalo Schifrin, James Horner, John Barry, Howard Shore, Leonard Bernstein, Joel McNeely, Elliot Goldenthal, Alfred Newman, Joe Hisaishi, Ludwig Von Beethoven, Claude Debussy, Maurice Ravel, Tan Dun, Charles-Valentin Alkan, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Irwin Kostal, Frank DeVol, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Franz Waxman, Richard Wagner, Irwin Kostal, Max Steiner, Alex North, Hoyt Curtin, Warren Barker, Dominic Frontiere, Leith Stevens, Walter Scharf, Carl Brandt, Dick Grove, Bill Conti, Mundell Lowe, Allyn Ferguson, Matt Dennis, Jack Feierman, George Bruns, Nadia Boulanger, Edward Elgar, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Gustav Mahler, Alex North, Victor Young, Roger Sessions, Arnold Schoenberg, Giacomo Puccini, Hans Richter, Thomas Tallis, Hamilton Harty, Jan Kubelík, Carl Nielsen, Sergei Prokofiev, Cole Porter, Rudolph G. Kopp, Ernst Krenek, Glenn Miller, Gioachino Rossini, Miklós Róza, Benjamin Britten, Frédéric Chopin, Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco, Morton Gould, Fred Steiner, Leonard Rosenman, Leith Stevens, Marius Constant, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill, Bernard Herrmann, Hoyt Curtin, Alexandre Desplat, Benny Goodman, Duke Ellington, Herbie Mann, Nat King Cole, Herb Alpert, Bill Evans, Erroll Garner, Jerry Fielding, Louis Prima, Earle Hagen, Peter Nero, William Lava, Anton Rubinstein, Ferruccio Busoni, Ethelbert Nevin, Edvard Grieg, Johannes Brahms, Robert Schumann, Felix Mendelssohn, Carl Reinecke, Franz Schubert, Joseph Haydn, Johann Georg Albrechtsberger, Johann Sebastian Bach, Arthur Honegger, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Richard Strauss.

Riverside Township, New Jersey

Riverside Township is a township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 8,003.

Mount Holly, New Jersey

Mount Holly is a township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. It is the county seat of Burlington County as well as an eastern suburb of Philadelphia. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 9,981.

Evesham Township, New Jersey

Evesham Township is a township in Burlington County in the US state of New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb of Philadelphia. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 46,826.

Washington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey

Washington Township is a township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 693.

2019–20 Perth Glory FC season

The 2019–20 Perth Glory FC season is the club's 23rd season since it began in 1996. The 2019–20 A-League season was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia and New Zealand. It resumed on 17 July 2020.

It's in the A league.

Marlton, New Jersey

Marlton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Evesham Township, in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, Marlton's population was 10,594.

Joel Chianese

Joel Joseph Chianese (born 15 February 1990) is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward.

He played for Sydney FC.

Perth Glory
Hyderabad

Brad Bird

Phillip Bradley Bird (born September 24, 1957) is an American animator, director, screenwriter, producer, and voice actor. He is best known for his animated feature movies "The Iron Giant" (1999), "The Luke Movie" (2000), "Logan and Luke" (2000), "The Incredibles" (2004), "Ratatouille" (2007), "Incredibles 2" (2018), and "The Iron Giant Christmas Carol" (TBA). His live action movies are "" (2011) and "Tomorrowland" (2015).

Auburn, Washington

Auburn is a city in King County, with a small portion in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The population was 70,180 at the 2010 United States Census. Auburn is a suburb in the Seattle metropolitan area. It is the fifteenth largest city in the state of Washington.

Pierce County, Washington

Pierce County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 921,130, making it the second-most populous county in Washington behind King County. The county seat and largest city is Tacoma.

Benton County, Oregon

Benton County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the population was 95,184. Its county seat is Corvallis. 

Hadesarchaea

Hadesarchaea are very small living things. They are thermophile Archaea that live in very hot places underground. People have found them in sand at the bottom of the ocean, deep mines, hot springs, and other places underground.

Hadesarchaea were first called the South-African Gold Mine Miscellaneous Euryarchaeal Group (SAGMEG) because they were found in a gold mine in South Africa. They were renamed "Hadesarchaea" in 2016 (Hades was the Greek god who ruled the land of the dead).

In 2016, scientists used a method called shotgun sequencing to make a model of the Hadesarchaea genome. A genome is all the genes in an living thing and the other pieces of DNA and RNA that help them work. The Hadesarchaea genome is about 1.5 Megabase pairs in size, which is about 0.5 Mbp smaller than most other Archaea. The scientists think the small genome is how the Hadesarchaea can stay alive with only a little to eat.

Scientists believe Hadesarchaea came from an ancestor that used methane as food.

The first Hadesarchaea that people found were in a mine in South Africa about 3 km (2 mi) under the surface of the Earth. They do not need oxygen or light to live. They were later also found in the White Oak River estuary in North Carolina, a place where a river meets the ocean, and in Yellowstone National Park's Lower Culex Basin. These areas are hot, 70 °C (158 °F), and are so alkaline that they would destroy most living things. Other scientists looked through the soil near old mines in East Harz, Germany and think they may have found pieces of 16S rRNA that could be from Hadesarchaea or their close relatives.

Hadesarchaea are the only archaea that can turn carbon monoxide and water into carbon dioxide and oxygen. When they do this, the reaction gives off hydrogen. Scientists looked at more information about the Hadesarchaea genome and believe they have genes that let them put carbon atoms into other molecules and make methane. Other scientists think Hadesarchaea may be able to use sugar and amino acids as fuel and change nitrite into ammonium. Scientists think Hadesarchaea help in geochemical processes.


Let L-610

The Let L-610 is a Czech military light transport aircraft. It was built as only eight examples between 1988 and 1990.

The Irishman

The Irishman (also titled onscreen as I Heard You Paint Houses) is a 2019 American epic crime movie directed and produced by Martin Scorsese and written by Steven Zaillian, based on the 2004 book "I Heard You Paint Houses" by Charles Brandt.

The movie is about Frank Sheeran (De Niro), a truck driver who becomes a hitman and gets involved with mobster Russell Bufalino (Pesci) and his crime family, including his time working for the powerful Teamster Jimmy Hoffa (Pacino).

It stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, and Joe Pesci, with Ray Romano, Bobby Cannavale, Anna Paquin, Stephen Graham, Stephanie Kurtzuba, Jesse Plemons, and Harvey Keitel in supporting roles.

Principal photography began in September 2017 in New York City and in the Mineola and Williston Park sections of Long Island, and ended in March 2018. With a production budget of $159 million and a runtime of 209 minutes, it is one of the longest and most expensive movies of Scorsese's career.

"The Irishman" had its world premiere at the 57th New York Film Festival on September 27, 2019, and began a small time theater release on November 1, 2019. It was soon streamed on Netflix on November 27, 2019.

On "Rotten Tomatoes", the movie holds an approval rating of 96%.

Frank Sheeran

Frank "The Irishman" Sheeran (October 25, 1920 – December 14, 2003) was an American labor union official. He was accused of having links to the Bufalino crime family.

Sheeran was a figure in the corruption of unions by organized crime. Sheeran claimed to have killed Teamster leader Jimmy Hoffa in 1975. He is played by Robert De Niro in the 2019 Netflix "The Irishman" directed by Martin Scorsese.

Sheeran died of cancer on December 14, 2003 in Philadelphia at the age of 83.
Sheeran did NOT die in Philly he actually died in Delco, he was in a nursing home in West Chester, Pa at the time of his death!! He is buried in Holy Cross Cemetery in Yeadon,Pa, also Delco!!!

Darby, Pennsylvania

Darby is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population is 10,715.

Jim Simons

James Harris Simons (; born April 25, 1938) is an American mathematician, billionaire hedge fund manager, and philanthropist. He is known as a quantitative analyst. In 1982, Simons founded Renaissance Technologies. He is seen as the greatest investor on Wall Street.

As reported by Forbes, his net worth as of October 2019 is estimated to be $21.6 billion, making Simons the 21st-richest man in the United States.

Simons was born in Newton, Massachusetts. He studied at University of California, Berkeley and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

James Harris Simons was born on April 25, 1938 to an American Jewish family, the only child of Marcia (née Kantor) and Matthew Simons, and raised in Brookline, Massachusetts.

He received a bachelor's degree in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958 and a PhD in mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley under supervision of Bertram Kostant in 1961 at the age of 23. After graduating from MIT, Simons traveled from Boston to Bogotá, Colombia on a motor scooter.

In 2008, he was inducted into Institutional Investors Alpha's Hedge Fund Manager Hall of Fame along with Alfred Jones, Bruce Kovner, David Swensen, George Soros, Jack Nash, Julian Robertson, Kenneth Griffin, Leon Levy, Louis Bacon, Michael Steinhardt, Paul Tudor Jones, Seth Klarman and Steven A. Cohen.

He was named by the "Financial Times" in 2006 as "the world's smartest billionaire". He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 2007. In 2011, he was included in the 50 Most Influential ranking of "Bloomberg Markets Magazine".

A book about Simons and his investing methods, "The Man Who Solved the Market: How Jim Simons Launched the Quant Revolution" by Gregory Zuckerman was released November 5, 2019. In 2018, Trinity College Dublin awarded him with an honorary doctorate.


Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin

Fort Atkinson is a city in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States. It is on the Rock River, a few miles upstream from Lake Koshkonong. The population was 12,368 at the 2010 census.

Jefferson County, Wisconsin

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 84,900. Its county seat is Jefferson.

Jefferson, Wisconsin

Jefferson is a city in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States, and is its county seat. It is at the confluence of the Rock and Crawfish rivers. The population was 7,973 at the 2010 census.

Watertown, Wisconsin

Watertown is a city in Dodge and Jefferson counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 23,861 at the 2010 census. 

Beaver Dam, Wisconsin

Beaver Dam is a city in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States, along Beaver Dam Lake and the Beaver Dam River. The population was 16,214 at the 2010 census, making it the largest city in Dodge County.

Pordenone

Pordenone (; Venetian and ) is the main "comune" of Pordenone province of northeast Italy in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region.


Henry County, Kentucky

Henry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,678. Its county seat is New Castle, but its largest city is Eminence. The county was founded in 1798. 

It was named for the statesman and governor of Virginia Patrick Henry.

Clay Evans (pastor)

Clay Evans (June 23, 1925 – November 27, 2019) was an African American Baptist pastor, civil rights activist and singer-songwriter. He was the founder of the influential Fellowship Missionary Baptist Church in Chicago, Illinois. He was famous for his gospel music. 

Evans released his first musical project in 1984, "What He's Done For Me" with Savoy Records. His latest album, "It's Me Again", released in 2006 by Meek Records, failed to chart. He received a nomination for the Best Gospel Album at the 1997 Soul Train Music Awards.

Brownsville, Tennessee

Brownsville is a city in Haywood County, Tennessee, United States. It is the county seat of Haywood County, located in the western Tennessee Delta. Its population as of the 2020 census was 9,788.

Haywood County, Tennessee

Haywood County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,864. Its county seat and largest city is Brownsville.

Walla Walla County, Washington

Walla Walla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2020 census, its population was 62,584. The county seat and largest city is Walla Walla. 

University of Zagreb

The University of Zagreb (, ; ) is the largest Croatian university and the oldest continuously operating university in the area covering Central Europe south of Vienna and all of Southeastern Europe.

The history of the University began on September 23, 1669, when the Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I issued a decree granting the establishment of the "Jesuit Academy of the Royal Free City of Zagreb". The decree was accepted at the Council of the Croatian Kingdom on November 3, 1671. The Academy was run by the Jesuits for more than a century until the order was dissolved by Pope Clement XIV in 1773. In 1776, Empress Maria Theresa issued a decree founding the "Royal Academy of Science" which succeeded the previous Jesuit Academy. Bishop Josip Juraj Strossmayer proposed the founding of a University to the Croatian Parliament in 1861. Emperor Franz Joseph signed the decree on the establishment of the University of Zagreb in 1869. The Act of Founding was passed by the Parliament in 1874, and was ratified by the Emperor on January 5, 1874. On October 19, 1874, the "Royal University of Franz Joseph I" was officially opened.

The University is composed of 29 faculties, 3 art academies and 1 university center with more than 70,000 students. The University is as of 2018 at the 463rd place out of 1000 on the list of Universities of the world made by the Center for University World Rankings.

Natural sciences

Engineering

Biomedical sciences

Biotechnology

Social sciences

Humanities

The arts



2019 Southeast Asian Games

The 2019 Southeast Asian Games, officially known as the 30th Southeast Asian Games or 2019 SEA Games and commonly known as Philippines 2019, will be the 30th edition of the Southeast Asian Games, a biennial regional multi-sport event which will be hosted by the Philippines from 30 November to 11 December 2019, with games from selected sports started as early as November 25.

In July 2015, the Philippines agreed to host the games after Brunei's withdrawal. However, the Philippines' hosting was left uncertain following the withdrawal of government support two years later as it planned to use the funds intended for the games for the rehabilitation of Marawi after being occupied by ISIS supporters. Thailand and Indonesia offered to host the games with the latter planning to reuse the venues used.

Taleh

Taleh (, ) is a city in Sool, Somalia. It was the final capital of the Daraawiish. The first Daraawiish capital was in Dareema Caddo near Buuhoodle.

USP

The USP was a political party and autonomous state from 1989 until 1998 in northern Somalia. It was mainly for the Dhulbahante (aka Darwiish) population.

Subdural hematoma

A subdural hematoma (SDH) is a type of bleeding in which a collection of blood usually caused from a traumatic brain injury—gathers in the inner layer of the dura mater and the arachnoid mater of the meninges surrounding the brain. It usually results from tears in bridging veins that cross the subdural space.

The symptoms of a subdural hematoma are slow to notice because the lower-pressure veins involved bleed more slowly than arteries. Signs and symptoms of acute hematomas may appear in minutes, if not immediately, but can also be delayed as much as two weeks.

Jeanne Gang

Jeanne Gang (born March 19, 1964) is an American architect. She is the founder and leader of Studio Gang, an architecture and urban design practice with offices in Chicago, New York, and San Francisco. 

She is known for her Aqua Tower design. She also designed the University of Chicago Campus North Residential and Dining Commons and two boathouses on the Chicago River. Her Aqua tower in Chicago is currently the tallest woman-designed building in the world. Her newest design is the Vista Tower.

Louis Kahn

Louis Isadore Kahn (born Itze-Leib Schmuilowsky) ( – March 17, 1974) was an Estonian-born American architect. His career was set in Philadelphia. 

He founded his own atelier in 1935. While continuing his private practice, he was a design critic and professor of architecture at Yale School of Architecture from 1947 to 1957. From 1957 until his death, he was a professor of architecture at the School of Design at the University of Pennsylvania.

Kahn died of a heart attack on March 17, 1974 in a bathroom at Penn Station in Manhattan, aged 73.

North Hero, Vermont

North Hero is a town and county seat of Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States. The population was 939 at the 2020 census.

The Sutherland Brothers

The Sutherland Brothers (Gavin and Iain Sutherland) were a Scottish folk and soft rock duo. From 1973 to 1978, they performed with rock band Quiver, and recorded and toured as Sutherland Brothers & Quiver. The group recorded several albums and had a significant international hit single with the song "Arms of Mary" in 1976. 

In North America, they are known for their 1973 single "(I Don't Want to Love You But) You Got Me Anyway".


K12

K12 is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in India and Pakistan. K12 is part of the Saltoro subrange. It is the 60th highest mountain in the world.

K12 is not climbed often, as it is in the disputed Kashmir region. The first people to reach the top were Tsutomu Ito and Shinichi Takagi, in 1974.

IG Field

IG Field, which used to be called the Investors Group Field, is a football stadium in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It opened in 2013. It is located on the University of Manitoba campus next to University Stadium. IG Field is owned by Triple B Stadium Inc., a group which includes the City of Winnipeg, the Province of Manitoba, the Winnipeg Football Club and the University of Manitoba. The stadium is home to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers (Canadian Football League), Valour FC (Canadian Premier League), the University of Manitoba Bisons football team, and the Winnipeg Rifles (CJFL).

The stadium can hold 33,500 people, and is partially covered. It has a corrugated metal roof, restaurant, 52 suites, walk of fame and other amenities.

Lennart Andersson (athlete)

Agne Lennart Andersson (later "Agnred", 17 January 1914 – 18 December 1997) was a Swedish triple jumper. He finished the triple jump at the 1936 Summer Olympics in 19th place and the triple jump at the 1938 European Athletics Championships in 6th place.

Andersson held titles for Sweden in the triple jump in 1937–38 and in the standing high jump in 1937.

Un Certain Matin

Un Certain Matin is a 1991 Burkinese award-winning movie made by . In 2011, academic Yifen Beus argued that the film reflects the filmmaker’s experience in filmmaking as a female director, While feminists also argued similarly that the film was meant to demystify it.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (movie)

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a 2004 fantasy movie directed by Alfonso Cuarón. It is based on J. K. Rowling's 1999 novel of the same name. It is the sequel to "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002) and the third part in the "Harry Potter" movie series. The movie stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger. 

It was the first appearance of Michael Gambon as Professor Albus Dumbledore, because of Richard Harris' death in 2002.

The movie was released on 31 May 2004 in the United Kingdom, and on 4 June 2004 in North America, as the first "Harry Potter" movie using IMAX Technology and released into IMAX theatres. 

It was nominated for two Academy Awards, Best Original Music Score and Best Visual Effects at the 77th Academy Awards in 2004. 

Harry Potter spends another summer with his abusive aunt and uncle. After his uncle's sister insults Harry's dead parents, Harry accidentally uses magic to make her inflate and float away. Harry leaves the house and reunites with his friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. They find out that a prisoner named Sirius Black has escaped Azkaban, which is a prison for dangerous witches and wizards.

While on the train to Hogwarts, a Dementor enters the train searching for Sirius Black. The Dementors are ghost-like creatures which suck all the happiness and life out of anything. They are the guards used by the magical government to guard Azkaban. The Dementor attacks Harry, but Harry is saved by a new teacher at Hogwarts named Professor Lupin.

Ron's brothers, Fred and George give Harry a magical map of Hogwarts which shows were everyone is. While using the map and his invisibility cloak, Harry learns that Sirius Black is his godfather who told Lord Voldemort where Harry's parents were hiding. This allowed Voldemort to find and kill them.

While outside, Ron's pet rat, Scabbers escapes. While chasing his rat, Ron is dragged into a hole at the base of a tree by a large black dog. Harry and Hermione go into the hole, which leads to an underground room. The dog is actually Sirius Black. Professor Lupin arrives and reveals that he is Sirius Black's friend.

Lupin and Sirius explain that Sirius is actually innocent and that they were friends with Harry's parents. They reveal that the person who actually betrayed Harry's parents was a man named Peter Pettigrew. Sirius and Lupin then use magic to reveal that Ron's rat is actually Peter Pettigrew. Peter escapes and Sirius is caught by the Dementors. The headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, helps Harry and Hermione use time travel to save Sirius from the Dementors. Professor Lupin resigns from his job because he is actually a werewolf.


Knut Agnred

"Knut" Axel Lennart Agnred (born 29 February 1956 in Johannebergs församling in Gothenburg) is a Swedish singer and comedian. He is known for being a member of Galenskaparna och After Shave.

Knut Agnred is the son of the athlete Lennart Andersson, who adopted the surname Agnred. He was learning electrical engineering after studying at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg. He has also worked caring for elderly people at Kålltorps sjukhem in Gothenburg. He has been a member of the comedy group Galenskaparna och After Shave since it started in 1979. Agnred has written lyrics and music for several songs performed by Galenskaparna och After Shave.

Agnred has worked with Ken Wennerholm and Göran Rudbo in Triple & Touch and released a solo album called "Text & music" in 2004. In March 2009, the death metal band Despite released their first album "In Your Despite". Knut Agnred contributed to the album's first track "Mindplague".




Dieter Birr

Dieter "Maschine" Birr (born 22 March 1944 in Köslin, Pommern) is a German singer, guitarist and composer. He was a longtime member of the rock band Puhdys, which dissolved in 2016.

Dieter Birr was trained as a grinder and at the same time taught himself how to play the guitar. From 1966 to 1972 he studied dance music, music theory and guitar at Musikschule Friedrichshain in East Berlin. Until 1969 he was a member of the bands Telestars, Luniks (including Fritz Puppel), Jupiters and Evgeni-Kantschew-Quintett. In 1969, he became frontman of the Puhdys, which became the most commercially successful rock band in GDR history. Birr composed around 250 songs for the band. He got his nickname "Maschine" after band member Peter Meyer described him as an "eating machine".

In 1974, Birr appeared in a supporting role in the DEFA film "Elective Affinities".

In 1986, Amiga released his first solo album, "Intim", which was not commercially successful. In the meantime, he worked on lyrics for Dunja Rajter and the Wildecker Herzbuben, and others.

In his second solo album, "Maschine", released in 2014, Julia Neigel, Wolfgang Niedecken and Toni Krahl also appeared as duet partners. The album contains some new additions to well-known Puhdys hits from the 1970s, including "Geh zu ihr" and "Wenn ein Mensch lebt". Also in 2014, on his 70th birthday, Birr's autobiography "Maschine – Die Biografie." was released.

In 2016, the third solo album "Neubeginner" was released after the end of the Puhdys. In 2017, he sang together with Romano on the song "Karl May", which appeared on his album "Copyshop". In 2019, he appeared at Lieder auf Banz with Julia Neigel.

Birr lives in Neuenhagen bei Berlin and has been married since 1979 in his second marriage. He has two children. His son Andy Birr is a vocalist, guitarist and drummer of the pop band Bell, Book & Candle.






Odonatoptera

The Odonatoptera are a superorder (sometimes treated as an order) of ancient flying insects.

It includes all kinds of dragonflies, and is placed in the Palaeoptera. 

The dragonflies and damselflies are the only living members of this group. It was far more diverse in the late Paleozoic and contained gigantic species, including the griffinflies (or "giant dragonflies") of the order Protodonata. This lineage dates back at least to the Pennsylvanian, not quite 320 million years ago. 

It is now clear that giant dragonflies survived to the end of the Permian.

Del Boy

Derek Edward Trotter, more commonly known as Del Boy (born 12 July 1948), is the fictional lead character in the popular BBC sitcom "Only Fools and Horses" and one of the main characters of its prequel, "Rock & Chips". He was played by David Jason in the original series and was portrayed as a teenager by James Buckley in the prequel. Del Boy is often considered one of the greatest comedy characters in British television history and also an iconic character of British culture. In 2001, in a survey conducted by Channel 4, Del Boy was ranked fourth on the 100 Greatest TV Characters list.

Patrick Moore

Sir Patrick Alfred Caldwell-Moore (4 March 1923 – 9 December 2012) was an English astronomer, researcher and television presenter. He is known for his books and his television series "The Sky at Night". He became known as a specialist in Moon observation and for creating the Caldwell catalogue.

He died on 9 December 2012.

Skil Brum

Skil Brum is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Skil Brum is part of the Baltoro Muztagh subrange. It is the 65th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Fritz Wintersteller and Marcus Schmuck, in 1957.

Eddie Duran

Edward Lozano Duran (September 6, 1925 – November 22, 2019) was an American jazz guitarist. He was born in San Francisco. He recorded often with Vince Guaraldi. He was a member of the Benny Goodman orchestra during the 1970s.

Duran died on November 22, 2019 in Sonoma, California at the age of 94.

Uljana Semjonova

Uļjana Larionovna Semjonova (, born 9 March 1952) is a retired Soviet-Latvian basketball player.

Her height is . Semjonova was the leading women's basketball player in the world in the 1970s and 1980s. She was known for having the largest feet ever in women's basketball. 

She mainly played for TTT Riga, which was part of Daugava Voluntary Sports Society. 

Quitman County, Mississippi

Quitman County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 6,176 people lived there. Its county seat is Marks. The county is named after John A. Quitman, Governor of Mississippi from 1835 to 1836 and from 1850 to 1851.

Quitman County is in the Mississippi Delta region of Mississippi.

Romanel-sur-Morges

Romanel-sur-Morges is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Longford, Kansas

Longford is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 73.

La Chaux (Cossonay)

La Chaux is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Ferreyres

Ferreyres is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Seadrift, Texas

Seadrift is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jonah Goldberg

Jonah Jacob Goldberg (born March 21, 1969) is an American conservative political commentator, writer and podcaster. He was the Senior Editor for National Review. He still writes for them. 

He started a new conservative media company called The Dispatch He writes "the Goldberg File" also known as "the G-file", about politics and his dogs, there. 

He hosts "the Remnant with Jonah Goldberg" podcast.



NBCUniversal

NBCUniversal Media, LLC (commonly known as just NBCUniversal) is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate corporation that is a division of Comcast and is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Midtown Manhattan in New York City.

Ginger beer

Ginger beer is a non-alcoholic soft drink that is flavored with ginger root. Ginger beer is much spicier than ginger ale. Ginger beer is popular in some Caribbean countries such as Trinidad.

Traditional ginger beer is naturally sweetened and carbonated, and usually non-alcoholic. It is produced by the natural fermentation of prepared ginger spice, yeast and sugar.

Buru

Buru is an island in Indonesia. About a third of the people are indigenous, mostly Buru, but also Lisela, Ambelau and Kayeli people. Between 1658 and 1942, Buru was colonised by the Dutch East India Company and then by the Crown of the Netherlands. The Japanese army had the island between 1942 and 1945. In 1950, it became part of independent Indonesia. During president Suharto's New Order administration in the 1960s–1970s, Buru was a prison for thousands of political prisoners. The famous Indonesian writer Pramoedya Ananta Toer wrote most of his novels, including "Buru Quartet" in that prison.

Buru island is between two seas of the Pacific Ocean – Seram Sea () on the north and Banda Sea () to the south and west. To the east, is the Manipa Strait () then Seram Island (). The area of Buru is . Buru is the third largest Maluku Islands.

Buru is shaped like an oval. It is about from east to west and from north to south. The highest point on the island () is the peak of Mount Kapalatmada. The island is mostly mountainous, especially in the central and western parts. Much of the island is covered with tropical rain forest.

Buru is between Australia and Asia. Its plants and animals are unique.

The island belongs to the Indonesian province of Maluku (). It is split into Buru Regency () and South Buru Regency ().
As of the 2010 Census, the population of the islands administered as Buru was 161,828 people; at the 2015 Intermediate Census this rose to 186,779. About 68.3% in the northern regency and 31.7% in the southern;

One of the first mentions of Buru is in the Nagarakretagama in 1365. That is an Old Javanese funeral speech for Hayam Wuruk, the ruler of the Majapahit Kingdom.

In the 16th–17th centuries Buru was claimed by the rulers of Ternate island and by the Portuguese. But neither nation controlled the island. They only visited it for trade. Makassar people from Sulawesi island built fortifications on Buru. The Makassars forced the locals to grow valuable spices, such as clove.

The Makassars and Dutch East India Company both wanted the spices in the east of the Malay archipelago. They fought a war. In 1648, the Dutch forced the Makassar out of Buru. The Dutch destroyed farms and buildings because they could not stay on Buru and afraid that the Makassars might come back. They came back with with four cannon and staffed by 24 soldiers in 1658 at the southern coast of Kayeli Bay. They built a permanent settlement and fortress. The Dutch forced about 2,000 local island people to move to Kayeli Bay. Many of them were nobles. The Dutch wanted to control the local people and make them work in the clove fields. These local Kayeli people became important leaders.

The Dutch East India Company ended in the early 18th century. All its land in the Malay archipelago became property of the Dutch crown. Buru was divided into regencies. Local rulers called rajascontrolled the regencies for the Dutch. All rajas were Kayeli tribal nobles.

The demise of Kayeli dominance began in the 1880s, when the leaders of Leliali, Wae Sama and Fogi clans moved significant parts of their ethnic groups to their original settlements; they were joined in the early 1900s by Tagalisa. By then, many other of the original 13 Kayeli villages were either abandoned or had lost their rajas. By about 1910, the leading role of the Kayeli clan had almost disappeared.

From the spring of 1942 to the summer of 1945, the Japanese army controlled all of the Dutch East Indies, including Buru. The island was bombed by the Allies planes. They were attacking the Namlea Airport.

After Japan lost the war, control of the island went back to the Netherlands. In December 1946, Buru, along with the other Maluku Islands, Sulawesi and Lesser Sunda Islands, was included in a partly independent State of East Indonesia. It was set up by the Dutch government. They planned to let their East Indies slowly become a dependent state. In December 1949, eastern Indonesia joined the Republic of the United States of Indonesia.

In April 1950, Buru, Ambon, Seram and some smaller nearby islands started an independent Republic of South Moluccas. They promised to keep close political ties with the Netherlands. The Republic of Indonesia tried to absorb the RMS by talking. But, this failed. So, the Republic of Indonesia started a six-month war in July 1950. In December 1950, the Republic of Indonesia controlled Buru and it became part of the Republic of Indonesia.

Between 1950 and 1965, the new government wanted to make Buru part of Indonesia. In the 1960s and 1970s, during the military regime of General Suharto, Buru became a main prison. Most prisoners were Communists and other left-wing representatives, and intellectuals. Most camps on Buru were closed in 1980. More than 12,000 people had been prisoners. At least several hundred had died or been killed.

One of the prisoners was an Indonesian writer, Pramoedya Ananta Toer. He was in prison for 14 years (1965–1979). He wrote there many of his novels, including most of "Buru Quartet". Until 1975, Toer was not allowed pencil or paper. He memorized his novels and told them to his cellmates. They helped him to remember the stories.

Buru is linked with other parts of Indonesia by sea. It has two main ports in Namlea and Namrole. The military airfield at Namlea (runway 750 meters) is used for air transportation. Most local transportation is on roads.

Traditionally, work and culture in villages changed with seasons and people moved to follow work. and food. Men hunted wild pigs called Buru babirusa, deer, and possum. Women gathered wild vegetables. During the west monsoon (November to April) both men and women worked together in the fields. The soil on the island was not good, so sometimes villages moved to newer, better soil. Sometimes people would move their whole village after some 20 years of using one piece of land. Most settlements were small. 

Traditional Buru clothes are similar those of most other Indonesia peoples. Men wear sarongs and a long-skirted tunic. Women also wear sarongs but a shorter jacket. Color of clothes is different for the different tribes of the island.

Both Indonesian and foreign scientists study the special plant and animal life on the island. But, the original plants on the coast and much of the mountain forest have been cut or destroyed for farming. Only two large areas rain forest are still in the mountains. These are protected areas called Gunung Kapalat Mada (1,380 km) and Waeapo (50 km).



Scott Island

Scott Island is a small island in the Ross Sea, Southern Ocean. No people live here. It covers an area of 0.04km² with an 63m high. In 1902, William Colbeck found this island. New Zealand claims to be their island.

Lucas, Kansas

Lucas is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 332.

Dorrance, Kansas

Dorrance is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 146.

2019 London Bridge stabbing

On the afternoon of 29 November 2019, police were called to a mass stabbing on London Bridge, in Central London, England. Five people were stabbed, and two died of their injuries. The attacker was shot by City of London Police and died at the scene. Police declared the attack a terrorist incident.



Joan Staley

Joan Staley (born Joan Lynette McConchie; May 20, 1940 – November 24, 2019) was an American actress and model. She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She was known for her roles in "The Untouchables", "77 Sunset Strip" and "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken". She was a Playboy Playmate in November 1958.

Staley died on November 24, 2019 at a hospital in Santa Clarita, California of heart failure at the age of 79.

Cyrus Chothia

Cyrus Homi Chothia (19 February 1942 – 26 November 2019) was an English biochemist. He was an emeritus scientist at the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB) at the University of Cambridge and emeritus fellow of Wolfson College, Cambridge.

Chothia died on 26 November 2019 at the age of 77.

Maarit Feldt-Ranta

Maarit Kristiina Feldt-Ranta (26 April 1968 – 27 November 2019) was a Finnish politician. She represented the Social Democratic Party of Finland. She had represented the electoral district of Uusimaa in the Parliament of Finland from March 2007 through April 2019. In 2017, she was elected as the vice-chair of the party. Feldt-Ranta was born in Karis, Finland.

In January 2019, Feldt-Ranta announced her retirement because she was re-diagnosed with stomach cancer. In May, she stopped treatment. She died six months later on 27 November from the disease at the age of 51.

Agnes Baker Pilgrim

Agnes Emma Baker Pilgrim (September 11, 1924 – November 27, 2019) was a Native American spiritual elder. She was born near Grants Pass, Oregon. She was the oldest member of her tribe, the Takelma. 

Pilgrim was Elected Chairperson of the International Council of 13 Indigenous Grandmothers at its founding in 2004. "She was honored as a "Living Treasure" by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz, and as a "Living Cultural Legend" by the Oregon Council of the Arts." She was Leader of the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians.

Pilgrim died on November 27, 2019 in Grants Pass at the age of 95.


Marion McClinton

Marion McClinton (July 26, 1954 – November 28, 2019) was an American theatre director, playwright, and actor. He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

He was nominated for the Tony Award for "King Hedley II". He won the 2000 Vivian Robinson Audelco Black Theatre Awards, Director/Dramatic Production and the 1999–2000 Obie Awards, Direction, for "Jitney", and was nominated for the Drama Desk Award. He directed an Off-Broadway production of "Pure Confidence" in May 2009 as part of Americas Off Broadway Festival.

McClinton died from renal failure in Saint Paul on November 28, 2019, at age 65.

Jaegwon Kim

Jaegwon Kim (Daegu, September 12, 1934 – November 27, 2019) was a Korean-American philosopher. He was an emeritus professor at Brown University, but who also taught at several other leading American universities. He was best known for his work on mental causation and the mind-body problem. His issues are well represented by the papers collected in "Supervenience and Mind: Selected Philosophical Essays" (1993).

Kim died on November 27, 2019 at the age of 85.

Data Gunj Buksh Town

Data Gunj Buksh Town is an administrative town (tehsil) in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It forms one of the ten towns of Lahore City District. 

Huron, Kansas

Huron is a city in Atchison County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 74 people lived there.

Huron was platted in 1882. This is when the railroad was extended to that point. The city was named after Col. Anthony Huron, an original owner of the town site.

Huron is at (39.638233, -95.351199).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census says that there were 74 people, 30 households, and 20 families living in the city. All of the households owned their home.

The median age was 43.5 years. Of the people, 97.3% were White, 1.4% were Black, and 1.4% were from some other race. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 54 people, 20 households, and 13 families living in the city.


Lussy-sur-Morges

Lussy-sur-Morges is a municipality in the Morges district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Cottens, Vaud

Cottens was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.

Cuarnens

Cuarnens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Dizy, Switzerland

Dizy is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Pampigny

Pampigny was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.


Echandens

Echandens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


L'Isle

L'Isle is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Willowbrook, Kansas

Willowbrook is a city in Reno County, Kansas, United States, and a suburb of Hutchinson. As of the 2020 census, 71 people lived there.

Willowbrook is at (38.101109, -97.991984).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census, there were 71 people, 28 households, and 21 families living in Willowbrook. All of the households owned their home.

The median age was 63.8 years. Of the people, 98.6% were White and 1.4% were Pacific Islanders. None were Hispanic or Latino.

As of the 2010 census, there were 87 people, 35 households, and 33 families living in the city.


Simpson, Kansas

Simpson is a city in Cloud and Mitchell counties in Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 82 people lived there.

Simpson was first called Brittsville. It had started in 1871 when a mill opened at the site. The present name was adopted in 1882 in honor of Alfred Simpson, an original landowner.

The first post office at Brittsville was created in June 1874. It was renamed Simpson in April 1882.

Simpson is at (39.384460, -97.932291).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census, there were 82 people, 32 households, and 22 families living in the city. Of the households, 87.5% owned their home and 12.5% rented their home.

The median age was 32.5 years. Of the people, 93.9% were White, 3.7% were from some other race, and 2.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 86 people, 36 households, and 26 families living in the city.

Simpson is served by USD 273 Beloit.

Simpson schools were closed through school unification. The Simpson High School mascot was Simpson Coyotes.


Hunter, Kansas

Hunter is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 51 people lived there.

The first post office in Hunter was created in 1895. It was named for Al Hunter, an early settler. Hunter was incorporated in 1915.

Hunter is at (39.235043, -98.396117).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Hunter has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Hunter has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

As of the 2020 census says that there were 51 people, 28 households, and 15 families living in the city. Of the households, 60.7% owned their home and 39.3% rented their home.

The median age was 37.5 years. Of the people, 94.1% were White, 2.0% were Asian, and 3.9% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 57 people, 33 households, and 15 families living in the city.

Hunter is served by USD 299 Sylvan-Lucas Unified Schools.

Hunter High School was created in 1917. Hunter, Sylvan Grove and Vesper schools merged to form Sylvan Unified schools in 1966. In 2010, Sylvan Unified merged with Lucas-Luray schools to form Sylvan-Lucas Unified.

The Hunter High School mascot was Hunter Huntsmen. Sylvan Unified as well as Sylvan-Lucas Unified mascot is the Mustangs.


Tipton St John

"This is about the village in the Devon. For other places called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Tipton St John is a village in the parish of Ottery St Mary in the county of Devon in England. About 350 people live there. The village is near the River Otter.

The Tipton St Johns railway station closed in 1967.

The village has a pub called The Golden Lion.

The village primary school has 97 students and 16 staff. It is run by Devon County Council.

The post office closed down in 2008.


Montgomery County, Mississippi

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,822 people lived there. Its county seat is Winona.

Sharkey County, Mississippi

Sharkey County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 3,800 people lived there. Its county seat is Rolling Fork.

Fort Sumner, New Mexico

Fort Sumner is a village in the state of New Mexico in the United States. It is the county seat of De Baca County.

Anthony Martial

Anthony Jordan Martial (born 5 December 1995) is a French football player who plays for Manchester United FC and the French national team. Martial started playing football at Les Ulis. He moved to Lyon to start playing professionally. He moved to AS Monaco in 2013, and then to Manchester United in 2015.

Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation

Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure video game developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. It first released for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows in 1999, then on Dreamcast and Mac OS the following year. It is the fourth instalment in the "Tomb Raider" series. The plot follows archaeologist-adventurer Lara Croft as she must hurry to imprison the Egyptian god Set after accidentally setting him free.

Fractionating column

A fractionating column is a device often used in chemistry to separate low-boiling point liquids from high-boiling point liquids during fractional distillation. A large outdoor fractionating column is a fractionating tower.

Bismuth(III) nitrate

Bismuth(III) nitrate is a salt of bismuth, in the 3+ oxidation state, and the nitrate anion. Its chemical formula is Bi(NO).

Fairview, Kansas

Fairview is a city in Brown County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 240 people lived there.

Fairview was founded in 1872. It was named for its scenic setting.

Fairview is at (39.839385 -95.728314).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 240 people, 118 households, and 69 families living in the city. Of the households, 82.2% owned their home and 17.8% rented their home.

The median age was 50.0 years. Of the people, 91.7% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.4% were Black, 2.5% were from some other race, and 4.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 260 people, 130 households, and 71 families living in the city.



Wayne County, Mississippi

Wayne County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 19,779 people lived there. Its county seat is Waynesboro.

Panola County, Mississippi

Panola County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 33,208 people lived there. Its county seats are Sardis and Batesville.

Pearl River County, Mississippi

Pearl River County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 56,145 people lived there. Its county seat is Poplarville. It used to be called Hancock County.

Pike County, Mississippi

Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 40,324 people lived there. Its county seat is Magnolia.

Morrill, Kansas

Morrill is a city in Brown County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 218 people lived there.

Morrill was planned out in 1878 when the St. Joseph and Western Railroad was extended to that point. It was named for Kansas governor Edmund Needham Morrill, the 13th Governor of Kansas.

Morrill is at (39.929169, -95.694323).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census, there were 218 people, 78 households, and 51 families living in the city. Of the households, 85.9% owned their home and 14.1% rented their home.

The median age was 40.5 years. Of the people, 89.9% were White, 5.5% were Native American, and 4.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 230 people, 88 households, and 66 families living in the city.

Morrill is served by USD 113 Prairie Hills.

Morrill High School was closed through school unification. The Morrill High School mascot was Tigers.



Saint-Livres

Saint-Livres (or Saint Livers in English) is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


La Rogivue

La Rogivue was an independent municipality in Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 January 2003, it became part of the municipality Maracon.

Lavigny, Vaud

Lavigny is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.


Malapalud

Malapalud was a municipality in Echallens in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality Assens.

Mosnang

Mosnang is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Oberhelfenschwil

Oberhelfenschwil is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Montherod

Montherod was a municipality in Morges in the Swiss canton of Vaud. On 1 January 2021, Montherod became a part of Aubonne.

Guam kingfisher

The Guam kingfisher ("Todiramphus cinnamominus") is a reddish-orange bird in the kingfisher family, having blue wings and being about the same size as a North American robin. The only known Guam kingfishers left on Earth seem to live in captivity, with a breeding program having been established. There are an estimated 140 Guam kingfishers left. The Guam kingfisher is one of two subspecies, the other being the now-extinct Micronesian kingfisher.

Haramosh Peak

Haramosh Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Skil Brum is part of the Rakaposhi-Haramosh subrange. It is the 68th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were an Austrian expedition, in 1958.

Uranyl nitrate

Uranyl nitrate is a salt of the cation uranyl, and the nitrate anion. Its formula is UO(NO). Chemists make it by mixing uranium salts with nitric acid. Uranyl nitrate dissolves in some solvents, like water and ethanol.

Acetone peroxide

Acetone peroxide (also called APEX) is a very explosive and dangerous chemical compound. It is often seen as a dimer or trimer. This means that the molecules of acetone peroxide are connected to each other two or three times.

Acetone peroxide does not see much use in armies around the world, because it does not last very long. It only lasts around 10 days. However, it is very popular among terrorist groups, because it is cheap to make and very energetic. It is also one of the few explosives that do not contain nitrogen, making it hard to find.

Metric ton

A metric ton is a unit of measurement for mass. It is equal to 1000 kilograms, or one megagram (one million grams). When people talk about a ton, in countries which use the SI system of units, they mean the metric ton. The metric ton is usually abbreviated to t.


Electric match

An electric match is a device that uses electricity to ignite a flammable compound. Usually, it is made of two wires. When an electric current is applied to the two wires, they will ignite the compound. Electric matches are used when it is important to know the exact time at which the compound catches fire. Example uses include airbags, pyrotechnic devices (fireworks) and explosives. 

Because they can be used to ignite explosives, some countries have trade restrictions on electric matches.

Boyolali Regency

Boyolali () is a regency () in the east part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Boyolali.

Henri Biancheri

Henri Biancheri (30 July 1932 – 1 December 2019) was a French footballer player and sports executive. He played midfielder for 14 seasons including seven at AS Monaco FC. After he retired as a player, he became a commercial director at Adidas from 1966 to 1986.

Biancheri died on 1 December 2019 at the age of 87.


Shelley Morrison

Shelley Morrison (born Rachel Mitrani, also known as Rachel Domínguez; October 26, 1936 – December 1, 2019) was an American actress. Her best known role was Rosario Salazar in the NBC comedy television series "Will & Grace". She also had a recurring role in the soap opera "General Hospital" in 1982.

Morrison died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on December 1, 2019 of heart failure, aged 83.

Cedars-Sinai Medical Center

Cedars-Sinai Medical Center is a non-profit, tertiary 886-bed hospital and academic health science center. It is located in Beverly Grove in the Mid-City West area of Los Angeles, California. The hospital has a staff of over 2,000 physicians and 10,000 employees.

Paul Sirba

Paul David Sirba (September 2, 1960 – December 1, 2019) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of the Diocese of Duluth, Minnesota from 2009 until his death. He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Sirba died on December 1, 2019 in Duluth, Minnesota of a heart attack at the age of 59.

Pat Sullivan (American football)

Patrick Joseph Sullivan (January 18, 1950 – December 1, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He won the Heisman Trophy in 1971. He then played six seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Atlanta Falcons and Washington Redskins. 

Sullivan was a head football coach at Samford University, from 2007 to 2014. He was the head football coach at Texas Christian University (TCU) from 1992 to 1997 and the offensive coordinator at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) from 1999 to 2006. 

Sullivan was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1991.

Sullivan died on December 1, 2019 at his Birmingham, Alabama home from throat cancer-related problems, aged 69.

Brian Tierney (medievalist)

Brian Tierney (May 7, 1922 – November 30, 2019) was an English historian and a medievalist. He was a member of the faculty of the Catholic University of America for eight years until becoming professor of medieval history at Cornell University in 1959, becoming the Goldwin Smith Professor of Medieval History in 1969. He was the first Bowmar Professor of Humanistic Studies in 1977.

Tierney was born in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire. He died on November 30, 2019 at his home in Ithaca, New York at the age of 97.

North Lincolnshire

North Lincolnshire is a unitary authority area in Lincolnshire, England, with a population of 167,446 at the 2011 census. There are three major towns: Scunthorpe, the administrative centre, Brigg and Barton-upon-Humber.

Milagrosa Tan

Milagrosa Tan (1957/1958 – 30 November 2019) was a Filipina politician. She was the Governor of Samar from 2001 through 2010 and again from June 2019 through her death. She was the first female governor of the province. She was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines.

Tan died at a hospital in Taguig from cardiac arrest on 30 November 2019, aged 61.


Harold Rahm

Harold Joseph Rahm (February 22, 1919 – November 30, 2019) was a Catholic priest and Jesuit. He was well known for his work with gangs and inner-city youth in El Paso, Texas. From there he went to Campinas, Brazil, where he worked at prevention and treatment of drug addiction.

Rahm died on November 30, 2019 in Campinas, Brazil at the age of 100.


Petr Málek

Petr Málek (; 26 November 1961 in Moravský Krumlov – 30 November 2019 in Kuwait) was a Czech sport shooter. He won the Silver Medal in skeet at the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. He was Cyprus coach 2002–2008 and later a private coach.

Mariss Jansons

Mariss Ivars Georgs Jansons (14 January 1943 – 30 November/1 December 2019) was a Latvian-Russian conductor. Jansons was seen as one of the world's top living conductors. He was best known for his versions of Mahler, Strauss and Russian composers such as Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninoff and Shostakovich.

He worked for the Oslo Philharmonic, where he was music director from 1979 to 2000. He also directed the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1997 to 2004, the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra from 2003 until his death, and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra from 2004 to 2015.

Jansons died either late on 30 November or during the early hours of 1 December 2019 in Saint Petersburg, Russia from cardiovascular disease, aged 76.

Michael Howard (historian)

Sir Michael Eliot Howard (29 November 1922 – 30 November 2019) was a British military historian.

He was a Professor of the History of War, Honorary Fellow of All Souls College, Regius Professor of Modern History at Oxford University, Robert A. Lovett Professor of Military and Naval History at Yale University and founder of the Department of War Studies King's College London. 

In 1958, he co-founded the International Institute for Strategic Studies.

Howard was called by "Financial Times" as "Britain's greatest living historian". 

Irving Burgie

Irving Louis Burgie (July 28, 1924 – November 29, 2019), also known as Lord Burgess, was an American songwriter. He was known as "one of the greatest composers of Caribbean music". Burgie was born in Brooklyn. He wrote 34 songs for Harry Belafonte, including eight of the 11 songs on the Belafonte album "Calypso" (1956), the first album of any kind to sell one million copies. Burgie also wrote the lyrics of the National Anthem of Barbados. 

Burgie died on November 29, 2019 in Queens of heart failure at the age of 95.

Martin Dempsey

Martin Edward Dempsey (born March 14, 1952), sometimes known as Marty Dempsey, is a retired United States Army general. He was the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from October 1, 2011 until September 25, 2015. He was the 37th Chief of Staff of the Army from April 11, 2011 to September 7, 2011. He retired on September 25, 2015. 

He now is a professor at Duke University and as a chairman of USA Basketball.

Ken Kavanagh

Thomas Kenrick Kavanagh (12 December 1923 — 26 November 2019) was an Australian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and racecar driver. He was born in Melbourne. In 1952, Kavanagh became the first Australian to win a motorcycle Grand Prix race when he won the 350cc Ulster Grand Prix.

Kavanagh died in Bergamo, Italy on 26 November 2019 at the age of 95.

Commissioner of Food and Drugs

The United States Commissioner of Food and Drugs is the head of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services. The commissioner is appointed by the President of the United States with confirmation of the Senate. The commissioner reports to the Secretary of Health and Human Services.

"Unnumbered, colored rows indicate acting commissioners."

Frank E. Young (physician)

Frank Edward Young (September 1, 1931 – November 24, 2019) was an American physician. He was Commissioner of Food and Drugs from 1984 to 1989 and later as a Deputy Assistant Secretary in the United States Department of Health and Human Services during the Ronald Reagan presidency. 

Young died of lymphoma on November 24, 2019, in Wilmington, North Carolina at age 88.

Mineola, New York

Mineola is a village in Nassau County, Long Island, New York, United States. The population was 20,800 at the 2020 census. The name Mineola is Algonquin for "pleasant village".

Wayne Shorter

Wayne Shorter (August 25, 1933 – March 2, 2023) was an American jazz saxophonist and composer.

In the 1960s, he joined Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, and from there he co-founded the jazz fusion band Weather Report. He has recorded over 20 albums as a bandleader.

Shorter has won 11 Grammy Awards. "The New York Times" called Shorter in 2008 as "probably jazz's greatest living small-group composer and a contender for greatest living improviser." 

In 2017, he was awarded the Polar Music Prize.
Shorter died in Los Angeles, California, on March 2, 2023, at the age of 89.

Thelma Schoonmaker

Thelma Colbert Schoonmaker (born January 3, 1940) is an Algerian-born American movie editor. She is known for working with director Martin Scorsese for over fifty years.

She started working with Scorsese on his first movie "Who's That Knocking at My Door" (1967), and edited all of Scorsese's movies since "Raging Bull" (1980). Schoonmaker has received seven Academy Award nominations for Best Film Editing, and has won three times—for "Raging Bull" (1980), "The Aviator" (2004), and "The Departed" (2006).

Ronnie Hawkins

Ronald Hawkins, OC, (January 10, 1935 – May 29, 2022) was an American-Canadian rock and roll singer-songwriter. He was born in Huntsville, Arkansas but his career was based in Toronto, Ontario. He was known as an important singer for the Canadian rock genre scene.

His hit songs included covers of Chuck Berry's "Thirty Days" (entitled "Forty Days" by Hawkins) and Young Jessie's "Mary Lou", a song about a "gold-digging woman". Other well-known recordings are "Who Do You Love?", "Hey Bo Diddley", and "Susie Q".

Hawkins died on May 29, 2022 from pancreatic cancer in Peterborough, Ontario at the age of 87.


Public health observatory

In the UK, a public health observatory (PHO) is a public health and 
wellness project. On 1 April 2013, the regional Public Health Observatories (PHOs) transferred along with the specialist observatories and the National Cancer Intelligence Network into Public Health England (PHE). 

PHO uses the word observatory, from astronomy, to show objectivity in measuring well-being.

Public health, environmental health, diet, recreation, outdoor education, exercise and other concerns are explored by most public health observatories.

The London Health Observatory pioneered methods in measuring social capital and how this affects healing and health in general.

There was a network of public health observatories, one in each of the nine regions in England. There are health observatories in Wales , Scotland and Ireland.

The Association of Public Health Observatories (APHO) represented the network of public health observatories across the UK and Ireland. It became part of Public Health England, along with all the English observatories except Lincolnshire on 1 April 2013. The Lincolnshire observatory continues with the support of the County Council.


Sophie Wilmès

Sophie Wilmès (; born 15 January 1975) is a Belgian politician. From October 2019 to October 2020, she was Prime Minister of Belgium. She was the first female head of government of Belgium and is of Jewish descent.

She left politics for personal reasons in July 2022.

Sentinel (sculpture)

Sentinel () is a 16m high sculpture by Tim Tolkien. It is on Spitfire Island, a roundabout at the intersection of the Chester Road and the A47 Fort Parkway at the entrance to the Castle Vale estate in Birmingham.

It is near Junction 5 of the M6 motorway and the Jaguar car factory. This used to be the Castle Bromwich aircraft factory. It shows three Spitfires peeling off up into the air in different directions. The half-scale Spitfires are made of aluminium, with curving steel supporting beams which act as vapour trails. It captures the dynamics of the Spitfire in flight and commemorates the nearby Castle Bromwich factory where most of Britain's wartime Spitfires were built.

The project began in 1997. The project has won awards. The project was part of the regeneration of the Castle Vale estate. It was funded by the National Lottery. Tolkien was appointed as artist in residence. He consulted local residents about an art feature. They liked the area's links to World War II aircraft. They would like a sculpture with Spitfires. The sculpture was opened on 14 November 2000. The sculptor is the great-nephew of J. R. R. Tolkien who was the author of "The Lord of the Rings," and who grew up in Birmingham.

The main commercial sponsors of the spitfire sculpture were from Jaguar, Rubery Owen Holdings and Cincinnati. Both Cincinnati and Rubery Owen Holdings made parts for the Spitfires. They were put together at the Castle Bromwich Spitfire and Avro Lancaster bomber factory. This is the factory where Jaguar cars are now made. 

The Castle Bromwich Aerodrome Factory was built in 1940 to produce planes for the war effort. About 12,000 Spitfires were made there from 1940 to 1945. Over 37,000 test flights were made from Castle Bromwich Aerodrome. The completed planes were towed across the road from the factory to the Aerodrome. The sculpture was unveiled by Alex Henshaw. He was the Chief Test Pilot for spitfires.

The aerodrome site is now the Castle Vale estate.


Patrick Pinney

Patrick Pinney (born June 30, 1952) is an American actor and voice actor.


Fitzhugh Mullan

Fitzhugh Mullan (July 22, 1942 – November 29, 2019) was an American physician, writer, educator, and social activist. He worked in the founding of the Student Health Organization, the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, Seed Global Health, and the Beyond Flexner Alliance. 

Mullan was a professor of Health Policy and Management and of Pediatrics at the George Washington University and the George Washington University Health Workforce Institute. He was an elected member of the National Academy of Medicine. He was born in New York City. 

Mullan died on November 29, 2019 in Bethesda, Maryland of lung cancer at the age of 77.

Lil Bub

Lil Bub, officially Lil BUB (June 21, 2011 – December 1, 2019), was an American celebrity cat. She was known for her unique physical appearance. Her owner, Mike Bridavsky, adopted her when his friends called to ask him to give her a home. Her photos were first posted to Tumblr in November 2011, before being taken off after being featured on the social news website Reddit. 

"Lil Bub" on Facebook has over three million likes. Lil Bub stars in "Lil Bub & Friendz", a documentary premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18, 2013, that won the Tribeca Online Festival Best Feature Film.

Lil Bub died of a bone infection on December 1, 2019 at the age of 8, which lead to a overwhelming degree of sorrow over her death on social media.

Kelly Loeffler

Kelly Lynn Loeffler (; born November 27, 1970) is an American businesswoman, political donor and politician. Loeffler was the United States Senator from Georgia from January 6, 2020 to January 20, 2021. Before becoming senator, she had no political experience. She is a member of the Republican Party. She lost her re-election bid on January 5, 2021 to Raphael Warnock.

She was the chief executive officer of Bakkt and the part-owner of the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association.

On November 27, 2019 Governor Brian Kemp's said that Loeffler was his top pick to replace Senator Johnny Isakson. Kemp formally picked Loeffler as his senate pick.

Loeffler is very wealthy and was one of the wealthiest members of the United States Senate. 

Kelly was born on November 27, 1970, in Bloomington, Illinois. She was raised on the family farm in Stanford, Illinois.

According to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics, Loeffler and her husband have donated 3.2 "million" dollars to political committees. While the majority of these donations have gone to the Republican Party, some donations have gone to Democrats, including Representative David Scott (GA–13), a Democrat, who received $10,200. Loeffler donated $750,000 to Restore Our Future, a Super PAC supporting former Governor Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign. The National Republican Senatorial Committee received $247,500 from Loeffler and her husband.

Loeffler first considered running for office in 2014. She briefly expressed interest in seeking the Republican nomination in the 2014 United States Senate election in Georgia but ultimately passed on the race because of Intercontinental Exchange's pending acquisition with the New York Stock Exchange.

In 2004, Loeffler, then 34, married businessman Jeffrey Spreecher. Spreecher is 15 years older than Loeffler. They have no children.

Aktobe

Aktobe (; ) is a city in Kazakhstan. In 2020, it had a population of 500,757 people. 

Ivan Drago

Ivan Drago (Russian: Иван Драго) is a fictional Soviet Russian boxer created and played by Dolph Lundgren. He first appeared in the 1985 movie Rocky IV opposite Sylvester Stallone as the main antagonist, and in the 2018 movie Creed II as a protagonist to his son Viktor.

North Sulawesi

North Sulawesi () is a province of Indonesia. It is on the northeastern peninsula of the island of Sulawesi. This is called the Minahasa Peninsula. The province is south of the Philippines and southeast of Sabah, Malaysia. The Maluku Sea is to the east, the Gorontalo and Celebes Sea is to the west, and the Gulf of Tomini is to the southwest. The province's area is 13851.64 sq.km, and its population was 2,270,596 at the 2010 census;

The province's capital, business center, and largest city is Manado. Other major towns are Tomohon and Bitung. There are many tall mountains from high. The province is a young volcanic region. There are many eruptions and active volcanic cones.
In the past, Portuguese, Spanish, Dutch and the Kingdoms around this area fought over the riches in North Sulawesi such as spices, rice and gold. The region was also the trading route between west and east and this helped the spread of Christianity, Islam, and other religions. The Portuguese first landed in the 16th century. The Spanish and the Dutch came and the Portuguese fought them. Finally, the Dutch got control in the 17th century. The Dutch ruled the area for three centuries until the Japanese came at the start of World War II. After the Japanese lost WWII in 1945, the Dutch controlled the area again for a short time. They left in 1949. , following the Round Table Conference, in which the Dutch recognized the newly created United States of Indonesia (RIS). So, North Sulawesi became part of the territory of the State of East Indonesia (NIT). The people did not like NIT, so it became part of the Republic of Indonesia in 1950. At first, the island of Sulawesi was one single province. Soon it separated into several different provinces. So, the province of North Sulawesi started on 14 August 1959.

The area around North Sulawesi used to be called Minahasa. The name is still used sometimes. The word Minahasa comes from the words Mina-Esa (Minaesa) or Maesa which means being one or uniting This name shows hope to unite the ethnic groups of the area including the: Tontemboan, Tombulu, Tonsea, Tolour (Tondano), Tonsawang, Ponosakan, Pasan, and Bantik. The word "Minahasa" was first used by J.D. Schierstein, the Dutch regent of Manado, in his report to the Governor of Maluku on 8 October 1789.

Archaeological research has revealed signs of human life in North Sulawesi since 30,000 years ago, based on evidence in the cave Liang Sarru on the island of Salibabu. Other evidence shows life about 6,000 years ago on the Passo Hillside Site in Kakas District and 4,000 years ago to early AD at the Liang Tuo Mane'e cave in Arangkaa on Karakelang Island.

At the end of the 16th century, Portuguese and Spanish arrived in North Sulawesi. The Portugal was the first western nation to arrive in North Sulawesi. A Portuguese ship landed at Manado The Sultanate of Maguindanao controlled the northern islands at that time. The Portuguese built the fort at Amurang.

The Spanish ship docked on the island of Talaud and Siau, on to Ternate. Spain built the Fort in Manado, since then Minahasa started in control of Spain. The resistance against the Spanish occupation culminated in 1660–1664.

The Dutch ship landed in Manado City in 1660 in assisting the struggle of the Minahasa Confederation against Spain. The United Nations republican association of members of the Minahasa Confederation entered into a Trade Agreement with the VOC. This trade cooperation agreement then made the VOC monopolize the trade, which gradually began to impose its will, eventually leading to the 1700s resistance in Ratahan which culminated in the Dutch Minahasa-War in 1809–1811 at Tondano.

The Spanish had already colonized the Philippine Islands. They made Minahasa a coffee plantation. Spain made Manado a center of coffee trade for Chinese merchants. Some Minahasan tribes helped Spain capture the Portuguese fort at Amurang in the 1550s. The Spanish colonists then built the fort in Manado. Finally, Spain controlled all Minahasa.

In the 16th century one of the first Indo-Eurasian communities in the archipelago was in Manado. The first king of Manado was Muntu Untu (1630). He was half Spanish ancestry. Spain later gave Minahasa to the Portuguese in exchange for 350,000 ducats in a treaty. The rulers of Minahasa sent Supit, Pa'at, and Lontoh to fight with the Dutch to force the Portuguese out of Minahasa. They succeeded in 1655. They built their own fortress in 1658 and forced out the last Portuguese a few years later.

By the beginning of the 17th century the Dutch had overthrown the sultanate of Ternate. They began to reduce the power of Spain and Portugal in the archipelago. In 1677 the Dutch conquered the Sangir archipelago. Two years later, Robert Padtbrugge, the governor of Maluku, visited Manado. He made an agreement with the Minahasan chiefs. This let the Dutch dominate for the next 300 years. However, direct rule by the Dutch only began in 1870. The Dutch helped unite the Minahasa confederation. In 1693 the Minahnians won a military victory against the Mongondow tribe in the south. Dutch influence increased and Christianity and European culture grew in Minahasa. The missionary schools in Manado in 1881 were one of the first attempts of mass education in Indonesia. Graduates of the schools could find work as civil servants, in the army, and in the Dutch East Indies government. Minahasa relations with the Dutch were often poor. There was a war between the Dutch and Tondano in 1807 and 1809. The Minahasa territory was not under Dutch direct rule until 1870. But eventually the Dutch and Minahasa became very close. So, Minahasa was often called the 12th Dutch province. Even in 1947, Manado formed the political movement of Twapro, short for Twaalfde Profincie (Twelfth Province) who wanted formal integration of Minahasa into the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

The Japanese occupied the area from 1942 to 1945. was a period of deprivation, and the allied forces bombed Manado greatly in 1945. During the period of independence thereafter, there was a split between pro-Indonesian and pro-Dutch Minahasa. The appointment of Sam Ratulangi as the first East Indonesia governor then succeeded in winning Minahasa support to the Republic of Indonesia. After Indonesian independence, Indonesia is divided into 8 Provinces, and Sulawesi is one of these provinces. Sulawesi's first governor was S.G.J.Ratulangi, also known as a national hero. In 1948 in Sulawesi was formed the State of East Indonesia, which later became one of the states within the United States of Indonesia. The State of East Indonesia was dissolved, and merged into the Republic of Indonesia. Based on Law Number 13 Year 1964, formed North Sulawesi Province. 14 August 1959 was designated as the anniversary of the province.

In March 1957, North and South Sulawesi military leaders demanded more freedom from Java. They wanted more active development, sharing tax money fairly, and help against Kahar Muzakar's rebellion in South Sulawesi. They wanted a central government led by both Sukarno and Hatta equally. At first the movement of the 'Permesta' (Charter of the Struggle of the Universe) was merely a movement of reform rather than a separatist movement.

Negotiations between the central government and Sulawesi military leaders prevented violence in South Sulawesi, but Minahasan leaders were not satisfied with the outcome of the agreement and the movement broke out. Fearful of southern dominance, Minahasan leaders declared their own North Sulawesi autonomous state in June 1957. At that time the central government had controlled South Sulawesi, but in the North there were no strong figures of the central government and there were rumors that the United States was armed with rebellion in Sumatra North, also has links with Minahasan leaders.

The possibility of foreign intervention prompted the central government to request military assistance from southern Sulawesi. The Permesta forces were later removed from Central Sulawesi, Gorontalo, Sangir, and Morotai in Maluku. Permesta planes (supplied by the US and flown by Philippine, Taiwanese, and American Pilots) were destroyed. The US then moved on, and in June 1958 the central government army landed in Minahasa. The Permesta uprising ended in mid-1961.

The Sumatra and Sulawesi rebellions failed. They even helped to create what they did not want as the center reacted to the threat of rebellion. The central government authority increased while regional autonomy became weaker. Radical nationalism became stronger. Communist party power and Sukarno's power increased while Hatta weakened. Sukarno finally established guided democracy in 1958.

Since the 1998 reforms, the Indonesian government has begun to adopt laws that enhance regional autonomy, the main idea that Permesta fights for.

The climate of North Sulawesi is tropical with muzon winds. The West winds bring rain to the north coast from November to April. It changes to a dry south wind from May to October. Annual rainfall is from 2000 to 3000 mm. There are about 90–140 rainy days. Temperatures average 25 degrees Celsius. The average maximum air temperature was recorded at 30 degrees Celsius and the minimum average air temperature was 22.1 degrees Celsius.

The province of North Sulawesi is in the northern peninsula of Sulawesi Island. It is one of three provinces in Indonesia in important places on the Pacific Rim. The other two provinces are North Sumatra and Aceh Special Region. North Sulawesi is near the equator at 0.30–4.30 North Latitude (Lu) and 121–127 East Longitude (BT). The peninsula stretches from east to west. The Sangihe and Talaud Islands are the parts of the province farthest north. These are North Sulawesi's boundaries:

Most of mainland North Sulawesi Province is mountains and hills with valleys in between. Some mountains in North Sulawesi are Mount Klabat (1,895 m) in North Minahasa, Mount Lokon (1,579 m), Mount Mahawu (1,331 m) in Tomohon, Mount Soputan (1,789 m) in Southeast Minahasa, Mount Dua Saudara (1,468 m) in Bitung, Mount Awu (1,784), Mount Space (1,245 m), Mount Karangketang (1,320 m), Mount Dalage (1,165 m), in Sangihe and Talaud, Mount Ambang (1,689 m), Mount Gambula (1954 m) and Mount Batu Balawan (1,970 m).

The two largest lakes are: Lake Tondano (area of 4,278 ha) in Minahasa and Lake Moat (area 617 ha) in East Bolaang Mongondow. The main rivers are Tondano River (40 km), Poigar River (54.2 km), Ranoyapo River (51.9 km), Talawaan River (34.8 km) in Minahasa. Dumoga River (87.2 km), Sangkub River (53.6 km), and Ongkaw River (42.1 km) are in Bolmong and Bolmut.

Along the coast of North Sulawesi, both on the mainland coast and on the coast of the islands, there are several headlands and bays. The soil in the area was fertile for agriculture.

Most of the plants and animals in North Sulawesi are like those in other parts of Indonesia. But, there are some animals in the province such as Deer, Maleo, Taong, Mini Tarsius Spectrum in Bitung City Nature Reserve And Coelacanth off the coast of Manado.

In the sea off North Sulawesi, there are several species of fish, coral, and plankton. Some marine fish are important sources of foreign exchange, including: tuna, skipjack, yellow tail, lobster, and others.

Much of North Sulawesi is forest. Forests start at sea level and may continue to mountain tops. Good quality timber, including ebony (wooden) iron wood, linggua, cempaka, wooden nantu, gopasa, and meranti. There are also plantation crops such as coconut, nutmeg, and cloves.

North Sulawesi counted 2,270,596 people in the 2010 Census. The population was 1.41% higher than ten years before. The largest ethnic groups are the Minahasan in the north of the province and the Mongondow to the south. The province's main city is Manado (population of 432,300 in 2019). In 2010, about 68% were Christian. Christians in North Sulawesi are mostly Protestant but there are also some Catholics. This is unusual in mostly Muslim Indonesia. Dutch missionaries were very successful during the colonial time. Also, because the Muslim-majority region of Gorontalo left North Sulawesi to become the new Gorontalo (province) in 2000. Muslim, Hindu, and Buddhist minorities also live in the province. Manado also has a significant Judaism community. Currently, the only synagogue in Indonesia is in Manado. There are an estimated 800 Jewish people in Manado.

Many groups of people live together in this province. The largest group of people are the Minahasa people. They mostly lived in Bitung City, Manado City, Tomohon City, Minahasa Regency, North Minahasa Regency, South Minahasa Regency and Southeast Minahasa Regency. Other ethnic groups are the Bolaang Mongondow, Sangihe, Talaud and Siau. Ethnicity in North Sulawesi is more heterogeneous then other parts of Indonesia. The Minahasan and Bolaang Mongondow are spread almost throughout the region of North Sulawesi mainland. The Sangihe, Talaud and Siau mostly inhabit the Sangihe Islands, Talaud Island, and Lembeh Island, especially in coastal areas north, east and west of mainland North Sulawesi. The Bajau people are seafaring nomads who has migrated from the Sulu Archipelago in the Philippines, due to the conflict in Mindanao. They live in coastal villages of North Sulawesi in the northern part of North Minahasa Regency.

In addition to the natives, North Sulawesi is also home to migrants. There are a significant Chinese population in North Sulawesi, especially around the city of Manado. The Chinese are also one of the first people to have contact with the local people before the European came. According to the discovery of Chinese ancient letters in the Tompaso area, Minahasa shows the cultural interaction between the Chinese and Minahasa have existed since the Han dynasty. Most of the Chinese people in North Sulawesi are Hakka, but some Hokkien and Cantonese people also live there.

Other ethnic groups such as the Javanese and the Sundanese also exist. They are mostly migrated from where they come from due to the Transmigration program enacted by the Dutch during the colonial era until the Suharto era. They generally live in urban areas, such as Manado and Tomohon.

North Sulawesi is a multilingual culture. Many languages are used and people usually speak at least two and often more languages. Indonesian is the official language of the province an other parts of Indonesia. Official documents from the provincial government and road signs are all written in Indonesian. However, most people in the province communicate everyday in Manado Malay. This language is like Indonesian but not the same. Minahasan people speak Minahasan languages. These are the five Minahasan languages in the area: Tonsawang, Tontemboan, Toulour, Tonsea and Tombulu. To the south, people speak Mongondow language and Gorontalo language. In the north islands near the Philippines, local people speak Visayan languages.

Other language in North Sulawesi are Javanese, Sundanese, and Balinese. People from other parts of Indonesia speak these languages. Hakka is also spoken by some Chinese people in Manadao. Hokkien and Cantonese are also spoken. English and Mandarin are often understood where there are many tourists, such as the Bunaken National Park. Older people may understand Dutch and Portuguese. People who lived in islands near the Philippines may understand Tagalog.

North Sulawesi has eleven regencies () and four independent cities (). They are listed below.

Thiệu Trị

Thiệu Trị ([tʰiəw˧˨ʔ t͡ɕi˧˨ʔ]; 16 June, 1807 – 4 October, 1847), personal name Nguyễn Phúc Miên Tông, was the third emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnamese History. His reign prolonged 7 years, from 1841 until his death in 1847.

Emperor Thiệu Trị was the eldest son of Emperor Minh Mạng; his mother was Empress Consort Tá Thiên Nhân (personal name Hồ Thị Hoa). He was born in Huế in 1807. Just 13 days after giving birth to Miên Tông, Empress Hồ Thị Hoa deceased, he was taken care by his grandmother, Empress Dowager Nhân Tuyên.

In 1830, Minh Mạng conferred "Duke of Trường Khánh" to Miên Tông. Thiệu Trị has many wifes and concubines, as well as children. The most famous wife of him was Empress Từ Dụ, mother of Tự Đức, the fourth emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty.

According to the recorded history, the eldest son of Thiệu Trị, Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Bảo, didn't like studying at all. So he left the throne to his second son, Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Nhậm (Emperor Tự Đức).

Typhoon Kammuri

Typhoon Kammuri (; Rōmaji: "kanmuri"), known in the Philippines as Typhoon Tisoy, was a powerful tropical cyclone. It made landfall in the Bicol Region of the Philippines. Kammuri developed into a low pressure system on November 23, 2019. By November 25, it was a tropical depression and it started to develop rainbands. As it developed into a Category 1-equivalent storm, Kammuri started heading towards the Philippines. Before landfall, Kammuri underwent rapid intensification and became a Category 4-equivalent. It made landfall on the Philippines near midnight on December 2, 2019.

Võ Thị Viên

Võ Thị Viên (or Viện) (? – ?), was a royal concubine of Emperor Thiệu Trị of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnamese History.

Võ Thị Viên was born in Huế, was the daughter of Deputy's Bodyguard Võ Hữu Linh. Not known about her birth's year as well as her death's year. She served as a concubine for Thiệu Trị when he hadn't yet been crowned. Although her inferior position, She still received the special love from the Emperor Thiệu Trị much more than the other primary wifes of him. It can be seen that his fondness for this concubine was not because of his family background.

In 1841, Thiệu Trị crowned, lady Viên was granted the title "Cung tần" ("Imperial maid"). In 1843, she again was granted Tam giai Lương tần ("Third-rank of Royal Concubine Lương tần"), and in 1846, she was elevated to Nhất giai Lương phi ("First-rank of Royal Concubine Lương phi").

Lương phi Võ Thị Viên, along with Đoan tần Trương Thị Thận (another concubine of Thiệu Trị), were two women that born most children for Thiệu Trị. She gave birth to 6 children:


It's unclear where Lương phi Võ Thị Viên was buried.

Robert K. Massie

Robert Kinloch Massie III (January 5, 1929 – December 2, 2019) was an American historian and biographer. His career focused on the history of the House of Romanov, Russia's imperial family from 1613 to 1917. He was born in Versailles, Kentucky. He won the 1981 Pulitzer Prize for Biography for "". From 1987 to 1991, Massie was President of the Authors Guild, and he served as an "ex officio" council member.

Massie died of Alzheimer's disease-related problems on December 2, 2019 in Irvington, New York at the age of 90.

Fumihito, Prince Akishino

Fumihito was born in Imperial Household Hospital in Tokyo, He is the younger brother of Emperor Naruhito and the younger son of Emperor Emeritus Akihito and Empress Emerita Michiko. 

He is the heir presumptive to the Chrysanthemum Throne. He has had the title and has headed his own branch of the imperial family.

Titles and Styles 

30 November 1965-28 June 1990: His Imperial Highness Prince Aya 

29 June 1990-30 April 2019: His Imperial Highness Prince Akishino 

1 May 2019-present His Imperial Highness The Crown Prince Akishino 

National Honors 

Japan 

-Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum 

Foreign Honors 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Netherlands: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Peru: Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun 

-Spain: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic 

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Polar Star 

-Paraguay: Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit 

Dieter Hertrampf

Dieter "Quaster" Hertrampf (born 29 November 1944 in Berlin) is a German guitarist and singer. He is a founding member of the rock band Puhdys.

Together with his parents and brother, Hertrampf grew up in Berlin-Friedrichshain. He still lives in Berlin. Hertrampf first learned guitar playing in 1959 by self-teaching himself. In 1960, he began training as a traffic draftsman and was also a member of a skiffle band. In 1961, he became a member of the "Homedia Combo", before leaving the band after almost two years. He then played for a year with the band "Dieter-Frank-Combo". In 1965, he was one of the founding members of the "Puhdys" with Peter Meyer, Udo Jacob and Harry Jeske. The "d" in the band name stands for "Dieter". He got his nickname "Quaster" from the other members of the band when he had trouble loading the The Shadows song "Quartermaster's Store". Hertrampf began studying music at the Musikschule Friedrichshain and in 1968 joined the bands Gruppen Teisco-Quartett, Die Collins and the Uve Schikora Combo. After graduating from music school in 1969, he returned to the Puhdys, where he was lead guitarist and one of the singers until it ended in 2016. He sang the popular song by the Puhdys called "Alt wie ein Baum", which was released in 1977.

In 1987, "Liebe Pur," his first solo album, was released on the record label Amiga. After the Puhdys originally ended in 1989, he founded a lighting company and was co-owner of a nightclub. From 1992 he played again wirh the Puhdys. After the Puhdys ended, Dieter Hertrampf became dedicated to his solo projects "Ich bereue nichts", "Quaster & Friends" and "Quaster unplugged", with which he has traveled since 2016. He participates as a guest in various projects, such as "Bonfire and Friends" and "Ostrock meets Classic". Dieter Hertrampf is married to Liane Hertrampf. Together they have a daughter. Hertrampf's son Sven is a member of the drum band "Stamping Feet". His son who is related to him via adoption, Carsten Mohren, was a musician with Rockhaus.





Hans Gruber

Hans Gruber is a fictional character and the main villain of the 1988 action movie "Die Hard" played by Alan Rickman. Gruber is a smart thief and crime boss from East Germany who holds the Nakatomi Plaza hostage to steal $640 million in bonds. 

Gruber has gone on to become one of the most iconic villains in movie history, as well as often being ranked as the greatest action movie villain of all time and one of Rickman's most iconic roles.

In the near end of "Die Hard", John McClane shoots Gruber and he falls from the window. As Gruber hangs from the edge of the window he tried to shoot McClane but falls thirty stories to his death.

Goar Vartanian

Goar Levonovna Vartanian ( ; 25 January 1926 – 25 November 2019) was an Armenian woman who spied for the Soviet Union together with her husband Gevork Vartanian. 

She became a member of an anti-fascist group in 1942. They uncovered and prevented Operation Long Jump, an attempt by the Nazis to murder Joseph Stalin, Winston Churchill, and Franklin Roosevelt at the Tehran Conference in 1943.

Vartanian died on 25 November 2019 at the age of 93.

John, Paul, George, Ringo ... and Bert

John, Paul, George, Ringo … and Bert is a 1974 musical by Willy Russell based on the story of the Beatles.

The first show was at the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool in May 1974. It ran for eight weeks. In August 1974 it moved to the Lyric Theatre in London. It ran for a year. It was named "Best Musical of 1974" by the Evening Standard Theatre Awards and London Critics' awards. It featured the music of the Beatles performed by Barbara Dickson.

It also ran in Ireland in 1977 and in the United States in 1985.



An Original Cast Recording album was released from RSO Records.



Produced by Ian Samwell

George Harrison stated that he saw the play with Derek Taylor. He disliked it. He walked out while of the London premiere and withdrew his permission to use his song "Here Comes the Sun". It was replaced with "Good Day Sunshine".

After part of the play was shown on BBC television, Paul McCartney criticised it for being biased against him and in favour of Lennon. He objected to the suggestion that it was McCartney and not Lennon who was responsible for the break-up of the Beatles. McCartney blocked a proposed film version of the musical.


Lyudmila Verbitskaya

Lyudmila Verbitskaya (née, Людмила Алексеевна Бубнова; October 17, 1936 – November 24, 2019) was a Russian linguist and teacher. She was president of Saint Petersburg State University. She was born in Leningrad.

Verbitskaya was rector (1994-2008), and then president (2008-2019) of Saint Petersburg State University. She also was the chair of the Russian Academy of Education from 2013 through 2018. 

Verbitskaya died in St. Petersburg on November 24, 2019 at the age of 83.

Jorge Vergara

Jorge Carlos Vergara Madrigal () (3 March 1955 – 15 November 2019) was a Mexican businessman and movie producer. He was born in Guadalajara. He was the founder of the company Grupo Omnilife. He owned the football club C.D. Guadalajara. Vergara was also owner of Costa Rican football team Saprissa.

Vergara produced movies such as "The Assassination of Richard Nixon" and the Oscar-nominated "Y Tu Mamá También" through the production company, Producciones Anhelo.

Vergara died on 15 November 2019 in New York City of a heart attack at the age of 64.

Sisterhood (2008 movie)

Sisterhood is a comedy feature film shot in London and Governors Bay, Christchurch, New Zealand. It was first shown in London's West End on 23 October 2008. It was shown in the first the Feel Good Film Festival in Los Angeles between 22–24 August 2008.

The word "film" is an alternative word for the american term "movie".

It starred Al Hunter Ashton in his last film role.


Jaani Dushman: Ek Anokhi Kahani

Jaani Dushman : Ek Anokhi Kahani is a 2002 Bolywoood film, starring Sunny Deol, Suniel Shetty and Akshay Kumar in lead roles.

Divya (Manisha Koirala) and Karan (Sunny Deol) are in love, and planning to marry. While Karan has got job, Divya is still in her college's last year, with Karan's younger step brother Vivek (Sonu Nigam). They live in the hostel with Atul (Akshay Kumar), Abdul (Arshad Warsi), Ashok (Aditya Pancholi), Prem (Aftab Shivdasani), Vijay (Suniel Shetty), Viktor (Sharad Kapoor), Niki (Upasana Singh), Nita (Rambha), Preeti (Pinky Campbell) and Rashmi (Kiran Rathod). Abdul had an habit of cracking lame jokes.

Rajesh (Rajat Bedi) and Madan (Siddharth Ray) once try to rape Divya, but Karan came at the right moment by smashing door to save Divya. In front of whole college both of them are humiliated and they decided to avenge their humiliation.

Divya started listening to a call from a man named Kapil (Armaan Kohli), who is a blessed serpant, and tells Divya to be her lover in earlier birth. Divya started getting dreams of the past, when sage (Amrish Puri) cursed them that they would be separated and will meet in 21st century, because they disturbed him in his meditation. She also comes to know that her name in previous birth was Vasundara. Vasundara died after that curse, and reborns as Divya in her new birth. She believes Kapil, but left him to attend a call from Atul. Atul told her to come to a party. When Atul's friends were planning, Divya then calls at Atul's house to say that she is not coming. However, Rajesh imitates the voice of all male members of the group and tricked her to come to an abandoned fort at wrong time. Rajesh and Madan then brutally rape her, for which she had to suicide. As she was dying, she told Kapil to take her revenge from all male members of the group, since she had a misunderstanding.

Madan is killed the same day by Kapil by poisoning by his bite, while Rajesh is killed later on his wedding night by Divya's ghost.

Viktor, when going to Atul's party, is chased by Kapil and he kills Viktor by riding motorcycle on his neck. Kapil takes Viktor's disguise, go to the party and electrocutes lame joker Abdul to death. All of them became tensed and their Principle (Raj Babbar), who was a spiritologist, believed their innocence, and called Divya's spirit to talk with them, and dismiss the misunderstanding. However, Atul in between in anger shoted bullets at Divya and her spirit began to disappear. Suddenly, all realised what had happened that day. Principle gave them lockets, which when on their body, save them from Divya and Kapil. Atul initially did not believed, but when the locket saved him from accident, he started believing in gods.

Atul started chasing Kapil in motorcycle, however his locket gets off from his body in between. He then got fatal blows from Kapil on his head. He shoted bullets at Kapil, but they had no effect on him. As he was about to lie on ground due to fatal injuries, Atul exploded a bomb on Kapil, and felled on the ground fainted, but he did not die. However, he goes into coma. The exploded body parts of Kapil came together and joined to again form Kapil.

Ashok and Prem both had crush on Rashmi. But Rashmi loved Prem, however Ashok was far mire powerful and rich than Prem. So, Prem used to get hit from Ashok various times to stay away from Rashmi. Divya's ghost went inside Prem and hypnotized his mind, which prompted him to hit Ashok and eventually kill him. Prem got arrested on charge of murder. Rashmi tried to free Prem by engaging a lawyer, but on the day of hearing, Kapil kidnaps Rashmi, takes Rashmi's disguise and goes to the court instead. He says all opposite things and Prem is convicted of murder by the court and is hanged.

Vijay is afraid to fight a boxing match against Ajay (his opponent) as he is sure that Kapil will take Ajay's disguise and kill him. But he had to fight to win Preeti, and prove his love for her. However, he wins the match because Divya had stopped Kapil from killing Vijay since she wanted to kill Vijay herself, because he was, according to her, the biggest traitor. The Principle traps Divya's ghost in a box to save Vijay, but she gets out mysteriously, goes into Vijay's body, and kills him by throwing him from a building.

Vivek, afraid he's next, calls his elder brother Karan to save him, but Kapil stabs him in disguise of Karan, but police arrives at the right time and real Karan is arrested by police. Kapil did this because he did not wanted to hit Karan, since he was innocent.

Suddenly, Atul gets conscious, but before Nita could bring doctor, he had run off on motorcycle with Vivek and was chasing Kapil. Again, locket gets off and Atul gets brutally stabbed by Kapil on his stomach. He then gets another fatal blows from Kapil. As he was about to die, he runs to the Principle, requesting him to save Vivek at any cost. Principle promises him. Saying this, Atul dies in Principle's hands.

Karan, with his full power, breaks the jail bars and runs from the police station to reach the place where Vivek and Kapil were fighting. He challenges Kapil and a fierce fight between the two began. However, Karan gets defeated and almost killed. Principle chants some chants, which gave Karan supernatural powers, and with his powers he finally kills Kapil. Therefore, Vivek becomes the only survivor in the killer's group and he lives happy life with Karan ever after.

Divya and Kapil reunite in heaven.


Jubaland

Jubaland is the southern-most state in Somalia. It lies between Koofur Orsi and the Somali Sea. Before 1925, Jubaland was called "British Jubaland". At that time, British Jubaland was controlled by the British empire. Afterwards it was given away to Italy for 15 years. In the 21st century Jubaland was again created. The men who created Jubaland were Barre Adan Hiraale, Cabdicasiis Aganje Garamgaram, Abdulahi Faratag, Mohamed Gandhi and Maxamed Boodhe. A person from Jubaland is called a Jubalander. Some Jubalander politicians was to secede (separate) from Somalia. Puntland and Jubaland have been described as Darod states. The 21st century federal states are modeled after the colonial era regions. For example Jubaland after Trans-juba, Koofur-orsi after Geledi, Hirshabelle after Benadir Company, Galmudug after Hobyo state, Puntland after Majeerteenia, and Khatumo or Maakhir, i.e. SSC State after Darawiish.


Instruction cycle

The instruction cycle, also known as the fetch-decode-execute cycle, is what a CPU does all the time.

Feel Good Film Festival

The Feel Good Film Festival (FGFF), also known as the Sunflower Film Festival, was held annually in Hollywood, California from 2008 to 2012. The Festival was the largest of its kind. It showed American, international, independent, and family-friendly films from all around the world. It showed films that leave the audience feeling good. The FGFF was a three-day annual event. It was held in August. Some films were short films, screenplays, or student films.

The word "film" is another word for the American word "movie".

Kristen Flores, FGFF Founder and Festival Director, started the Feel Good Film Festival in Hollywood August 22–24, 2008. Flores was quoted as saying "It isn't necessarily difficult to find feel-good films to screen. They've been looking for an outlet,". The mission of the festival is "a film viewing experience for the entire family that encourages the development, production, and distribution of short or feature length films with positive themes, happy endings, that make audiences laugh, and that capture the beauty of our world". The traditional "red carpet" was replaced with a sunburst yellow carpet in keeping with the "Feel Good" theme of sunflowers.

The Festival had signature "yellow" carpet entrances and international screenings. The FGFF has given awards with $100,000 of prizes. The prizes come from sponsors. These have included Panavision, Hollywood Rentals, Final Draft, Showbiz Software, New York Film Academy, Film Independent, InkTip.com, Tuff Cut Sound and MEHRNOOSH. The awards go to the Feel Good Film Festival's Best Feel Good Feature Film, Best Feel Good Short Film, and Best Feel Good Student Film. There are also Audience Awards for Best Feel Good Feature Film and Best Feel Good Short Film and awards for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Ensemble and Best Director".

The FGFF has honored many celebrities, including funnyman Jonathan Winters ("Certifiably Jonathan"), Judd Apatow ("American Storage"), Oscar-winning musical star Shirley Jones ("Elmer Gantry", "Oklahoma!", Cheryl Hines ("Curb Your Enthusiasm"), Joe Ballarini ("Father vs. Son"), Hal Sparks ("Queer as Folk"), Rainn Wilson ("The Office"), Carlos Mencia (Comedy Central). Other stars include James Darren, Sally Field, Jorja Fox, Gregory Harrison, Cliff Robertson ("Accidental Icon: The Real Gidget Story"), Greta Gerwig, Iggy Pop ("Art House"), Daniel Baldwin, Orson Bean, Willie Garson, Clint Howard, Craig Sheffer ("Ashley's Ashes"), Margot Farley], Mitzi Kapture, John Saxon, Tim Thomerson ("God's Ears"), Anne Hathaway, Leeza Gibbons ("10 Mountains 10 Years"), Beth Grant ("Herpes Boy"), James Hong, Jenna Jameson, Ken Jeong, Josh Meyers, Krysten Ritter, Ian Somerhalder ("How to Make Love to a Woman"), Tim Allen, Louis C.K., Tommy Davidson, Dana Gould, Kathy Griffin, Sarah Silverman ("I Am Comic") and Elaine Hendrix ("The Cloggers"). Also Valente Rodriguez ("Happily Divorced" and Rizwan Manji ("Outsourced").

The Feel Good Film Festival has been recognized as a "most favorite Los Angeles Film Festival". Writer, director, and actor Michael Worth ("God's Ears"; "Jabberwock"; "CSI NY"; "Desperate Housewives") praised the FGFF as "it makes filmmakers dig deeper for more substance over style". Chris Getman created the Festival's website. It was deleted in 2012. Founding FGFF Board members included Kristen Flores, Alan Noel Vega, Natalie Chaidez, Chandler Poling, Sarah "Quigs" Quigley, and America Young; 2011–2012 FGFF Board members included Kristen Flores, Alan Noel Vega, Natalie Chaidez, Dominic Flores, John Wildman, Jenna Charles, Mr. Lawrence, Kelly Koskella, and Richard Kraft.







Urdish

Urdish (or Urglish), a portmanteau of Urdu and English, is the macaronic hybrid use of English and Urdu in Pakistan, involving code-switching between these languages where they are freely interchanged within a sentence or between sentences. The term "Urdlish" is first recorded in 1989. Other less common colloquial portmanteau words for Urdish include (chronologically): "Urglish" (recorded from 1995), "Urdlish" (1997) and "Urduish" (1998).

Many bilingual or multi-lingual Urdu speakers, being familiar with both Urdu and English, display code-switching in certain localities and between certain social groups.

On 14 August 2015, the Government of Pakistan launched the "Ilm" Pakistan movement, with a uniform curriculum in Urdish. Ahsan Iqbal, Federal Minister of Pakistan, said, "Now the government is working on a new curriculum to provide a new medium to the students which will be the combination of both Urdu and English and will name it Urdish."

Today

Today (archaically to-day) may refer to:

Today's date varies by local time zone and by the calendar used.

Today's date in some different calendars:











Nigel Planer

Nigel George Planer (born 22 February 1943) is an English actor, comedian, novelist and playwright. 

He played Neil in the cult BBC comedy "The Young Ones" and Ralph Filthy in "Filthy Rich & Catflap". He has been in many West End musicals.

He won a BRIT award in 1977 and has been nominated for Olivier, TMA, What's On Stage, and BAFTA awards.

Planer was born in Westminster, London. He studied at the University of Sussex. He left to become an actor.

He is a founding member of the London Comedy Store. He is an original member of The Comic Strip. They were pioneers of the alternative comedy movement in the United Kingdom. Planer worked with Peter Richardson. They were a double act called "The Outer Limits". Planer and Richardson also wrote the "That's Life!" parody on "Not the Nine O'Clock News". 

He went on to star in film, theatre and television. He created the spoof actor character "Nicholas Craig", with help from Christopher Douglas. The Craig character appears in book, radio, TV and articles as well as live. The character appeared at the Royal Festival Hall, London, in Stewart Lee's "At Last the 1984 show".

Planer is also the author of several books, plays, radio plays, and TV scripts as well as a small volume of poetry. In June 2011, he was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Arts degree from Edinburgh Napier University.

Planer is best known for his role as Neil, the hippie housemate in the cult BBC comedy "The Young Ones". The series ran from 1982 to 1984. He has starred in "The Comic Strip Presents...", a series of short films broadcast from 1975 onwards, as various odd outsiders.

In 1995, Planer played Professor Dumbledore in a Harry Potter parody, "Harry Potter and the Secret Chamber Pot of Azerbaijan". He appeared on a BBC 4 programme in the guise of "Nicholas Craig" in 1999, in which he was interviewed by Mark Lawson.

Planer guest-starred in "The Pale Horse", a 2010 episode of "Agatha Christie's Marple". In 2011's "The Hunt for Tony Blair", he played Peter Mandelson.

In 1998-2001, He Was Narrator in UK Dub of First Base and His Friends and William and Millie, Meanwhile Alan Marriott, He Was Narrator in US Dub of First Base and His Friends and Animal Stories While Alec Baldwin Narrator William and Millie and Thomas and Friends - Series 5-6.

Planer's guest appearances include programmes such as "The Bill", "French and Saunders", "Jonathan Creek", "Blackadder III", "The Last Detective", the "Paul Merton Show", the "Lenny Henry Show", "Death in Paradise (TV series)" and Gary Wilmot's "Songs from the Shows". He also guest-starred in an episode of "This is Jinsy" entitled "Nameworm", and in the BBC series "Boomers". Planer played Matt LeBlanc's lawyer in the TV series "Episodes".

Leading roles on television include "Shine on Harvey Moon", "Filthy, Rich and Catflap", "The Grimleys", "King and Castle", "Bonjour La Classe" and "Roll Over Beethoven". He also starred in Michael Palin's "Number 27", Simon Gray's "Two Lumps of Ice", Emma Tennant's "Frankenstein's Baby", and "Blackeyes" by Dennis Potter.

His first break in the theatre was understudying David Essex as Che Guevara in the original West End run of "Evita".

Planer played Amos Hart in the original London cast of "Chicago". 

He played Pop in the original West End cast of Ben Elton's Queen musical "We Will Rock You".

In 1990, he replaced Michael Gambon in Alan Ayckbourn's "Man of the Moment" in the West End. Leading roles followed in other productions at the Bush Theatre, the Lyric Theatre, the Traverse, the Young Vic, the West Yorkshire Playhouse, Regent's Park Open-Air Theatre, Chichester Festival Theatre, Plymouth Drum and the Hampstead Theatre.

In 2006, he was the narrator in "The Rocky Horror Show", taking on the role in Manchester and Bromley. He then starred as The Wizard in the original West End production of "Wicked" alongside Idina Menzel. The show opened at the Apollo Victoria Theatre on 27 September 2006. Planer ended his run on 7 June 2008 and was replaced by Desmond Barrit.

In 2009, he took over the role of Wilbur in the West End production of "Hairspray".

