In 2010, Planer returned to the role of the narrator in the UK Tour of "The Rocky Horror Show", playing in Cambridge and Northampton. He reprised the role of Wilbur in Manchester and Leeds. He was in "Doctor Who: Live" touring the UK, as Vorgenson The Inter-Galactic Showman. He then played Captain Hook in Pantomime at the Lyceum Theatre in Sheffield.

In 2013, Planer starred as Grandpa Joe in the original production of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" in London's West End.

From September 2018 to November 2018, Planer toured with Ade Edmondson in a play that they wrote together called Vulcan 7.

Planer has appeared in films, including "Flood", "Virgin Territory", "Bright Young Things", "Hogfather", "The Colour of Magic", "The Wind in the Willows", "The Land Girls", "Clockwork Mice", "Carry on Columbus", "Brazil", "The Supergrass", "I Give It a Year", "The Apple Picker" and "Yellowbeard".

Planer played Den Dennis, one of the four members of the 1980s spoof rock band, "Bad News". They made two albums which were produced by Brian May. They also performed at the Hammersmith Apollo as well as the Donington and Reading Rock Festivals.

In 1984, as Neil from "The Young Ones", Planer had a number two hit single called "Hole in My Shoe". This had originally been a hit for 1960s band Traffic). A cover of Tomorrow's "My White Bicycle" was a less successful follow up, only reaching No.97 in the charts. After that, an album was produced, entitled "Neil's Heavy Concept Album". Planer also toured Neil's stage act in the "Bad Karma in The UK" tour. This culminated in a month-long run at St. Mary's Hall at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. 

In 1986, "The Young Ones" appeared on Cliff Richard's charity rerecording of "Living Doll". This spent three weeks at number one in the UK. Planer has a silver and a gold disc and has a Brit award from his musical career.

In 2015 he started a new music project called Rainsmoke with Chris Wade, of Dodson and Fogg, and Roger Planer.

In 2017 he recorded two songs for the album "Wit & Whimsy - Songs by Alexander S. Bermange". One he performed solo and one featured all of the album's 23 artists. It reached No. 1 in the iTunes comedy album chart.

Planer is the main reader for the audiobook editions of many of Terry Pratchett's "Discworld" novels. He also appeared in the television adaptations of both "Terry Pratchett's Hogfather" and "The Colour of Magic", and performed as a voice artist in the games "Discworld 2" and "Discworld Noir". 


Planer was the narrator of "Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids", the title character of "Romuald the Reindeer", and Dr. Marmalade in an episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" (alongside Young Ones co-stars Christopher Ryan and Rik Mayall).

Planer has also been the narrator of many of BBC Four's "Britannia" series of documentaries, including "Prog Rock Britannia", "Blues Britannia" and "Heavy Metal Britannia". 

Planer voiced Frodo in "The Adventures of Tom Bombadil" from the 1992 radio series "Tales from the Perilous Realm". He was a narrator in a direct-to-video version of Val Biro's "Gumdrop" book series in 1994. He also narrated two short surreal monologues on the album "In A Strange Slumber", by Dodson and Fogg, Chris Wade's progressive folk rock project. 

Planer narrated as a thirty-something Adrian Mole in the radio adaptation of "Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years".

In 2018, he voiced the character of Henry Davenant Hythe in the Big Finish Productions original production, Jeremiah Bourne in Time, which he also wrote.

His television comedy and satire work includes:

He has published several books including the novels "The Right Man" (2000) () and "Faking It" (2003) (). Planer also wrote "A Good Enough Dad" (1992) () after his first son was born, talking about coping with becoming a father.



Virtue, Liberty and Independence

Virtue, Liberty, and Independence is the state motto of Pennsylvania. The motto of Pennsylvania was officially adopted in the year 1875. The meaning of the Pennsylvania State Motto reflects the attitude and hope of the people of New York following the outbreak of the War Of Independence in 1775-1783.

Walton County, Georgia

Walton County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 96,673 people lived there. The county seat is Monroe. It is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Samuel Ikome Sako

Samuel Ikome Sako is the current president of Ambazonia.

Flag of Ambazonia

The flag of Ambazonia is the national flag of Ambazonia.

Ballon d'Or

The Ballon d'Or is a special award given to a football player every single year. It has been given since 1956 by a French news magazine called "France Football". From 2010 to 2015, it was combined with another award called FIFA World Player of the Year, and together they were known as the FIFA Ballon d'Or. However, in 2016, they separated again, and the award returned to its original name, the Ballon d'Or. FIFA also started giving its own separate award called The Best FIFA Men's Player. 

The Ballon d'Or was created by sports writers Gabriel Hanot and Jacques Ferran. It is given to the male player who is considered to have performed the best in the previous season. Football journalists used to do the voting for this award from 1956 to 2006. At first, it was only given to players from Europe and was called the European Footballer of the Year award. But in 1995, it was expanded to include players from any part of the world who have played for European clubs. After 2007, coaches and captains of national teams were also allowed to vote. This made the award a global prize, and any professional football player from around the world became eligible to win it. In 2022, France Football changed some rules for the Ballon d'Or. They decided to give the award not for achievements in a calendar year but for a football season. They also made it so that only countries in the top 100 of the FIFA World Ranking could vote for the award. There is a different vote each year. It is for individual players to get recognised. Despite its popularity, critics have described the award as a "popularity contest", criticising its voting process and for systematically singling out an individual in a team sport.

User experience

User experience is a term that is used for all impressions and feelings a user has when interacting with a product or service. It is often used in the context of graphical user interfaces, and the questions relating to their design. 

According to Nielsen Norman Group, 'user experience' includes all the aspects of the interaction between the user with the company, its services, and its products. 

User experience commonly has different aspects:
The following elements are analyzed in the user experience analysis:


Jimmy Nail

James Michael Aloysius Bradford (born 16 March 1954), known as Jimmy Nail, is an English singer-songwriter, actor, film producer, and television writer. He is known for his role as Leonard "Oz" Osborne in the hit television show "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", his title role in "Spender", and his 1992 number one single, "Ain't No Doubt".

James Michael Aloysius Bradford was born in Newcastle upon Tyne. His father is called Jimmy and his mother is Laura. His father was a shipyard worker, an amateur boxer, and professional footballer. His sister, Shelagh, died aged 20 when he was 13. He later spent time drinking and fighting. He was involved in a fight after a football match and was sent to prison. After being released he worked in a glass factory. While opening a crate of glass he stood on a six-inch spike that went through his foot. After this he was called "Nail". He later used "Nail' as his professional surname. At that time he played guitar in a rock band called the King Crabs. His sister, Val McLane, was a successful actress and later became Head of Drama at Sunderland University.

Nail's partner, Miriam, encouraged him to audition for a television show even though he had no experience as an actor. He won the role of Leonard Jeffrey "Oz" Osborne in "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", an ITV comedy drama about construction workers working abroad in Germany. The show made him famous.

After the first two series of "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", Nail created the detective series "Spender". He co-wrote it with Ian La Frenais. The show ran for three series from 1990 to 1993. 

In 1994, Nail created, wrote and starred as songwriter Jed Shepherd in the TV series "Crocodile Shoes".

In 2000 he began work on reviving the "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet" series, this time for the BBC. It was filmed in Middlesbrough and Arizona in 2001. It was shown on TV in 2002 and had 13 million viewers. Another series saw the brickies in Cuba. The final two-hour instalment was set in Laos. It was shown on Christmas 2004 snd had seven million viewers. 

In 2008, Nail created and starred as Phil Parker in "Parents of the Band". The series was shown on BBC1. It revolves around a group of teenagers who form a band just for their own fun, but their parents expect them to be the next Led Zeppelin. Ratings were disappointing, around three million, and there was no second series.

Nail had pop hits with 

His 1992 album "Growing Up in Public" featured Gary Moore, David Gilmour, Elliot Randall and George Harrison. 

His 1994 album "Crocodile Shoes" was based on the BBC television series of the same name. The album sold more than one million copies in the UK. 

His 2001 album "Big River" featured guitarist Mark Knopfler. It included cover versions of "Walking on the Moon" by the Police, "Something" by the Beatles, and "Overjoyed" by Stevie Wonder. 

Nail sang on the film soundtracks for "Evita" and "Still Crazy".

With Tim Healy, Nail created the Sammy Johnson Memorial Fund, in memory of their friend and colleague, established to help young talent in North East England. To aid this, he participated in the "Sunday for Sammy" benefit concerts, until workload forced him to resign from the board. In 2020 it will be the concerts’ 20th anniversary.

In 2005, Nail played gamekeeper "Rabbetts" in "Danny, the Champion of the World", based on the novel of the same name by Roald Dahl.

In 2014, Nail came out of retirement to act and sing in "The Last Ship", a musical by Sting about the shipbuilders of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, the hometown of both Nail and Sting. Sting grew up in Wallsend, down the street from the shipyards. Nail worked in the shipyards and is the son of a shipyard foreman. The show opened in Chicago. On Broadway, when ticket sales began to drop, Sting replaced Nail to try to save the musical, but it ended after a short run. Nail sang on the Original Broadway Cast Recording and on Sting's album, "The Last Ship".

In 2016, Nail played Parson Nathaniel in "War of the Worlds" alongside David Essex at the Dominion Theatre, London.

In 2018, Nail had been due to reprise his role in The Last Ship in the UK. The show's producer Karl Sydow stated: "After protracted negotiations carried out in good faith, we regret to announce the production's offer of employment to Jimmy Nail has been withdrawn. Joe McGann replaced him. Nail said "I was very much looking forward to appearing in Sting's The Last Ship, particularly here in my home city, Sadly that's not to be."

In 2004, Nail successfully sued News Group Newspapers and Harper Collins Publishers. The lawsuit concerned false and defamatory allegations made two years before in an article in the "News of the World" and "Nailed", a biography which was the newspaper's source for the claims. He described reading the article as one of the worst experiences of his life. He received damages of £30,000.

Nail has received five BAFTA nominations. Three for "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet', one for "Spender", and one for "Crocodile Shoes". He has received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song – "Still Crazy". He has had an Ivor Novello nomination for "Ain't No Doubt".

Nail married Miriam Jones. They have two boys, Tommy and Freddie, and live in London.





Jimmy Nail discography

This is a discography of works by Jimmy Nail. Since 1985, the British musician has released seven studio albums, twenty three singles and other works. This article also covers his work with the musician Mark Knopfler.

The Iron Giant

The Iron Giant is an 1999 science fiction action fantasy mecha animated film produced by Warner Bros..


On July 2017, Warner Animation Group announced that development for the sequel to the film titled "The Iron Giant Christmas Carol". Charles Dickens will based on "A Christmas Carol" novel. Following that month, Diesel and Aniston will reprise the roles of The Iron Giant and Annie Hughes.


E. E. Evans-Pritchard

Sir Edward Evan Evans-Pritchard, Kt FBA FRAI (21 September 1902 – 11 September 1973) was a British social anthropologist and ethnographer who is known for studying East African cultures and his early practice of cultural relativism.

Edward Evan Evans-Pritchard was born on September 21st, 1902 in Surrey, England. He was the son of a Reverend. He went to Winchester College in Hampshire, England. After, he went to Exeter College in Oxford for a master’s degree in Modern History. In 1927, he got his PhD from the London School of Economics. Evans-Pritchard married Ioma Nicholls in 1939 and the two of them had three sons and two daughters.

While at the London School of Economics, Evans-Pritchard was taught by the well-known C.G. Seligman and B. Malinowski and influenced by Alfred Radcliffe-Brown all of whom were important anthropologists. Evans-Pritchard, unlike his teachers, saw anthropology as less of a natural science and more about understanding culture and explaining history. Evans-Pritchard soon became known for studying the peoples of Eastern Africa. His PhD thesis was about the Azande people of modern South Sudan. He would continue to study and work with the Azande and other Eastern Africans throughout his life. He spent his time during the Second World War in Sudan and was able to study other East African peoples like the Sansui of Cyrenaica during his military service. At the time, Britain colonized many parts of Africa; Britain used their colonies as bases and staging posts during the war.

Evans-Pritchard’s spent much of his early career studying the Azande. He had a specific interest in the Azande idea of witchcraft, which to the Azande was of great importance. Whenever something bad, that was not someone’s fault, happened to a member of the Azande, they would blame witchcraft for the issue. Witchcraft was a common, everyday problem for the Azande and it was a major part of their culture. Tests and trials, often done by oracles, would decide whether accused people were witches or not. It is important to note that the Azande did not always believe witch charges and they often challenged rulings. As Evans-Pritchard found, Azande witchcraft was not an excuse for someone making a mistake. The Azande idea of witchcraft had a logic to it.

The Nuer people of people of East Africa were also studied by Evans-Pritchard. Like with the Azande, he took primary accounts of what he saw. He did not apply the views he had of other African cultures to the Nuer without first experiencing them. He explained in detail how the Nuer thought about laws, politics, and their society. The Nuer did not build courthouses or other political buildings, instead most rules and political beliefs were taught through oral histories and stories. The will and the expectation that you would follow these rules only existed a certain distance away from the village that made them.

Evans-Pritchard is known for being an early supporter for Cultural Relativism. Cultural Relativism is the belief of not judging people's cultures as better or worse compared to your own. A culture is not good or bad, it is just different. While many of Evans-Pritchard's peers considered peoples like the Azande as primitive and lesser, Evans-Pritchard found that they were rational and orderly. He also did not believe that White Europeans were inherently better than other races and this belief can be seen in his writings.

Evans-Pritchard is regarded as an important British Anthropologist and Ethnographer. He believed in the importance of fieldwork and unlike many past anthropologists, spent his time visiting and writing about the Azande and Nuer personally rather than only relying on others and writing from home. He lived among those he studied, which allowed him to gather a very excellent description of who he was living with. He was supportive of future students looking at his work and asking questions, so he tried to publish as much of his own work as he could.

Later writers would note some flaws. Evans-Pritchard contradicted himself and has faced criticism over his translation skills. Also, some of his writings about parts of the cultures he studied, such as with the Nuer religion, have flaws. Modern critics note that most of his work was done while the people he studied were ruled under the British Empire. Which to the critics, implies his work has a possible moral problem.

Even though he was criticized, he is thought to have been an excellent writer. Also, he is said to have been a very good ethnographer, an individual who records aspects of a culture. He is remembered as an important anthropologist.

Edward Evan Evans-Pritchard retired in 1970 and was knighted in 1971, a great honor in his native Great Britain. He died in Oxford, England in 1973.

Burton, John W. 1992 "An Introduction to Evans-Pritchard". Freiburg, Schweiz University. Frieburg, Switzerland.

Douglas, Mary. 1980 "Edward Evans-Pritchard". The Viking Press. New York.

Erickson, Paula A. and Liam D. Murphy. 2017 "A History of Anthropological Theory". University of Toronto Press. Ontario, Canada.

Evans-Pritchard, E.E. 1937 “Witchcraft, Oracles, and Magic Among the Azande.” Clarendon Press. Oxford, England.

Pocock, David F. 1975 “Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard 1902-1973: An appreciation”. Africa. 45(3):327-330

The Princess Bride

The Princess Bride might refer to:



Awdalland

AwdalState (Somali: AwdalState, Arabic: أرض أودال, Italian: Terra di Punt or Paese di Punt), officially the AwdalState of Somalia (Somali: Dowlad Goboleedka AwdalState ee Soomaaliya, Arabic: ولاية أرض أودال الصومالية), is a Federal Member State in northwest Somalia. The capital city is the city of Borama in the Awdal region, and its leaders declared the territory an autonomous state in 2009. Geographically to the west, AwdalState lays claim To the east it borders Maroodi Jeex to its north-west it borders Djibouti; to its south and south-west lies Ethiopia; and the Gulf of Aden to its north.[6] The province has an estimated population of 1,010,566.[7] 

Maakhir

Maakhir is an unrecognized state of Somalia.

George Atkinson III

George Henry Atkinson III (November 29, 1992 – December 2, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a running back in the National Football League (NFL). 

He played college football at Notre Dame. He signed with the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2014, and also played for the Cleveland Browns, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the New York Jets.

Atkinson III died on December 2, 2019 at the age of 27.


D. C. Fontana

Dorothy Catherine Fontana (March 25, 1939 – December 2, 2019) was an American television script writer and story editor. She worked on the original "Star Trek" franchise and several Western television series. She also wrote the script for "Logan's Run", "The Six Million Dollar Man", and "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century". Fontana was born in Sussex, New Jersey.

Fontana died on December 2, 2019 of cancer in Burbank, California, aged 80.

Sussex, New Jersey

Sussex is a borough in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 2,024.

Sussex County, New Jersey

Sussex County is the northernmost county in the State of New Jersey. Its county seat is Newton.

Newton, New Jersey

Newton, officially the "Town of Newton", is an incorporated municipality located in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. It is about by road northwest of New York City. As of the 2020 United States Census, the town's population was 8,374.

Bertil Fiskesjö

He was a member of the Riksdag from 1971 to 1994. He later was the Third Deputy Speaker of the Riksdag from 1986 to 1994.

Vera Clemente

Vera Clemente (March 6, 1941 – November 16, 2019) was a Puerto Rican philanthropist. She was the head of the Roberto Clemente Foundation. She founded a sports education center in Puerto Rico, and was a Goodwill Ambassador for Major League Baseball. 

She was the wife of baseball player Roberto Clemente, who died in 1972, and the mother of sportscaster Roberto Clemente Jr. She went to the White House in 2003 to receive her husband's posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom. 

Clemente died of a short-illness on November 16, 2019 at a San Juan, Puerto Rico hospital, aged 78.

John Henry Waddell

John Henry Waddell (February 14, 1921 – November 27, 2019) was an American sculptor, painter and educator. He had a long career in art education and had many sculptures on public display. He was best known for "That Which Might Have Been"—his memorial to the four girls killed in the 1963 bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama.

Waddell died November 27, 2019 in Verde Valley, Arizona, at the age of 98.

Andrew Clements

Andrew Elborn Clements (May 29, 1949 – November 28, 2019) was an American children's writer. His first book "Frindle" won annual book awards. In June 2015 it was named the Phoenix Award winner for 2016. He also wrote "A Week in the Woods" and "Things Not Seen".

Clements died on November 28, 2019 at his Baldwin, Maine home at the age of 70.

Baldwin, Maine

Baldwin is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,520 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine, metropolitan statistical area.

Rawshan Ara Bachchu

Rawshan Ara Bachchu (17 December 1932 – 3 December 2019) was a Bangladeshi activist. She took part in Bengali Language Movement in 1952. She was awarded Anannya Top Ten Awards in 2009. She was born in Kulaura, Sylhet, Assam Province, British India. 

Bachchu died on 3 December 2019 in Dhaka, Bangladesh at the age of 86.

Ján Eugen Kočiš

Bishop Ján Eugen Kočiš (25 June 1926 – 4 December 2019) was a Slovak and Czech Greek Catholic hierarch. He was a Titular Bishop of Abrittum and an Auxiliary Bishop of the Ruthenian Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Czech Republic from 24 April 2004 until 7 October 2006. Kočiš was born in Pozdišovce, Czechoslovakia. 

Kočiš died on 4 December 2019 in Prešov, Slovakia at the age of 93.

Luigi Farace

Luigi Farace (14 October 1934 – 30 November 2018) was an Italian politician and businessman. He was a member the Christian Democrats of Italy. He was the Mayor of Bari from 1978 until 1981. He was then elected to Chamber of Deputies for two terms from 1987 to 1994.

Farace died in Bari on 30 November 2018 at the age of 84.

Keyboard Cat

Keyboard Cat is an internet meme. It is a video from 1984 of a female cat called "Fatso" wearing a blue shirt and "playing" an upbeat rhythm on an electronic keyboard. The video was posted to YouTube under the title "charlie schmidt's "cool cat"" in June 2007. Schmidt later changed the title to "Charlie Schmidt's Keyboard Cat (THE ORIGINAL)".

Fatso (1978-1987) was owned by Charlie Schmidt of Spokane, Washington, United States.

"Keyboard Cat" was ranked No. 2 on Current TV's list of 50 Greatest Viral Videos.

In 2009 Schmidt became owner of Bento, another cat that looked like Fatso, and which he used to create new Keyboard Cat videos, until Bento's death in March 2018.

Jamie Vardy

Jamie Richard Vardy (born 11 January 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays for Leicester City as a striker. He is one of the most successful strikers in Premier League.

Vardy won the Premier League title with Leicester in 2016.
He has played for the England national team, but has retired from international play to protect his body from wear and tear. His club contract is by far his main source of income.

Vardy is very unusual, because he was a third division player who made it big when transferred to a Premier League club quite late in his career.

He started his footballing career at the age of sixteen, playing for Stockbridge Park Steels youth system. On his debut for Halifax Town in 2010, Vardy scored the winning goal against Buxton. He was their top scorer for the season, with 25 goals in 37 appearances. After leaving Halifax for Fleetwood Town, he became the season's top scorer with 31 league goals.

In May 2012, Vardy signed for Championship side Leicester City. In 2013-14 season, Vardy got the Leicester's player of the season award, with 16 league goals. The following season, Leicester was promoted to the Premier League. Vardy won his first Premier League Player of the Month award for the month of October in 2015 and won it again in November.

The sports' highlight of the year was when Leicester won the 2015-16 season of the Premier League, one season after promotion. Vardy won the Premier League Player of the Season award and was one of the four Leicester players selected in the PFA Team of the Year. He scored his first UEFA Champions League goal on 22 February 2017. He is the only player in Premier league history to have scored goals in 11 consecutive (one after the other) matches. On 5 July, 2020, Vardy scored 2 goals against Crystal Palace to complete a century of goals in Premier League.

Vardy was selected for the England squad for UEFA Euro 2016. He made his international debut for England on 7th June, coming as a substitute for Wayne Rooney against the Republic of Ireland. He scored his first goal for England against Germany on 26 March 2016. He was also selected in England's squad for the World Cup 2018.

On 28 August 2018, Vardy "stepped aside" from the England national team. He told manager Gareth Southgate that he did not want to be considered for selection unless there was an injury crisis.

Source:

Source:

FC Halifax Town

Fleetwood Town

Leicester City

Individual

Despite his record, Vardy is not the most prolific goal-scorer in the history of Leicester City. That record is held by Arthur Chandler, who scored 273 goals for Leicester City in the 1920s and 1930s. Vardy is one of three L.C. players who have been nominated for the Ballon d'Or (the others were Gordon Banks and Riyad Mahrez).


Aviatyrannis

Aviatyrannis is a genus of carnivorous tyrannosauroid dinosaur discovered in Portugal. It was discovered in 2000 and was named in 2003.

Dorothy Rabinowitz

Dorothy Rabinowitz is an American writer and critic. She writes for the "Wall Street Journal". She is sometimes on the "Journal Editorial Report" on the Fox News channel.

In 2001 Rabinowitz won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary. She lost the Pulitzer Prize three times earlier. When she won, the Pulitzer board cited articles on false allegations of child sexual abuse, and the 2000 U.S. presidential election.

She supported Republican presidential candidate John McCain in both the 2000 and 2008 U.S. presidential elections.



Warsangeli Sultanate

The Warsangeli Sultanate was a kingdom which existed from 1218 until 1886. Its last leader was Mahamoud Ali Shire.

25 Churchill Place

25 Churchill Place is a skyscraper in the eastern part of the London financial district Canary Wharf. 

Potential tenants included Aon, Deutsche Bank and News Corp.

It is 118 metres (387 ft) and it opened in 2014, the same year when construction was completed after two years of construction.


Colíder

Colíder is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil. It is 650 km far from the state's capital Cuiabá. In 2017, its population was estimated to 32,298 people.

Jimmy Cavallo

James Cavallo (March 14, 1927 – December 2, 2019) was an American saxophonist. His genres included R&B and rock. He was best known for performing with his band in the 1956 movie, "Rock, Rock, Rock". His band Jimmy and the Houserockers were the first white band to play at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Cavallo was born in Syracuse, New York.

Cavallo died of heart failure on December 2, 2019 in Pompano Beach, Florida at the age of 92.


Apollo Theater

The Apollo Theater is a music hall located at 253 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard (Seventh Avenue) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. It is a known location for African-American performers, and is the home of "Showtime at the Apollo". 

In 1983, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

Rosa Morena

Rosa Morena (11 July 1941 – 4 December 2019) was a Spanish flamenco pop singer, model, dancer and actress. She was known for her 1970s hit song "Échale guindas al pavo". Morena was born in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. Her best known movie roles were "Alborada en cartagena: El secreto de las esmeraldas" (1966), "Flor salvaje" (1968), "Entre ríos y encinares" (1971) and "El Retorno del Hombre Lobo" (1980).

Morena died on 4 December 2019 in Badajoz, Spain from breast cancer at the age of 78.

Bob Willis

Robert George Dylan Willis (born Robert George Willis; 30 May 1949 – 4 December 2019) was an English cricketer. He played for Surrey, Warwickshire, Northern Transvaal and England. He was a "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year for 1978. He was born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.

Willis died on 4 December 2019 at the age of 70.

AutoHotkey

AutoHotkey is a free, open-source scripting language for Microsoft Windows. It allows users to create keyboard shortcuts or hotkeys, fast macro-creation and software automation. It allows users to automate repetitive tasks in any Windows application. User interfaces can be extended or modified by AutoHotkey. For example, replacing the Windows control key commands with their Emacs equivalents. The AutoHotkey installation includes a help file. Documentation is available on the internet.

AutoHotkey scripts can be used to load programs, open documents, and issue keystrokes and mouse clicks.

AutoHotkey scripts can also change variables and manipulate windows, files, and folders.

AutoHotkey scripts can be started by a hotkey. When the user presses a combination of keys, such as on the keyboard, a script could open a web browser.

Keyboard keys can be remapped, such that pressing might result in the active window receiving an en dash (–). The same keys could be disabled, such that pressing might result in nothing happening at all.

AutoHotkey also allows for 'hotstrings' that will automatically replace certain text as it is typed. A typical use for hotstrings is expanding abbreviations. Typing "btw" could be made to produce the text "by the way".

Scripts can be started automatically when the computer starts. These could run in the background and could be used to write information to a logfile.

More complex tasks can be making custom data entry forms (GUI windows), working with the system registry, or using the Windows API by calling functions from DLLs. The scripts can be compiled into an executable file that can be run on other computers that do not have AutoHotkey installed.

The source code is in C++ and can be compiled with Visual Studio Express.

Memory access through pointers is allowed just as in C.

Some uses for AutoHotkey:

The first public beta of AutoHotkey was released on November 10, 2003. It was based on the syntax on AutoIt v2. It used some AutoIt v3 commands and the AutoIt v3 compiler. AutoIt v3 changed its license from GPL to closed source because of "other projects repeatedly taking AutoIt code" and "setting themselves up as competitors."

In 2010, AutoHotkey v1.1 (originally called AutoHotkey_L) became the platform for ongoing development of AutoHotkey. In late 2012, it became the official branch.

The following script will allow a user to search for a particular word or phrase using Google. After copying text from any application to the clipboard, pressing the configurable hotkey will open the user's default web browser and perform the search.

The following script defines a hotstring that enables the user to type "afaik" in any program and have it automatically replaced with "as far as I know":

The example below makes replace selected text in an editor with a quoted version of that text. It illustrates the use of functions, arguments and default argument values. 
^+q::QuoteSelection() ; Ctrl+Shift+Q

QuoteSelection()

GetSelection(timeoutSeconds := 0.5)

PasteText(s)

Quote(s)

There are extensions/interops/inline script libraries available for usage with/from other programming languages:

Other major plugins enable support for:

Some malware has been written using AutoHotkey.

Anti-malware products sometimes falsely identify AutoHotkey scripts as malware. These are called "false positives".



Samoa Observer

The Samoa Observer is the biggest newspaper group in Samoa. It is written in English and Samoan. The paper that is sold on Monday to Friday is called the Samoa Observer, the paper sold on Saturdays is the Weekend Observer, and the one on Sundays is the Sunday Samoan. 

The "Samoa Observer" has articles on news in Samoa, news in other countries, opinion essays, sports, and investigations by reporters. The Samoa Observer was founded in 1978 by Editor in Chief Savea Sano Malifa, a poet and Pacific news writer who received the Commonwealth Astor Award for press freedom in 1998.

The "Samoa Observer" has gotten awards for investigative journalism. Some government officials and business leaders have sued the "Samoa Observer" in court for the stories it wrote about crime or other bad acts. 

The paper's offices are located in Apia, the capital city of Samoa. In 1994, the offices were damaged in a fire after it printed stories about government corruption. 

Fetoscopy

Fetoscopy is a medical procedure to examine and treat an unborn child. It is only done in specialized hospitals. Because it is difficult to do, it is only done for severe illnesses. The complication that occurs most often is that the baby is born early, or that a miscarriage occurs. This happens in up to 5% of the cases. In many cases, fetoscopy is completented or replaced by medical ultrasound.

Quwwat-ul-Islam mosque

Quwwat-ul-Islam Mosque (built 1192 - 1316) Quwwat-ul-Islam was sponsored by Qutb-ud-din Aibak, founder of the Mamluk dynasty. The Quwwat-ul-Islam is best known for its tower of victory, celebrating the Islamic conquest of India. 27 Jain and Hindu temples were dismantled and their stonework salvaged into the Quwwat-ul-Islam mosque. It consists of a rectangular courtyard enclosed by cloisters. Perhaps it was the first monument of iconoclast in India. It is in contradiction to Hasan Nizami's account of Aibak as peaceful and 'Lakh Baksh' or 'giver of lakhs' in his book Taj-ul-Masir. It is said he was generous and spent huge sums in charity. But it may also be that the monument was hurriedly built with the building material from the temple as Aibak had not established himself firmly in India at that time.

Quwwat-ul-Islam, the "Glory of Islam," was hastily erected by the young amir, who conscripted an army of local craftsmen, presumably Hindus, to assemble the structure thought there is no evidence to confirm the religious demography of the craftsmen 

The Qūwat-ul-Islām mosque (completed 1196), consisting of cloisters around a courtyard with the sanctuary to the west, was built from the remains of demolished temples celebrating the Muslim conquest of India. It is built of red sandstone, gray quartz, and white marble, but is probably inspired by the “Iron Pillar " that stands on the site. Built in the Gupta dynasty in the 6th century, it is the only piece of the temple that stands in its original location. Qutb built around it when he constructed the mosque. Although made of iron, it has resisted rust for over 1,500 years.

Later, a lofty arched screen was erected and the mosque was enlarged, by Shams-ud- Din Iltutmish (A.D. 1210 - 1235) and Ala-ud-Din Khalji. The Iron Pillar in the courtyard bears an inscription in Sanskrit in Brahmi script of fourth century A.D., according to which the pillar was set up as a Vishnudhvaja (standard of god Vishnu) on the hill known as Vishnupada in memory of a mighty king named Chandra. A deep socket on the top of the ornate capital indicates that probably an image of Garuda was fixed into it.

Non-volatile memory

Non-volatile memory (NVM) is a type of computer memory that can hold its data even when the computer’s power is turned off. 

Unlike volatile memory, it does not need its data to be continually refreshed. 

It is the type of memory used in ROM memory chips such as those holding a PC's bootloader program. Flash memory, often used in secondary storage, is also non-volatile.

Minh Mạng

Minh Mạng ([mïŋ˧ maːŋ˧˨ʔ]; 25 May 1791 – 20 January 1841), personal name Nguyễn Phúc Đảm, also known as Nguyễn Phúc Kiểu, was the second emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnamese History. His reign lasted 21 years, from 1820 until his death in 1841.

Emperor Minh Mạng was the fourth son of Emperor Gia Long; his mother was Trần Thị Đang, second wife of Gia Long (conferred Empress Dowager Nhân Tuyên later). Three eldest son of Gia Long, Crown prince Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh, "Duke of Thuận An" Nguyễn Phúc Hy and prince Nguyễn Phúc Tuấn, had died before their father, so Minh Mạng was the eldest son of Gia Long at that time.

Minh Mạng is reported to have 142 children from 43 wives. He also had many concubines whose childless, and not be reported in royal pedigree. The first wife of him was Empress Consort Tá Thiên Hồ Thị Hoa, mother of Emperor Thiệu Trị, but she died after 13 days giving birth. The second wife, "First-rank of Royal Concubine Hiền phi" Ngô Thị Chính, was the most beloved wife of Minh Mạng, but she had not been conferred as Empress Consort.

Ngô Thị Chính

Ngô Thị Chính (or Chánh) (1792 – 1843) was an imperial consort of Emperor Minh Mạng of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnamese History.

Ngô Thị Chính was born in Đăng Xương, Huế, daughter of "Attorney General" Ngô Văn Sở and lady Nguyễn Thị Đích. She also had 2 younger brother named Thắng and Thọ.

Lady Chính married Minh Mạng while he was still as Crown Prince. In 1820, Minh Mạng crowned, lady Chính was granted the title "Cung tần" ("Imperial maid"), as well as other concubines of him. Because at that time, lady Hồ Thị Hoa had died after giving birth to Miên Tông (Thiệu Trị later), lady Chính was the primary wife of Minh Mạng, leader of the harem. 

Not long after that, she was granted Tam giai Hiền tần ("Third-rank of Royal Concubine Hiền tần"). The First and Second-rank was emptied, so Hiền tần still kept the highest rank in the harem. In 1836, she was elevated to Nhất giai Hiền phi ("First-rank of Royal Concubine Hiền phi").

Although more than 40, Hiền Phi still gave birth to a son, proving that she was still loved by the emperor despite her age.

In 1843, Hiền Phi died at 52 years old and was buried at Hương Thủy, Huế. Emperor Thiệu Trị granted the posthumous name for Hiền phi, was Tuệ Khiết.

Hiền phi Ngô Thị Chính gave birth to 9 children for Minh Mạng:


Larinus planus

Larinus planus is a weevil, an insect of the Curculionidae family. It is native to Europe, and is also common in North America. Both the larvae and adults feed on flower buds, mostly of thistles. They are oval shaped, dark brown or black, and about 5-10 millimeters long.

The larvae stage does the most damage to the flower bud. In North America it has been used as a biocontrol agent.

"Larinus planus" has been used in North America to control the creeping thistle, a weed from Europe. It has spread to other plants. In 2000, it was found eating "Cirsium undulatum". This is a thistle native to western Colorado and eastern Utah. Later research found that it had reduced the amount of seeds produced by the native thistle. It has also been found to have a bad effect on "Cirsium pitcheri".

It is normal for introduced species to spread rapidly because they are free of the parasites and predators of their native land.

Ant-Man

Ant-Man is the name of several fictional characters and superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee and his companions. He was first made by Hank Pym, a genius who had many scientific advances. Later on the suit was stolen by Scott Lang, who soon became the new Ant-Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

His power comes from his suit and tools of high tech tool. Hank Pym study's about subatomic particles which he call the Pym Particles. These particles are inside unknown gas which where his power comes from, when he is going to turn into different size. The unknown gas that Pym study from the micro particles makes his body shrink when he inhales or drinks a potion of the Pym Particles.

Even though he is a small size, he still has human strength. As an ant, he has the ability to carry a heavy weight. Like an ant he can carry up to 50,000 pound. 

Ant-Man's different size can cause stress to his body and his mind.

The Stinger a small and very powerful stun beam. It shoots a beam creating explosion.

Like all superheroes, Ant-Man also has a huge amount of villains to fight. 

The earliest criminals Ant-Man had in Marvel Comics are: Egghead, Scarlet Beetle, The Hijacker, The Voice, The Porcupine, The Living Eraser, The Human Top, The Black Knight, El Toro, Nikita Khrushchev.



The character has appeared in television series, action figures, and video games. In live-action, the Hank Pym and Scott Lang incarnations of the character are portrayed by Michael Douglas and Paul Rudd in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

SCP

SCP may refer to:

Garfield Minus Garfield

Garfield Minus Garfield, also known as Jon Arbuckle, is a comic published on the internet and created by Dan Walsh, a technology manager from Dublin, Ireland, that received notably large attention during 2008. Each comic strip consists of a previous "Garfield" comic strip with every character except Garfield's owner Jon Arbuckle removed. Dan Walsh says he was not the first to come up with this idea, but was the first to popularize it.

Paws, Inc. publishes a similarly named and themed comic strip every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and later every Tuesday.

Because Garfield is not present, the comic strips mostly show his owner, Jon Arbuckle, interacting with himself instead of Garfield. The comic strip's website calls this "a journey deep into the mind of an isolated young everyman as he fights a losing battle against loneliness and depression in a quiet American suburb."

"Garfield" creator and artist Jim Davis has said he occasionally reads the comic strip, it fascinates him, and he finds it to be an "inspired thing to do". Some variations of the idea have also been created, such as a Garfield Minus Jon Tumblr blog.

On October 28 2008, Ballantine Books released a "Garfield Minus Garfield" book in full color, with the original comics alongside the edited ones. It is credited to Jim Davis, who officially allowed it to be published, with an introduction written by Dan Walsh. However, most of the content inside the book consists of a section with "Garfield Minus Garfield Strips by Dan", ending with "A word from Jim Davis" and a small section of Jim Davis' own attempts at making "Garfield Minus Garfield" comic strips.

Paws, Inc. published its own "Garfield Minus Garfield" from November 3, 2008 to July 21, 2010, and resumed publishing on April 25, 2012. Unlike Dan Walsh's version, Paws, Inc.'s version also includes the original "Garfield" comic strip underneath.


Albany adder

The Albany adder is a viper that is less than a foot long and is also a highly venomous snake, native to South Africa. It is the most rare and endangered snake in South Africa. The Albany Adder has a rare brown and red pattern on its scales. It also seems to have horns over its eyebrows. The Adder reaches sexual maturity between 3 and 4 years of age. They can live around 15 years old in the wild. 

This breed was found in the 1990s. There have only been a dozen found, one was found dead. The last was found and recorded in 2007. A group of reptile experts went looking for this hard to find snake and were only able to find two during their first day. In 2014, the Albany Adder was put on the Critically endangered species list as the most endangered reptile.This snake was a month from being extinct due to the rule of a species not being found and recorded in a ten year span. If not recorded in this time frame, it is labeled as extinct.
Due to the loss of the snake's home there have been few sightings of this snake. Scientists are keeping the location of the snake a secret in order to save it. There are now rules for their lands. The snakes reside in small plants and tiny trees. Reptile experts know nearly nothing about the what the Albany Adder eats, how they have babies, and the way they act. 

Scientists know what other Adders eat, how they have babies, and how they behave. They have reason to believe that these habits are similar to the Albany Adder.

Adders eat small Mammals. small Reptiles, nesting Birds, and Amphibians. Scientists think Albany Adders mate nearly the same way as other Adders. Females can produce around 10-12 babies who go off on their own shortly after being born.

Needle felting

Needle felting is a dry felting technique which employs one or more specially designed needles to manipulate wool fibers. This technique is used by artists and craftspeople to sculpt objects and embellish textiles with wool. Needle felting can be used to create soft sculpture, dolls, figurines, and 2 dimensional wool paintings.

Needle felting dates back to the 1980s. The technique was adapted from industrial felting by David & Eleanor Stanwood. They took needles from a wool factory and used them to create handmade felt without the use of water or soap. The skills for needle felting were passed on to Ayala Talpai who wrote books and taught others to needle felt. Today, needle felting is still not as popular as wet felting. However, it has a strong following with people who enjoy arts and crafts.

Finger gloves are small leather strips that cover the index finger and thumb in order to protect fingers from injury. Finger gloves can be useful for beginners, but contact with a hard surface can damage or break delicate felting needles.

A cushion or mat is required for needle felting. A mat is used to protect both the delicate felting needles as well as the work surface below. A felting mat can be made out of many materials, but are commonly foam, sponge, or other soft materials that can withstand repeated puncture by the needle without causing damage to it.
Felting needles are the most important tool for needle felting. They are specially designed with notches or 'barbs' all along the shaft to mat and lock wool fibers together. They come in a variety of sizes: smaller needles have finer barbs and can be used for more detailed work, while larger needles have thick barbs and can create felt faster than other needle sizes. The needle size is measured in gauges ranging from 12 to 42. It is a measurement of how many needles fit in a square inch. That means the higher the gauge, the smaller the needle.

The wool that is typically used for needle felting is called roving or batting - wool that has been cleaned and carded is packaged this way for spinning and other fiber crafts. Many different types of wool are suitable for needle felting. Sheep's wool is most common, but other animal fibers and even some plant and synthetic fibers can be needle felted.

Needle felting starts by placing a cushion or mat on a flat surface. To create a 3D object, a small amount of wool is tightly rolled up into a small bundle. The wool is then stabbed over and over again with the felting needle to lock the fibers together, eventually creating a firm texture that is called felt. Adding more wool and poking it repeatedly into the felt expands the object until it achieves the desired shape. Needle felting can also be used to create 2D wool paintings. For this process, wool is applied to an existing piece of felt or fabric. Small amounts of fiber are painstakingly poked into the fabric to create the desired image.

Flemish Giant rabbit

The Flemish Giant rabbit is one of the largest breeds of domestic rabbits, earning the name, "King of Rabbits." Originally, these rabbits were bred for their fur and meat. It's origins are quite vague. It is believed that these rabbits are descended from the Patagonia Rabbit, possibly crossed with another rabbit. Also, no one is sure as to what region these rabbits are from.

The difference in does (females) and bucks (males) can be told by looking at their head. Bucks have a broader head while does' are dainty and have a dewlap, a fold of skin under their chin, used to keep kits (baby rabbits) warm.

The Flemish Giant rabbit has other nicknames besides "King of Rabbits." The name "Gentle Giants" was earned because unlike the smaller domestic rabbit, Flemish Giants are known for being much more calm and gentle. They are also called the "Universal Rabbit" mainly for being great pets and show animals, although, it could also be because of their use as a resource for food and material.

"Giant" obviously comes from their large size. "Flemish" was the language spoken in the region where they were being bred. Their large size does mean a bit more of food and maintenance but these rabbits can be taken care of the same way the normal domestic sized rabbits would be taken care of.

Their glossy fur is short and dense. Their coats come in seven different colors; light gray, steel gray, black, fawn, sandy, white, and blue.

Mature Flemish Giants weigh 13-14 lbs on average but they can weigh up to 20 pounds, even a bit more. They can grow to be bigger than some dogs. On average, the Flemish Giant can grow to 2 1/2 in length. The longest Flemish Giant recorded is 4 ft. 3 in. The typical ear length for them is 8 inches.

Nuvvuagittuq Greenstone Belt

Nuvvuagittuq Greenstone Belt is a series of rock formations in Northern Canada, on the eastern shore of the Hudson Bay. They may be up to 4.4 billion years old. The belt is one of the oldest rock formations on Earth, but there is dispute about its actual age. 3,770 million years ago is accepted by others. The rocks have been metamorphosed by later geological events.

Thai street food

Thai street food is a market place in Thailand where vendors set up stalls to sell food and people buy to enjoy on the go or directly on nearby tables. This event is set up throughout the day with many different Thai cuisines and desserts such as popular dishes like "Som Tam," which is a salad made from shredded green papayas topped with tomatoes, lime, peanuts, garlic, and chili peppers and "Pad Thai" which is known as the country’s famous stir-fried noodles with any kind of meat such as pork, beef, chicken, or shrimp. They also have popular desserts such as "Khao Niao Mamuang" or mango sticky rice made with a bed of sticky rice at the bottom with a fresh mango cut into slices on top and finished off with a drizzle of sweet coconut milk; these foods are usually served as a small portion, just enough for one at a very low price.

There are many Thai cuisines displayed from noodles to curries, soups to salad, and many sweet desserts. One popular noodle soup, "Guay Teow," is made from rice noodles or egg noodles with beef, pork, and chicken stock. Sometimes vendors add wantons, which are small dumplings or meat balls, to the broth. The Thai version of spaghetti and meatballs is called "Pad See Eiw." It's a noodle dish made from wide and thick rice noodles that is stir fried in dark soy sauce with either pork, chicken, or beef and Chinese broccoli or cabbage. It's a great substitute from pad thai because it's not spicy, although some ask for dried chili flakes on the side. Those who enjoy food can also add vinegar to liven the dish. Another unique street food dish is "Massaman Gai," which is a curry that comes from Persia. This dish is flavored with Cinnamon, Tamarind sauce, and sugar, topped with roasted peanuts and bay leaves, it's made with coconut milk, potatoes, and chicken or tofu for vegetarians.

Thai street also has desserts. These can be wrapped or serve in other unique ways. “Khao Lam” which is Bamboo sticky rice, is served inside a bamboo stick roasted in charcoal. The inside can have white sticky rice or black sticky rice filled with black beans or sesame. The bamboo gives this dessert a unique taste. Diners crack open the top and then pull down each bamboo strip like a flower until the sticky rice is reached. This dessert's price range is from 14 cents (US) to as much as $2. Thai desserts also include ice cream. Being one of the hottest places in the world, there are a lot of stalls that sell many ice cream desserts like “Itim Kati” or coconut ice cream. This dessert is made out of coconut milk with a soft texture, a blend between creamy and icy. It's served in a coconut shell and is as cheap as 57 to 86 cents (US). There is also a unique dessert that can be found in Thai street markets called “Bua Loy Nam King” or Black sesame dumplings in ginger soup. This street dessert is originally from China. It is filled with warm spicy Ginger soup with rice flour dumplings that have black sesame paste on the inside, it’s texture is soft and chewy.

Reedley, California

Reedley is a city in Fresno County, California. It is about 33 kilometers southeast of Fresno. In 2020, 25,227 people lived there.

Constrained comics

Constrained comics are comics on which restrictions are intentionally placed.

A similar idea is constrained writing, a style of writing that also features restrictions that are intentionally placed. Using that idea, writers have attempted to do things such as write novels that are palindromes or do not feature the letter "e". Some of these ideas are sorted into their own genres of poetry, such as haiku or sonnet.

Some notable examples of constrained comics are listed here:



Paws, Inc.

Paws, Inc., also known as Paws Incorporated, is an American comic studio and production company owned by the children's cable television network Nickelodeon, a subsidiary fully owned by ViacomCBS. American cartoonist Jim Davis started it to support the "Garfield" series, comic strips and its licensing. It is located in Muncie, Indiana. 50 artists and licensing administrators work for Paws, Inc.. The current company building changed positions from Jim Davis's farm to Albany, which was nearby, in 1989.

In 1994, the company purchased all rights to the Garfield comic strips from 1978 to 1993 from United Feature Syndicate, except for the original black-and-white daily comic strips and original color Sunday comic strips. Paws owns the copyrights to the full-color daily comic strips and recolored Sunday comic strips because they are called a different product. The comic strip is currently distributed by Universal Uclick, while Paws, Inc. owns the rights to the comic strip.

In August 2019, Viacom purchased Paws, Inc., including merchandising around the world and existing licensees, and put it under Nickelodeon. The deal did not include rights to the previous live action and CGI Garfield movies, which Walt Disney Studios owns under 20th Century Fox. Jim Davis will continue to draw the comic strip for newspapers and Universal Uclick.


African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde

The African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (Portuguese: "Partieo Africano para a Indepenência da Guiné e Cabo Verde", PAIGC) is a political party in Guinea-Bissau. Henri Labéry made the party in 1956. At this time, Portugal controlled Guinea-Bissau. The party wanted Guinea-Bissau to be independent.

National Front (UK)

The National Front is a United Kingdom far-right, fascist political party. It is a minor party, and it has never had its representatives elected to the British or European Parliaments.

Deerfield, Kansas

Deerfield is a city in Kearny County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 711 people lived there.

The first settlement was created at Deerfield in 1885. Deerfield was incorporated as a city in 1907.

Deerfield is at (37.981869, -101.133182).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Deerfield has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

As of the 2020 census, there were 711 people, 235 households, and 169 families living in the city. Of the households, 71.1% owned their home and 28.9% rented their home.

The median age was 29.9 years. Of the people, 49.9% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 0.8% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 24.6% were from some other race, and 22.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 56.8% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 700 people, 235 households, and 180 families living in the city.

Deerfield is part of Deerfield USD 216 public school district.


Echichens

Echichens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities of Colombier, Monnaz and Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges joined together to become this new municipality, Echichens.


Préverenges

Préverenges is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Lütisburg

Lütisburg is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Kaumodaki

Kaumodaki is the most powerful gada(mace) in the Hindu mythology.It is Lord Vishnu 's weapon .In some texts it's written that the mace was gifted by Varuna ( Lord of the waters in Hindu mythlogy) in the dwapara yuga to Lord Krishna to help Agni and fight Indra.

The Angriest Dog in the World

The Angriest Dog in the World is a comic strip created by film director David Lynch.

Lynch came up with the idea for the comic strip in 1973 during a time when he was feeling very angry. The comic strip was first published in the "LA Reader", and ran from 1983 until 1992. The comic strip was also serialized in "Cheval Noir".

Each comic strip is introduced with a small caption featuring this text:
Each strip is visually the same. The first three panels are identical, and feature the black dog growling, tied to a post in a yard by a chain. He is between a tree on the left and one wall of a house with a window on the right. The fourth panel is the same as the previous three panels, except it is night time and a circle of light is coming from the house's window.

A word balloon appears in one or more of the panels, showing one of the members of one of the house's unseen family, either Bill, Sylvia, Pete or Billy, Jr, is speaking. The speech is usually an aphorism or a non-sequitur. Such sayings include: "If everything is real... then nothing is real as well." and "It doesn't get any better than this."

In a short essay on Lynch's "Rabbits", Objectif Cinema notes:
David Lynch has of course used animals within his back catalogue of work before. Dogs for instance feature in nearly every one of his movies usually as a visual prop: who could forget the scene in "Wild at Heart" in which our canine friend scampers away with the Bank teller's severed hand? Or the mewling pups in Mary X's living room in "Eraserhead"? Indeed a dog, albeit in cartoon form, took centre stage in Lynch's cartoon series for the "LA Reader", "The Angriest Dog in the World". But it is here on his website that Lynch seems to be opening up more to the wonders of nature: Bees, Coyotes and Dead Mice all have a part to play in various guises and manifestations within www.davidlynch.com, and as part of the pay-per-view series, the Rabbit has been given the starring role.



Quarten

Quarten is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland. It is above Lake Walen and is divided into villages: Oberterzen, Unterterzen, Quarten, Quinten, Mols, Murg, and Tannenbodenalp.


Scottsville, Kansas

Scottsville is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 26 people lived there.

Scottsville was platted in October 1878 when the railroad was extended to that point. It was named for Tom Scott, a pioneer settler.

The post office in Scottsville was closed in 1967.

Scottsville is at (39.542577, -97.952304).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 26 people living in Scottsville. There were 10 households.

The 2010 census says that there were 25 people, 11 households, and 7 families living in Scottsville.


Haribo

Haribo is a German candy company founded in 1920 by Johannes "Hans" Riegel Sr. It started in Kessenich, Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia. The name is an acronym formed from Hans Riegel, Bonn. This is the name of the founder and the place he founded the company. Haribo created the first gummy candy in 1922 in the form of little gummy bears called "Gummibärchen". The current headquarters is in Grafschaft, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Haribo's slogan in German is ""Haribo macht Kinder froh – und Erwachsene ebenso"" ("Haribo makes children happy – and adults as well").

Eclépens

Eclépens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Reverolle

Reverolle was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.

Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges

Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges was a municipality of the district in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities Colombier, Monnaz and Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges joined together to become a new municipality called Echichens.

Gams

Gams is a municipality in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


2019 Hyderabad gang rape

The 2019 Hyderabad gang rape was the murder of a 26 year old veterinary doctor. It had an effect across all of India.

Her body was found in Shadnagar on 28 November 2019, a day after her death. Four suspects were arrested and, according to the Cyberabad Metropolitan Police, confessed to having raped and killed the doctor. On 6 December, the police took the accused to the scene of the crime, and shot them dead, prompting accusations of extrajudicial execution and celebrations of the killings. 

The following account is based on the police report. The victim had parked her scooter near a toll plaza, and caught the attention of two lorry drivers and their assistants. They deflated her tire, pretended to help her, and pushed her into nearby bushes, where they raped and smothered her. Then they loaded her corpse onto a lorry and dropped it on the roadside.

The police got evidence from CCTV cameras and from the victim's mobile phone. The accused were arrested and were put in Cherlapally Central Jail for fourteen days. The Telangana Chief Minister ordered a fast-track court to try the accused for their alleged crimes. 

The rape and murder caused outrage in several parts of the country. Protests and public demonstrations against rape were organised nationwide after the incident, with the public demanding stricter laws against rape and rapists. The Minister of Home Affairs criticised the Telangana Police and stated that the government intended to amend the Indian Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure to introduce laws for quicker punishment by fast-track courts.

All four accused were killed by police on 6 December 2019, under a bridge on Bangalore Hyderabad national highway, while they were in police custody. According to the police, the suspects were taken there for a reconstruction of the crime scene. Two of them allegedly snatched guns and attacked the police. In the ensuing shootout, all four suspects were shot dead. 

Thousands of people celebrated the men's deaths. The event has no religious angle : the accused included men of both main religions.

PartiallyClips

PartiallyClips is a comic published on the internet that was created by Rob Balder and ran from 2002 to 2015. At the start of 2010, Balder gave authorship of the comic to Tim Crist, the comedy musician behind Worm Quartet.

"PartiallyClips" is a constrained comic. Each three-panel strip consists of the same clip art image (the comic has no original art) in each panel for the whole strip, with added speech balloons and/or captions to create the joke.

"PartiallyClips" frequently tends to use dark humor because the picture used shows peace, which is common in public-domain clip art, but the added dialogue or captions make it instead not show peace. "PartiallyClips" also frequently comments on modern life and culture, especially aspects of Internet culture. No characters or plots often repeat.

Its name is a derivation from a misinterpreted phrase that results from a mishearing of the name because "Partially Clips" sounds similar to "Partial eclipse".

"PartiallyClips" was updated twice every week, on Sundays and Thursdays. The "partiallyclips.com" website stopped updating on 17 June 2015. During 2018, the PartiallyClips website went down, and remains unavailable as of August 2019. The archives were available on the Erfworld domain, but are not available there anymore because that domain has largely been taken down due to personal tragedy.

In addition to being published online, the strip was also self-licensed to print media, being targeted at alternative weekly newspapers. It appeared in about 25 newspapers and magazines, and was published in a book called "Suffering For My Clip Art: The Best Of Partially Clips Volume 1". Material from "PartiallyClips" was included in "".

PartiallyClips was included in a short list of comics published on the internet that was included in an NPR article released in 2009. The article's author, Glen Weldon, called it "a combination of found art, a finely honed comic sensibility, and awesomeness run rampant."



Uxbridge and South Ruislip (UK Parliament constituency)

Uxbridge and South Ruislip is a constituency of the UK Parliament in Greater London. It was created in 2010. 

Since 2010, the seat has been held by the Conservative Party. John Randall was MP from 2010 to 2015. Boris Johnson was MP from 2015 to 2019.

Boris Johnson became Prime Minister of the UK from 24 July 2019 to 6 September 2022.

In 2017 he got 5,034 votes more than his nearest rival. This was the smallest majority of any sitting prime minister since 1924. 

In 2019, his main rival was the Labour Party candidate Ali Milani. In April 2019, think-tank Onward classified the seat as "vulnerable" for the Conservatives. 
In November 2019, YouGov classified the seat as "likely Conservative". 

The Brexit leave vote is estimated by the House of Commons Library as 57.2%. In August 2018, "The Observer" reported that opinion had changed, with 51.4% of voters now supporting Remain.

In 2019, satirical candidates Count Binface and Lord Buckethead stood for election. The candidate William Tobin aimed to receive no votes. He is unable to vote as he is an expat who has lived abroad for 15 years.

Most of the constituency came from that of Uxbridge with parts from Ruislip-Northwood and Hayes and Harlington.

The Conservative party won the seat in 2010 and 2015.

In 2010, the Conservative candidate was John Randall. 

In 2015, Boris Johnson was the winning candidate for the conservatives.

The seat comprises the following electoral wards:

The seat is in the Outer London commuter belt. It is served by seven tube stations. It has green spaces such as the Colne Valley regional park. Most buildings are near to Uxbridge town centre. Brunel University is in the constituency. 

Most of the borough electoral wards have Conservative councillors. Uxbridge South has Labour councillors.

<section end="General Election 2019"/>
<section begin="General Election 2017"/>

<section end="General Election 2017"/>
<section begin="General Election 2015"/>

<section end="General Election 2015"/>


Count Binface

Count Binface is a character created by Jon Harvey. He is a UK comedian.

He was a candidate for Uxbridge and South Ruislip in the 2019 United Kingdom general election.

He was called Lord Buckethead. He changed his name due to a copyright dispute with Todd Durham. Durham is the originator of the character.


Alibi (TV channel)

Alibi (stylised as al1bi) is a British pay television channel that launch on 1 November 1997 as UK Arena and UK Drama in 2000 and UKTV Drama in 2004, Which the UKTV channels GOLD, Dave and W from 2019.

Goodnight Sweetheart

Goodnight Sweetheart is a 1993 British science fictional comedy sitcom, network on BBC One, stars Nicholas Lyndhurst, Victor McGuire, Christopher Ettridge, Elizabeth Carling, Emma Amos, Dervla Kirwan, Michelle Holmes, David Ryall, David Benson and Ronnie Stevens. The program creators are Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran. It on Goodnight Sweetheart characters.

Leonard Goldberg

Leonard J. Goldberg (January 24, 1934 – December 4, 2019) was an American movie and television producer. He had his own production company, Panda Productions (formerly Mandy Films). He was head of programming for ABC, and was president of 20th Century Fox. Goldberg was also the executive producer of the CBS series "Blue Bloods".

Goldberg died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on December 4, 2019 from problems caused by a fall. He was 85 years old.

Thomas Elsaesser

Thomas Elsaesser (22 June 1943 – 4 December 2019) was a German movie historian and professor of Film and Television Studies at the University of Amsterdam. He was born in Berlin. Elsaesser was the writer and director of "The Sun Island ", a documentary essay movie about his grandfather, the architect Martin Elsaesser.

Between 1968 and 1970, he worked for and co-edited a film journal published by the University of Sussex Film Society ("Brighton Film Review"). From 1972 to 1976, Elsaesser taught English, French and Comparative Literature at the University of East Anglia.

On 4 December 2019, Elsaesser died in Beijing of cardiac arrest where he was scheduled to give a lecture at the age of 76.


Marvin Goodfriend

Marvin Seth Goodfriend (November 6, 1950 – December 5, 2019) was an American economist. He was a professor of economics at Carnegie Mellon University. He was the director of research at the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. 

President Donald Trump nominated him to be Federal Reserve Board of Governors, but his nomination was soon removed. 

Goodfriend died at his home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on December 5, 2019, aged 69.

Robert Walker (actor)

Robert Hudson Walker Jr. (April 15, 1940 – December 5, 2019) was an American actor. Walker was cast role in the "" episode "Charlie X" (1966) as Charles 'Charlie' Evans. Walker had a role in an episode of "Columbo" ("Mind Over Mayhem", 1974), and as an innocent longshoreman who takes the blame for a murder on "Quincy, M.E." ("The Hero Syndrome", 1977).

Walker died on December 5, 2019 in Malibu, California at the age of 79.


D. E. Shaw &amp; Co.

D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P. is a multinational investment management firm founded in 1988 by David E. Shaw and based in New York City. The company is known for developing complicated mathematical models and sophisticated computer programs to exploit anomalies in financial markets. In 2023, "Forbes" reported that among hedge funds, D. E. Shaw had delivered the third-highest returns in the world since it started.

Janusz Dzięcioł

Janusz Andrzej Dzięcioł (11 December 1953 – 6 December 2019) was a Polish politician. He was known as the winner of the first series of "Big Brother".

From 2007 until 2015, he was a member of Sejm of Poland from Toruń constituency. Between 2002 and 2007, he was a Grudziądz City Councillor.

Christopher Ettridge

Christopher Ettridge (born 21 February 1948) is an English actor born in Isleworth, London. The actor is best known for his role as police officer Reg Deadman in the time-travelling comedy series Goodnight Sweetheart, which aired between 1993 to 1999 and returned for a special edition in 2016 apart for his roles in EastEnders, The Bill and Harry Enfield and Chums.

Isleworth

Isleworth is a small town of Saxon origin. It is in the London Borough of Hounslow in West London.

Kimmi Lewis

Kimmi Clark Lewis (March 19, 1957 – December 6, 2019) was an American politician. He was a state representative from Kim, Colorado. She was a member of the Republican Party. Lewis represented Colorado House of Representatives District 64 from 2017 until her death.

Lewis died of breast cancer in Kim, Colorado on December 6, 2019 at the age of 62.

Tessa Peake-Jones

Tessa Peake-Jones (born 9 May 1957) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Raquel in the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses. She played this role from December 1988 until the programme ended in 2003.


Dandeli

Dandeli is a city in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka, India, in the Western Ghats region. In 2001 there were 53,287 living in the city. The largest employer in the town is the West Coast Paper Mills. The mill has its own quarters, shopping complex, theatre, restaurant, playground and a clubhouse for the employees. 

A local legend says the city is named after Dandelappa, a local deity. He was a servant of the Mirashi landlords, who lost his life because of his loyalty. Another legend says that a king named Dandakanayaka passed through the forests and named them after himself. The city is believed to stand on the place where Dandakaranya stood when he named the area. The word "Aranya" in Kannada language means "forest".

Dandeli is surrounded by natural, historic, and religious landmarks. These include the River Kali, the caves of Kavla, the Syntheri Rocks, the Ulavi temple and Sykes point. Karnataka Power Corporation has a village at Ambikanagar. ( from Dandeli). There are also several hydroelectric power stations in the area, including the Nagajhari power house, Supa dam, Tattihalla dam, and the Bommanahalla. 

Eunice (biblical figure)

The New Testament says Eunice was the mother of Timothy. She was born as a Jew. She and her mother Lois later accepted Christianity.

She is only mentioned in 2 Timothy 1:5, in which the author writes to Timothy, "I am reminded of your sincere faith, a faith that dwelt first in your grandmother Lois and your mother Eunice and now, I am sure, dwells in you as well." (ESV) Many people who have commented on Eunice have also connected Eunice to 2 Tim. 3:15, where Timothy is reminded "how from childhood you have been acquainted with the sacred writings". For example, (ESV) Albert Barnes says "The mother of Timothy was a pious Hebrewess, and regarded it as one of the duties of her religion to train her son in the careful knowledge of the word of God."

Henry Lejeune

Henry Le Jeune (12 December 1819 – 5 October 1904) was a British painter. Today, he is mostly known for his landscapes and genre paintings. He became widely known for his paintings of children, and for his biblical scenes. He was elected an Associate Royal Academician.

Peckham

Peckham is a district in southeast London. It is part of the London Borough of Southwark. Peckham was previously part of Camberwell. About 15.000 people live in Peckham.

"Peckham" is a Saxon place name. It means the village of the River Peck. This is a small stream which ran openly through the district, but was closed over in 1823. Archaeological evidence indicates earlier Roman occupation in the area, although the name of this settlement is lost.

Peckham appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as Pecheham. It was held by the Bishop of Lisieux from Odo of Bayeux.

Peckham has a large ethnically diverse public housing estate. It a "deprived area".

FrogPhone

The FrogPhone is a machine that uses microphones to listen to frogs so scientists can study them and the places they live. It also has thermometers to measure how hot or cold it is in the air and water.
Scientists plan to place the FrogPhone machine in a swamp or other place where frogs live and then leave. The FrogPhone works off of two lithium batteries that are recharged by a solar panel. This way, the humans do not have to come back to change the batteries, so they do not disturb the plants or animals.

Scientists can use their cellular phones to call the FrogPhone and either listen to what is happening where the FrogPhone is at that time or make a recording to listen to later or to send to a database for other people. FrogPhone only works in places that have 3G/4G cell phone coverage, but scientists think it could be used with satellites in the future.

Australian scientists invented the FrogPhone in 2019. The team had members from the University of New South Wales at Canberra and the University of Canberra and they worked with the Australian Capital Territory, Region Frogwatch Program, and Australian National University. As of December 2019, FrogPhone has been tested but not used in the real world.

Carlton, Kansas

Carlton is a city in Dickinson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 40 people lived there.

Carlton was a station and shipping point on the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

A post office was opened in Carlton in 1872, and remained in operation until it was closed in 1995.

Carlton is found at (38.686663, -97.293159).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 40 people, 15 households, and 11 families living in Carlton.

The median age was 46.0 years. Of the people, 92.5% were White, 2.5% were from some other race, and 5.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 42 people, 16 households, and 14 families living in Carlton.

Carlton is a part of USD 473 Chapman. The Chapman High School mascot is Chapman Fighting Irish.


Manchester, Kansas

Manchester is a city in Dickinson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 47 people lived there.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) through Manchester to Superior, Nebraska. In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most people still call this railroad the "Santa Fe".

Manchester was first called Keystone, and was planned out in 1887. The name Manchester was adopted by 1890.

The post office in Manchester was closed in 1993.

Manchester is at (39.093313, -97.320156).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census says that there were 47 people, 21 households, and 12 families living in Manchester.

The median age was 50.5 years. All of the people were White and none were Hispanic or Latino.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 95 people, 38 households, and 24 families living in the city.

Manchester is a part of USD 473 Chapman. The Chapman High School mascot is Chapman Fighting Irish.


Banda Aceh

Banda Aceh is a city in Sumatra, Indonesia. Around 150,000 people there were killed in the tsunami on 26 December 2004. The long conflict between the Acehnese independence movement (GAM) and the Indonesian army (TNI) has been solved for the time being by the peace agreement on 15 August 2005. The peace process has been smooth since then.


Clyde, Kansas

Clyde is a city in Cloud County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 694 people lived there.

Clyde was planned out in 1867 that makes it the oldest town in Cloud County. It was named after the River Clyde, in Scotland. According to another source, it was named for Clyde, Ohio (which also is named indirectly for the River Clyde.)

Clyde experienced growth in 1877 when the Central Branch Railroad was built through it.

Clyde is at (39.59183, -97.400212).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 694 people, 287 households, and 181 families living in the city. Of the households, 79.1% owned their home and 20.9% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 95.5% were White, 0.9% were Native American, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 716 people, 297 households, and 194 families living in the city.

Clyde is part of the Clifton-Clyde Unified School District 224. The school district includes Clifton, Clyde, Vining, Ames, St. Joseph, and nearby rural areas of Clay, Cloud, Washington counties. The district has three schools:

The Clifton-Clyde High School mascot is Eagles. Before to school unification in 1981, the Clyde High School mascot was Bluejays.

The Clifton Cardinals won the state 1A football championship in 1969

The Clyde Bluejays won the Kansas State High School 1A Football championship in 1977 and the boys 1A Basketball championship in 1979.



Wheaton, Kansas

Wheaton is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 98 people lived there.

The first post office in Wheaton was founded in 1870. It was called Leghorn until 1883. The post office remained in operation until it was closed in 1992.

Wheaton is at (39.502205, -96.318574).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Wheaton is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, there were 98 people, 34 households, and 30 families living in Wheaton. Of the households, 85.3% owned their home and 14.7% rented their home.

The median age was 36.5 years. Of the people, 87.8% were White and 12.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.0% of the people.

As of the 2010 census, there were 95 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city.


Féchy

Féchy is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

British rock drummer Phil Collins lived in Féchy.


Sanger, California

Sanger is a city in Fresno County, California. It is almost 20 km east of Fresno. In 2020, 26,617 people lived there.

Rock Island, Oklahoma

Rock Island is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

University of Canberra

The University of Canberra (UC) is a university in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. It was founded in 1967 under the name Canberra College of Advanced Education.

The University of Canberra's Bruce campus is on land that used to belong to the Ngunnawal, one of many groups of people who lived in Australia before Europeans came. The name "Canberra" means "meeting place" in the Ngunnawal language.


Selma, California

Selma is a city is Fresno County, California. It is 24 kilometers southeast of Fresno. In 2020, 24,674 people lived there, much of them being African-American.


Mahidi

The Mahidi, which was an acronym for "Mati Hidup dengen Indonesia" meaning "Live and Die in Indonesia", was a militia in East Timor loyal to Indonesia. Started December 1998, they participated in the 1999 East Timorese crisis, and the group was one of the most violent of the armed forces during the crisis. They were linked to the which lead to around 200 deaths as well as other mass killings.

They were led to by the de Carvalho brothers whom human rights supporters accuse of many crimes. The group had been based in Ainaro.


Ajanta Caves

Ajanta Caves are about 30 caves located in the Indian state of Maharashtra. With Ellora Caves, they are among the most-visited sites in India. The Ajanta Caves have been made an UNESCO World Heritage site in 1983. They are located in a valley, about from the town of Ajanta, in the northwest of the state. Buddhist monks lived in the valley, from 2nd century BCE to about the 7th century CE. They used some of the caves to make temples. All the caves are located near a non- perennial river, which only has water during and shortly after Monsoon season. Most of the caves were also used for being lived in. Only four are designed to be temples . The most important caves also contain paintings.

The nearest train station is about away, at Jalgaon. Most often, tours operate from the city of Aurangabad, which is about to the south. The tours often include both cave systems.

Călărași County

Călărași () is a county (județ) of Romania on the border with Bulgaria, in Muntenia. The capital of Călărași County is Călărași.

Călărași County has an area of 5,088 km.

Călărași County has 2 municipalities, 3 towns and 50 communes



Ellora Caves

The Ellora Caves is the name for a number of caves in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The 34 caves are about north of Aurangabad. They are some of the most visited cave sites in India. They were made a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1983.

Wadi Bih

Wadi Bih is a wadi on the border between the United Arab Emirates and Oman.

Alimpești

Alimpești is a commune in Gorj County in Romania.

Grancy

Grancy is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Moiry, Switzerland

Moiry is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Mollens, Vaud

Mollens is a municipality in Morges in the Swiss canton of Vaud.

Mont-la-Ville

Mont-la-Ville is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Montricher

Montricher is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Ecublens, Vaud

Ecublens is a municipality in Ouest lausannois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is a suburb of Lausanne. The Lausanne metro line 1 and many bus lines come to Ecublens. The nearest train station is Renens.


Chavannes-près-Renens

Chavannes-près-Renens is a municipality in Ouest lausannois the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Pizy

Pizy was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It was in the district of Morges.

Pizy became part of the municipality of Aubonne on 1 July 2011.

Cybiko

The Cybiko is a handheld computer from Russia that was introduced in the United States by David Yang's company Cybiko Inc. in New York to test it in retail in April 2000. It was released in the rest of the United States in May 2000. It was designed to appeal to teenagers by being able to send text messages two ways using radio. Over 430 "official" freeware games and applications were released for the Cybiko. Because it could be used to send text messages, it had a QWERTY keyboard used with a stylus. An MP3 player add-on and a SmartMedia card reader were made for the Cybiko. The company stopped manufacturing the Cybiko after two product versions. Multiple Cybikos can communicate with each other from up to 300 metres (0.19 miles) away. Several Cybikos can be used for chatting with each other in a wireless chatroom. Over 500,000 Cybiko Classics were sold by the end of 2000.

There are two models of the Cybiko Classic. The only difference that can be seen between the two models is the original version has a power switch on the side, and the later version uses the "escape" key for power management. Internally, the differences between the two models are in the internal memory, and where the firmware is.

The CPU is a Hitachi H8S/2241 running at 11.0592 MHz. The Cybiko Classic also has an Atmel AT90S2313 co-processor running at 4 MHz so it can support RF communications. It comes with 512KB of ROM flash storage and 256KB of RAM. It comes with an add-on slot in the back.

The Cybiko Classic came in five colors: blue, purple, neon green, white, and black. The black version has a yellow keypad, instead of the white unit the other Cybikos have.

The add-on slot has the same pin arrangement as a PC card, but it is not electrically compatible.


The Cybiko Xtreme is the second-generation Cybiko handheld. It has various improvements over the original Cybiko, such as a faster processor, more RAM, more ROM, a new operating system, a new keyboard layout, a new case design, a bigger wireless range, a microphone, improved audio output and a smaller size.

The CPU is a Hitachi H8S/2323 running at 18 MHz. Just as with the original version, it also has an Atmel AT90S2313 co-processor running at 4 MHz so it can support RF communications. The Cybiko Extreme comes with 512KB ROM flash storage and 1.5MB RAM. It comes with an add-on slot in the back, but the only hardware released that can be connected to it is an MP3 player.

Two variants of the Cybiko Xtreme were released. The US variant (Model No. CY44801), which had a frequency range of 902-928 MHz, and the European variant (Model No. CY44802), which had a frequency range of 868-870 MHz. There were no other functional differences between those variants.


It is a add-on card that gave the Cybiko 1 megabyte of static RAM and 1 megabyte of flash storage. The RAM allowed Cybiko programs that need more RAM to run. The flash storage allows more Cybiko programs to be stored. Some Cybiko programs would not run if the 1MB Expansion Memory is not connected to the add-on slot.

83 (number)

Eighty-three is a number. It comes between eighty-two and eighty-four, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

84 (number)

Eighty-four is a number. It comes between eighty-three and eighty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 12, 14, 21, 28, 42, and 84.

85 (number)

Eighty-five is a number. It comes between eighty-four and eighty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 17, and 85.

91 (number)

Ninety-one is a number. It comes between ninety and ninety-two, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 7, 13, and 91.

86 (number)

Eighty-six is a number. It comes between eighty-five and eighty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 43, and 86.

René Metge

René Metge (23 October 1941 – 3 January 2024) was a professional rally driver from France. He won the Dakar Rally three times (in 1981, 1984 and 1986). He was born in Montrouge, France.

Metge started his career in international motor racing in the Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup in 1973. He got 28 points in the general classification there. In later years, Metge also appeared in the French Supertouring Championship, FIA World Endurance Championship, World Sportscar Championship, World Touring Car Championship, Porsche 944 Turbo Cup France, 24 Hours of Le Mans and European Touring Car Championship.

Metge died on 3 January 2024 at the age of 82.


Bayzo

Bayzo (3 April 1947 - 1 February 2018) whose name is Tony Camilleri was a Maltese singer born in St. Paul's Bay. He is known for his unique voice and songs such as "Qalu li raw", which was played at the Malta Song Festival in 1986.

During his sixty-year-long career, he had been one of the main singers of the "The Malta Bums". His song "L-Ewwel Tfajla li ħabbejt" remains known.

Bayzo, along with Freddie Portelli, Brethren Paul, Mario Perrone, Tony Muscat and Tony Bartolo, were meeting in the fields of St Paul's Bay areas and singing. From there, "The Malta Bums", originally known as "The Bums", were founded.

With The Malta Bums, Bayzo lived and played in Germany for six months, where he started Viva Malta at the end of 1967.

After having been separated from the Malta Bums, he merged his group "Bayzo's Clikka", which was active in many hotels and nightclubs, and took part in numerous festivals and musicals.

He went to a tour in Australia, Canada and the United States, where he sang and played for Maltese emigrants.

He represented Malta in some contests, in which it took part in Poland and Slovakia.

Bayzo was given a part in the RAI film "Cristoforo Colombo" (1984). Parts of the film were filmed in Malta and other parts of the film in the Dominican Republic. Bayzo spent six weeks on this set, along with actors John Suda and Lino Mintoff.

He had taken part in Dream, the first rock opera from Malta, which first played at the Manoel Theatre in 1974.

In 1982, he was one of the singers of The Lord, which was a popular rock opera in Malta, and was respected for his unique style, as well as always being patient.


Bayzo died on February 1, 2018 at age 70. Malta's Labour Party considered the death of Bayzo to be a major defeat to the Maltese musical scene because for years, he was known as one of the main people in Maltese music. While they remembered his international performances that promoted Maltese music, they especially referred to Bayzo's performances in rock operas.


Orny, Switzerland

Orny is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


La Sarraz

La Sarraz is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Saint-Oyens

Saint-Oyens is a municipality in Morges in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is near the Jura mountains.


Senarclens

Senarclens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Middle Low German

Middle Low German is a development step of the Low German language ("Niederdeutsch"). It was in use in the northern part of Germany. It developed from Old Saxon, in the Middle Ages. The first records date from the 13th century. It was one of the languages the Hanseatic League used. It also influenced the Nordic languages, such as Swedish, which took loanwords from it. At that time, it was also used for treaties and diplomacy. One of the surviving testimonies is the Sachsenspiegel.

Sévery

Sévery was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.

Pompaples

Pompaples is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Monnaz

Monnaz was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities Colombier, Monnaz and Saint-Saphorin-sur-Morges joined together to become a new municipality called Echichens.

Saint-Sulpice, Vaud

Saint-Sulpice is a municipality in Ouest lausannois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Saint-Prex

Saint-Prex is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. In 1973, Saint-Prex was awarded the Wakker Prize for the development and preservation of its older architecture.


Vullierens

Vullierens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


David Yang

David Yang may refer to:

Juice Wrld

Jarad Anthony Higgins (December 2, 1998 – December 8, 2019) was an American rapper, singer and songwriter. He was professionally known as Juice Wrld (stylized as Juice WRLD) He was born in Chicago, Illinois. His most popular songs are: "All Girls Are the Same" and "Lucid Dreams". With the success of these songs, he signed recording contracts with Interscope Records and Grade A Productions.

On December 8, 2019, Higgins died at Midway International Airport in Chicago at the age of 21. Higgins allegedly swallowed many Percocet pills to hide them from the police. He reportedly had a seizure from opioid overdose. He had an accidental overdose.


Bütschwil-Ganterschwil

Bütschwil-Ganterschwil is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Bütschwil and Ganterschwil joined together to become this new municipality, Bütschwil-Ganterschwil.


Ebnat-Kappel

Ebnat-Kappel is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


87 (number)

Eighty-seven is a number. It comes between eighty-six and eighty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 29, and 87.

Woodstock, Connecticut

Woodstock is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 8,221 at the 2020 census.

Dystonia

Dystonia is a neurological movement disorder syndrome in which it had repetitive muscle contractions result in twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal positions. The movements may look like tremors. Dystonia is often intensified or exacerbated by physical activity, and symptoms may progress into adjacent muscles.

Diophantine approximation

Diophantine approximation is a branch of number theory originally created by Diophantus for estimating any given real number as a ratio of two integers. Much of the current research into this topic is on whether or not this theory can be applied to algebraic numbers. Diophantine approximation is useful in a variety of areas in number theory, so this method is often used.

David Yang (violist)

David Yang is an American violist who was born in 1967 in New York City.

David Yang's main studies were with Martha Strongin Katz, Heidi Castleman, Karen Ritscher, and Stephen Wyrczynski. He is mainly known as a chamber musician and has worked with people who are part of groups such as the Tokyo String Quartet, Brentano String Quartet, Borromeo String Quartet, Cassatt String Quartet, Miro String Quartet, Vermeer String Quartet, and Trio Solisti, Trio Cavatina, and Eroica Piano Trio. In 2009, he was awarded special status from from the Independence Foundation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which is awarded to a small amount of artists. David Yang is the person in charge of chamber music at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, and is also the person in charge of art at the Newburyport Chamber Music Festival. He was one of the members of the string trio Ensemble Epomeo when it was founded. He has performed with Ensemble Epomeo all around Europe, Canada, and the USA. Because he advocates for new music, he has asked over twenty composers, such as Robert Capanna, Andrea Clearfield, Daniel Dorff, Cynthia Folio, Jeremy Gill, Gerald Levinson, David Ludwig, Robert Maggio, Jay Reise, Kile Smith, Dmitri Tymoczko, Anna Weesner, and Andrew Waggoner, to make pieces of music, and has performed the first performances of them. He is the person in charge of Auricolae, a group that tells stories and performs music. He composes music for Auricolae, and is on the list of members of Musicopia. He also holds a master's degree in architecture from the University of Pennsylvania and worked in the studio of Aldo Rossi and for Hugh Hardy.
Yang plays a viola Johannes Tielka, a viola da gamba maker, made in 1670 and Joseph Joachim, who was a 19th-century violin virtuoso who was the best friend of Johannes Brahms. He records for the record labels New Focus, Somm, and Avie.
His father was John Yang, a notable landscape photographer. His mother is Linda Gureasko Yang, who was the garden columnist for the New York Times. His sister was Naomi Yang, who was the player of electric bass for Galaxie 500, which is a cult alternative band that started in 1987 and ended in 1991.

https://web.archive.org/web/20110829030715/http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance/ensembles/chamber/musdir.html

Sanna Marin

Sanna Mirella Marin (born 16 November 1985) is a Finnish former politician. Marin was the Prime Minister of Finland from 2019 to 2023. She is a member of the Social Democrats. She was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 2015 to 2023. She was the Minister of Transport and Communications for a short time in 2019.

After Antti Rinne left his position as prime minister, the Social Democratic Party of Finland selected Marin as its candidate for the new prime minister on 8 December 2019. Taking office at age 34, she is the youngest person to hold the office in Finnish history.

As prime minister, Marin was in charge of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. She called out the human rights abuses of Uyghurs in Xinjiang and the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. With President Sauli Niinistö, she announced that Finland would apply for NATO membership in May 2022. She was also criticized, mainly because of a October 2020 photoshoot and leaked private party videos. In 2022, she was called by an "the icon of progressive leadership" by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The SDP finished third in the 2023 parliamentary election, ending Marin's time as prime minister in June 2023. Three months later, she retired from politics.

Sanna Mirella Marin was born on 16 November 1985 in Helsinki. Her parents split up when she was very young. The family faced financial problems and Marin's father, Lauri Marin, was an alcoholic. After her biological parents separated, Marin was brought up by her mother and her mother's female partner.

Marin graduated from the Pirkkala High School in 2004 at the age of 19. She joined the Social Democratic Youth in 2006 and was its first vice president from 2010 to 2012. She worked in a bakery and as a cashier while studying. She graduated with a bachelor's and master's degree in Administrative Science from the University of Tampere.

Marin's political career began when she was aged 20. She unsuccessfully ran for election to the City Council of Tampere, but was elected in the 2012 elections. She became chairperson of the City Council within months, from 2013 to 2017. In 2017, she was re-elected to the City Council.

Marin was elected second deputy chairperson of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 2014. In 2015, she was elected to the Finnish Parliament as an MP from the electoral district of Pirkanmaa. Four years later, she was re-elected. On 6 June 2019, she became the Minister of Transport and Communications.

On 23 August 2020, Marin was elected chair of the SDP, replacing Antti Rinne.

In December 2019, Marin was nominated by the Social Democratic Party to replace Antti Rinne as the Prime Minister of Finland, but Rinne stayed as party leader until June 2020. By a small amount of votes, Marin beat Antti Lindtman to become prime minister. A majority of the ministers in her cabinet are women, 12 out of 19 at the time of the cabinet's creation. She is the third female head of government in Finland, after Anneli Jäätteenmäki and Mari Kiviniemi.

When she was confirmed by Parliament at the age of 34, she became Finland's youngest-ever prime minister, and was the youngest state leader until Sebastian Kurz became Chancellor of Austria again in January 2020.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Marin's cabinet declared a state of emergency in Finland to stop the epidemic in the country. When Swedish prime minister Stefan Löfven could not attend a European Council meeting in October 2020, Marin also represented Sweden in the meeting. Marin later asked Löfven to represent Finland at a Council meeting later that month.

In October 2020, Marin took part in a photo shoot for the Finnish magazine "" in which she wore a blazer with nothing underneath, causing controversy while her supporters called the critics sexist.

In May 2021, Finnish media reported that Marin and her family were paying about €300 per month for groceries with public funds as a part of the Prime Minister's tax-free housing benefits. This was legally questioned if a prime minister was able to do this. Marin had used around 14.000 euro for her own food, which was over the limit of 2500 euro. Marin claimed that she did not know the limit.

In early December 2021, Marin went celebrating in a nightclub in Helsinki hours after being in close contact with Finland's foreign minister who had tested positive for COVID-19, making her exposed to the disease. Two text messages were sent to Marin's government phone saying that she should be quarantined. However, Marin missed the messages because she was not carrying the phone at the time. According to the government instructions, the Prime Minister should always have the governmental phone. She apologized on Facebook and said that she had been told that going out in public was allowed because she was vaccinated. Two complaints about Marin's actions were sent to the Chancellor of Justice. Important members of the coalition party Centre Party said that Marin had lied to them by chaning her reasoning of going out.

In early 2022, Marin announced her support of Finland joining NATO, causing a negative reaction from Russia. After the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Marin strongly wanted Finland to join NATO and called on several NATO countries to support their membership. On 25 February, a Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson threatened Finland and Sweden with "military and political consequences" if they tried to join NATO. 

On 12 May 2022, ten weeks after the beginning of the invasion, President Sauli Niinistö and Marin both said that "Finland must apply for NATO membership without delay" and that a NATO membership would be good for the country's security. On 15 May, Niinistö and Marin announced that Finland would apply for NATO membership, and on 17 May the Finnish parliament approved the proposal 188-8. She said her country did not want permanent NATO bases or nuclear weapons on its territory. On 31 May, she supported a deal agreed by all European Union leaders to ban more than 90% of Russian oil by the end of the year.

In August 2022, another video showed Marin dancing at another party, which caused controversy because people thought Marin was on drugs while dancing at the party. Marin took a drug test on her own to prove she was not on drugs and on 22 August, the results of the test came out negative for drugs in her system.

In October 2022, Marin apologised to the indigenous Sámi people for the problems in the reform of the Sámi human rights legislation. The legislation has been proposed for three parliamentary terms without any progress. In November, ministers voted 11–3 to send the legislation to the Finnish Parliament. On 24 February 2023, the constitutional law committee voted 9–7 to suspend work on the bill, preventing the legislation from being passed.

In March 2023, the SDP finished third in the 2023 parliamentary election, and soon acknowledged her defeat.

On 7 September 2023, Marin announced her plans to resign as an MP to work as a strategic advisor at the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change. On 12 September 2023 she formally resigned from the Finnish Parliament.

On 28 September 2023, it was reported that she had signed with talent agency Range Media Partners.

In January 2024, Marin started working in a new committee called "International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine". According to a statement released by the Ukrainian president's office, the committee's primary role is to create a plan for Ukraine's closer engagement with the Euro-Atlantic security area.

In January 2018, Marin and her fiancé, football player Markus Räikkönen, had a daughter, Emma. In August 2020, Marin and Räikkönen were married at the prime minister's official residence, Kesäranta. The couple divorced in May 2023, after 19 years together.

Marin said she came from a "rainbow family", as she was raised by same-sex parents. She was the first person in her family to go to a university.

Marin is a vegetarian.

Marin was on the list of the BBC's "100 Women" in 2020. That same year, she was chosen by "Forbes" on the list of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women. In 2020 she became a "Young Global Leader" of the World Economic Forum. In December 2022, The Australian Broadcasting Corporation named Marin as the icon of progressive leadership.


Antti Rinne

Antti Juhani Rinne () (born 3 November 1962) is a Finnish politician. He was Prime Minister of Finland from June to December 2019 and Leader of the Social Democratic Party since 2014. 

He was Minister of Finance and Deputy Prime Minister of Finland between 2014 and 2015 and has been a Member of Parliament since 2015. 

Inge Lehmann

Inge Lehmann (13 May 1888 – 21 February 1993) was a Danish seismologist and geophysicist.

In 1925, Lehmann was the assistant of seismologist Niels Erik Nørlund. In 1928 she was made head of the Geodætisk Institut's seismological department. in 1936, she co-founded the Danish Geophysical Society.

She used maths to analyze the way energy released by earthquakes travels through the Earth. She discovered that at its center, the Earth is solid . In fact, it has a solid inner core and a liquid outer core. 

Lehmann is remarkable in that she is one of the longest-lived scientists in history, living to 104 years of age. Her father, Alfred Georg Ludvik Lehmann, was a psychologist and her mother, Ida Sophie Torsleff, was a housewife. Both parents came from prominent families. Inge was a very shy girl who did not enjoy being in the spot . She continued to be shy throughout her long life . She went to a private coeducational school called Faellesskolen which translates as shared school. The school was new: it had been founded when Inge was 5 years old by Hanna Adler, a wealthy woman.. Hanna Adler's new school was unusual in that boys and girls were treated equally, poring over the same topic and taking part in the same sports and activities. The children were not disciplined as rigorously as in other schools . Inge Lehmann enjoyed her time at the Fællesskolen, but she was sometimes bored because she did not feel challenged enough by the schoolwork. In 1906, at age 18, she passed the entrance examination for Copenhagen University with a first rank mark. She studied mathematics, chemistry and physics at the University of Copenhagen in 1907. She finally graduated in 1920. 

Rosetta Code

Rosetta Code is a wiki-based website that features ways to solve various programming problems in many different programming languages.

Rosetta Code was created in 2007 by Michael Mol. The site's content is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License 1.2, though some components may have two licenses under less strict terms.

Rosetta Code's collection of code examples shows how the functionality the user desires is achieved differently in various ways, and how "the same" task can be done in different programming languages.

, Rosetta Code has:

The Rosetta Code site is organized as a browsable cross-section of programming problems and programming languages. A programming problem's page displays solutions contributed by visitors in various programming languages, allowing someone who views the solution to compare the solution to the programming problem.

Each programming language has its own page, which contains a list of programming problems that have solutions in that programming language. For example, a task that has a solution in the C programming language will appear in the listing for the C programming language, and if the same task has a solution in the Ruby programming language, the task will also appear in the listing for the Ruby programming language.

Some programming languages that are listed on Rosetta Code are:
A list of all programming languages that have solutions to programming problems on Rosetta Code is available.

Some tasks that are listed on Rosetta Code are:

Munchkin cat

A Munchkin cat is a type of cat breed that is a medium sized cat weighing 4 to 9 lbs. A Munchkin cat is best known for its short legs and outgoing personality.

A munchkin cat can range from a wide range of prices depending on factors like gender or the cats color, whether they are a purebred seller or a private seller. Female cats can be more money because they can have kittens. Baby cats tend to cost more and the adult cats cost less. The prices for these cats can be $500 (U.S) to $1200 (U.S) . 

A Munchkin cat are loving and friendly. These cats want to be around humans. They love hugs and love to be pet. Munchkin cats get along with other cats Munchkins get along with dogs. These cats make great indoor cats and can hunt mice. Munchkin cats live 12 to 14 years and come in all types of colors and patterns. Munchkin cat eyes come in any color. 

The care for a munchkin cat is important. Care for these cats includes brushing their fur once a week and to have water and food for the cat. These cats need a mix of wet food because it has vitamins and dry food for a healthy diet. Munchkins also need a lot of exercise. Having fake mice and a lot of different toys is good.

101955 Bennu

101955 Bennu (provisional designation ) is a carbonaceous asteroid in the Apollo group discovered by the LINEAR Project on 11 September 1999.

Bennu has a 1 in 2,700 chance of hitting Earth between the year 2175 and 2199.

It is named after the Bennu, the ancient Egyptian mythological bird associated with the Sun, creation, and rebirth.

Bennu has an average diameter of .

Bennu was the target of the OSIRIS-REx mission which returned samples to Earth in 2023 for further study.

Bennu is the second-highest on the cumulative rating on the Palermo technical impact hazard scale.

It is believed that Bennu broke off from another asteroid in the asteroid belt, but the gravitational pull of Saturn dislodged it into the range of Earth.

Bennu orbits the Sun every 1.2 years. It comes within 0.002 astronomical units of the earth every 6 years.

Some believe that if Bennu enters a specific hole between the earth and the moon its orbit could change in a way that would make it likely to hit Earth.

Kenneth Allen Taylor

Kenneth Allen Taylor (1954 – December 2, 2019) was an American philosopher and radio personality. He was known for being the co-host (with John Perry) of the radio program "Philosophy Talk". Taylor was born in Sandusky, Ohio.

Taylor died on December 2, 2019 of a heart attack in Stanford, California at the age of 65.

Sandusky, Ohio

Sandusky is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Erie County. 

According to 2020 census, the city had a population of 25,095.

In 2011, Sandusky was ranked No. 1 by "Forbes" as the "Best Place to Live Cheaply" in the United States.

John Perry (philosopher)

John Richard Perry (born January 16, 1943) is an American philosopher and radio personality. He is a Henry Waldgrave Stuart Professor of Philosophy Emeritus at Stanford University and Distinguished Professor of Philosophy Emeritus at the University of California, Riverside. 

He is known primarily for his work on situation semantics (together with Jon Barwise), reflexivity, indexicality, personal identity, and self-knowledge. Along with Kenneth Allen Taylor, he hosted "Philosophy Talk".

Perry was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. He studied at Cornell University.

He was awarded the Jean Nicod Prize in 1999. He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.


George J. Laurer

George Joseph Laurer (September 23, 1925 – December 5, 2019) was an American engineer. He developed the Universal Product Code, commonly known as the barcode, in 1973. As an engineer at IBM, he was asked to develop the pattern used for the Universal Product Code. 

Laurer died at his home in Wendell, North Carolina on December 5, 2019 at the age of 94.


Wendell, North Carolina

Wendell is a town in Wake County, North Carolina United States. The population was 9,793 at the 2020 census.

Piet Huyg

Piet Huyg (19 March 1951 – 6 December 2019) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a defender. He played 349 games with HFC Haarlem, mostly in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

Huyg died on 6 December 2019 at the age of 68 of Alzheimer's disease.

Irena Laskowska

Irena Laskowska (15 March 1925 – 6 December 2019) was a Polish actress. She appeared in more than 40 movies and television shows between 1948 and 2003. Laskowska was known for her roles in "The Last Day of Summer" (1958), "Milczące ślady" (1961), "Salto" (1965), "Hunting Flies" (1969), "Everything for Sale" (1969) and in "Pornografia" (2003).

Laskowska was born in Kraków. He died on 6 December 2019 in Warsaw at the age of 94.

Zvonimir Vujin

Zvonimir "Zvonko" Vujin (23 July 1943 - 8 December 2019) was a Serbian amateur boxer. He competed in the 1968 and 1972 Olympics for Yugoslavia and won bronze medals on both occasions. In 1967 he won a silver medal at the European championships and a gold at the Mediterranean Games. He was born in Zrenjanin.

He died on 8 December 2019 in Zrenjanin, Serbia at the age of 76.

Ice Bucket Challenge

The Ice Bucket Challenge, sometimes called the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, was a viral challenge in which people would dump a bucket of ice water over a person's head, either by another person or by themselves. This was done to promote awareness of the disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as motor neuron disease and in the US as Lou Gehrig's disease) and encourage donations to research. 

It went viral on social media during July–August 2014. 

The challenge made the most money for charity of any social media trend in history. Each time someone did the ice bucket challenge they then challenged a friend to do it. If the friend did not do the challenge within 24 hours, they were supposed to donate $100 USD towards ALS. However, most people gave money even if they did complete the challenge. The number of views the videos got meant that almost 28 million people gave money, with the average donation being around $5. People raised more than $115 million for ALS. Over 100 research projects were started around the world with the money and 22 new drugs were developed. Before the challenge, the ALS association received $6 million a year to spend on research but after the challenge their revenue has grown to 19 million a year. 

Reinhard Bonnke

Reinhard Bonnke (April 19, 1940 – December 7, 2019) was a German-American Pentecostal evangelist. He was known for his gospel missions throughout Africa. Bonnke was an evangelist and missionary in Africa, starting in 1967.

Bonnke's autobiography, "Living a Life of Fire", is a collection of stories of his life.

Bonnke died on December 7, 2019 in Orlando, Florida at the age of 79. The cause of death was femur surgery-related problems.


Bump Elliott

Chalmers William "Bump" Elliott (January 30, 1925 – December 7, 2019) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised in Bloomington, Illinois.

He played halfback at Purdue University (1943–1944) and the University of Michigan (1946–1947). Elliott spent ten years as an assistant football coach at Oregon State, Iowa, and Michigan. He was appointed as Michigan's head football coach in 1959 and held that position until 1968.

From 1970 to 1991, he was the athletic director at the University of Iowa. In 1989, Elliott was added into the College Football Hall of Fame.

Elliott died on December 7, 2019 in Iowa City, Iowa at the age of 94.


Giuseppe Frigo

Giuseppe Frigo (30 March 1935 – 7 December 2019) was an Italian judge. He was a judge on the Constitutional Court of Italy from 23 October 2008 to 7 November 2016. He retired on 7 November 2016, citing health reasons. He was born in Brescia, Italy.

Frigo died in Brescia on 7 December 2019 at the age of 84.

Herbert Joos

Herbert Joos (21 March 1940 – 7 December 2019) was a German jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist and graphic designer. He made recordings solo and in groups. He worked with the Vienna Art Orchestra. In 2017, he received the Jazzpreis Baden-Württemberg for his life's work.

He played at festivals and in the of the SWF at a flugelhorn workshop with Kenny Wheeler, Ian Carr, Harry Beckett and Ack van Rooyen and made a name for himself with his solo recording, "The Philosophy of the Flugelhorn" in 1973.

Joos died on 7 December 2019 after surgery in a Baden-Baden hospital at the age of 79.

Ali Mufuruki

Ali Mufuruki (1959 – December 7, 2019) was a Tanzanian businessman, author, founder and board member of several organisations. He was the founder of Infotech Investment Group. He was the board chairman of Vodacom Tanzania and Wananchi Group Holdings. He was the co-author of the book "Tanzania's Industrialisation Journey, 2016–2056".

He died on 7 December 2019 at the Morningside Hospital in Johannesburg.

Zaza Urushadze

Zaza Urushadze (; 30 October 1965 — 7 December 2019) was a Georgian movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Tbilisi. His first movie, "Here Comes the Dawn" (1998) was very successful and participated in many international film festivals. His other movie "Tangerines" was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards. He died of a heart attack on 7 December 2019.

Paweł Pawlikowski

Paweł Aleksander Pawlikowski (; born 15 September 1957) is a Polish filmmaker. His best known movies are "Last Resort" and "My Summer of Love". His movie "Ida" won the 2015 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

At the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, Pawlikowski won the Best Director prize for his 2018 movie "Cold War", a movie which also earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director and Best Foreign Language Film.


Ron Saunders

Ronald Saunders (6 November 1932 – 7 December 2019) was an English football player and manager. He played for Everton, Gillingham, Portsmouth, Watford and Charlton Athletic.

He managed seven clubs in 20 years, and he was the only manager to have taken charge of Aston Villa, Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion.

He died on 7 December 2019, aged 87.

St. Joseph County, Indiana

St. Joseph County, commonly called St. Joe County by locals, is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of Census 2020, the population was 272,912. The county seat is South Bend.

2019 Whakaari / White Island eruption

The volcanic island Whakaari, also called White Island, explosively erupted in New Zealand's northeastern Bay of Plenty region on 9 December 2019 at 2:11 pm NZDT. There were 47 people on or near the island at the time. The amount of people killed is currently 22, including 2 people that went missing and are believed to be dead. 25 people were injured, many critically.

White Island is a popular tourist attraction. In the days leading up to the eruption, the volcano on White Island became more unstable, causing an earthquake at one point. Although the volcano's alert level increased, tours of White Island continued.

When the volcano erupted, it sent rock, volcanic ash, and super-hot gas into the air. This hot gas burned the people on the island, causing deaths and injuries. The type of eruption was a phreatic eruption, where water heated by magma turns into steam and causes an explosion.

WorkSafe New Zealand, New Zealand's primary workplace safety organization, launched an investigation into the disaster alongside New Zealand police. WorkSafe New Zealand later charged 3 people (the owners of White Island) and 10 organizations.

Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said that "the scale of this tragedy is devastating".

Holbrook, Arizona

Holbrook () is a city in Navajo County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of the city was 4,858. The city is the county seat of Navajo County.

Holding Out for a Hero

"Holding Out for a Hero" is a song recorded by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler for the soundtrack to the 1984 movie "Footloose", and later included on her 1986 album "Secret Dreams and Forbidden Fire". 

It was written by Jim Steinman and Dean Pitchford. The song only just reached the Top 100 in the UK Singles Chart, but made it to number 2 the following year, and re-entered the charts again at number 69 in 1991. The song reached No. 1 on the Irish Singles Chart on 28 September 1985. It reached the top 40 in the United States and Canada.

The song later become popular after Jennifer Saunders recorded the song for the 2004 movie "Shrek 2".

Total Eclipse of the Heart

"Total Eclipse of the Heart" is a song recorded by Bonnie Tyler. It was written and produced by Jim Steinman, and released on Tyler's fifth studio album, "Faster Than the Speed of Night" (1983). The song was released as a single by Columbia Records on 11 February 1983 in the United Kingdom and on 31 May 1983 in the United States.

Worldwide, the single has created 6 million copies and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over 1 million copies after its release. In 2015, the song was voted by the British public as the nation's third favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.

In early 2021, the Marsh family, a couple with four children in Faversham, Kent, produced a parody version titled "Totally Fixed Where We Are." The lyrics express the feelings of people in the U.K. under a third lockdown during the 2020/2021 Covid-19 pandemic. The video was uploaded to YouTube on February 2, 2021, and in less than a week got over 1.4 million views.

UKF

UKF is a Label Started in 2007 Offering a wide variety of Genre's in Techno. Sub-Genre's such as Drum & Bass & Dubstep made it a success. most notable artists can be people such as Bare Noize, Macky Gee & Fox Stevenson.

UKF TOP TRACKS

It's a Heartache

"It's a Heartache" is a song recorded by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler for her second studio album, "Natural Force" (1978). The song was recorded in the same year by Juice Newton as a standalone single.

Tyler's version received positive reviews from music critics. The song reached number three in the United States and number four in the United Kingdom. Tyler's version is one of the best-selling singles of all time. 

Jim Steinman

James Richard Steinman (November 1, 1947 – April 19, 2021) was an American composer, singer, lyricist, record producer, and playwright.

Steinman died on April 19, 2021 at a hospital in Connecticut from a "sudden medical emergency", aged 73.


Gavriil Kharitonovich Popov

Gavriil Kharitonovich Popov (; born 31 October 1936) is a Russian politician and economist. He was the Mayor of Moscow from 1990 until he resigned in 1992.

Mayor of Moscow

The Mayor of the City of Moscow is head of the executive branch of the political system in Moscow, the Government of Moscow. The mayor's office is in charge of all city services, public property, police and fire protection, most public agencies, and enforces all city and state laws within Moscow.

The budget overseen by the mayor's office is the largest municipal budget in the Russian Federation.


Vladimir Resin

Vladimir Iosifovich Resin (; ; born 21 February 1936) is a Russian politician. He was the acting mayor of Moscow, appointed by Russian president Dmitry Medvedev to replace Yury Luzhkov on 28 September 2010. Resin was the first deputy mayor under Luzhkov.

Sergey Sobyanin

Sergey Semyonovich Sobyanin (; born 21 June 1958) is a Russian politician. He has been the 3rd and current Mayor of Moscow since 21 October 2010. He has been widely criticized for banning gay pride parades in Moscow.

William Joseph McDonough

William Joseph McDonough (April 21, 1934 – January 22, 2018) was an American economist. He was a vice chairman and special advisor to the chairman at Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc.. He was the 8th President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 1993 through 2003. McDonough was born in Chicago.

McDonough died on January 22, 2018 of heart failure at his home in Waccabuc, New York at the age of 83.


Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago

The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago (informally the Chicago Fed) is one of twelve regional Reserve Banks that, along with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the nation's central bank.

The Chicago Reserve Bank serves the Seventh Federal Reserve District, which encompasses the northern portions of Illinois and Indiana, southern Wisconsin, the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, and the state of Iowa.

Charles L. Evans is the president of the Chicago Fed. He took office on September 1, 2007 as the ninth president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.

Charles L. Evans

Charles L. Evans (born January 15, 1958) is an American economist and banker. He is the ninth president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. He is on the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), the Federal Reserve System's monetary policy-making body.


Michael H. Moskow

Michael H. Moskow (born January 7, 1938) is an American economist. He is the vice chairman and distinguished fellow on the global economy at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.

From 1994 to 2007, he was President and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.

Marie Fredriksson

Gun-Marie Fredriksson, known as Marie Fredriksson (; 30 May 1958 – 9 December 2019) was a Swedish pop rock singer-songwriter, pianist and painter. She was born in Össjö, Sweden.

Fredriksson was known for forming pop rock duo Roxette in 1986 alongside Per Gessle. They are known for their six top two hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100: "The Look", "Listen to Your Heart", "Dangerous", "It Must Have Been Love", "Joyride" and "Fading Like a Flower (Every Time You Leave)".

She had a solo career for a short time which included her single "Sparvöga" and two albums "Den ständiga resan" (1992) and "I en tid som vår" (1996) from 1989 through 1997.

In 2002, Fredriksson was diagnosed with a brain tumour. She died from problems caused by the disease on 9 December 2019 in Danderyd Municipality, Sweden at the age of 61.


Kit Kat

Kit Kat is a chocolate bar made from wafers created by Rowntree's of York, United Kingdom, and is now is made globally by Nestlé. The standard bars consist of two or four pieces composed of three layers of wafer, separated and covered by an outer layer of chocolate. Each finger can be snapped from the bar separately. There are many different flavours of Kit Kat, including milk, white, and dark chocolate. It was launched on 29 August 1935.


Per Gessle

Per Håkan Gessle (; born 12 January 1959) is a Swedish pop singer-songwriter, guitarist, and harmonicist. He is the lead singer of the Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider and formed Roxette with Marie Fredriksson.

Techmoan

Matthew Julius "Mat" Taylor (born January 1971), better known by his stage name Techmoan, is a YouTuber and blogger who has been active since May 2009, featuring reviews of consumer electronics (or consumer tech) and "RetroTech" documentaries. He lives in Wigan, Greater Manchester. 

The Daily Telegraph and Gizmodo has quoted his statements. MarketWatch listed the YouTube Channel 6th in its "binge-watching" top ten using ratings on Reddit.

Websites such as AVclub, Gizmodo, Hackaday, El Español and Popular Mechanics reference his videos.

In 2006, Taylor started a YouTube channel called "Vectrexuk", with videos of similar items of technology, such as installing a home cinema and controlled toasters, to prove people will watch anything on YouTube.

The channel "Techmoan" was started on May 31, 2009. The first video uploaded on Techmoan was a tour of a 2009 Piaggio MP3, which was filmed at 480p and had a very basic sound quality. In 2015, he started another channel, called "Youtube Pedant", to host videos not about technology. In 2016, in a video covering the DVHS format, he uncovered 1080p video footage of New York City from 1993. This footage was uploaded separately to his "Youtube Pedant" channel where, as of December 2019, it has received 3.8 million views, and it has also been widely shared on websites such as Reddit and The Verge. As of June 2019, the main channel has over 870,000 subscribers and over 180 million views. Some videos on the main channel have had over 3 million views.

Techmoan has made documentary videos that are about forgotten magnetic tape recording formats, such as the OMNI Entertainment System, which uses 8-track tape storage, and the HiPac, a successor of the PlayTape and related uses of it. Other videos show some of the smallest and largest analog recording tape cartridges ever made, such as the Picocassette for dictation machines or the Cantata 700 background music system. Further videos show other discontinued ¼-inch-tape cartridge formats, such as the Sabamobil, which uses existing 3-inch open reels in a portable format, and the portable Sanyo Micro Pack 35, as well as RCA tape cartridge and the Sony Elcaset with another compromise of playtime and sound quality, oddities and gimmicks on Compact Cassettes as "reinventing the reel", several ways of autoreverse, automatic multiple cassette players, endless loop cassettes, and cassette mass production technology.

Other documentary videos Techmoan has made are about formats of vinyl recording, such as the Tefifon endless cartridge, the Seeburg 1000 background music system, vertical turntables, and other audio encodings CX and dbx, which are systems that were designed to reduce noise on vinyl records.

Further documentaries show other items, such as the mechanical Curta calculator, devices with Nixie tube displays, wire recording, and the WikiReader.


Dan Tillberg

Dan Arne Tillberg (born 9 April 1953 in Ystad) is a Swedish artist and producer. He is the son of Arne Tillberg and Ettie Tillberg.

Dan Tillberg started his career in 1973 as a singer, guitarist and percussionist in the progg-influenced duo Änglabarn, along with Sven Ingmar Olsson. In 1977, he started his own recording studio in Malmö, Bellatrix, and a record label of the same name in 1978.

In 1979, his first LP, Gatstenar, came out, which had Swedish-language cover versions of Rolling Stones songs on it. In 1981, this was followed by the LP "Mors och fars kärlek", which made him successful. The next year, his next LP, Kärlek minus noll, came out, which featured Swedish-language cover versions of Bob Dylan songs. In 1983, his next LP, "Genom tårar", was released, followed by "Erogena zoner" in 1985, which might have become his biggest success.

In Melodifestivalen 1985, he came in second place with ""Ta min hand"", and also took part in Melodifestivalen 1986 with " "ABCD"". In 1987, his LP "Raka vägen till paradiset" was released, which was his last LP released before a long break. In 1986, Tillberg starred in an episode of the TV series ""Skånska mord"", with Ernst-Hugo Järegård in the lead role.

After that, he became less popular, and he went on to run an advertising company, which became bankrupt in 2001. Then he began to devote himself to music again and released some CD singles. These were followed in 2005 by Akten tar gestalt, an album that came out on two CDs and has a collection of his old songs on it, released on Mixed Media Records, a record label he started with Rickard Mattsson, also in 2005. The record label, which borrowed its name from the band Mixed Media, which was previously signed to Tillberg's former record label, Bellatrix, is now bankrupt, and the record label business with the associated recording studio has ended. While Tillberg worked as a producer, he was active in the kitchen industry through the companies Köket i första rummet AB and Skånekök & Måleri AB.


Barrie Keeffe

Barrie Colin Keeffe (31 October 1945 - 10 December 2019) was an English dramatist and screenwriter. He was best known for his screenplay for the 1980 movie "The Long Good Friday". In 2010, his screenplay for "Sus" was one of his last works.

Keeffe died on 10 December 2019 in London after a short-illness, aged 74.

Brandi Chastain

Brandi Chastain (born July 21, 1968) is an American retired soccer player.

Chastain is known for winning the 1999 Women's World Cup against China. The US beat China in a penalty shootout, and Chastain closed the deal by scoring the last penalty kick. For her celebration, she took off her shirt and had both fists in the air signaling the win in joy. Her celebration seemed strange to many people because women rarely took off their shirts during celebrations. 

Brandi helped start a Bay Area sports initiative where they help teach third-fifth graders health issues. She is in the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame, American Freshman Player of the Year in 1986, First Team All Far West in 1989, and First Team All American in 1996. She was also a member of the gold medal Olympic winning soccer team in 1996, a member of the Women’s World Cup All Star team in 1999, and a member of the silver medal winning Olympic soccer team in 2000.

Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen

Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen is an American philanthropist, which means she gives money to help other people.

Laura Arillaga-Andreessen always wanted to help other people. She was born around 1970 in Palo Alto, California. She is famous for being generous. In seventh grade, Laura became aware of families that were less fortunate communities and decided to donate her life to philanthropy. Arillaga-Andreessen's mom helped at Children and Family Services in Palo Alto. Watching her mom, she learned that some other people did not have everything they need to live. Later on she was able to volunteer with the Ecumenical Hunger Program. She is the daughter of a real estate billionaire. She did not know her family was wealthy until she reached high school.

Arillaga-Andreessen attended Castilleja School for high school. She went to college at Stanford University. Her mom was diagnosed with lung cancer, which stoped Laura from going to Stanford Business School.

Laura has written a best selling book on philanthropy called "Giving 2.0". She also founded the Marc and Laura Andreessen Foundation, which gives money to Bay Area nonprofits. She teaches classes about the idea that “giving away money is easy- doing so effectively is much harder.” Laura has won the Henry Crown Fellow of Aspen Institute and the Jacqueline Kennedy Award for Women Leadership all for her work in philanthropy. 

Tara Vanderveer

Tara Vanderveer (born June 26, 1953) is an American basketball coach. As a kid, Vanderveer taught herself basketball. She first played in Indiana. Soon after Vanderveer set out to be a teacher. She enrolled in a coaching clinic run by Bobby Knight. Out of 500 men, Vanderveer was the only woman. In 1990, Vanderveer coached at Stanford. She has won two NCAA titles, an Olympic Gold Medal, and 11 final fours. Vanderveer only coached to be a teacher; she loved teaching. Vanderveer has been known to give low-key demands also known as “Tar-isms”. “You’re a Ferrari; quit driving like a Volkswagen” “That ‘S’ on your chest stands for ‘Stanford’, not ‘Stupid’, so play like it. ” A former student mentioned she was a brilliant coach. To her, Tara Vanderveer is an Educator. 

Alice Waters

Alice Waters (born April 28, 1944) is an American chef.

Alice Waters later founded the edible food project. Not only did she receive a national humanity reward in 1997, but she also helped over 5,000 schools. Many people appreciate Alice’s hard work and determination to build a more organic and healthy environment in the food industry. 

Alice Waters was always inspired by her father. he influenced her throughout her entire career and to this day she remembers how her father had a huge impact on her life. Not only was she inspired by her father, but she also attended U.C Berkley which was the school that her father attended when he was her age. Although she was supported by her family during her career and that later helped her dreams come true. One day she realized that her gender had a couple of bonuses to it. She could use her gender to get what she wanted. One instance is when she asked her meat guy if he could give her a little bit of help, he then realized that he would have to help this damsel in distress.

Dominique Crenn

Dominique Crenn (born 1965) is a French chef. Crenn is the only woman to have earned 3 Michelin stars at her restaurant. Crenn’s restaurant is called Atelier Crenn, and is located in San Francisco. Dominique Crenn moved from France to the US at around age 20. She already had experience with cooking when she was younger, learning how to bake from her grandmother. One thing she is very famous for is her creative but luxurious food she also likes putting on a show. For example, she likes to cook in front of you, or make the food look really beautiful.

In the first cookbook she wrote called Atelier Crenn, she writes about her struggles and successes.  When she first started working in a restaurant she noticed that there were very very few women. over the course of her career, she had to deal with male chefs and a lot of discrimination. In an interview with David Green, she says quote “ I will cut them” as a joke. She says that she does not like to fight physically or with violence. She will fight back with words. Another fact about her is that she fully supports the march of dimes. 

Maha Elgenaidi

Maha Elgenaidi is an activist in the United Sates. She fights Islamophobia. Elgenaidi works to normalize the existence of Muslim Americans in communities in the United States. She fights for safety of Muslim Americans. She also fights all hate based on religion, including Antisemitism. Elgenaidi organizes interfaith conversations. She is best known for founding Islamic Networks Group (ING). She is recognized as a "prominent Islamic American writer." 

Elgenaidi's family came to the United States from Egypt. Her parents suggested she return to Egypt for college. They wanted her to learn about her background. She decided to study math at the American University in Cairo. She graduated with degrees in economics and political science. She returned to the United States to attend graduate school. 

Growing up, Elgenaidi worried that Islam was sexist. She did not follow Islam. After returning to the United Sates she started learning about Judaism, Buddhism, and Christianity. She then studied Islam. She changed her thinking about her own religion. She decided that Islam was very inclusive to other religions. She decided that the best way to change someone’s views is to educate them.

Elgenaidi's first work was in market analysis.

Maha’s career started when she noticed that people were thinking badly about Muslims and the religion of Islam. She noticed that many of these unkind thoughts were from lack of education. This led to her career in educating people about Islam. She has worked with the general public, police, businesses and health care workers. Her goal was to help other Americans see Muslim Americans as real people.

Elgenaidi and Ameena Jandali founded Islamic Networks Group in 1993. It is located in the San Francisco Bay Area, in California, United States. Their original name was " Bay Area Media Watch." They wanted fight against incorrect comments about American Muslims in the media. After six months they decided that getting angry at the media was not helpful. It was better to educate reporters. They started having "conversations" with news companies about new ways to write about Muslim Americans. First they worked with around fifty media companies in the San Francisco Bay Area. Then, Elgenaidi worked with other news companies, like The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Time and Newsweek.

Elgenaidi and ING started a Speaker's Bureau and trained other Muslim Americans to talk about Muslim people in America and religious pluralism. By 2006, ING had speakers in 20 states, Canada and the United Kingdom. ING was a founding member of the Obama administration's "Know Your Neighbor" campaign to fight islamophobia and antisemitism. The White House selected ING to continue Know Your Neighbor when Donald Trump was elected president in 2016.

ING now has three speakers bureaus, including teen and adult speakers: Intercultural Speakers Bureau, the Interfaith Speakers Bureau, and the Islamic Speakers Bureau. They train teachers in all fifty states.

ING's main focus is organizing a group of educators who go to different communities and schools to teach people about Islam. She has won many awards for her efforts, including the Civil Rights Leadership Award, Citizen of the Year, and Dorothy Irene Height Community Award.

Julia Morgan

Julia Morgan (January 26, 1872 - February 2, 1957) was an American architect and engineer. 

Julia Hunt Morgan was born in San Francisco, California on January 26, 1872. Her parents were Charles Bill Morgan and Eliza Morgan. She was one of five children. She grew up in Oakland. In high school, Morgan was interested in architecture. She was the first woman to attend an architectural school in Paris. She was also the first woman to graduate from there. When she moved back to California, she received her official architect’s license. 

Morgan was most famous for her 1919 project in San Simeon, San Francisco for the Hearst family. The project included designing and building a European styled castle. It became known as the Hearst Castle. It was made of architecture from Italy and Spain. It took 25 years to finish building the castle. Morgan’s architectural team also designed many houses, churches, cottages, schools, and many other types of buildings. Her biggest goal was always to satisfy her clients and "design buildings from the inside out." She did this in many styles. They included Byzantine, Italianate, Craftsman, Gothic and Romanesque.

Morgan died on February 2, 1957. 

Mary C. Daly

Marcy C. Daly is an American economist. On October 1, 2018, she became the 13th President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (San Francisco Fed). She also works on the Federal Reserve's Federal Open Market Committee on a rotating basis. Daly started working for the San Francisco Fed in 1996. She was its Executive Vice President and Director of Research. She later became its President and CEO.

Daly was born in Ballwin, Missouri. Her father was a postal worker and her mother was a homemaker. She was a good student, but she had money problems and quit school at 15. By age 16 she was living alone, working to earn full-time pay.

Daly went on to earn a high school equivalency diploma (GED). She received a bachelor's degree from the University of Missouri-Kansas City in 1985 and a master's degree from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in 1987. She went on to earn a Ph.D in economics from the Maxwell School at Syracuse University in 1994. She also completed a post-doctoral fellowship at National Institute of Aging at Northwestern University in 1996.

Her research is in macroeconomics and labor economics. She has published work on many economic topics. Daly has also worked to increase diversity and inclusion within the Federal Reserve System and in the field of economics.

Elaine Forbes

Elaine Forbes is the Director of the Port of San Francisco. In October 2016, the mayor of San Francisco appointed her to that job. In the whole United States there are only twelve female Port Directors.

Born in San Francisco, Forbes is the great grandchild of a Port worked. Her parents met in high school but divorced when she was three. Forbes lived with her mother. She admired her mother very much because she was a hard worker. She went to public school. Forbes liked singing. She was a member of the San Francisco Girls Chorus. 

Because it was the 1970s, Forbes experienced hippie culture. She participated in the Civil Rights Movement and lived in a commune in the Haight Ashbury neighborhood of the city. Because she lived in a commune, she looked forward to having her own apartment when she grew up. Her mother died when Forbes was 19.

Now Forbes lives in San Francisco’s Castro neighborhood with her partner, Angela Calvillo, and their dogs.

Forbes went to Skyline Community College and Mills College. She went to graduate school at University of California, Los Angeles to study Community and Economic Development.

Forbes had many jobs in non-profit land use and development. She was a planner for the city of Oakland, CA, USA. She then was an executive manager for the City of San Francisco’s planning department and the San Francisco International Airport. She was a policy advisor for the city of San Francisco’s budget office. In 2010 she started working at the Port of San Francisco as the Deputy Director for Finance and Administration.

Jennifer Doudna

Jennifer Anne Doudna (born February 19, 1964) is an American biochemist. Her work on CRISPR gene editing won her the 2020 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Emmanuelle Charpentier. The award was:

Doudna earned her PhD at Harvard University in 1994. She worked at Yale University with a group of scientists studying RNA.

Doudna is known for co-inventing the CRISPR-Cas9 which genetically modifies DNA. She has won medals such as the Kavi Prize, The Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences, The Gruber Genetics Prize, and the Warren Alpert Foundation Prize. 

Doudna currently works as a professor at the University of California, Berkeley. Doudna teaches chemistry and molecular cell biology. She is also an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. 


Tiffany Shlain

Tiffany Shlain, filmmaker and business leader, was born on April 8th, 1970. 

Tiffany Shlain is most well known for making the Webby Awards, the “leading international honors for websites”. The Webby Awards take place every year and give awards to the best websites. 

Shlain is on the Leadership Board for the Center on Media and Child Health at Harvard’s Children’s Hospital in Boston. Besides being a business leader, Shlain’s films have won many awards, such as “The Future Starts Here”, which has been chosen for an Emmy award. Her signature style of filmmaking includes lots of vibrant action shots and animations. She engages her audience with bright and vivid images, thought-provoking keynotes, and humorous observations. 

Tiffany has received rewards for her films from many organizations, including Steven Spielberg’s Righteous Person’s Foundation. Shlain also gives convincing speeches that encourage people to think about where we are in the world in terms of connection and technology. There were over 11,000 broadcasts in the world of 50/50 thinking the Past, Present, and Future of Women + Power, which were all brought together to an online discussion in which Shlain talked about supporting gender equality. She also has been the closing speaker for TED Women and TED MED. 

Ruth Asawa

Ruth Asawa (January 27, 1926 – August 5, 2013) was an American sculptor.

Asawa was born in Norwalk, California and was the fourth child out of seven. She attended Rohwer High School in Desha County, Arkansas as she had to evacuate from California due to World War II. Rohwer was a Japanese-American concentration camp at the time. She went to the University of Wisconsin but could not get a degree because of where she was from. After that, she went to Black Mountain College. Ever since she was a young girl, she showed an interest in art. She even drew in the mud when she was a child. Ruth is famous for making sculptures out of metal wire. “Meandering lines and patterns, explorative variations of the same form or subject, and the most economical way to convey an image and characterize her work.” This quote is saying that trying out different patterns and lines is the best way for her to make her work different from other people’s work. She helped to found SCRAP, a recycling art program. Asawa also created the San Francisco School of Arts. Ruth believed that anybody who wanted to could do art and everyone had a part of them which was artistic. “Art is for everyone. It is not something that you should have to go to the museums in order to see and enjoy,” said Asawa.

Alicia Garza

Alicia Garza (born January 4, 1981) is an American civil rights activist. She is known for co-founding the Black Lives Matter movement.

Ruth Brinker

Ruth Brinker (May 1, 1922 – August 8, 2011) was an American AIDS activist. Brinker founded Project Open Hand. She also had a farm that was named Fresh Start Farms. Fresh Start Farms only hired refugees and people that used to be homeless. She received the Jefferson Award in 2005 for what she did.

Brinker was a retired grandma when she founded Project Open Hand. Project Open Hand is a service designed to deliver food to people with HIV/AIDS. Project Open Hand currently supports many other diseases. Brinker is known for helping people with HIV and AIDS through her foundation. She was able to get volunteers and inspire projects like Project Open Hand in other places around the world. She also had a farm called Fresh Start Farms. It grew expensive and fancy vegetables for high-end restaurants. Brinker would only hire refugees and people coming out of homelessness. 

Even though she died in August 2011, but Project Open Hand still actively serves communities today. 

Brinker died with two children as well as extended family. She ran her own antique shop before working at Meals on Wheels. She always had a courageous spirit, a focused mindset, and wanted to help. In 1985, the nation-wide HIV and AIDS problem came to light. Brinker knew she had to do something to help when her neighbor died of malnutrition because of HIV. 

She received the 2005 Jefferson Award because of her public service. 

Sylvia McLaughlin

Sylvia McLaughlin (December 24, 1916 – January 19, 2016) was an American environmental activist. She was best known for beginning and helping the movement to save the San Francisco Bay.

McLaughlin was born in Denver, Colorado. George E. Cranmer and Jean Chappell Cranmer were her parents. She grew up in an area with an interesting environment. She left Denver and went to Vassar College in New York.

She returned to Denver and married Donald H. McLaughlin. They moved to Berkeley, California and started a family. When Sylvia saw the environment she lived she got mad. Pollution was ruining the Bay. This inspired McLaughlin to start Save the Bay with two other women in 1961. Save the Bay gathered together many other passionate activists and stopped 2,000 acres of land in the Berkeley bay from being filled with cement. For almost forty years, Sylvia remained on the Save the Bay board. She also joined many other environment focused boards.

Her work helped people learn about the environment of the bay and how to better protect it. Because of McLaughlin, California is still very careful about maintaining the bay’s healthy habitat and creating laws to further protect it.

After many years of hard work, Sylvia McLaughlin died at age 99. 

Ginetta Sagan

Ginetta Sagan (June 1, 1925 – August 25, 2000) was an Italian-born American human rights activist. She is best known for her work with Amnesty International for prisoners of conscience.

Sagan was born in Milan, Italy. When she was a teenager, her parents died in the Black Brigades of Benito Mussolini. Like her parents, she was active in the Italian resistance movement. She gathered intelligence and supplied Jews during World War II. She was captured and tortured in 1945. Sagan escaped on the night before she was to be executed.

After studying in Paris, she attended graduate school in child development in the United States. She married Leonard Sagan, a physician, in 1951 . The couple moved to Atherton, California. In Atherton, Sagan founded the first chapter of Amnesty International in the western United States. She later helped to create more than 75 chapters of the organization. She also organized events to raise money for political prisoners.

In 1984, Sagan was elected the honorary chair of Amnesty International USA. US President Bill Clinton gave her the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996. Italy later awarded her the rank of "Grand Ufficiale Ordine al Merito della Repubblica Italiana" (Grand Official Order of Merit of the Italian Republic). Amnesty International created a yearly Ginetta Sagan Award for activists in her honor.

Mary Tape

Mary Tape (1857-1934) was a desegregation activist. Tape fought for equal education. She wanted Chinese American students to study at schools with white students.

Mary Tape was born in China. In 1868, Tape came to San Francisco. She was an orphan. The Ladies’ Protection and Relief Society helped her. She named herself "Mary McGladery." The Society taught her the English language and how to live in the United States. She married Joseph Tape. They had four children. Tape taught her children to act like white Americans. 

Tape and her family lived in the city of San Francisco, California, USA. She wanted her oldest child to study at the public school. The school said only white children could be students. It would not accept Chinese American students. Tape took the school to court. She fought for equal education. The Tape family lost in court. The children went to special Chinese American schools. Later, the family moved to Berkeley, California where they had more rights. 

Tape was also known for having a middle-class family that acted more stereotypically American than other Chinese-American families at the time. She changed the way that many people thought of Chinese-American families at the time, and opened a gateway for people of her race to be more accepted in their society. She also earned awards for her photography and was a skilful telegrapher. Mary Tape died of old age in 1934, five months before her husband. 

Mother Wright

Mary Ann Wright (July 11, 1921 – May 7, 2009), known as Mother Wright, was a humanitarian activist. She started the Mary Ann Wright Foundation. This foundation helped feed hungry people. Her nickname is "Mother" because she reminds people of Mother Teresa. Mother Wright became an activist when she was 63. 

Before she started her work, she lived in Louisiana. She was born in New Orleans. She moved at a young age. Her mother died when she was five years old. Wright was raised by her aunts and other relatives. They were devoted Catholics. They walked miles to church from their home. When Wright grew up, she worked many different jobs. She had a husband and 12 children. Unfortunately, her husband was cruel to her. So, Wright left Louisiana and moved to California. Her children came to California with her. 

In California, she received a “vision from God” in her sleep. The dream told he to help hungry people. She continued helping the hungry, and eventually got recognition for it. Wright received the Caring Award, an award inspired by Mother Teresa. She is also in the Hall of Fame for Caring Americans. She died at the age of 87. 

Yoshie Akiba

Yoshie Akiba (b. 1942, 秋葉好江) is the founder of an jazz club in Oakland, CA. The music club is famous internationally. She also started Elevate Oakland. Elevate Oakland brings music education to students in Oakland schools. Akiba teaches classes as California State University East Bay. She helps build Japanese cultural centers in California.

Akiba was born in Yokohama, Japan. Her parents both died when she was five years old. Her father died in a Russian World War II prison camp. Her mother died from tuberculosis. It was during World War II. She grew up in an orphanage in Zushi, Japan. She enjoyed music and dance.

The orphanage was near a United States military base. The military invited orphans to give music performances. On the military base Akiba first heard jazz music.

On the base, Akiba met a man who was an officer in the United States Navy. They got married when she was 19. They moved together to Baltimore, Maryland, United States, in 1963. Her husband promised she coul study dance in the United States. Akiba did not like the culture in Maryland. They divorced in 1968. She moved to Berkeley, California. She began studying dance at University of California, Berkeley.

At Berkeley Akiba discovered Zen Buddhism. She had not been religious in Japan. Living in the United States she felt the need to stay connected to Japanese culture.

She married her Berkeley friend Kaz Kajimura. The started a business toether. They divorced. They still ran their business together. Akiba later married Zen Buddhist priest Reverend Gengo Akiba.

Akiba's career has focused on music and dance. She works on both music education and providing music performances. Akiba works to keep Japanese culture alive in California.

Akiba wanted to remember Japanese culture. She worked with Kaz Kajimura and Hiroyuki Hori small sushi restaurant in Berkeley in 1973. Hori was the chef. 

In 1979 they moved the resturaunt to Oakland. Akiba and Kaz Kajimura liked attending jazz performances. In 1985 they started having jazz performances in the resturuant. 

Yoshi's moved to Oakland's Jack London Square in 1997. The new resturaunt space had 310 seats in the club, a seperate 250 seat restaurant, and a 60 seat bar. They could have much larger performaces. They could also continue to represent Japanese culture in the resturuant space and represent jazz culture in the club space. Famous performers have included Chick Correa, Wynton Marsalis, Sarah Vaughan, Max Roach, Carlos Reyes, Pete Escovedo, Arturo Sandoval, Oscar Peterson, Betty Carter, Dee Dee Bridgewater, and Pharoah Sanders.

The same year, Akiba won the 1997 Global Award for Outstanding Community Leadership.

In 2007, Akiba and her partners opened a second Yoshi's location in San Francisco's Filmore District. Despite multiple bailouts from the city of San Francisco, it eventually sold to a large corporation. However, the Oakland location survived, even the COVID-19 lockdown. In 2022, Yoshi's celebrated its 50th anniversary.

Akiba teaches about the Japanese Tea Ceremony. She teaches at California State University East Bay and in her own home. Her home in Oakland also includes a Zen meditation space, the Oakland Zen Center, that is open to the public once a week. Teaching the traditional ceremony is a way of teaching about Buddhism. 

In 2012 Akiba and a teacher named Jason Hofmann started 51Oakland. Akiba remembers that music made her feel better when her life was hard. She wants students in Oakland, California, to learn about music also. She wants students to know they can work hard at something they enjoy and have success. 51Oakland brings musicians to school to talk to students about surviving hard lives. The organization also offers music lessons and organizes student performances at Yoshi's. Artists like Stevie Wonder help support the organization. The organization is now called "Elevate Oakland." Shiela E. and Lynn Mabry are also leaders of Elevate Oakland.

Edythe Boone

Edythe Boone (born 1938), is an African-American artist and activist.

Edythe Boone came from a working class family. Her mother was a maid for a white, Jewish family. That family was very supportive of Boone. 

Edythe Boone is a muralist who has painted many murals, or large pieces of art. She painted murals for the city of Berkeley, CA. Berkeley City Council said July 13th is “Edy Boone Day.” The first Edy Boone Day was in 2010. She started out as a sort of “under-cover muralist,” secretly painting murals at night that reflected the struggles of people of color. Now 74 years old, she has painted numerous murals, including several that are now famous landmarks. For example, in San Francisco she helped paint “Maestra Peace,” which roughly means “Woman Teacher of Peace.” Boone also likes working with people who live in a neighborhood to make their own mural, including people who are homeless and lived in People's Park in Berkeley. Recently she has been getting more attention because of a 2013 documentary called “A New Color” by Mo Morris that tells about her notable career. “She builds bridges between people who don’t think they have [any similarities].” 

Luisa Buada

Luisa Buada is a healthcare activist from East Palo Alto, CA, and is the CEO of the Ravenswood Family Health Center. 

Buada has worked most of her life in health care. She helped start several clinics, specifically ones in Berkeley, CA; Watsonville, CA; and in the Salinas Valley in California. This includes "Clinicas de Salud", Berkeley Primary Access Clinic, and LifeLong Medical Care. She wants to make sure all patients can get help from a doctor. She helped improve the health care services at Ravenswood Family Health Center in East Palo Alto. She made it more affordable. At Ravenswood, over 14,000 people signed up for their services.  

Luisa is also a farmer’s rights advocate. She joined the farmworker’s movement in California's Central Valley, and helped organize clothing and food drives.

In 1977, Luisa finished college. She studied Nursing at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) School of Nursing. In 1990, she received her Master’s degree in Public Health and Administration from the University of California, Berkeley.

She was a finalist for the 2016 Visionary of the Year Award. She also received the Woman of the Year Award from Senator Jerry Hill, and the John W. Gardner Exemplary.

Sharon Chatman

Sharon Chatman (born December 15, 1947) is an American former college basketball coach, a lawyer, and a judge.

Sofia Mendoza

Sofia Mendoza (1934-2015) was an activist. She worked towards improving the East San Jose, California community. 

Mendoza started a group in East San Jose called “United People Arriba”. United People Arriba watched the police. They watch that people of color were treated equally to white people. She also lead a walk-out. The protest was to stop discrimination in local schools. The government counts the number of students in school to know how much money to give the school. In this walk-out, Sofia Mendoza proved that students had the power to not show up. This action could cause the school to lose money. 

Mendoza died at the age of 80, in Santa Clara. She was supposed to have surgery before she died.

Mendoza died in 2015. She left behind the idea that people are always stronger when they work together in groups. 

Despite the fact that she left behind an important legacy, she did not receive any awards for her actions.

K. Megan McArthur

Katherine Megan McArthur (born August 30, 1971) is an American oceanographer and a National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) astronaut. She has served as a Capsule Communicator (CAPCOM) for both the space shuttle and space station. Megan McArthur has flown one space shuttle mission, STS-125, where she served as Mission Specialist in repairing the Hubble Space Telescope. McArthur has served in a number of positions including working in the Shuttle Avionics Laboratory (SAIL). She is currently in space as the Commander of the NASA SpaceX Crew-2 mission to the ISS. She launched on 23 April 2021.
Megan McArthur was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Don and Kit McArthur. Her father was a career naval aviator, and the McArthur family later relocated to the Moffett Field Naval Air Station, which shares the same base as NASA’s Ames Research Center. This is where her inspiration of become an astronaut grew. McArthur attended St. Francis High School in Mountain View, CA. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles, and a Ph.D. in Oceanography from the University of California, San Diego where she performed research activities at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Megan enjoys SCUBA diving, backpacking, and cooking. She is married to fellow astronaut Bob Behnken, and together they have one child. 

At the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, McArthur conducted graduate research in nearshore underwater acoustic propagation and digital signal processing. Her research focused on determining geoacoustic models to describe very shallow water waveguides using measured transmission loss data in a genetic algorithm inversion technique. She served as Chief Scientist during at-sea data collection operations, and has planned and led diving operations during sea-floor instrument deployments and sediment-sample collections. While at Scripps, she participated in a range of in-water instrument testing, deployment, maintenance, and recovery, and collection of marine plants, animals, and sediment. During this time, McArthur also volunteered at the Birch Aquarium at Scripps, conducting educational demonstrations for the public from inside a 70,000 gallon exhibit tank of the California Kelp Forest.

Selected as a Mission Specialist by NASA in July 2000, McArthur reported for training in August 2000. Following the completion of two years of Astronaut Candidate training and evaluation, she was assigned to the Astronaut Office Shuttle Operations Branch working technical issues on shuttle systems in the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL). She has also worked in the International Space Station and Space Shuttle Mission Control Centers as a Capsule Communicator (CAPCOM) and has served as a Crew Support Astronaut for Expedition Crews during their six-month missions aboard the International Space Station. McArthur was the Astronaut Office Lead for visiting vehicles during the first commercial cargo missions to the International Space Station. Currently, she provides support to crews in training and aboard the International Space Station, as Deputy Chief of the Astronaut Office ISS Operations Branch.

Megan McArthur was a member of the STS-125 mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope. McArthur was the ascent and entry flight engineer and was the lead STS-125 (May 11 through May 24, 2009). This was the fifth and final Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission. McArthur worked as the flight engineer during launch, rendezvous with the telescope, and landing. She also carefully retrieved the telescope, using the shuttle’s robotic arm, and placed it in the shuttle’s cargo bay. The 19-year-old telescope then spent six days undergoing an overhaul during 5 days of spacewalks. The spacewalkers were supported by McArthur operating the robotic arm. The team overcame frozen bolts, stripped screws, and stuck handrails. The refurbished Hubble Telescope then had four new or rejuvenated scientific instruments, new batteries, new gyroscopes, and a new computer. The STS-125 mission was accomplished in 12 days, 21 hours, 37 minutes and 9 seconds, traveling 5,276,000 miles in 197 Earth orbits.

McArthur is currently assigned as the Commander of the NASA SpaceX Crew-2 mission to the ISS, scheduled to launch in April 2021 and return in the fall 2021.

Economy of the United States

The economy of the United States is the world's largest national economy and the world's second-largest overall economy, the GDP of the European Union being approximately $2 trillion larger. The nominal GDP of the United States was estimated to be $21.4 trillion in 2019, approximately a quarter of nominal global GDP. Its GDP at purchasing power parity is the second-largest in the world, behind China. It has approximately a fifth of global GDP at purchasing power parity.

Shadnagar

Shadnagar is a town and assembly constituency in the Ranga Reddy district in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. As part of the district reorganization of Telangana Government, Shadnagar separated from Mahabubnagar district and merged into Ranga Reddy district headquarters. Shadnagar also has ISRO centre (NRSC) which is very famous centre for data reception from various satellites. Famous people like Bill Gates have visited this place. It is very near to the Hyderabad International Airport (30 km) and 50 km to Hyderabad.

Sukhinder Singh Cassidy

Sukhinder Singh Cassidy (born Sukhinder Singh in 1970) is an entrepreneur. She founded many technology companies. In the beginning of her career, she worked for Amazon, BskyB, and Merrill Lynch. She founded a business called Yodlee.

Cassidy was born in Tanzania. She lived in Canada as a child. She went to college at the University of Western Ontario, Canada. She studied Business Administration.

By the age of 25, her goal was to start her very own business. Cassidy is known for leading many online businesses such as theBoardlist, Joyus, and StubHub. Cassidy also worked as CEO of Polyvore for some time. It is an online marketplace. Additionally, she worked for more than 5 years as president of one of Google's international businesses. She has led to the growth of many tech businesses. She still works as chairman of many companies including theBoardlist and Joyus. She continues to be a board member of Urban outfitters. Her goal is to assign women in to more leading positions on boards and lead successfully.

Brenda Villa

Brenda Villa (born April 18, 1980) is an American water polo player and coach.

Brenda Villa is a three time Olympic medalist in Water Polo. She was born in Commerce, California. She started playing Water Polo at age 8 at the Commerce Aquatorium. She was inspired to take up Water Polo by her brother Edgar. Edgar pushed her to become stronger and better. She was always looking for his approval. Another challenge was that she was playing against older kids who were mostly boys. There were not enough girls to make a team. 

Villa graduated from high school in 1998. She earned a college scholarship to Stanford for her skills in Water Polo. She was named the top collegiate player on the Stanford Women’s Water Polo team. Villa is famous for her accomplishments in Water Polo which have earned her several Olympic medals. 

Brenda started playing for the US National Team in 1998. She helped them qualify for the Olympics. She and her teammates appeared on CNBC, MSNBC, and NBC. In 2003, her team won the World Championship in Water Polo. Villa was also a big part in the Pan Am championships. Right now, she is working as the Water Polo Coach at Castilleja School in Palo Alto, California, USA. Villa is possibly going to be recognized in the Olympic Hall of Fame.

Anna Wang

Anna Wang is a founder of Friends of Children with Special Needs (FCSN), a co-founder of Autism Parents Task Force, and the founder of Dream Achievers Band. A founder is a person who starts an organization. FCSN opened in Fremont, California, in 2006. 

Wang is married to Albert Wang. They have three kids. Lawrence Wang is the middle child and was diagnosed with autism at a young age. Wang talks about how in Chinese communities, people don’t talk about their kids with special needs. When Wang figured out her son had autism, she did not know what to do. Over time, she found a therapist for her son. Soon, other families learned how Wang was taking care of her son. This inspired other families with children that had special needs to meet up. Soon, five families met up to talk about their children with autism. These meetings were the start of Friends of Children with Special Needs. Friends of Children with Special Needs officially opened in 2006 making Fremont its headquarters. Dream Achievers Band is a group of kids with autism that play music.

Wang was an electrical engineer, and her husband was a doctor.

Chengdu J-20

The Chengdu J-20 is an airplane China uses that was designed to fight other airplanes. It has stealth, which means it is very hard for radar to see it. It also has 2 engines, one seat, and can fly good in all weather. It started being used by China in March 2017. It has canards, which are tiny wings in front of the main set of bigger wings that help it stay in the air. It is the world's third working stealth fighter. The first is the F-22 and the second is the F-35. It can fly 1.7 times faster than sound.

The Pentagon said that their files on the F-35 were hacked by someone from China. Some people think that this hack helped the Chinese build the J-20 faster.

Aimee Allison

Aimee Allison (born 1969) is a political activist from the United States. Aimee Allison is working for equality. She is President of "Democracy in Color" and founder of "She the People." 

Growing up, Allison admired her parents. Her mother was a civil rights activist. Her father was a scientist. She was inspired by her parents to get into political activism. When Allison was 17 years old, she joined the army. After being a soldier in the first Gulf War, she realized that she did not agree with fighting wars. Allison became a "conscientious objector," someone who is against war. Allison lives in Oakland, California, USA.

Allison went to college and studied history. She went to graduate school and studied education. She studied at Stanford University. In 2006 she ran unsuccessfully for a seat on the Oakland City Council. By 2016 she had two degrees and had co-authored a book about the military and war. 

Allison is known for founding “She the People,” an organization that promotes women of color to be leaders. “She the People” has a project called “Get in Formation.” It inspires African-American women to vote. Because women of color are voting, different people are elected as leaders. 

Kimberly Bryant

Kimberly Bryant (born January 14 1967) is the founder of Black Girls Code (BGC). Black Girls Code is a nonprofit organization teaching girls to write code for computers. It also teaches girls to be leaders. 

Bryant grew up in Memphis, Tennessee, USA. Bryant wanted to work as a lawyer until she discovered computer science. Her brother taught her about computer science. Years later, she noticed her daughter loved to play video games. She enrolled her daughter in a computer science camp at Stanford. Her daughter was very upset from the camp. The camp was all boys, so her daughter felt alone. Bryant wanted to change girls' experience with learning about computers.

Bryant helps women of color to be more involved in STEM. Black Girls Code started in a basement in San Francisco. Now, Black Girls Code teaches 3,000 girls and uses 1,300 volunteers. They have 13 chapters in the U.S., as well as one in South Africa.

Bhupathy's purple frog

Bhupathy's purple frog ("Nasikabatrachus bhupathi") is a frog species belonging to the family Sooglossidae. It lives in the Western Ghat mountains in India. It is a purple cave frog that lives underground almost all the time.

Many species of frog dig underground a little, but Bhupathy's purple frogs live undergound almost all the time. They have front limbs shaped like shovels for digging and long noses so they can stick their tongues aboveground and lick the surface to catch ants to eat. They do not have shoot-and-pull-back tongues like other frogs. 

Adult frogs have purple skins and a thin blue ring around each eye.

The frog has one close relative, the purple frog, "N. sahyadrensis", which was first found in the Western Ghats in 2003.

The tadpoles do not swim in ponds or streams. Instead, they grab the stones behind waterfalls, where they spend six months eating algae. Young frogs, called imagos, have brown skin. They turn purple when they are adults.

Adult frogs only come aboveground when the rain falls at the beginning of the northeast monsoon season, when they find mates. 

Scientists from Hyderabad's Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology discovered the frog in 2017. They named the frog after scientist Dr. Subramaniam Bhupathy, who died in the Western Ghat Mountains in 2014. They wrote about "N. bhupathi" in "Alytes", the official magazine of the International Society for the Study and Conservation of Amphibians. They found "N. bhupathi" by listening for frog sounds coming up from underground.

"This frog lineage is very ancient, and has a very low diversity, so this finding is very special and unusual," said Elizabeth Prendini of the American Museum of Natural History, who helped write the scientific paper about the discovery.

The scientists did not to say exactly where they found the sample frogs because it was on private property.

This discovery was paid for by the Indian government in a project to sample the DNA of every frog in the country. 

Some scientists said that because "N. bhupathy", which lives in India, has close relatives in the Seychelles, which are close to Africa, it is likely that the Gondwanaland idea of why the continents are where they are is right. This idea says that Africa and India used to be one large continent, called Gondwanaland.

Horsetooth Reservoir

Horsetooth Reservoir is a man-made lake just west of Fort Collins, Colorado, in southern Larimer County made for recreation purposes, and is the main water supply for the Poudre Valley. The reservoir was a part of the Colorado-Big Thompson project. This project was made to move water from the west slope to the east slope. The water is used for local farms, hydropower, and drinking water for Northern Colorado. The lake is 6.5 miles long and had 25 miles of shore line with 4 camping areas, 111 campsites total, and 4 boat-launch areas. The primary activities are fishing, power boating, water skiing, hiking, and camping.
This reservoir was created on top of the town of Stout. Stout was a small town with a population of 47 1/2. This town had a sandstone mine, and had a railroad that went through it. This town turned into a gost town and horsetooth reservoir was build on top of it. To this day when the water is low enough visitors can still see the buildings where Stout used to be. Horsetooth reservoirs damn began being built in 1949. In 1954, the water was used for farms until the 1970 and then only 80 percent of the water was used for farms. In the 1990's just a little over half of the water supply was used for farms and the other half was used for drinking and hydropower. This reservoir was the largest created during the Colorado-Big Thompson project. Building was finished in 1949 and water first entered the reservoir in 1951. Horsetooth was given its name because of an Arapaho legand that on the west side of the reservoir at the top of a mountain. There is a rock that Natives thought looked like a giant's heart and then later decided that it looked more like a horse's tooth.


Catahoula Leopard Dog

Catahoula Leopard dog is a medium sized hunting dog also known as the Catahoula cur, Catahoula hog dog, and Catahoula hound. The breed lives about 10 to 14 years. "Catahoula" dog has Native American roots and its name means "scared lake". Catahoula are from Louisiana and is the state's mascot. These dogs typically are medium-sized with a short coat varying with patterns and eyes that differ in color. Catahoulas were bred through the Blood hound, Spanish mastiff and Greyhound. The Breed is known to the American Kennel Club (AKC). AKC has grouped the breed as a stock service animal.

Catahoula is a high energy-level breed that requires a lot of activities such as fetching, walking, running or hiking. Catahoula's need a lot of attention with other dogs and humans.

The Catahoula is recognized by many kennel clubs, which allows the dog to be in dog shows. The two most popular kennel clubs is AKC and UKC. If one wishes to show their Catahoula leopard dog, she must be permanently registered and have a licensing number through the kennel club chosen. Not only should the breed be licensed, they are required to be well-kept, and not be a mixed breed.

The head of the Catahoula should look strong, the mouth should look nicely even with the head and not deformed. The Leopard dog's head and mouth should be parallel, which sometimes causes wrinkles on the forehead.

In-order to be show ready, the dog must have full white teeth with nice pink gums. A sharp bite is ideal but teeth that may be worn or broken is okay.

Eyes should look medium sized, sort of rounded with varying eye colors or mix of colors. Eyes that may be deformed such as being un-centered; sagging of the eyelids; wired movability of eyelids or eyelashes can be a disqualification.

Ears flop to the side with a short to medium triangular shape. The top of the ear should be even to the head. When alert, the tip of the ear lays close to the cheek. No Catahoula for show can have cropped ears. 

The body should look strong with a broad chest. Catahoula's front legs and back legs should be medium length. When feet are being looked at, the dogs paws should be well groomed and have good webbing between toes.

Steven Crowder

Steven Blake Crowder (; born July 7, 1987) is a conservative American-Canadian comedian, actor and political commentator.

Crowder was born in Michigan in 1987. His mother is a French Canadian. Crowder grew up in Montreal. When Crowder was 12 years old, he was the voice actor a for the character Brain in the children’ animated television show "Arthur". Crowder was also in Canadian television commercials. 

Crowder started doing stand-up comedy at Just for Laughs when he was 18. In 2005, Crowder played a Canadian convenience store manager in the movie "3 Needles". Crowder was also Brain in an animated movie called "Arthur’s Missing Pal". Crowder played a character called Party Kid in the horror movie "The Covenant". Crowder played a boy in a classroom in the horror movie "The Secret". Crowder played a person playing baseball in the children’s movie "The Velveteen Rabbit". Crowder played an important character in the Christian movie "To Save a Life".

In 2009, Crowder started working as a right-wing political commentator for Fox News. Crowder filmed comedy videos for conservative websites. In 2013, Fox News fired Crowder.

In 2015, Crowder filmed a series of videos of himself and some other people commenting on left-wing politics and telling jokes about it from a conservative point of view and posted the videos on the Internet as a conservative political comedy called Louder with Crowder.

In 2018, Crowder started going to colleges across the country sitting at a table with a sign saying that he has a conservative position on a specific controversial topic (male privilege, socialism, guns and abortion have been some of them) and asks people to change his mind. Crowder voted for Donald Trump in 2016.

In 2019, YouTube stopped letting Crowder make money from posting Louder with Crowder videos. It said that Crowder was bullying a gay Hispanic journalist named Carlos Maza after Crowder used homophobic language to describe him.

In 2023, Steven Crowder refused to sign a contract with The Daily Wire and said that their deal was extremely unfair and The Daily Wire responded with their own videos saying that Crowder was wrong.

In 2012, Steven Crowder married Hilary Korzon. Both before and after the wedding, Crowder argued in favor of sexual abstinence before marriage. In 2023, they divorced. Crowder’s ex-wife accused him of emotional abuse. Crowder said he did not abuse her.

Crowder is a zoophile. In a now-deleted YouTube video from 2018 on PragerU’s channel, Crowder demonstrated how he would jack off a dog in order to drink its semen for his own sexual gratification.

Right-wing-media-fratricide-and-shirley-jacksons-the-lottery/

James Holzhauer

James Holzhauer (born July 23, 1984) is the third-highest winner on the American television game show "Jeopardy!", and the third-highest winner on a game show.

Holzhauer won 32 games, earning $2,462,216. His winning streak lasted from April 4, 2019 to June 3, 2019. During his winning streak, he broke several show records. On April 9, 2019, Holzhauer broke the one-day record with $110,914, breaking the previous record of $77,000 set by Roger Craig in 2010. He broke his own record with $131,127 on April 17, 2019. He is the first and only player in the show's history to win $100,000 or more in a single game; and he holds the top sixteen spots for most single-day winnings.

On June 3, 2019, Holzhauer lost to a player named Emma Boettcher, who went on to win three games of her own before losing. Holzhauer and Boettcher were both brought back for the Tournament of Champions, which aired November 4-15, 2019. In the tournament, Holzhauer defeated Boettcher in the two-day final, winning the $250,000 prize.

In January 2020, Holzhauer faced off against Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter in Jeopardy! The Greatest of All-Time, finishing in second place with Jennings winning the $1,000,000 first prize and Holzhauer taking home $250,000 for second place.

Holzhauer first appeared on the American game show The Chase in 2021, appearing as a "Chaser" alongside Jennings and Rutter. >

Jeopardy! Battle of the Decades

The Jeopardy! Battle of the Decades was a special tournament held during the 30th season of the American television game show "Jeopardy!" It featured 45 contestants who won or competed in the Tournament of Champions in the past. The field of contestants were broken up into three decades (1984-1993, 1994-2003, and 2004-2013), and contestants from their respective decade competed against one another. There were five matches per decade, deciding who advances to the quarterfinal round of the tournament to compete for $1,000,000. The first decade aired in February 2014. The second one aired in March 2014. And the third aired in April 2014. The rest of the tournament (quarterfinals, semifinals, and finals) aired May 5-16, 2014.

The finals featured Ken Jennings against Brad Rutter and Roger Craig. At the time, Jennings was the biggest money winner on a game show. However, Rutter won the two-day final and the $1,000,000 top prize, reclaiming the game show record.

Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions

John R. Broxson

John Ray Broxson (June 10, 1932 – December 9, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Holley, Florida. Broxson was a member of the Florida Senate from 1967 through 1971. He was also the Santa Rosa County sheriff. 

Broxson died on December 9, 2019 in Milton, Florida at the age of 87.

Holley, Florida

Holley is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. Its population was 2,484 as of the 2020 census.

Imre Varga

Imre Varga (1 November 1923 – 9 December 2019) was a Hungarian sculptor, painter, designer and graphic artist. He was thought of as one of Hungary's most important living artists, 
and he has been called one of the "most skilled sculptors in Hungary." He was born in Siófok, Hungary. His best known works were the Statue of Raoul Wallenberg in Tel Aviv and the Holocaust memorial at the Dohány Street Synagogue in Budapest.

Varga died in Budapest on 9 December 2019 at the age of 96.

Philip McKeon

Philip Anthony McKeon (November 11, 1964 – December 10, 2019) was an American actor. He was known for playing the role of Tommy Hyatt on the sitcom "Alice" from 1976 to 1985.

McKeon died in Wimberley, Texas on December 10, 2019 after a long-illness, aged 55. 

Westbury, New York

Westbury is a village in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 15,864 at the 2020 census.

Polly Holliday

Polly Dean Holliday (born July 2, 1937) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as the sassy waitress Florence Jean "Flo" Castleberry on the 1970s sitcom "Alice", which she replayed in its short-lived spin-off, "Flo". She was born in Jasper, Alabama.

In 1978 and 1979, Holliday won two Golden Globe Awards. In 1984, she won a Saturn Award.

Alice (TV series)

Alice is an American sitcom television series that aired on CBS from August 31, 1976, to March 19, 1985. The series is based on the 1974 movie "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore".

The show stars Linda Lavin in the main role, a widow who moves with her young son to start life over again, and finds a job working at a roadside diner in Phoenix, Arizona. The series also stars Vic Tayback, Beth Howland, Philip McKeon, Polly Holliday, Diane Ladd, Celia Weston, and Charles Levin with Marvin Kaplan.

In 1979, the show won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy.

Jim Smith (footballer, born 1940)

James Michael Smith (17 October 1940 – 10 December 2019) was an English footballer and manager. 

As a player, he made 249 appearances in the Fourth Division of The Football League, representing Aldershot, Halifax Town, Lincoln City and Colchester United, and played for three-and-a-half years for Boston United of the Northern Premier League. 

He began a long managerial career with Boston United, and went on to take charge of clubs in all divisions of the Football League and in the Conference National.

Smith died on 10 December 2019 at the age of 79.

Public law

Public law is a branch of law about the relations of individuals with the government and the organization and conduct of the government itself.

In public law there is:

a. Constitutional law: basic law of the state.

b. Administrative law: fixes the powers and duties of the state.

c. Criminal law: the state says what penalties there are for crimes committed by individuals or businesses.

The other kind of law is private law.

Boston United F.C.

Boston United Football Club is an English football club based in Boston, Lincolnshire. The club participates in the National League North, the sixth tier of English football. 

Boston's neighbours include Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town.

Boston United were members of the Football League from 2002 until 2007.

Bérénice Marlohe

Bérénice Lim Marlohe (born 19 May 1979) is a French actress. She played Bond girl Sévérine in the twenty-third "James Bond" movie "Skyfall". She was born in Paris. 

Alison Cronin

Alison Lorraine Cronin, MBE (born September 1966) is the director of Monkey World in Dorset, England, a place of refuge for primates that have been treated badly and not taken care of properly, from the United States. She is widely accepted to be an international expert in rescuing and rehabilitating such primates, and enforcing international treaties aimed at protecting them from illegal trade and experimentation.

Alison Cronin and her husband got an MBE in 2006 for Services to Animal Welfare, as well as starting the Endangered Asian Species Trust.

Alison Cronin was born in September 1966 as Alison Lorraine Ames in San Diego, California. She studied biological anthropology at Cambridge University. She met Jim Cronin at Monkey World in 1993 while she was living in the UK. They married in 1996. They were joint directors of Monkey World. After her husband died, Cronin continued running the site and working against the illegal transportation of animals.

Alison Cronin became known through the television series "Monkey Business", which was made by Meridian Broadcasting and shown on ITV Meridian in the UK and on Animal Planet worldwide, which has recorded the frequent rescue missions and undercover investigations all around Europe and Asia. The show began in 1998 with "Monkey Business", which was then replaced with "Monkey Life" in 2007. It covers the low and high-profile rescues, one of the most dramatic being in January 2008 when Cronin led a huge rescue of 88 Capuchin monkeys from Chile.

In 2008, Alison Cronin led the creation of the Dao Tien Endangered Primate Rescue Centre located in Cát Tiên National Park, Southern Vietnam which is a rescue, rehabilitation, and release centre focusing on golden-cheeked gibbons, black-shanked douc langurs, silvered langurs, and pygmy loris. Alison Cronin has written on primates as well as fought to get legislation changed to protect the primates.

In 2018, Cronin was awarded an honorary degree from Oxford Brookes University for her work.


Zozibini Tunzi

Zozibini Tunzi (born 18 September 1993) is a South African model and beauty pageant titleholder. She was crowned Miss Universe 2019. Tunzi had been crowned Miss South Africa 2019. She is the third woman from South Africa to win the title, and the first black woman since Leila Lopes was crowned Miss Universe 2011.

Percival Lowell

Percival Lawrence Lowell (; March 13, 1855 – November 12, 1916) was an American businessman, author, mathematician, and astronomer. He founded the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Arizona. He started the effort that led to the discovery of Pluto 14 years after his death.

His reputation was damaged by his belief in canals on Mars. This idea was counter-attacked by Alfred Russel Wallace.

Jim Cronin (zookeeper)

James Michael Cronin MBE (15 November 1951 – 17 March 2007) was an American zookeeper. He was the co-founder of Monkey World, a place of refuge for primates that have been treated badly and not taken care of properly, in Dorset, England, in 1987, from the United States. He was widely acknowledged as an international expert in the rescue and rehabilitation of abused primates, and in the enforcement of international treaties aimed at protecting them from illegal trade and experimentation.

Cronin got an honorary MBE from Queen Elizabeth II in 2006 for services to animal welfare.

Cronin was born on 15 November 1951 in Yonkers, New York, to Italian-Irish parents. He was the son of a union official. He was educated at St Denis School and Lincoln High School. He had a number of jobs after leaving school before becoming a keeper at Bronx Zoo in the 1970s. While he was working there, he realised he wanted to work with animals. He moved to Kent in the UK to work in John Aspinall's zoo in 1980.

Cronin started working with primates by working as a zoo keeper in various zoos. He came to the UK, where he got a job as a zoo keeper at John Aspinall's zoo at Howletts, where he perfected his skills of primate rehabilitation and care, in 1980. John Aspinall had set up a breeding programme for gorillas which were an endangered species. Jim Cronin's passion for working with primates made him quite successful in his career and encouraged him to wish to eventually build a safe haven for primates that were treated badly. During his years working at John Aspinall's Zoo, he gave himself the necessary experience of dealing with apes on a daily basis in his career path of working with them as well as small monkeys and their complex life needs.

The biggest rescue the centre undertook was that of the 19 retired stump-tailed macaques from a medical research laboratory in the UK; but the rescue mission in 2008, of the 88 capuchin monkeys from a medical research laboratory in Chile, took the record of the largest rescue of primates in the world.

In 2006, Cronin was awarded an MBE by Queen Elizabeth II for services to animal welfare he was accompanied by Robert Pitts. Cronin has also received the Jane Goodall Award.

The television series "Monkey Business" (made by Meridian Broadcasting and shown on ITV Meridian in the UK and on Animal Planet worldwide) has documented the Cronin's frequent rescue missions and undercover investigations throughout Europe and Asia for the past 10 years. Beginning in 2007, "Monkey Business" was replaced with "Monkey Life", which also documents the goings-on within Monkey World.
Following a brief battle with liver cancer, Cronin died on 17 March 2007 at the Cabrini Medical Center, Manhattan, New York. He was survived by his daughter Eleanor, from his first marriage, and his wife Alison Cronin. Since his death, Monkey World has been run by Alison and his close friend Jeremy Keeling.

The Jim Cronin Memorial Fund for Primate Welfare and Conservation was set up for the purpose of continuing Cronin's legacy and for the support of primate conservation and welfare all over the world. It is a UK-registered charity, number 1126939, and is sponsored by Monkey World.


Eretmophorus kleinenbergi

Eretmophorus kleinenbergi is a species of morid cod found in the Mediterranean Sea and possibly into the Atlantic Ocean. This species grows to in length. It is the only known member of its genus.

Rose Cousins

Rosanne Millicent Cousins (born April 21, 1977) is a Canadian folk and pop music singer-songwriter. She was born in Prince Edward Island. She had two extended play records. In 2006, she released her first full-length studio album "If You Were for Me". Cousins was nominated for the best solo artist at the Canadian Folk Music Awards. She was a winner of the 2007 Mountain Stage Newsong Contest. Next, she won the best folk recording in the Nova Scotia Music Awards and PEI Music Awards. Then she won Female Recording of the Year at the East Coast Music Awards in 2008.

Cousins followed her first studio album with "The Send Off" in 2009. For this, she was named contemporary singer at the Canadian Folk Music Awards in 2010. She released "We Have Made a Spark" in 2012. She won a Juno Award in 2013. Her next album, "Bravada", has a February 2020 release date.

Danielius Dolskis

Danielius Dolskis (April 13, 1891 – December 3, 1931) was a Lithuanian singer in the Russian Empire.

Danielius Dolskis sang in Saint Petersburg until 1917. He also sang in Moscow, Odessa, and Kiev. After the October Revolution, he moved to Riga, Latvia. In 1929, Danielius Dolskis moved to Kaunas, Lithuania, where he sang in restaurants.

Danielius Dolskis got pneumonia in 1931 after a performance. He died several days later.

International Mountain Day

International Mountain Day is a day to show the need for sustainable use of mountains. It is held on 11 December of every year.

The day was set up by the United Nations in 1992. It was then celebrated for the first time in 2003.

Jay Bruce

Jay Allen Bruce (born April 3, 1987) is an American professional baseball corner outfielder for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). Before he played for the Phillies, he played for the Cincinnati Reds, New York Mets, Cleveland Indians, and Seattle Mariners. The Reds chose Bruce in the first round, 12th overall pick, of the 2005 Major League Baseball draft (where teams chose their players). He started playing in MLB in 2008. Bruce has been named an All-Star three times during his career, and has won the Silver Slugger Award twice.

Daisuke Matsuzaka

Matsuzaka was selected the MVP of the inaugural and the second World Baseball Classic, and is an Olympic bronze medalist.

He is the first player to have won both a World Series and a World Baseball Classic.

The Caine Mutiny

The Caine Mutiny is a 1951 Pulitzer Prize winning war novel by American Jewish author Herman Wouk. 

In 1953, Herman Wouk wrote a play called "The Caine Mutiny Court Martial" based on the trial from the book and in which Henry Fonda played Greenwald. In 1954, there was a movie based on the book, in which Humphrey Bogart played Queeg.

Willis Seward Keith has graduated Princeton University studying literature. Willie’s mother wants him to continue his studies and get a masters degree. Willie plays piano and wants to go into show business. As a result, Willie meets and starts dating a singer whose stage name is May Wynn. Then the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor and Willie is afraid he’ll have to be sent to the army. So that that doesn’t happen, Willie joins the Navy. Willie is assigned to a ship called the USS Caine. He hates the captain for being too laidback and easygoing and sarcastic and not caring about how things look. The captain is then replaced by a new captain named Queeg. Queeg is mean, gets very angry is almost paranoid and always wants everything to be done his way. Queeg makes everyone on the Caine miserable. Tom Keefer, who is trying to write a novel about how horrible the navy is can’t get any work on his book done so he tries to convince Steve Maryk, who is Queeg’s second in command, that Queeg is insane and cannot command a ship in a time of war. Maryk doesn’t want to believe Keefer but then the ship ends up in the middle of a typhoon. Since there is no written rule about how to get out of a typhoon, Queeg tries to get out by following the rule to avoid getting into a typhoon. Since it doesn’t seem to be working Maryk decides Queeg is insane and takes over as captain with Willie’s help. Queeg has them put on trial for mutiny as soon as they get back to the United States. A Jewish lawyer named Lieutenant Barney Greenwald agrees to defend them because no one else will. When the trial begins, Willie realizes that the reason he helped Maryk wasn’t because he thought Queeg was crazy but because he hated Queeg. He still admits to what he’s done in the trial. Keefer, on the other hand, lies to the jury and says he knew nothing about the mutiny until after it happened. Greenwald still wins the trial by getting Queeg to get angry and act like he is completely crazy. Greenwald then goes to Maryk, Keefer, and Willie and tells them that they are guilty and that if there were anyone else willing to defend them he would have been the one to prosecute them. Greenwald says Queeg was actually a hero because while Willie was at Princeton and Keefer was writing his books and Greenwald was defending the Cherokee, Queeg was risking his own life to protect the country so that Greenwald’s mother didn’t get melted down into a bar of soap by the Nazis. Greenwald calls Keefer a coward for having convinced Maryk to mutiny and then betrayed Maryk during the trial. Greenwald then throws wine at Keefer’s face and says he’ll be waiting in the lobby if Keefer wants revenge and that since they are both drunk it will be a fair fight. Maryk is fired from the Navy and Keefer becomes captain. A Japanese kamikaze crashes his plane into the ship, so Keefer jumps and abandons the crew to save his own life. Willie stays on board and actually risks his own life to save everyone else and actually manages to do that. Willie then starts thinking about what is important and decides that he should marry May Wynn and have kids with her. When he comes back to America, she is using her real name and working for a soon to be divorced man who wants to have sex with her though they have not yet since she is not going to have sex with someone to whom she is not married. Willie then meets the man and he realizes that he reminds him of Keefer. Willie then knows that he can and will win her back. 

National Center for Biotechnology Information

The National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), is part of the United States National Institutes of Health. It has a database where scientists can put information for other people to read and use, especially information about molecules and the way they affect and create living things.

According to its own website, NCBI's goal is to make it easier for people to invent new technology that can be used to study molecules and genes. It also sets up meetings for scientists to talk to each other, trains new scientists, develops computer-based ways of studying information, and conducts scientific research on its own.

In 1988, United States Senator Claude Pepper proposed the law that would create NCBI, and the rest of the United States Congress passed it.

Ultar Sar

Ultar Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is also known as Ultar Peak, Ultar II, Bojohagur Duanasir II, and simply as Ultar. Ultar Sar is part of the Batura Muztagh subrange. It is the 69th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Akito Yamazaki and Kiyoshi Matsuoka, in 1996. It is a very difficult and dangerous climb.

Floor leader

A floor Leader, also known as a caucus leader, is a leader of their political party in a body of a legislature. They are also called Leaders of the House.

Dip net

A dip net, or hand net, is a toll used to wade through water and catch fish.

Hooligan, king salmon, red salmon, pink salmon, silver salmon, and flounder are fish that are mostly caught while netting in Alaska. Hooligan, a Chinookan name, is also called a candlefish. This is an important species to eagles, gulls, and bear. This fish is found in the Pacific Northwest of Alaska. The best way to catch them is to dip net them. There is no bag unit limit when catching these fish. Only a valid fishing license will be needed and to be an official Alaskan resident. Hundreds and thousands of hooligan spawn every year in rivers. Salmon are usually born in freshwater, but slowly swim to the saltwater. They lay their eggs on the gravel and the eggs hatch after a month. These little fish are called fry because they look like long little fries when they swim in water. After they hatch, they swim to saltwater and live up to four to six years then they come back to the river, usually not the same river as they were spawned, but in a river that's not running fast. This is because hooligans are not strong swimmers.

King Salmon, a Chinookan salmon, is called king because of how aggressive and large it is. It is 30-40 inches long. They are found in the Southeast of Alaska in Prince William Sound in the Bristol Bay area. This species is highly fished because they are rich in omega-3 fatty acids which makes a good dinner. 

Sockeye salmon, also named a red salmon, are the most popular among the salmon species because of their bright orange flesh. They are found in the Northern Pacific Ocean and rivers. They can grow up to 33 inches long and weigh 4 to 15 pounds. They live to 3–7 years and are eaten by marine mammals and bears.

Pink Salmon, known as humpy fish are found in Southeast of Alaska in Prince William Sound. Males are easily identified by the large hump on their back while females have a slimmer appearance. This area is home to seabirds that feed on them as well as bears, wolves, otters, and bald eagles. Saltwater pinks are smaller than freshwater and have softer flesh. Regular freshwater are 20-25 inches in length. They run with other fish like kings and silvers. These are especially easy to catch because they're easier to trick with the correct angler method.

Silver salmon, deep bodied North Pacific salmon with black spots, are found in the Northern Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. They grow up to be 30 inches in length and live up to 2–4 years.
There are two types of basic dip netting: stationary and sweeping. There are two stationary techniques. Kick netting is placing a net at the bottom of the river where all of the rocks are and kicking to get fish. Nets are easily damaged this way. The other technique is body rushing, which is using a body to catch fish. When a school of fish rush in the water, swing the body from side to side. This can scare the fish and they should get caught in the net. There are three types of sweeping. Sight dipping is seeing fish in the water and trying to catch the fish. Scooping is digging between rocks blindly into bushes of weeds or large bushes. The last technique is dredging. The net rubs against the bottom of the river picking up mud, weeds and other debris that can trap fish.

David Bellamy

David James Bellamy (18 January 1933 – 11 December 2019) was an English author, broadcaster, environmental campaigner and botanist.

Bellamy wrote, appeared in or presented hundreds of television programmes on botany, ecology, environmentalism and other issues. His television series included "Bellamy on Botany", "Bellamy's Britain", "Bellamy's Europe" and "Bellamy's Backyard Safari".

Bellamy died on the morning of 11 December 2019 in Durham, aged 86.

Veijo Puhjo

Veijo Olavi Puhjo (26 June 1948 – 9 December 2019) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of Finnish Parliament, representing the Left Alliance. He was elected in 1995 and retired in 2001. He was born in Loimaa, Finland. Puhjo was born in Loimaa, Finland.

Puhjo died on 9 December 2019 in Pori, Finland at the age of 71.


Sherman Howard (American football)

Sherman John Howard (November 28, 1924 – December 5, 2019) was an professional American football player. He played professionally as a halfback for four seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the New York Yanks and Cleveland Browns. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Howard died in Chicago on December 5, 2019 at the age of 95.

Henry Ward Beecher

Henry Ward Beecher (June 24, 1813 – March 8, 1887) was an American clergyman, social reformer, and speaker. As the pastor of a Congregational church in Brooklyn he became famous for his work to end slavery.

Urethral sphincters

In mammals, the Urethral sphincters are two muscles that control the exit of urine from the bladder through the urethra. If either of them contracts, the urethra is sealed shut. In male mammals, one of the muscles is placed around the urethra. In female mammals, it is placed on the side of the vagina. In male mammals, the muscles are also used to transport the sperm, when an erection happens. 

Chipko movement

The Chipko movement was a group action in India with the goal of saving trees. This is mainly done through the act of hugging trees to protect them from being cut. It was also known as Chipko Andolan. Those who were part of it used nonviolent protests. The Chipko movement began in the early 1970s in Uttarakhand. It then spread to Uttar Pradesh. By the 1980s it had spread across most of India.

/The Chipko leads to a change in policies to stop the clear cutting of trees in some regions. (Clear cutting is a type of logging where all trees in an area are cut down).

Chipko movement was started by Sunderlal Bahuguna.

The name of the Chipko moment originated from the word 'embrace' as the villagers used to hug the trees/ and protect them from wood cutters from cutting them. In 1731, the king of Jodhpur in Rajasthan asked one of his ministers to arrange wood for constructing a new palace. The minister and workers went to a forest near a village, inhabited by Bishnois, to cut down trees. A Bishnoi woman Amrita Devi showed exemplary courage by hugging a tree and daring king’s men to cut her first before cutting the tree. The tree mattered much more to her than her own life. Sadly, the king’s men did not heed to her pleas, and cut down the tree along with Amrita Devi. Her three daughters and hundreds of other Bishnois followed her, and thus lost their lives saving trees. The incident inspired the several other rural women, who launched such similar movements in different parts of India. The Chipko Movement gained momentum under Sunderlal Bahuguna, an activist, who spent his whole life persuading and educating the villagers, to protest against the destruction of the forests and the Himalayan mountains by the government. The Chipko protests achieved a major victory in 1980 with a 15 years ban on tree felling in the Himalayan forests of the state by the order of Mrs. Indira Gandhi.
Now, even an Amrita Devi Award is given to those involved in wildlife protection and conservation.

Gollapudi Maruti Rao

Gollapudi Maruti Rao (14 April 1939 – 12 December 2019) was an Indian actor and screenwriter. He was born in Vizianagaram, British India (present day Andhra Pradesh). He was known for his roles in "Samsaram Oka Chadarangam", "Yamudiki Mogudu" and "Aditya 369". He also wrote many plays such as: "Rendu Rellu Aaru", "Patita", "Karuninchani Devatalu", "Mahanatudu", "Kaalam Venakku Tirigindi" and in Aasayaalaku Sankellu".

Rao died at a private hospital in Chennai, India on 12 December 2019 from an illness, aged 80.

Momhil Sar

Momhil Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Momhil Sar is part of the Hispar Muztagh subrange. It is the 63rd highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Hans Schell and his expedition, in 1965.

Atlantic cod

Atlantic cod is a species of cod which occurs in the northern part of the Atlantic Ocean. The younger fish live near the surface of the ocean, the older ones near the sea floor. Atlantic cod is one of the species of cod that has been consumed by humans. The atlantic cod feeds on other, smaller fish (for example herring), as well as molluscs.

Gowling WLG

Gowling WLG is a multinational law firm. It was formed by the merger of Canada-based Gowlings and UK-based Wragge Lawrence Graham & Co in February 2016. This was the first multinational law firm merger between British and Canadian firms. As of 2020, it is 16th on The Lawyer UK 200 list of best law firms.

Gowling WLG International Limited is an English company limited by guarantee. The two limited liability partnerships of Gowling WLG (Canada) LLP and Gowling WLG (UK) LLP are members of it. The two partnerships provide legal services. They are financially separate.

This is a fairly loose association, where each "partner" does the legal work for its own country. Therefore regulators in each country know who is responsible for any particular case.

The firm has 19 offices in Canada, the UK, continental Europe, the Middle East, China and Singapore. Gowling WLG plans to grow in Germany and East Asia in the near future.



Mortal Engines Quartet

The Mortal Engines Quartet is a fantasy novel series by British author, Philip Reeve.

A prequel series, Fever Crumb, set 600 years before the events of the Quartet, was published between 2009 and 2011. In March 2020 Reeve said "too much time has passed since I wrote the other books, it’s hard to go back to that world" and that he did not intend to publish further books in the series.

On November 18, 2020, upon asked whether "Mortal Engines" would be rebooted for the television screens, he responded that, while that would be nice, it seemed unlikely.


Icicle

An icicle is a spike of ice formed when water falling from an object freezes.

Various snow spikes are formed on days when the outdoor air temperature is sub freezing and heat from sunlight melts snow or ice on anything sloped. The droplets of water freeze as they loses their heat to the cold air, forming a cone-like shape of ice.

Once water starts dripping, it begins to freeze into a certain side. It will melt and freeze over and begin to create icicles. As winter gets longer and temperatures stay in the freezing and sunlight is present, water will just melt and drip alongside the icicle causing them to get longer and sharper. The reason why icicles are pointy is because the water drips in a downward motion. Icicles can range from millimeters to feet in length.

Icicles are beautiful, but they can sometimes be dangerous. Icicles have been reported fatal since the 1700s, from falling on people and causing accidents to property being damaged. Icicles can cause damage on many structures such as buildings and homes, once ice forms layers the weight of it can cause the structure to fall or break off. Icicles can also be formed on bridges over streets and highways creating a potential danger for nearby motor vehicles passing by.

Rydberg constant

In spectroscopy, the Rydberg constant is a physical constant relating to the electromagnetic spectra of an atom. Its symbol is formula_1 for heavy atoms or formula_2 for hydrogen. The constant is named after the Swedish physicist Johannes Rydberg. The constant first arose as an empirical fitting parameter in the Rydberg formula for the hydrogen spectral series. Niels Bohr later showed that its value could be calculated from more fundamental constants via his Bohr model. , formula_1 and electron spin "g"-factor are the most accurately measured physical constants.

The constant is expressed for either hydrogen as formula_2, or at the limit of infinite nuclear mass as formula_1. In either case, the constant is used to express the limiting value of the highest wavenumber (inverse wavelength) of any photon that can be emitted from an atom, or, alternatively, the wavenumber of the lowest-energy photon capable of ionizing an atom from its ground state. The hydrogen spectral series can be expressed simply in terms of the Rydberg constant for hydrogen formula_2 and the Rydberg formula.

In atomic physics, Rydberg unit of energy, symbol Ry, corresponds to the energy of the photon whose wavenumber is the Rydberg constant, i.e. the ionization energy of the hydrogen atom.

Jeopardy! Teachers Tournament

The "Jeopardy!" Teachers Tournament is an annual tournament on the American television game show "Jeopardy!" It features full-time teachers of students in kindergarten through twelfth grade. The tournament debuted during Season 27 (2010-2011) and has been played every season since (except for Season 37), always during any of the three ratings sweeps periods (November, February, or May), with the exception of being held from May 25th to June 5th 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Teachers Tournament follows the same 10-game format as the Tournament of Champions, College Championship, and Teen Tournament. The first five games are the quarterfinals, where all fifteen participants play in groups of three. The winners of the five games advance to the semifinals. The players with the four highest scores among non-winners advance as "wild card" players. The nine semifinalists compete in the next three games. Then the three semifinal winners advance to the two-day finals, in which cumulative scores from the two games are added to determine the championship (contestants' scores start at $0 in each game).

The person who wins the tournament receives a $100,000 prize. The first runner up gets $50,000; and the second runner up gets $25,000. Teachers who are eliminated during the semifinals go home with $10,000, and teachers who are eliminated during the quarterfinals go home with $5,000.

In addition to the aforementioned cash prize, the winner also earns an automatic spot in the next Tournament of Champions, although one winner (Larry Martin in 2018) died from pancreatic cancer before reaching that tournament. So far, two Teachers Tournaments winners have made it to the finals of the Tournament of Champions (Colby Burnett in 2013 and Francois Barcomb in 2019); only Burnett won the event. 2016 winner Jason Sterlacci is only other winner to advance to the semi-finals of the Tournament of Champions. Burnett was also invited back to the Battle of the Decades in 2014 where he advanced to the semifinals, and was team captain in the All-Star games in 2019, where he drafted 2017 Tournament of Champions finalist Alan Lin and November 2000 College Champion Pam Mueller as his team members. His team finished as the second runner-up in the event. 2015 winner Jennifer Giles also competed in the All-Star games, as a member of Team Buzzy Cohen. John Pearson was the alternate in the All-Star games.

 Catherine Whitten and Justin Hoffstetter in February 2012 are the first pair of contestants to marry each other. Their marriage took place in January 24, 2015. Maryanne Lewell and Michael Townes in 2013 are the second pair of contestants to marry each other. Their marriage took place in Canada in August 2017.

The Corsair

The Corsair is a book by Lord Byron. It is about the life of a corsair (a person who fights wars at sea) named Conrad.

Don Juan (Byron)

Don Juan is a satirical poem by Lord Byron. It is based on the legend of Don Juan, who was said to be able to seduce many women. The poem is a satire because in the poem it is Don Juan who is seduced by women.

Pineville, Louisiana

Pineville is a suburb of Alexandria. It is in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.

Abstraction (art)

Abstraction in art history is when art does not try to show how something actually looks "but instead use shapes, colours, forms and gestural marks to achieve its effect."

Brian Muller

Brian Leo "Jazz" Muller (11 June 1942 – 12 December 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a prop. He played for Taranaki at a provincial level from 1963 to 1972. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1967 to 1971. He played 35 matches for the All Blacks, including 14 internationals.

Muller was born in Eltham. He died on 12 December 2019 at the age of 77.

List of Louisiana metropolitan areas

The U.S. state of Louisiana has a total of nine Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs). Thirty (30) of Louisiana's sixty-four (64) parishes are classified as metropolitan. As of the 2010 census, these parishes had a combined population of 3,340,667 (74.8% of the state's population). Based on a July 1, 2009, population estimate, that figure had increased to 3,356,913 (74.7% of the state's population).

See also Louisiana statistical areas.

The following table lists Louisiana's metropolitan areas, ranked by population as of February 1, 2013.
Louisiana parishes classified as part of a Metropolitan Statistical Area from 1950 to 2003

Łęczna

Łęczna is a town in eastern Poland with 19,780 people (2014), in Lublin Voivodeship. It is the capital of Łęczna County and the smaller administrative district of Gmina Łęczna. The town is in northeastern corner of historic province of Lesser Poland. On 31 December 2010, the population of the town was 20,706.

Łęczna tops among the hills of the Lublin Upland, at the confluence of two rivers—the Wieprz, and the Świnka.


Nosrat Karimi

Nosrat Karimi (, 22 December 1924 – 3 December 2019) was an Iranian actor, director, make-up artist, professor, scriptwriter, and sculptor. His career lasted for sixty years from 1965 through 2019. He was best known for his role as Agha Joon in "My Uncle Napoleon" and "The Carriage Driver". Karimi was born in Tehran.

Karimi died on 3 December 2019 in Tehran at the age of 94.


Richard Easton

John Richard Easton (March 22, 1933 – December 2, 2019) was a Canadian actor. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. Easton was best known for his role as Brian Hammond in the 1970s BBC serial "The Brothers". He also had television guest appearances on "Doctor Who", "L.A. Law", "Frasier", and "Ed".

In 2001, he won a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for his role in "The Invention of Love". In 2008, Easton was added into the American Theater Hall of Fame.

Easton died on December 2, 2019 of congestive heart failure at his home in Manhattan at the age of 86.


Charles Koffi Diby

Charles Koffi Diby (7 September 1957 – 7 December 2019) was an Ivorian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Ivory Coast from 2012 to 2016. He was born in Bouaké, Côte d’Ivoire.

Diby died on 7 December 2019 of problems caused by anorexia at his home in Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire, aged 62.


William Luce

William Aubert Luce (October 16, 1931 – December 9, 2019) was an American playwright and television writer. He wrote many plays which starred Julie Harris. His best known play works were "The Belle of Amherst" and "Barrymore". He also wrote the television screenplay of "The Last Days of Patton". Luce was born in Portland, Oregon.

Luce died of Alzheimer's disease-related problems at his home in Green Valley, Arizona on December 9, 2019 at the age of 88.


Green Valley, Arizona

Green Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The population was 22,616 at the 2020 census.

Ashland, Oregon

Ashland is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. The city's population was 21,360 at the 2020 census.

Yang di-Pertuan Negara

Yang di-Pertuan Negara or simply Yang di-Pertuan is the name of the head of state of Singapore, Brunei and Malaysia. 

2020 Labour Party leadership election (UK)

The 2020 Labour Party leadership election was held between (21 February – 4 April 2020) to elect a leader to replace Jeremy Corbyn. On 13 December 2019, Corbyn announced that he would not lead the Labour Party into the next general election, following the party's poor performance in the December 2019 election. 

It was won by Keir Starmer who received 56.2 per cent of the vote on the first round. It was held alongside the 2020 Labour Party deputy leadership election.

Jeremy Corbyn was elected Labour Party leader in a 2015 leadership election and re-elected leader in 2016 after a challenge from Owen Smith. While Labour gained seats in the 2017 general election, the party lost 60 seats in the 2019 election, its worst result since the 1935 general election. Corbyn announced that he would resign after a "process of reflection".

The timetable for the election was set by the party's National Executive Committee on 6 January 2020.


The following individuals have been nominated as official candidates by the party:

The following individuals were discussed in the media as potential leadership candidates, but chose not to stand:

Candidates first need to be nominated by at least 10% (twenty-two) of current Labour MPs and MEPs, who make up the Parliamentary Labour Party (PLP) and the European Parliamentary Labour Party (EPLP).

The candidates who have passed this threshold need nominations from at least 5% (thirty-three) CLPs, or at least three affiliates including at least two trades unions that together represent at least 5% of affiliated members.

The table below shows the current number of nominations achieved by each candidate.

2016 Labour Party leadership election (UK)

The 2016 Labour Party leadership election was called when a challenge to Jeremy Corbyn as Leader of the Labour Party arose following criticism of his approach to the Remain campaign in the referendum on membership of the European Union and questions about his leadership of the party.

The result was announced on 24 September 2016. Jeremy Corbyn won the election with 313,209 votes, increasing his share of the vote from 59.5% to 61.8% compared with the result of the 2015 leadership election, and receiving some 62,000 more votes than in 2015.

Maxwell Lord

Maxwell Lord IV is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in "Justice League" #1 (May 1987) and was created by Keith Giffen, J. M. DeMatteis, and Kevin Maguire. He is a powerful businessman. Maxwell Lord was important in the formation of the Justice League International in the DC Universe. He is mainly seen as a villain to Wonder Woman.

Maxwell Lord appeared in an episode of "Smallville" played by Gil Bellows. He was also in the first season of the television series "Supergirl" played by Peter Facinelli. The character made his movie debut in "Wonder Woman 1984", played by Pedro Pascal. He will be played by Sean Gunn in the DC Universe (DCU) franchise.

2019 Samoa measles outbreak

The 2019 Samoa measles outbreak began in September 2019. As of December 13, there were 5,080 confirmed cases of measles and 72 deaths, out of a Samoan population of 201,316. There have also been 10 reported cases in Fiji. It is expected that 70 people will die and up to 6,500 people will be infected.

A state of emergency was declared on November 17, ordering the closure of all schools, keeping children under 17 away from public events, and making vaccination mandatory.

On December 2, 2019, the government imposed a curfew and cancelled all Christmas celebrations and public gatherings. All unvaccinated families have been ordered to display a red flag or red cloth in front of their homes to warn others. On December 5th and 6th, the government shut down everything other than public utilities to move all civil servants over to the vaccination campaign.

Paul Schoeffler

Paul Schoeffler (born November 21, 1967) is an Irish stage, film, television and voice actor.

Open Mind Productions

Open Mind Productions is a British television production company that was founded in 1989 by Roland Tongue and Chris Ellis. Tongue, who left the company at the end of 2011, was previously a film editor at the BBC, while Ellis was previously a teacher and script writer at Children's BBC.

The company has made programmes for children and educational TV, such as The Number Crew, Rat-A-Tat-Tat and Maths Mansion for Channel 4 and Numberjacks, and The Shiny Show for the BBC.

Giza Plateau

Giza Plateau is an ancient plateau in Giza. It has many ancient mysteries about it, and archeologists are still trying find its mystery. The plateau is the site of one of the most impressive ancient monuments around the world, the Pyramids of Giza. It also holds some of the most astonishing monuments in Egyptian history.The Giza Plateau is also home to many other ancient Egyptian monuments,including the tomb of Pharaoh Djet of the First Dynasty as well as that of Pharaoh Nynetjer of the Second Dynasty.The Giza Plateau has astonished tourists and travellers over the years.

Hemberg

Hemberg is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Kirchberg, St. Gallen

Kirchberg is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

Kirchberg is the most north-western municipality in the "Wahlkreis" and in bordered in the west by canton Thurgau and in the east by the Thur river. It has of the village of Kirchberg on a high plateau in the center of the municipality, the village of Gähwil south of Kirchberg and the village of Bazenheid on a terrace above the Thur.

Bäbikon, Bazenheid, Bräägg, Bruberg, Dietschwil, Gähwil, Husen, Lamperswil, Müetligen, Müselbach, Nuetenwil, St. Iddaburg, Stelz, Oberbazenheid, Oetwil, Rupperswil, Schalkhusen, Underbazenheid and Under.


Sennwald

Sennwald is a municipality in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Neckertal

Neckertal is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was created on January 1, 2009, when Brunnadern, St. Peterzell, and Mogelsberg joined together to become Neckertal.


St. Peterzell

St. Peterzell was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was an independent municipality until 1 January 2009, when it joined together with Brunnadern and Mogelsberg to become the municipality called Neckertal.


Lichtensteig

Lichtensteig is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann

Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2010 when Alt St. Johann and Wildhaus joined together to become one new municipality.


Stein, St. Gallen

Stein was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Nesslau-Krummenau and Stein joined together to become the new municipality called Nesslau.


Bütschwil

Bütschwil was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Bütschwil and Ganterschwil joined together to become the new municipality called Bütschwil-Ganterschwil.


Brunnadern

Brunnadern was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was an independent municipality until 1 January 2009, when it joined together with Mogelsberg and St. Peterzell to become the municipality called Neckertal.


Ottawa County, Michigan

Ottawa County is a small county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 296,200 people live here. The county seat is Grand Haven.

Its four most populous cities are Grand Haven, Holland, Jenison and Hudsonville. The county was created in 1837.

FrogWatch

FrogWatch is a name shared by citizen science programs that do the same thing. In a FrogWatch, people make recordings of frogs and other amphibians that live near them and send the recordings to databases for scientists and other people to hear and study.

Not all FrogWatch programs are run by the same people. The Association of Zoos and Aquariums runs FrogWatch USA, Nature Canada runs FrogWatch Canada, the India Biodiversity Portal runs the FrogWatch in India, and other organizations run FrogWatches in other countries.

In citizen science, scientists ask ordinary people to help with scientific research or other work. Citizen science is one kind of crowdsourcing.

The National Geographic Society developed the program that FrogWatch USA volunteers use to add information and that FrogWatch uses to study it. Volunteers record temperature with thermometers and listen for sounds made by specific types of frogs and toads. FrogWatch USA volunteers listen to and record frog habitats for three and a half minutes, starting one half-hour (30 minutes) after the sun goes down.

Scientists have used FrogWatch to study the way frogs and toads change the places they live, which types of frogs are becoming more numerous and which are becoming less numerous, how many different kinds of frogs live in one place, the way they react to changes in how hot or cold it is, and the way they act during different parts of the year.

The United States Geological Survey started FrogWatch USA in 1998, but the National Wildlife Federation took over in 2002.

Between 1998 and 2005, 1,395 people working with FrogWatch USA visited 1,942 places where frogs live and gave information to FrogWatch. They found 79 different kinds of frogs and toads. This does not count visits, places, or species for FrogWatch Canada or FrogWatches in other countries. In 2006, the National Wildlife Federation looked at FrogWatch USA for the U.S. Geological Survey. It said that FrogWatch was so good for science that the USGS should keep giving it enough money to work. It also said that FrogWatch helped teach people and it made scientific work cost less money.

FrogWatch NT works in northern Australia. It started in 1991 after cane toads came to Australia and caused problems there.


Conway Springs, Kansas

Conway Springs is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,086 people lived there.

Conway Springs was founded in 1884. Its name is derived from both Conway Township and a mineral spring nearby.

Captain Hiram Cranmer built the first home in Conway Springs.

Conway Springs is at (37.389546, -97.644332).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Conway Springs has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Conway Springs has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,086 people, 430 households, and 285 families living in Conway Springs. Of the households, 73.0% owned their home and 27.0% rented their home.

The median age was 36.3 years. Of the people, 93.0% were White, 0.7% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 0.3% were from some other race, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,272 people, 450 households, and 313 families living in the city.




Ganterschwil

Ganterschwil was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Bütschwil and Ganterschwil joined together to become the new municipality called Bütschwil-Ganterschwil.


Hackberry, Texas

Hackberry is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lyon County

Lyon County is the name of five counties in the United States:

Adam Jones

Adam LaMarque Jones (born August 1, 1985) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Orix Buffaloes of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Baltimore Orioles and Arizona Diamondbacks.

The Mariners selected Jones in the first round of the 2003 MLB draft. He came up in the Mariners' minor league system as a shortstop before changing to the outfield. He made his MLB debut with the Mariners in 2006. He was traded to the Orioles before the 2008 season. Jones is a five-time MLB All-Star, a four-time Gold Glove Award winner, and a Silver Slugger winner.

Justin Bour

Justin James Bour (born May 28, 1988) is an American professional baseball first baseman who plays for the Hanshin Tigers of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). Bour made his MLB debut in 2014. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Miami Marlins, Philadelphia Phillies, and Los Angeles Angels.

Jiří Jirmal

Jiří Jirmal (24 April 1925 – 11 December 2019) was a Czech jazz classical guitarist and composer. He was born in Prague. Some of his compositions had elements of Brazilian music. He worked for the musical background for Gene Deitch's 1962 Tom and Jerry cartoon "Tall in the Trap".

Jirmal died in Prague on 11 December 2019 at the age of 94.


Peter Snell

Sir Peter George Snell (17 December 1938 – 12 December 2019) was a New Zealand middle-distance runner. He won three Olympic gold medals.

Snell was voted New Zealand's "Sports Champion of the (20th) Century". He was one of 24 inaugural members of the International Association of Athletics Federations Hall Of Fame named in 2012. 

Snell died at his home in Dallas, Texas on 12 December 2019 of cardiovascular disease at the age of 80.

Ushiomaru Motoyasu

Ushiomaru Motoyasu (born Motoyasu Sano; May 11, 1978 – December 12, 2019) was a Japanese sumo wrestler. He was born in Shizuoka, Japan. He began his professional career in 1994 and first reached the top division in 2002. His highest rank was "maegashira" 10. He retired in May 2009.

Motoyasu died of blood cancer in Tokyo on December 12, 2019 at the age of 41.

PHASE 2

PHASE 2 (born Lonny Wood; August 2, 1955 – December 13, 2019) was an American aerosol artist. He was born in New York City. He was known as member of the Zulu Nation. He was active in the 1970s. Phase 2 was known for creating the "bubble letter" style of graffiti writing. He was also influential in the early hip hop scene.

Phase 2 died on December 13, 2019 in New York City from Lou Gehrig's disease-related problems, aged 64.


Mouse Trouble

Mouse Trouble is a "Tom and Jerry" short released in 1944, directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, with music direction by Scott Bradley. It that year it won an Oscar for Best Animated Short Film.


Happy Shopper

Happy Shopper is a British wholesaler. The brand was first owned by Nurdin and Peacock. Nurdin and Peacock is brought by Booker Group in November 1996. 

The name was also widely used for a convenience store franchise between 1971 and 1998. As of 2013, very few stores still operate as Happy Shopper. Most Happy Shopper stores names were changed to Premier Stores brand during 2000s. Premier store is another brand by Booker Group.

Happy Shopper convenience products are sold to independent convenience stores, discount stores, as well as cash and carry companies. Products include groceries, frozen foods, carbonated drinks, prepackaged/dried foods and confectionery, and are an own brand by Premier.

Happy Shopper's first logo was a smiling face with golden hair. In 2000, that logo was changed to a new design by "Partners In Communication", a design consultant company. The new logo caused some controversy.


Anthony, Texas

Anthony is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Horizon City, Texas

Horizon City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Alvin, Texas

Alvin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Clarksville City, Texas

Clarksville City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cisco, Texas

Cisco is a city in Eastland County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,883 at the 2020 census.

Vega, Texas

Vega is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Oldham County.

2038

2038 (MMXXXVIII) will be .



Wattwil

Wattwil is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, Krinau became a part of Wattwil.


Maggie and the Ferocious Beast

Maggie and the Ferocious Beast is a Canadian Childrens Animated TV series. Produced For Nickelodeon By Nelvana And Produced With the Participation of Teletoon and it aired broadcasting from Nick Jr (Nickelodeon) on June 5, 2000 and on until to September 21, 2005 and Noggin on April 7, 2003 to until September 28, 2009

Nesslau

Nesslau is a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2013, when the municipalities Nesslau-Krummenau and Stein joined together to become the new municipality.


Mogelsberg

Mogelsberg was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was an independent municipality until 1 January 2009, when it joined together with Brunnadern and St. Peterzell to become the municipality called Neckertal.


Nesslau-Krummenau

Nesslau-Krummenau was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

Nesslau-Krummenau was created on 1 January 2005. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Nesslau-Krummenau and Stein joined together to become the new municipality called Nesslau.


Victor

Victor could mean:










Victor, California

Victor is a census-designated place (CDP) in California in the United States.

Victor, Colorado

Victor is a city in Colorado in the United States.

Victor, Indiana

Victor is an unincorporated community in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Victor, Montana

Victor is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ravalli County, Montana, United States. The population was 789 at the 2020 census.

Victor, New York

Victor is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 15,860 people lived in Victor.

Victor, South Dakota

Victor is an unincorporated community in Roberts County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Victor was planned out in 1913, and named after Victor Township, in which it is located. A post office called Victor was created in 1913, and remained in operation until 1955.

Victor, Utah

Victor (also known as Desert Lake) is a ghost town in Emery County, Utah, United States.

Xbox Series X and Series S

The Xbox Series X (also known as Xbox Scarlett, Project Scarlett or simply Scarlett) is a video game console announced by Microsoft during E3 2019, which launched on November 10, 2020. It is the successor of the Xbox One.


Karvinen

Karvinen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Luray, Kansas

Luray is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 166.

Mertens, Texas

Mertens is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Gaiserwald

Gaiserwald is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Six (musical)

Six is a British musical with book, music and lyrics by Toby Marlow and Lucy Moss. The musical is about King Henry VIII's six wives. It features the six women singing about their lives with him, and competing to see who had it the worst. In the end, they decide that they should embrace all of their own stories and accomplishments.

Bledlow-cum-Saunderton

Bledlow-cum-Saunderton is a civil parish in the Wycombe district of Buckinghamshire, England. The villages of Bledlow, Bledlow Ridge and Saunderton and the hamlets of Crownfield, Forty Green, Holly Green, Pitch Green, Rout's Green, Saunderton Lee and Skittle Green are there. The 2011 census reported it had a population of 2,469.


Skittle Green

Skittle Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Bledlow-cum-Saunderton in the county of Buckinghamshire, England.

Skittle Green is northwest to the village of Bledlow, very near the Oxfordshire boundary.

Bledlow Ridge

Bledlow Ridge is a village in the civil parish of Bledlow-cum-Saunderton in Buckinghamshire, England. In 2004, 940 people lived there. It is in the Chiltern Hills, about 4 miles SSW of Princes Risborough and on the road between the High Wycombe and Chinnor.

The hamlet was first in the ecclesiastical parish of Bledlow. It became separate in 1868 when the new chapel, dedicated to St Paul, was constructed.

As is common with other similar villages in the Chiltern Hills, properties have become increasingly in demand due to its location and the improvement in rail connections and road connections to London. It has a recently refurbished village shop, "The Country Store" (formerly the "Kedai"), and a local school, Bledlow Ridge School. Bledlow Ridge has a number of clubs, such as 'Bridge', a youth club and a cricket club. As well as the corner shop, there is also an Equestrian Centre, park, tennis courts and a cricket pitch the 'Bledlow Ridge Cricket Club' owns. Yoesden, south of Chinnor Road, is a nature reserve the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust manages.


Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic (Latvian SSR; ; , "Latviyskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika"), also known as Soviet Latvia or Latvia, was part of the Soviet Union, and existed from 1918 to 1920, and from 1940 to 1990.

James McCarthy

James J. McCarthy (January 25, 1944 – December 11, 2019) was an American oceanographer and environmentalist. He was a Professor of Biological Oceanography at Harvard and was President of the American Association for the Advancement of Science from February 2008 to February 2009.

He was on the faculty of the Harvard Medical School Center for Health and the Global Environment. He was born in Sweet Home, Oregon.

McCarthy died on December 11, 2019 at the age of 75.

Stig Sollander

Stig Oskar Sollander (25 June 1926 – 12 December 2019) was a Swedish alpine skier. He competed in the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Winter Olympics. He had his best results in the slalom. He finished fifth in 1952 and winning Sweden's first Olympic medal in alpine skiing, a bronze in 1956.

Stig died on 12 December 2019 at the age of 93.


Richard G. Hatcher

Richard Gordon Hatcher (July 10, 1933 – December 13, 2019) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the first African-American Mayor of Gary, Indiana for 20 years, from 1968 to 1988. Hatcher also was vice-chairman of the Democratic National Committee in the early 1980s. He was born in Michigan City, Indiana.

Hatcher died at the Mercy Hospital and Medical Center in Chicago on December 13, 2019 at the age of 86.

Bernard Lavalette

Bernard Lavalette (20 January 1926 – 14 December 2019) was a French actor, singer and comedian. He was born in Paris. Lavalette was best known for his roles in "The Bureaucrats" (1959), "Heaven Sent" (1963), "Thomas the Impostor" (1964), "Le gendarme se marie" (1968) and "The Apprentice Heel" (1977).

Lavalette died on 14 December 2019 in Paris at the age of 93.

Vladimir Tsyplakov

Vladimir Viktorovich Tsyplakov (; April 18, 1969 – December 14, 2019) was a Belarusian professional ice hockey player winger. He was drafted in the third round, 59th overall, by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft.

Tsyplakov was also an assistant coach with the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.

Sweet Home, Oregon

Sweet Home is a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States. The population was 9,828 at the 2020 census.

Linn County, Oregon

Linn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the population was 128,610. The county seat is Albany. 

James P. McCarthy

James P. McCarthy (born March 7, 1935) is a retired United States Air Force general. He was Deputy Commander in Chief of the United States European Command. He was the ARDI Professor of National Security at the United States Air Force Academy.

Kohei Matsumoto

, is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a forward for SC Sagamihara. He was born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

Matsumoto joined Kokushikan University's football club in 2013, and joined Nagoya Grampus in 2017. Then he was loaned to SC Sagamihara in July 2018. On 10 January 2019, Matsumoto joined FC Maruyasu Okazaki.

"Updated to 3 September 2018".

Andwil

Andwil is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Häggenschwil

Häggenschwil is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Eggersriet

Eggersriet is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Muolen

Muolen is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Waldkirch, Switzerland

Waldkirch is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Wittenbach

Wittenbach is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Berg, St. Gallen

Berg is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Goldach, St. Gallen

Goldach is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Mörschwil

Mörschwil is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


News Gothic

News Gothic is a sans-serif typeface made in 1908 by Morris Fuller Benton. The typeface was used by his company, American Type Founders. News Gothic is like Franklin Gothic, but much lighter.

News Gothic, like other typefaces made by Benton, is a grotesque model. It resembles other serif typefaces made in the time period. The letters are compact, and the descenders (like the tails of g and y) do not go down far. It is different from other sans-serif typefaces, because it is light and has more open letters.

Leiocarpaea

A new name for "Bunias cochlearoides" perennial (rarely biennial) herbaceous plant, a species of the genus Leiocarpaea (Bunias) of the Cabbage family, or Brassicaceae 

Shajapur district

Shajapur District is a district in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The town of Shajapur is the district headquarters.

Rorschacherberg

Rorschacherberg is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Steinach, Switzerland

Steinach is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It is on Lake Constance.


Wartau

Wartau is a municipality in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Degersheim

Degersheim is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. Degersheim is first mentioned in 837 as "Tegarascai." This name contains the Germanic "tegar" (meaning big), and "asca" meaning "ash tree". Degersheim is on the railway line from St. Gallen to Lucerne, and suburban trains connect it to St. Gallen and Wattwil. The through trains to Lucerne no longer stop in Degersheim, they stop in Wattwil (the next stop from Degersheim).


Background music

Background music is music appearing in the background of videos mostly used to create a mood in the media.

Lancaster, Texas

Lancaster is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. The population was 41,275 at the 2020 census. It is a suburb of Dallas and part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.

Mississippi County, Missouri

Mississippi County is a county in Missouri, United States. It is found in the southeast corner of the state. The county seat is Charleston. In 2020, 12,577 people lived in the county.

Pemiscot County, Missouri

Pemiscot County is a county in the southeast part of Missouri, United States. Its county seat is Caruthersville. In 2020, 15,661 people lived there.

Dunklin County, Missouri

Dunklin County is a county in the southeast part of Missouri, in the United States. Its county seat is Malden. In 2020, 28,283 people lived there.

Butler County, Missouri

Butler County is a county in southeast Missouri, United States. The county seat is Poplar Bluff. In 2020, 42,130 people lived there.

Welsh National War Memorial

The Welsh National War Memorial () is in Alexandra Gardens, Cathays Park, Cardiff. The memorial commemorates the servicemen who died during the First World War and has a commemorative plaque for those who died during the Second World War, added in 1949.

Mortal Engines

Mortal Engines is the first book of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" written by Philip Reeve and first published in 2001.

Predator's Gold

Predator's Gold is the second book of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" written by Philip Reeve and first published in 2003.

Infernal Devices

Infernal Devices may refer to:

A Darkling Plain

A Darkling Plain is the fourth book of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" written by Philip Reeve and first published in 2006.

Philip Reeve

Philip Reeve (born Brighton, England, 28 February 1966) is an English writer.

On November 18, 2020, upon asked whether "Mortal Engines" would be rebooted for the television screens, he responded that, while that would be nice, it seemed unlikely.





Infernal Devices (Reeve novel)

Infernal Devices is the third book of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" written by Philip Reeve and first published in 2005.

List of Xeon microprocessors

The following are lists of Intel Xeon microprocessors. The lists are separated by the size on microarchitecture used to create them.



Ben Acton

Benjamin Maxwell Ben Acton (2 December 1927 – 10 July 2020) was an Australian ice hockey player. He competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.

Acton died on 10 July 2020 in Queensland, aged 92.

John Nicholas (ice hockey)

John Allen Nicholas (2 May 1930 – 1966) is an Australian ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Winter Olympics.


Hera Hilmar

Hera Hilmar (born 27 December 1988) is an Icelandic movie and television actress.

Hilmar is the daughter of the film director Hilmar Oddsson and the actress Thorey Sigthorsdottir (Þórey Sigþórsdóttir). Her grandfather was the playwright and theater director Oddur Björnsson.

She graduated from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art in 2011.

Hilmar was nominated for an Edda as Actress of the Year in a leading role in 2007 for her role in "The Quiet Storm". Later she won the same award, twice, first in 2015 for her role as Eik in "Life in a Fishbowl", and then in 2017 for her role as Anna in "The Oath". She was also chosen as one of Europe's Shooting Stars at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2015, as well as winning a ‘special mention’ at the Zurich Film Festival for her role in "Life in a Fishbowl".

She played Lillie Rowe, a 20-year-old nurse from a prominent Philadelphia family, in a period drama film "The Ottoman Lieutenant".

In February 2017, Hilmar was cast in the lead role of Hester Shaw in Peter Jackson’s film, based on the novel of the same name by Philip Reeve, "Mortal Engines". Writer Philippa Boyens described Hilmar's audition via Skype was "flawless". She recounted the challenges. That film, as of 2021, is currently her last international film role before the coronavirus pandemic.

She starred in the Apple TV+ series "SEE" recently as Maghra, the wife of Baba Voss, a character played by Jason Momoa.

She signed on for two projects with the Icelandic Film Centre: a short film called "The Wish" and a film titled "Svar við bréfi Helgu".


Die Caufner-Schwestern

Die Caufner-Schwestern was a group of three singers founded in East Germany in 1977. The three sisters Juliane Albrecht (née Kaufner), Isa Kaufner and Irina Kaufner were the members of the group. The group mostly played disco music.

Even as children, the four sisters Iris, Juliane, Isa and Irina Kaufner sang at the same time together in Rostock. Juliane and Isa were taught to have better vocals from 1972 to 1973 and were members of the College Formation. The pieces of music "Dein und mein", "Als ich nachher von dir ging" and "Vom Träumen" with Isa Caufner as solo singer were on the compilation LP "Examen in Musik", published in 1973. Juliane Kaufner married the musician and later Amiga music producer Klaus-Peter "Biene" Albrecht. In 1976, the four sisters founded the vocal quartet "Caufner-Collection". They were on the television show "Familien-Disko" in 1977. Iris Kaufner left the group. The band had to name itself "Caufner-Schwestern" instead. By 1978, there was five episodes for the "family disco". In 1978, their first single "Komm doch" was released. The next single, "Laß dieses „he“", was also released in 1978. For their tour program "Drei unterwegs", they were awarded the sponsorship award by the General Director of the Komitee für Unterhaltungskunst. Die Caufner-Schwestern appeared on the television show Ein Kessel Buntes and also performed concerts abroad.

In 1980, Isa Kaufner left the group to perform as Isa Caufner. As well as other things, she played for three months in November 1980 in the play "Die Menschenfresserin" by the Bulgarian dramatist Ivan Radojew at the Volksbühne Berlin. In 1982 the musical piece "Man weiß ja nie" by Die Caufner-Schwestern and "Ich bin ich" by Isa Caufner were released on a compilation LP. Juliane Albrecht and Irina Kaufner performed as a duo until 1987. Irina died of cancer in 2010. In 1989, Juliane Albrecht and her husband and other musicians founded the country band "Country Delight", which, as of 2016, they still belong to.




Amiga (record label)

Amiga is a popular music record label in Germany. It used to be a record label of the East German state-owned music publisher VEB Deutsche Schallplatten before becoming a record label of the Bertelsmann Music Group in 1994.

In 1947, actor and singer Ernst Busch became allowed by the Soviet Military Administration in Germany to create a music publishing house, which was named Lied der Zeit GmbH ("Song of the Times"). This publishing company included the label Amiga. In the 1950s, Lied der Zeit became VEB Deutsche Schallplatten ("German Records"), a state-owned company that had a monopoly on making records. VEB Deutsche Schallplatten had multiple record labels, each for different genres; Amiga releases included folk, jazz, pop, rock, Schlager music, chanson, and children's music.

After East Germany and West Germany became one country, most of the public state enterprises that were from East Germany were taken into pieces or sold to private investors. The Amiga label and catalog were obtained by Bertelsmann Music Group in 1994, which then became part of Sony Music Entertainment in 2008.

Amiga's catalog has 2,200 albums and about 5,000 singles, or a total of 30,000 titles.



Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend

Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend is the debut mini-LP and second extended play (EP) by rock band Fall Out Boy. The album was released in 2003. Credits are Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Joe Trohman, Mike Pareskuwicz, T.J. Kunasch, Jared Logan.

1. "Honorable Mention"

2. "Calm Before the Storm" (re-recorded on Take This to Your Grave)

3. "Switchblades and Infidelity" (originally from Project Rocket / Fall Out Boy)

4. "Pretty in Punk"

5. "Growing Up" (originally from Project Rocket / Fall Out Boy)

6. "The World's Not Waiting (For Five Tired Boys in a Broken Down Van)"

7. "Short, Fast, and Loud"

8. "Moving Pictures" (originally from Project Rocket / Fall Out Boy)

9. "Parker Lewis Can't Lose (But I'm Gunna Give It My Best Shot)"

Grail (web browser)

Grail is a free web browser. It was written in the Python programming language. It was made available for multiple platforms. It is open-source, allowing it to be changed to improve it. Grail started to be made in August 1995. It first came out in November 1995. The last version of Grail was version 0.6, which came out on 1 April 1999.

Unlike all web browsers of the time, it can run client-side Python code, mostly like how mainstream web browsers can run client-side JavaScript code.

It is thought Grail has that name because Guido van Rossum liked Monty Python and the Holy Grail, a film by Monty Python, a British comedy group. It is known Python was named after Monty Python.

Car design

Car design is the process of determining how cars and other motor vehicles like trucks look and feel. Most cars are designed by a large group of people that usually includes artists and engineers.

Typically, cars are designed based on many sketches and drawings, along with computer-aided design models. When the design team is satisfied with the basic shape of the car, a life-size model is sculpted from clay. Details are added to the clay model, and its shape may be changed by a small amount.

Then, the interior design team designs the car's interior, making sure that it fits the needs of the customer. These needs include things like comfort and entertainment systems. High-end cars like luxury cars and supercars have fancy interiors and are designed for an enjoyable driving experience, while utility vehicles like vans have plain, rugged interiors designed to endure various types of cargo.

Other parts of the car, such as the chassis and engine, are designed primarily by engineers, as it is less important for these parts to look attractive than it is for them to work properly.

While most early cars were designed around usability rather than looks, that began to change when American businessman Alfred P. Sloan came up with the idea of changing a car's styling every year. This was done from the 1920s onward to keep cars looking "new" for each year they were sold, leaving customers unhappy with older models of the same car and increasing car sales in the United States. Sloan got this idea from bicycle companies.

After World War I, car companies in European countries focused on luxury, and companies called coachbuilders made bodies for luxury cars. Some of these bodies were customized for especially rich customers.

After World War II, the American economy grew and most American citizens were now able to afford cars. Because cars became more important in the United States, so did their styling, with the most famous American car designer being Harley Earl. The influence of car design would also grow massively in Europe, especially within France, Italy, and Germany.

Dance, Dance

Dance, Dance may refer to:


Ripley County, Missouri

Ripley County is a county along the southern border of Missouri, United States. In 2020, 10,679 people lived there. The county seat and largest city is Doniphan.

Ozark County, Missouri

Ozark County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Gainesville. In 2020, 8,553 people lived there.

Gisella Donadoni

Gisella Donadoni (born 1968) is an Italian television presenter, journalist, and actress. She was born in Bergamo, Italy. She began her career in 1994 as a news presenter on TV Bergamo. 

Over the years she worked as a presenter and journalist on many shows on the RAI and Mediaset networks. Her first appearance as an actress was as Regina Sartori in the TV soap opera "Vivere" ("To live"). Her first appearance as a movie actress was in 2018 when she played the role of Angela Stefanelli in "Un nemico che ti vuole bene" ("An enemy who loves you”).

James F. Byrnes

James Francis Byrnes (; May 2, 1882 – April 9, 1972) was an American judge and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was also the 104th Governor of South Carolina from 1951 through 1955. From 1945 through 1947, he was the United States Secretary of State during the Harry S. Truman presidency.

Obazoa

Obazoa is a clade (a group of plants or animals that share an ancestor). It is a Unikont. Unikonts are one of the five superkingdoms in the classification of eukaryotes.

The Obazoa is made up of Breviatea, Apusomonadida and Opisthokonta. It does not include Amoebozoa, because that is a different clade. The connections between opisthokonts, breviates and apusomonads are not well known yet. Probably the Breviatea are the most basic of the three groups. RNA phylogenies (evolution clues) do not give much evidence that Obazoa is a clade. This could still mean Obazoa is from a very old ancestor, and there are not many clues left (because of its age).

Holozoa

Holozoa is a group of living things that includes animals, and some single-celled relatives of animals. It excludes fungi. "Holozoa" is also an old name for the tunicate genus "Distaplia". 

Holozoa is a clade: a group of plants or animals with a common ancestor. It has all organisms close to animals."

An example of a well-known holozoan is the choanoflagellate, which looks a lot like the cells of a sponge. "Proterospongia" is an example of a choanoflagellate that might give clues as to how sponges evolved.

The phylogenic tree (evolution tree) below shows how clades broke into newer clades. This includes Holozoa.

Jane on her Own

Jane on her Own is the fourth book in a series of four American children's picture books written by Ursula K. Le Guin. S. D. Schindler made the pictures. Scholastic published the book in 1999. It tells the stories of kittens who were born with wings. 

Wonderful Alexander and the Catwings

Wonderful Alexander and the Catwings is the third book in a series of four American children's picture books written by Ursula K. Le Guin. S. D. Schindler made the pictures. Scholastic published the book in 1994. It tells the stories of kittens who were born with wings. 

Catwings Return

Catwings Return is the second book in a series of four American children's picture books written by Ursula K. Le Guin. S. D. Schindler made the pictures. Scholastic published the book in 1989. It tells the stories of kittens who were born with wings. 

Catwings

Catwings is the first book in a series of four American children's picture books written by Ursula K. Le Guin. S. D. Schindler made the pictures. Scholastic published the book in 1988. It tells the stories of kittens who were born with wings. 

Lawrence Bittaker and Roy Norris

Lawrence Sigmund Bittaker (September 27, 1940 – December 13, 2019) and Roy Lewis Norris (February 5, 1948 – February 24, 2020), also known as the Tool Box Killers, were American serial killers and rapists who kidnapped, raped, tortured, and killed five teenage girls in Southern California over a period of five months in 1979.

Bittaker was in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Norris was born in Greeley, Colorado.

Norris accepted a plea bargain whereby he agreed to testify against Bittaker and was sentenced to life imprisonment on May 7, 1980, with possibility of parole after serving 30 years. He was incarcerated at Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility in San Diego County, California. He died there on February 24, 2020 at the age of 72.

Bittaker was sentenced to death and was imprisoned at San Quentin State Prison in Marin County, California. He died in prison on December 13, 2019 at the age of 79.

Bittaker and Norris became known as the "Tool Box Killers" due to the fact the majority of instruments used to torture and murder their victims, such as pliers, ice picks, and sledgehammers, were items normally stored inside a household toolbox.

Yury Belyayev (footballer)

Yury Ivanovich Belyayev (; 2 April 1934 – 14 December 2019) was a Soviet football player and coach. He played in 111 matches for CSKA Moscow, scoring 52 goals. He was a member of the national team that won a gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

From 1974 to 1980, he coached in the Soviet Armed Forces.

In 1991, Belyayev was honored as a Merited Master of Sport by the Soviet Union.

On 14 December 2019, Belyayev died at the age of 85.

Gastrointestinal bleeding

Gastrointestinal bleeding (GI bleed), also known as gastrointestinal hemorrhage, is all forms of bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract, from the mouth to the rectum. 

When there is significant blood loss over a short time, symptoms may include vomiting red blood, vomiting black blood, bloody stool, or black stool.

Small amounts of bleeding over a long time may cause iron-deficiency anemia resulting in feeling tired or heart-related chest pain. Other symptoms may include abdominal pain, shortness of breath, pale skin, or passing out.

Sometimes in those with small amounts of bleeding no symptoms may be present.

Puzzle globe

A puzzle globe (also called jigsaw globe, globe puzzle, puzzle ball, puzzle sphere or spherical puzzle) is a series of puzzle pieces that are a complete sphere or globe when put together. Puzzle globes usually have a substrate made of one piece that helps the puzzle pieces as they are put in place. In some puzzle globes, the substrate is made of steel and the puzzle pieces are magnetic, the magnetic attraction keeping pieces on the lower part of the sphere from falling off.

Like a two-dimensional jigsaw puzzle, a globe puzzle is often made of cardboard and the pieces put together make one layer. Most globe puzzles make things in the shape of a sphere, such as the Earth, the Moon, or historical globes of the Earth.

The logo of Wikipedia is a puzzle globe. It has characters from many different writing systems on it.

A jigsaw puzzle globe from the 1870s is in the collection of the Whipple Museum of the History of Science. It is a copy of an earlier one made in Germany.

Chuy Bravo

Chuy Bravo (born Jesús Melgoza; December 7, 1956 – December 14, 2019) was a Mexican-American actor and comedian, best known as the sidekick of host Chelsea Handler on the talk show "Chelsea Lately" during its run from 2007 to 2014. He usually provided comedic relief to Handler's show, and was the topic of many of her jokes. He also appeared in some pornographic videos.

Bravo was born in Tangancícuaro, Michoacán, Mexico. He had dwarfism and was 4 feet 3 inches (130 cm) tall. Bravo died of a heart attack caused by gastrointestinal hemorrhage on December 14, 2019 in a Mexico City hospital at the age of 63.

Greeley, Colorado

Greeley is the city that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Weld County, Colorado, United States. Greeley is in northern Colorado and is north-northeast of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver. 

According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the population of the city is 108,795.

Bill Simpson

Bill Simpson (March 14, 1940 – December 16, 2019) was an American racecar driver and businessman. He was best known as a key figure in the racing safety business with his company Simpson Performance Products. He left Simpson Performance in a controversy surrounding Dale Earnhardt's death.

He was added into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2003. He was the author of the book "Racing Safely, Living Dangerously", and its sequel, "Through the Fire".

Simpson died of stroke-related problems in Indianapolis, Indiana on December 16, 2019 at the age of 79.


Joanna Barnes

Joanna Barnes (November 15, 1934 – April 29, 2022) was an American actress, novelist and journalist. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Her best known roles include Gloria Upson in the movie "Auntie Mame" (1958), which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for New Star of the Year and as Jane in "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (1959).

Barnes died at her home in Sea Ranch, California on April 29, 2022 at the age of 87.


Rebecca Long-Bailey

Rebecca Roseanne Long-Bailey (born 22 September 1979) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Salford and Eccles since the 2015 general election. 

She was the Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy in Jeremy Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet from February 2017 to April 2020, losing the position when Keir Starmer became the leader of the party.

In January 2020, Long-Bailey announced her candidacy for Leader of the Labour Party in the 2020 leadership election. She came in second place with 135,218 votes, representing 27.6% of the total overall votes. The winner of the election was Keir Starmer.

Long-Bailey became Shadow Secretary of State for Education in Keir Starmer's Shadow Cabinet in April 2020. Keir Starmer later sacked her from the Shadow Cabinet in June 2020, saying she shared an article containing an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory. The claim came from an article retweeted by Long-Bailey that was an interview with English actress and Labour supporter Maxine Peake in "The Independent". In one line of the article Peake said "The tactics used by the police in America, kneeling on George Floyd's neck, that was learnt from seminars with Israeli secret services." Long-Bailey said that she shared the article because of Peake's significant achievements "and because the thrust of her argument is to stay in the Labour Party" but she did not endorse "all aspects of it".

2020 Israeli legislative election

Legislative elections for the 23rd Knesset was held in Israel on 2 March 2020. 

According to the relevant , the elections were required to be held no later than the third Tuesday of the Hebrew month of Cheshvan four years after the previous elections, making the latest possible date 31 October 2023. 

However, due to the failed attempts to form a government by 11 December after the September elections, early elections were called, the third within a year.

On 20 April 2020, Benny Gantz and Benjamin Netanyahu announced that an agreement on a unity government had been reached following the election. The deal would involve both parties splitting power and Gantz and Netanyahu taking turns being prime minister. The deal says Gantz will be Vice Prime Minister until October 2021, by then he will become Prime Minister.

Blue and White (political alliance)

Blue and White ( "Kaḥol Lavan") is a centrist and liberal political alliance in Israel.

Participating in the Netanyahu-Gantz Government and the Bennett-Lapid Government.

New Right (Israel)

The New Right (, "HaYamin HeHadash") is a right-wing political party in Israel, established in December 2018 by justice minister Ayelet Shaked and education minister Naftali Bennett.

Participating in the Bennett-Lapid Government.

Labor-Gesher

Labor-Gesher is a joint list of the Israeli Israeli Labor Party and Gesher parties for elections for the twenty-second Knesset. The list is jointly headed by Amir Peretz of the Israeli Labor Party and Orly Levy of the Gesher party.

Jewish Home-National Union

The Jewish Home-National Union is a parliamentary faction represented in the Knesset.

Democratic Union (Israel)

The Democratic Union () is a left-wing political alliance in Israel formed between Meretz, Israel Democratic Party, Labor defector Stav Shaffir, and the Green Movement that ran in the September 2019 Israeli legislative election.

Amir Peretz

Amir Peretz (; born on 9 March 1952 in Boujad, Morocco) is an Israeli politician and trade unionist. He was the leader of the Labor Party, and as a member of the Knesset for the party.

In the 1980s he was mayor of Sderot.

A Knesset member almost continuously since 1988, he has also been Minister of Defence and Minister of Environmental Protection, as well as heading the Histadrut trade union federation between 1995 and 2006.

Since 17 May 2020 he has been minister of economy in the Fifth Netanyahu Government.

Nitzan Horowitz

Nitzan Horowitz (; born 24 February 1965) is an Israeli politician. He is the head of the Meretz party and the Democratic Union. He previously was the chief U.S. correspondent and commentator for the Israeli News Company, known as Channel 2 News. 

In 2013, he ran for mayor of Tel Aviv. Before being elected to the Knesset, he was the Foreign Affairs commentator and head of the International desk at Hadashot 10, the news division of Channel 10. 

In June 2019, he won the Meretz leadership election, and currently serves as leader of the party.

Rafi Peretz

Rafael "Rafi" Peretz (; born 7 January 1956) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi and politician. He was born in Jerusalem.

Peretz was a brigadier general who was the Chief Military Rabbi of the Israel Defense Forces. He is currently leader of the Jewish Home party and a member of the Knesset for the The Jewish Home–Tkuma alliance.

In 2019, he became Minister of Education in the Fourth Netanyahu Government. Since 17 May 2020 he has been minister of Jerusalem affairs in the Fifth Netanyahu Government.

From 2019 to 2021 Peretz was leader of The Jewish Home.

Elaine Hendrix

Katherine Elaine Hendrix (born December 28, 1970) is an American actress, model, producer, singer, dancer, and activist. She is known for her roles in the 1998 remake of "The Parent Trap", "Inspector Gadget 2", and the 2004 documentary movie "What the Bleep Do We Know!?". She was born in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.


Brian Keith

Brian Keith (born Robert Alba Keith, November 14, 1921 – June 24, 1997) was an American actor. His best known movie roles were in the Disney family movie "The Parent Trap" (1961), the comedy "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming" (1966), and the adventure saga "The Wind and the Lion" (1975).

Pokki

Pokki is a free digital distribution platform and Windows Shell extension. It was made by SweetLabs, Inc. It gives computers running Windows a mobile app-like interface. It is available for Windows XP and later; the Windows 8 version takes over the Start screen to imitate a look and feel of the second generation Start menu in earlier versions of Windows.

Pokki is adware, according to Malwaretips. Meanwhile, Sophos AV has said Pokki is "viruses and spyware". 

Pokki first launched as a beta version in June 2011. Pokki's framework is built on Chromium, allowing developers to make desktop applications with normal internet languages, such as HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.

In April 2012, Pokki launched the Pokki Store, a marketplace and app store for desktop apps for social networking services and social gaming apps. With the Pokki Store, users can browse, search, and download applications in various categories. Developers submit applications using the Pokki Developer Center.

In August 2012, Pokki finished being in the beta stage. It said it had 1 million monthly active users. It released the Pokki Menu, an app launcher for access, management, and discovery of its apps, and a notification center for real-time updates.

In October 2012, Pokki for Windows 8 was released as a free software download to bring back core things to the Windows Start menu that had been removed from Windows 8. It had about 1.5 million users as of January 2013.

The Darkness of the Morning

The Darkness of the Morning is a novel by Gordon Parker. It was published in 1975. The novel is about coal miners in 19th-century England. It follows the lives of fictional coal miners and their families through the great strike of 1844, the Crimean War, and the Hartley Colliery disaster of 1862. The book was widely and positively reviewed. In 1978, it was re-published in English with commentary in Russian for school reading.

Marcus Rashford

He plays with balls . Rashford has been with Manchester United since he was seven years old. He made his debut for the first team in 2016 in a game against Midtjylland. He scored two goals in that game, and two more in his next game against Arsenal. Rashford also scored in his first game for the England national team in May 201BC. he sings the song Tarzan the monkey man while on the field 

Rashford also likes Tom to continue the issues of child food povert in the UK. Rashford was awarded Member of the Order of the British Empire for his charity work. In addition, he was also awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Manchester.

Marcus Rashford was born in Wythenshawe, a town in south Manchester. He started playing football at the age of five for Fletcher Moss Rangers. When he was seven, Rashford started at the pre-academy program at Manchester United. Rashford was playing with the Manchester United under-18 team when he got a call to the first-team.

Rashford has said that the Brazilian footballer Ronaldo was his idol growing up.

Rashford was on the bench on 21 November 2015 when Manchester United won 2-1 against Watford. His first start was against Midtjylland in the UEFA Europa League. Anthony Martial was injured in the warm-up to that game, and Rashford replaced him in the starting team. Rashford scored two goals in the game and United won 5-1. Three days later, he started in the game vs Arsenal. In that game, he scored two more goals and provided an assist. United won 3-2. In the 2015-16 season, Rashford scored a total 8 goals in 18 appearances, and won the FA Cup.

Marcus Rashford took number 19 for the new season. Rashford won the EFL Cup with Manchester United in 2017. Rashford scored the crucial winning goal in the Europa League quarter-final. He also started in the Europa League final. Manchester United won 2-0 against Ajax to win the trophy. In total, Rashford scored 11 goals and made 6 assists in the 16/17 season.

Rashford scored against Basel in his UEFA Champions League debut on 12 September. With that goal, he had scored in his first appearances in six different competitions. He scored 13 goals in 52 appearances in the 2017-18 season.

Rashford got the number 10 shirt after Zlatan Ibrahimović left Manchester United. Rashford had a successful season, scoring 13 goals and assisting 9. Rashford helped Manchester United reach the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League. United defeated PSG in the process, with Rashford scoring the decisive goal. 

The 2019-20 season was Rashford's best season by stats so far. In total, Rashford scored 22 goals including 17 in the Premier League. During the season, he struggled with a back injury. This limited his total game time.

Rashford scored 21 club goals in the 2020-21 season and made 15 assists. He enjoyed a particularly good goal-scoring run in the UEFA Champions League. In that competition, he has scored 6 goals in 6 appearances. Rashford was selected for England national team squad in Euro 2021.

Marcus Rashford plays either as a center forward or a wide forward. Rashford has said that he prefers playing as a left winger. Rashford uses his speed and dribbling to play direct football. These qualities make him more effective on the wings.

Rashford comes from a working class family; his mother is Melanie Maynard, a single parent who often had to work multiple jobs to feed their family, sometimes skipping meals herself to ensure Rashford and his siblings ate.In 2012, Rashford was invited to an England under-16 training camp, and was later selected to play in the Victory Shield against Northern Ireland under-16s in September, and Wales under-16s in October. Under-16's manager Kenny Swain later revealed that Rashford only played two appearances for the side due to an understanding with coaches at Manchester United regarding him being underdeveloped physically, and also thought the exposure would have been "too much" for him.

Three weeks after making his senior début for United in early 2016, Rashford made his first appearance for the England under-20 team, providing an assist for Kasey Palmer in a 2–1 defeat to Canada under-20s. Despite already making his senior début earlier in the year, Rashford was called up to the England under-21 team for the first time in August 2016 for a fixture in September against Norway under-21s. He scored a hat-trick in the 6–1 home victory over Norway in his only appearance for the team, scoring the third with a penalty, his first since turning professional. Under-21 manager Gareth Southgate praised Rashford for his humility in dropping down to under-21 level.

Despite having already made his senior tournament début, it was expected Rashford would be available for selection for the 2017 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, with the hopes of gaining more tournament experience. United manager José Mourinho responded to these reports by stating it would make no sense for his development as he was already playing senior football. In April 2017, Mourinho appeared to concede Rashford would attend the tournament, saying he had no right to stop him from participating, but later in the month reiterated his opinion that dropping down wouldn't make sense, with Rashford having gained so much senior experience throughout the season. In May, Rashford made the decision not to go to the tournament, and was instead selected for the senior squad by Southgate, the new manager. Southgate praised the decisions taken by United coaching staff in helping maximise the potential of Rashford by not allowing him exposure at youth level for England, saying his development had been handled well by all parties.

Rashford has teamed up with poverty and food waste charity FareShare to provide meals to poor schoolchildren in the Greater Manchester area. Because of COVID-19 related lockdowns, schoolchildren were not receiving free school meals during this time. Eventually, the charity was able to raise enough money to reach four million children across the country. 

On 15 June 2020, Rashford wrote an open letter calling for the UK government to end child poverty. Bowing to the building pressure, the government extended free school meals for children during summer holidays. On 1 September, Rashford collaborated with multiple parties to create Child Food Poverty Task Force to help further this cause. In October, Rashford was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire. 

Journal of Physics A: Mathematical and Theoretical, Volume 40, Number 28

Santa Clara

Santa Clara (Portuguese and Spanish for Saint Clare or Saint Clair) may refer to:









Floppotron

The Floppotron is a musical instrument. It was made by Polish engineer Paweł Zadrożniak. It is made of a set of computer hardware that plays music together. The latest version, the Floppotron 2.0, has 64 floppy drives, eight hard drives, and two flatbed scanners.

The first version of the Floppotron was made in 2011. It is made of two floppy drives and an ATMega microcontroller. The sound is made by the magnetic head being moved by its stepper motor. The floppy drive's heads have be moved at the correct speed to make the correct sound.

The instrument became well known thanks to a video of the instrument on YouTube playing the Imperial March, which has more than 6 million views.

In 2016, Paweł Zadrożniak made a better version of the Floppotron, which has 64 floppy drives, 8 hard drives, and two flatbed scanners. Every column of eight floppy drives is controlled by an ATMega16 microcontroller, and the hard drives are controlled by two SMD MOSFETs that push and pull. The flatbed scanner head are controlled by Arduino Uno boards.

Any device that has an electric motor can make sound. Scanners and floppy drives use stepper motors to move the head with sensors that scan an image, or read or write, onto a magnetic disk. The faster the motor, the higher the pitch of the sound the motor makes. Hard disks use a magnet and a coil to tilt the head. When voltage is supplied for long enough, the head speeds up and hits the bound, which makes the "drum hit” sound.

The Floppotron makes MIDI music files into commands that tell each device when to buzz, click, or be silent.

As of April 2019, Paweł Zadrożniak's YouTube page shows more than one hundred songs played with the Floppotron. Some of those songs are Queen's "Bohemian Rapsody", Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit", White Stripes's "Seven Nation Army", Eurythmics' "Sweet Dreams" and Michael Jackson's "Thriller".


Taree

Taree is a town on the Mid North Coast, New South Wales, Australia. Taree was colonized in 1831 by William Wynter. The name Taree is derived from "tareebit", a word from the native language Biripi word which means "tree by the river", or more specifically, the Sandpaper Fig ("Ficus coronata"). According to the Australian census, the estimated population in the locality in the year 2016 is 16,197 people.

MacOS Sierra

macOS Sierra (version 10.12) is the thirteenth major release of macOS (previously from 2001 to 2012 and from 2012 to 2016), Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh. It was the first version of the operating system issued under the June 2016 renaming as macOS. Sierra is named after the Sierra Nevada mountain range in California and Nevada.

Intellivision Amico

The Intellivision Amico is a video game console made by Intellivision Entertainment. The console was revealed in October 2018 and pre-orders started in April 2019. The console will come out on April 15, 2021, delayed from October 10, 2020, along with 40 games being made for then.

Most games will be 2D or 2.5D. Other games will be 3D games the company thinks are easy to play and learn. The company helps studios make games for the console with whatever the studios need. All games will have features they will only have on the console. All games will be rated E (Everyone) or E10+ (Everyone 10+) by the ESRB, or PEGI 3 or PEGI 7 by PEGI. Intellivision Entertainment plan to release new games, motion control games, card games and other tabletop games, educational games, and updated classic video games, such as some Intellivision games, some from Imagic, and Atari and arcade games, of which "Moon Patrol" and "BurgerTime" will come out at about the same time as the console. Some Intellivision compilations will have licenses from third-parties, such as "". Games can be downloaded for $9.99 or less when the console comes out, later a higher amount less than $40, or from an RFID card for US$20 to US$30. All games can be played by one player or, because the goal of the system is to go back to family gaming and co-op with people in the same place because the company thinks modern gaming and web-based multiplayer has gone away from that, up to eight players locally. Online multiplayer is planned for a later date.

In May 2018, Tommy Tallarico said he planned to make a new Intellivision console, and made a new company, Intellivision Entertainment, becoming the president of it. Intellivision Productions started to name itself Blue Sky Rangers Inc. instead, and Intellivision Entertainment got the video game things they owned instead.

At the Portland Retro Gaming Expo in October 2018, the Intellivision Amico was officially revealed, such as its name, and the fact it would come out on October 10, 2020. Developer kits were expected to go out in Summer 2019.

In May 2019, Intellivision Entertainment announced its first major game exclusive to the console, a third official Earthworm Jim game, and that it got ten people who helped to work on the original "Earthworm Jim" team to work on it, all for Earthworm Jim's 25th anniversary. In June 2019, the Intellivision Amico could first be used in secret at E3 2019, allowing people with influence in the video game industry to play games in development on consoles, and try using the official mobile app that allowed mobile phones to be controllers for the console.

At Gamescom in Cologne, Germany in August 2019, Tommy Tallarico showed a trailer with footage of video games running on the Intellivision Amico to the public for the first time. In October 2019, Tommy Tallarico came to Insomnia Dubai, a gaming convention held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to say they set up an office in Dubai to make the Intellivision Amico come out in the MENA region on October 10, 2020, the same day as in North America and Europe.

The console has Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, RFID, HDMI out, an SD card slot, and three USB ports. Two of those USB ports can be used for charging, and the remaining USB port allows the console to store more data. There is a LED ambient lighting system built into the body that can change pattern and color in response to gameplay. This system is known as Interactive Guidance Lighting. This feature is intended to make playing games on the console "fun and memorable" while also helping guide players in an interactive way.

The Intellivision Amico comes with two controllers. They can charge wirelessly when they are placed into their cradle, which is on top of the console, charge using a wired USB-C connection, or charge in both ways at the same time. They have Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, RFID, speakers, a microphone, an accelerometer, force feedback and a gyroscope. They also have a full-color touch screen, four big shoulder buttons, a home button and a 64-way pressure-sensitive directional disc with a ring of LEDs all around it. The controllers come with wrist straps so they do not fly away during game action if they are not held in a secure way. Up to six more controllers can connect to the Intellivision Amico. A smartphone running a free controller smartphone app can be used instead of an Amico controller.

Tommy Tallarico, who is the president of Intellivision Entertainment, has said the games that will be available for the Intellivision Amico will be about 20% updated and re-imagined versions of classic video games, 20% original new games, 20% sports and recreation, 20% board games, dice games, card games, word games and puzzle games, and 20% educational games. All games will be both single player and multiplayer, with some games allowing up to eight players to play the game at the same time using controllers and/or mobile phones. Some games will have motion controls, using the accelerometer and gyroscope of the controller. Some games will have the Karma Gaming Engine, a feature that is intended to give players of all skill levels a fair level of competition against each other by always changing the difficulty for players based on how well they are doing in the game. Five games will come with the Intellivision Amico, and it will have about forty more games available when it comes out. Five of the six included games have been announced to be "Skiing", "Astrosmash", "Shark! Shark!", "Cornhole", and "Farkle".

These games have been announced to come out for the Intellivision Amico:


"[This table is lacking citations for many of its entries]"

The Intellivision Amico runs an operating system that is based on Android and Linux only made by the company. In an interview with GamesBeat, Tommy Tallarico said the operating system is "very solid", but "very flexible", saying Linux is the "flexible" part and Android is the "solid" part.


Gena Turgel

Gena Turgel (née Goldfinger; 1 February 1923 – 7 June 2018) was a Jewish Polish author, educator, and Holocaust survivor.

Her memoir, "I Light a Candle", was published in 1987. She spent much of her life educating British school pupils about the Holocaust.

Taki Theodoracopulos

Panagiotis "Taki" Theodoracopulos (; , ; born 11 August 1936) is a Greek journalist and writer. Theodoracopulos's column "High Life" has appeared in "The Spectator" since 1977, where he wrote a series of controversial articles. Some of his articles have been edited by Boris Johnson.

In 2002, Theodoracopulos founded "The American Conservative" magazine with Pat Buchanan and Scott McConnell. He was also the publisher of the British magazine "Right Now!".

He lives in New York City, London and Gstaad, Switzerland.


Anthony Smith (producer)

Professor Anthony Smith CBE (14 March 1938 – 28 November 2021) was a British broadcaster, author and academic. He was President of Magdalen College, Oxford, between 1988 and 2005. He worked for the Annan Committee on The Future of Broadcasting, and became engaged in the national debate which led to the foundation of the UK's Channel 4.

Smith died on 28 November 2021 in London from renal failure, aged 83.

Robert Winston

Robert Maurice Lipson Winston, Baron Winston (born 15 July 1940) is a British professor, medical doctor, scientist, television presenter and Labour Party politician. In December 1995, he became Member of the House of Lords. He was born in London.


Peregrine Worsthorne

Sir Peregrine Gerard Worsthorne (22 December 1923 – 3 October 2020) was a British journalist, writer and broadcaster. Worsthorne spent the largest part of his career at the "Telegraph" newspaper titles, eventually becoming editor of "The Sunday Telegraph" for several years. He left the newspaper in 1997.

Worsthorne died on 3 October 2020 at his home in Buckinghamshire, aged 96.



Paul Oestreicher

Paul Oestreicher (born 29 September 1931) is a German Anglican priest, Quaker, peace and human rights activist. He was born in Meiningen, Germany. He was a member of the General Synod of the Church of England from 1970-81 and 1995-97. From 1981 to 1985 he was Director of the Division of International Affairs of the British Council of Churches. He was a known critic of apartheid and the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.

Lewis Wolpert

Lewis Wolpert (19 October 1929 – 28 January 2021) was a South African-born British developmental biologist, author, and broadcaster. Wolpert was known for his work on the intracellular positional information that guides cellular development.

Wolpert died at a hospital in London on 28 January 2021 from COVID-19, aged 91.


2b2t

2builders2tools (2b2t) is one of the oldest and most notorious "Minecraft" multiplayer game servers. It is the oldest anarchy server in minecraft. It was founded in December 2010 by an unknown owner known online as "Hausemaster".

2b2t is a "Minecraft Java Edition" 1.19 server that operates on a map without any resets since its creation. The server's spawn area is notoriously damaged, reflecting its chaotic nature and lack of rules. Cheating, griefing, violence, and racism are common occurrences on 2b2t. The server gained popularity due to its anarchic and unpredictable nature.

As of October 2023, 2b2t is over 28,300 gigabytes in size and has had more than 821,220 unique players. The server has gained significant attention on YouTube, with numerous videos about it amassing millions of views.

The "Minecraft" server 2b2t.org was founded in 2010 by an unknown owner, known online as "Hausemaster". It was advertised on 4chan and Reddit. Members from different forums launched raids against each other and their work. YouTuber TheCampingRusher uploaded a YouTube video on June 1, 2016, where he played on 2b2t. This caused a conflict on the server known as "The Rusher War". A queue to enter the server was soon added due to the massive influx of new players caused by the video's popularity. Players can also pay $20 to access a separate priority queue for a month.

Since its creation, the server gained attention from the news. Articles were created about 2b2t on "Kotaku, Vice, IGN, Newsweek" and "The Independent". In the book "Master Builder 3.0 Advanced", in April 2015, 2b2t was described as crazy, that it can get "outright wild," and that the server is a "nightmare wasteland." The book also stated that it is known as "online royalty" among "Minecraft" servers.


Fay Weldon

Fay Weldon (born Franklin Birkinshaw; 22 September 1931 – 4 January 2023) was a British author, essayist and playwright. Weldon's most known work is her novel "The Life and Loves of a She-Devil" (1983), which she wrote at the age of 52.

Weldon was born in Birmingham. She lived in New Zealand until the age of 15. She was married three times and had four children.

Weldon died on 4 January 2023, at the age of 91.


Jim Haynes

James Haynes (10 November 1933 – 6 January 2021) was a British sociologist and writer. He was a former figure in the British "underground" and alternative/counter-culture scene of the 1960s. He was the founder of Edinburgh's Traverse Theatre, the paper "International Times" and the London Arts Lab in Drury Lane.

Haynes died on 6 January 2021 at his home in Paris, aged 87.

Jerome L. Singer

Jerome Laurence Singer (February 6, 1924 – December 14, 2019) was an American psychologist. He was the Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the Yale School of Medicine. He was a fellow of the American Psychological Association, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the New York Academy of Sciences. He was known as "the father of daydreaming" due to his works about daydreaming.

Singer was born in New York City. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania. Singer died on December 14, 2019 at a hospital in New Haven, Connecticut at the age of 95.

Tantric yoga

Tantra yoga is a spiritual philosophy of nonduality between our bodies and the world, and sensuality is the connection between the two.

Jerome Kagan

Jerome Kagan (February 25, 1929 – May 10, 2021) was an American psychologist. He was the Daniel and Amy Starch Research Professor of Psychology, Emeritus at Harvard University, and co-faculty at the New England Complex Systems Institute. He was one of the key pioneers of developmental psychology.

Kagan died on May 10, 2021 in Durham, North Carolina at the age of 92.

Mikey Madison

Mikey Madison (born March 25, 1999) is an American actress. She is best known for starring as Max Fox on the FX television comedy series "Better Things" (2016–present) and as Manson Family follower Susan Atkins (Sadie) in "Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood" (2019) and Amber Freeman in "Scream" (2022). She was born in Los Angeles, California. 

Mikey Madison was born on the 25th March 1999, to loving parents who have a career in Psychology (names not disclosed). She is a middle child, two older sisters in their 30's and a twin brother. <ref>

Hallo aus Berlin

Hallo aus Berlin (English: Hello from Berlin) is a British educational television miniseries made by the BBC and the Goethe-Institut working together. It is used in German lessons in the United Kingdom, United States, Sweden, Hungary, Poland, the Netherlands and Australia. The 10 episodes in the series were shown on BBC Schools TV from 19 September 1996. It shows things that have happened, people are asked questions about themselves, energetic music, and animated parts, all like how a magazine would do so. The series is designed for people who are anywhere from 11 years old to 14 years old who are beginning to learn German.

The main characters are Marko Walther, Jessica König, Daniel Augustin, Esther Walk, Thomas Lindel, and Miriam Casten. They are young people who say what life is like in Berlin for them every day. Every episode has an animated sketch and song the host characters, Rolli und Rita, perform.

The episodes can be watched on YouTube or the BBC website.

The characters of the series talk about themselves for the first time. This includes what they look like, their heights and their ages. Rolli und Rita appear for the first time. The Rolli und Rita sketch shows a hall of mirrors in a fairground and talks about colours and parts of the face in German. Thomas talks about his enjoying of cycling, Daniel shows his cartoons, and Jessica goes shopping. Marko talks about his guinea pig, and Miriam talks about her pet dog. Esther is seen doing athletics and talks about what she does. Rolli und Rita perform the song 'Hallo aus Berlin'.

Daniel and his family come to see his grandparents. The other characters talk about their brothers, sisters and pets for the first time. Some people who live in Berlin are asked questions about themselves. Thomas visits the Berlin Zoo and talks about the different animals that are seen there for the first time. The Rolli und Rita sketch shows Rita with a snake at Rolli's house that can solve problems using mathematics. The snake becomes confused and wrecks the room after Rolli asks it a question it finds hard to solve. Rolli und Rita then try to put the broken family portraits together again, incorrectly matching pieces with different family members. Nada, a 17-year-old who lives without his parents in a flat with other young people, talks about himself for the first time, and he talks about the chores and jobs he does when he is there. Rolli und Rita perform the song 'Das ist meine Familie'.

Marko talks about what his house is like. Miriam has breakfast with her family and talks about food that is usually eaten in a meal of breakfast. Some people who live in Berlin are asked questions about themselves. Rolli shows the order in which he does things to get ready in the morning and does not remember to finish doing his chores before his mother comes back to his home. Marko talks about his wardrobe and some of his clothes, and leaves his home to go to school. The different types of houses in Berlin are talked about, and Jessica and Daniel talk about their addresses. Some homeless people are seen being given food in a small restaurant in central Berlin. After that, Esther goes to Jessica's house. When they're there, they talk about Take That and listen to CDs. Rolli und Rita perform the song 'Wo Wohnst Du?'.

Wolfgang, Jessica's cousin, is shown going on an ICE train and going to Jessica's house. He talks with Jessica and her mother on a payphone for a brief amount of time, then goes on the U-Bahn. Thomas meets someone who also enjoys Star Trek at a shop, and they leave the shop together. Wolfgang cannot find the correct way and asks someone who also lives in Berlin for help, only to get a long set of directions. The Rolli und Rita sketch shows Rita trying to talk to Rolli using a mobile phone multiple times and giving him directions that conflict with previous directions, until he accidentally finds out he is on top of a building that's being made. Thomas and his friend buy food, and Daniel, Miriam, Marko and Esther are asked how to find the correct way in Berlin. Wolfgang still cannot find his way and calls Jessica again, and she comes to meet him. Rolli und Rita perform the song "Ist eine Post hier?". Thomas, his friend, Jessica and Wolfgang are seen at the Cup Final match.

Thomas goes to a grocery shop to buy things for his favourite aunt. At the same time, Miriam and Jessica plan to go to McDonald's. Thomas and his aunt go to a cafe to get an ice cream and cake. Rolli und Rita try to make food at home. This goes wrong when Rita covers the room with whipped cream. A Turkish market and some traditional Turkish food are seen. Rolli und Rita perform the song "Einmal Eis, bitte".

Jessica and Marko talk about their schools, and multiple lessons can be seen. Things that are being done when it is lunch break are shown. Arno is found out to be smoking at too early of an age and is sent to the headteacher's office. Because of this, Arno is made to clean for the school as a punishment. At the same time, an English lesson is seen. The Rolli und Rita sketch shows Rolli not doing his homework. Rita appears on a computer screen that is near to him to help him, but both of them run away after he chooses all of the wrong answers. Some students say to Esther, who is the person who represents the class, say they do not want as much German homework. Esther talks about the issue with their German teacher. Jessica talks about the after-school clubs (Arbeitsgemeinschaften). A montage is seen of multiple after school activities. After that, Rolli und Rita perform 'Was ist dein Lieblingsfach?'.

Some students talk about their weekend plans. Miriam talks about her horse and how she rides and cares for it. Arno is seen sleeping. At the same time, Daniel, Thomas and Esther meet in a shop that sells music. Jessica is seen doing ballet. The Rolli und Rita sketch shows them making bad things happen in a music shop with musical instruments that cost a lot of money. A traditional Turkish festival is seen, and the main characters dance in a disco. Rolli und Rita perform "Was machst du am Wochenende?".

Marko plays volleyball and hurts himself. At the same time, Esther gets ready to play sports by playing sports, and plays sports. Foods and activities that are healthy or not healthy are talked about. Marko sees a doctor because he has been hurt, and the doctor sees what should be done about that. In the Rolli und Rita sketch, Rolli und Rita choose to go bowling, which goes wrong. Jessica, Marko, and Esther talk about their favourite sports. Karate lessons are seen, and Thomas, Daniel and Miriam talk about their favourite activities. Some children in wheelchairs are seen playing basketball. Rolli und Rita perform 'Ich habe zehn Finger'. The characters are then seen at an indoor water park.

Daniel's mother reserves hotel rooms at a hotel near the Ostsee, where the family is going on holiday. A Turkish festival is seen, and Jessica has her Confirmation at the church. Miriam celebrates her 14th birthday with her family, Thomas, and Jessica. In the Rolli und Rita sketch, Rolli und Rita are on holiday, and do not know a storm is coming before being struck by lightning. Daniel is with his family on the Ostseeküste (Baltic Sea Coast), and they ride a boat. Rolli und Rita perform 'Wann hast du Geburtstag?'.

The last episode of the series shows much of the culture in Berlin. Jessica goes around the shops of Berlin and the KaDeWe. Thomas talks about the history of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, a reminder of World War 2, and Daniel eats in a restaurant that is in Berlin. Esther talks about where she lives, Kreuzberg, and looks around its shops and restaurants. Marko talks about the history of the Berlin Wall, and talks about the plans for Potsdamer Platz to be constructed on that were new at the time. The characters say goodbye in a theme park. Rolli und Rita perform the song 'Das ist unser Berlin', which ends the series.

Rolli und Rita are two characters who are teenagers and are animated using computers. In every episode of the series, they appear in a sketch and perform a song.

The characters were said to be the most advanced ones when the series was first shown in 1996. Baxter Hobbins Slides, which was independent, used 3D motion-capture suits with motion sensors to make animated 3D models so the characters could make the same movements as the actors. These 3D models were wireframe models at first, then skin and clothes were added to them. The lip movements of the characters were done by using the real lip movements of the actors filmed behind a blue screen.

The voices in the sketches were later replaced with a version in French for "Quinze Minutes Plus" as "Juju et Juliette", and a version in Spanish for "Revista" as "Julio y Julia". 

The characters (mostly Rolli) and the music videos for 'Wann Hast Du Geburtstag?' and ‘Was Ist Dein Lieblingsfach?’ later became a small meme, due to Rolli's dance movements being very big.

Rolli was voiced by Frido Ruth. Rita was voiced by Nina Hamm, except for the singing parts, which were voiced by Christina Fry, a professional actress, singer, voice-over artist, comedienne, writer, presenter and cabaretist.

Singleton, New South Wales

Singleton is a town on the banks of the Hunter River, New South Wales, Australia. Singleton is northwest of Sydney and northwest of Newcastle. According to the 2016 Australian census, the estimated population number of the town was 13,214 people in the urban centres and localities.

Glide (API)

Glide is a 3D graphics API made by 3dfx Interactive for their "Voodoo Graphics" 3D accelerator cards. It was proprietary at first, then 3dfx later made it open source. It was only designed to draw graphics, mostly geometry and texture mapping, in data formats like those used in their cards. It was popular in the late 1990s because 3Dfx 3D accelerator cards were widely used, but became obsolete because Microsoft's Direct3D got better, full OpenGL implementations from other graphics card vendors came out, and 3D hardware became more diverse.

Glide is based on the basic geometry and "world view" of OpenGL 1.1. That version of OpenGL is an API that has 336 calls, most of which were not of use to draw graphics for video games at the time. Glide was designed to only have the features that were of use to draw graphics for video games at the time. The allowed the API to be small enough to fully run using late-1990s hardware.

Voodoo cards dominated the video game market during the last half of the 1990s because they ran fast and Glide was easy to use. The name Glide was chosen to reference OpenGL, which it was based on, while being different enough to not make trademark problems happen. 

Glide emulator development started in the late 1990s. Before 3dfx ended, the company tried very hard to stop these attempts, ending early emulation projects using legal threats. Before it ended and Nvidia bought its assets, 3dfx made the Glide API, and also the Voodoo 2 and Voodoo 3 specifications, open source. It later became an open source project. No games released after 1999 only support Glide for 3D acceleration (Direct3D and OpenGL are used instead), but Glide emulation is still needed to run older games with hardware acceleration. Because the specifications and code are now open source, multiple emulators and wrappers are available that allow older games that use the Glide API to run on non-Voodoo hardware. Other projects, such as Glidos, allow even older games to use Glide.



Kenning

A kenning is a phrase that describes a noun in metaphorical terms often in a form of imagery. It is often used in literature.


Adam Price

Adam Price (born 23 September 1968) is a Welsh politician. He is the leader of Plaid Cymru since 2018. He has sat in the National Assembly for Wales for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Carmarthen East and Dinefwr constituency.

Colum Eastwood

Colum Eastwood MP MLA (born 30 April 1983) is a Northern Irish politician. He has been the leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) since 2015. He was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011, and had since been re-elected. He quit in 2019.

He was also the SDLP candidate in the 2019 European Parliament election to represent Northern Ireland. In December 2019 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Foyle.

Eastwood was also mayor of Derry from 2010 to 2011.

Naomi Long

Naomi Rachel Long (née Johnston; born 13 December 1971) is a Northern Irish politician. She has been leader of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland since 2016. She has again been a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Belfast East since 2020. She has also been minister of Justice in the government of Northern Ireland since 2020.

From 2010 to 2015 she was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Westminster constituency of Belfast East. She was the second elected female Lord Mayor of Belfast from 2009 to 2010. 

In 2019, she was elected as the Alliance Party candidate for the European Parliament, becoming the first ever Alliance MEP.

Karin Balzer

Karin Balzer (née Richert, 5 June 1938 – 17 December 2019) was a East German hurdler. She competed in the 80 m hurdles event at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics, and in the 100 m hurdles in 1972. She won a gold medal in 1964 and a bronze in 1972.


Bronco Horvath

Bronco Joseph Horvath (March 12, 1930 – December 17, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 434 games in the NHL between 1955 and 1968. Horvath played for New York Rangers, Montreal Canadiens, Boston Bruins, Chicago Black Hawks, Toronto Maple Leafs and Minnesota North Stars. He was born in Port Colborne, Ontario.

Horvarth died on December 17, 2019 at the age of 89.

Tunç Başaran

Tunç Başaran (October 1, 1938 – December 18, 2019) was a Turkish screenwriter, movie director, movie producer and actor. He was born in Istanbul. In 1964 he directed his first feature "Survival". By 1962, he had directed about 40 movies. He directed "Ayşecik ve Sihirli Cüceler Rüyalar Ülkesinde", "Don't Let Them Shoot the Kite" and "Piano Piano Kid".

Başaran died on December 18, 2019 in Istanbul of soft-tissue sarcoma at the age of 81.

Zafar Chaudhry

Zafar Ahmad Chaudhry (Urdu: ظفر احمد چودھری; 19 August 1926 – 17 December 2019), , was a Pakistani human rights activist and an airline executive. He was the first Chief of Air Staff of Pakistan Air Force, appointed in 1972 until his resignation in 1974. He was born in Sialkot, Punjab in British India.

Chaudhry died on 17 December 2019 in Lahore of cardiac arrest at the age of 93.

Geulah Cohen

Geulah Cohen (, 25 December 1925 – 18 December 2019) was an Israeli politician and activist. She founded the Tehiya party. She won the Israel Prize in 2003. She was born in Tel Aviv. Cohen was a member of Knesset between 1972 and 1992. 

Cohen died on 18 December 2019 at the age of 93.

Kenny Lynch

Kenneth Lynch, OBE (18 March 1938 – 18 December 2019) was an English rock singer-songwriter, entertainer and actor. He appeared in many variety shows in the 1960s. His best known single was "You Can Never Stop Me Loving You". An actor, his best known role were in "Carry On Loving" and "The Playbirds".

He died in the early hours of 18 December 2019 of cancer, aged 81.


Filozoa

Filozoa is a clade (a group of plants or animals with a common ancestor) that is in the Opisthokonta clade. It includes animals, and their close single-celled relatives. These relatives are more closely related to animals than they are to fungi, and other Opisthokonts.

Three groups are in Filozoa: Filasterea, Choanoflagellatea, and Kingdom Animalia. Animalia is the most important one, which has all proper animals in it.

The phylogenic tree (evolution tree) below shows how clades broke into newer clades. This includes Filozoa.

Ibrahim Diarra

Ibrahim Diarra (25 May 1983 – 18 December 2019) was a French rugby union footballer. He played as a flanker for Castres. He was born in Paris. He made his international debut for France.

Diarra died on 18 December 2019 in Paris of a stroke at the age of 36.

Constitution Party

Constitution Party, Constitutional Party, or Constitutionalist Party may refer to one of several political parties.



Wimberley, Texas

Wimberley is a city in Hays County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,839 at the 2020 census.

Edward C. Schmults

Edward Charles Schmults (born February 6, 1931) is an American lawyer. He was the Deputy Attorney General of the United States from 1981 to 1984 during the Ronald Reagan presidency. He studied at Yale University and Harvard Law School. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey.

Ralph E. Erickson

Ralph E. Erickson (born October 3, 1928) is an American lawyer. He was the 11th Deputy Attorney General of the United States from 1972 to 1973 during the Richard Nixon presidency. Erickson was born in Jamestown, New York.

Philip Heymann

Philip B. Heymann (October 30, 1932 – November 30, 2021) was an American lawyer, federal prosecutor, legal scholar and law professor.

He was in charge of the Criminal Division of the Justice Department as Assistant Attorney General during the Carter administration and was briefly Deputy Attorney General in the Clinton administration. 

Heymann died on November 30, 2021 in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by a stroke, one month after his 89th birthday.

Diophantus

Diophantus of Alexandria was an ancient Greek mathematician. He is well known for his series of books called "Arithmetica". He mainly focused on solving algebraic equations. His work was built upon by Pierre de Fermat, a French mathematician, who claimed that a certain equation created by Diophantus was unsolvable. The attempts to prove this claim, now known as Fermat's Last Theorem, led to major advances in number theory.

Not much is known of Diophantus's life. Some information is given by another Greek mathematician, Metroduros, through various problems that he wrote which supposedly contained hints about Diophantus' life. 

Diophantus' main notable work is his series of books called "Arithmetica." It is a collection of problems and solutions to those problems. These problems have come to be known as Diophantine equations. The method in which they are solved is now called Diophantine analysis.

John Lewis

John Robert Lewis (February 21, 1940 – July 17, 2020) was an American politician and civil rights leader. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1987 until his death in 2020. He was the dean of the Georgia congressional delegation. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Lewis, who as chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) was one of the "Big Six" leaders of groups who organized the 1963 March on Washington.

John Lewis was born in 1940 in Troy, Alabama to Eddie Lewis and Willie Mae Lewis (née Carter), who were sharecroppers in Pike County, Alabama. Sharecroppers were people who were allowed to rent a part of a piece of land for return of a share of the crops they harvested. He was the third of ten children.

He experienced segregation as a young boy in the Southern United States. When he went to visit relatives in the Northern US, he learned that places there were integrated and served Black people and white people equally.

Lewis married Lilian Miles in 1968. They had a son, John-Miles. Lillian died on December 31, 2012.

In December 2019, Lewis was diagnosed with stage IV pancreatic cancer. He died in Atlanta, Georgia on July 17, 2020 from the disease, aged 80. His funeral was held at Martin Luther King Jr.'s Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta.


Tamisuke Watanuki

He was elected to the Diet in 1969 as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.

He was Speaker of the House of Representatives from July 2000 to November 2003.

Yoshio Mochizuki

Mochizuki died on 19 December 2019 at a hospital in Shimizu, Shizuoka of liver failure. He was 72.


List of speakers of the House of Representatives (Japan)

List of speakers ("gichō") and vice-speakers ("fuku-gichō") of the House of Representatives.


House of Representatives (Japan)

The is the lower house of the National Diet of Japan. The House of Councillors is the upper house.

The House of Representatives has 465 members, elected for a four-year term.


House of Councillors (Japan)

The is the upper house of the National Diet of Japan. The House of Representatives is the lower house. 

The House of Councillors has 242 members who each serve six-year terms, two years longer than those of the House of Representatives. Councillors must be at least 30 years old, compared with 25 years old in the House of Representatives.


List of presidents of the House of Councillors (Japan)

List of presidents ("gichō") and vice presidents ("fuku-gichō") of the House of Councillors.


Chikage Oogi

, real name (10 May 1933 – 9 March 2023 as , was a Japanese actress and politician. She became the first female President of the House of Councillors in 2004.

Azuma Koshiishi

He was elected to the House of Representatives of Japan in 1990, where he served for two terms until 1996 when he failed to be re-elected. He was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 1998.

Masatoshi Wakabayashi

Leader of the Opposition (Japan)

The is the leader of the largest opposing party to the Japanese government. The role is not an official office.


Yukio Edano

He was the head of the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan from 2017 until 2021.

2021 Japanese general election

The was held on 31 October 2021.

It was the first general election in the Reiwa era, ending the nine-year Shinzo Abe era and a controversial Suga Cabinet.

The ruling party, the LDP, is projected to win a sole majority, passing the 233 seats needed.

Jaye P. Morgan

Jaye P. Morgan (born Mary Margaret Morgan; December 3, 1931) is an American popular music singer, actress, and game show panelist.

In 1961, Morgan was cast as Sally Dwight in the episode "Money and the Minister" of the CBS anthology series, "General Electric Theater", hosted by Ronald Reagan.

In 1973, Morgan played herself in the episode "The Songwriter" of the sitcom, "The Odd Couple". She appeared as Magda Valentine in the movie "The All-American Boy", and continued to play small roles in movies such as "Loose Shoes" (1980), "Night Patrol" (1984) and "" (1992).


Mancos, Colorado

The Town of Mancos is a Statutory Town located in Montezuma County, Colorado, United States. The town population was 1,196 at the 2020 United States Census.

Cortez, Colorado

Cortez is a Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Montezuma County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 8,766 at the 2020 United States Census.

Jimmy Dean

Jimmy Ray Dean (August 10, 1928 – June 13, 2010) was an American country music singer, television host, actor, and businessman. He was the creator of the Jimmy Dean sausage brand.

He became a national television personality starting on CBS in 1957. His best known hit was "Big Bad John" and he was known for his 1963 television series "The Jimmy Dean Show". He died on June 13, 2010, at the age of 81.

Plainview, Texas

Plainview is a city in and the county seat of Hale County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,187.

Henrico County, Virginia

Henrico County (formerly Henrico Shire) , officially the County of Henrico, is a county in the Virginia in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 334,389.

Laurel, Virginia

Laurel is a census-designated place (CDP) in Henrico County, Virginia. The population was 16,713 at the 2010 United States Census. It is the county seat of Henrico County.

Oskar Lindblom

Oskar Lindblom (born 15 August 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward. He plays with the Philadelphia Flyers organization of the National Hockey League (NHL) since 2014. He was born in Gävle, Sweden.

On 13 December 2019, Lindblom was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer.

Greg Kirk

Greg M. Kirk (September 24, 1963 – December 22, 2019) was an American politician. He was born in Americus, Georgia. He was a member of the Georgia State Senate from the 13th District, representing, from 2014 until his death. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In June 2019, Kirk was diagnosed with bile duct cancer. He died under hospice care in Americus from the disease on December 22, 2019 at the age of 56.

Jules Deelder

Jules Anton Deelder (24 November 1944 – 19 December 2019) was a Dutch poet, spoken word poet and writer. He was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands.

His poems usually focused on life in Rotterdam, drug use, and jazz. He was well known in the Netherlands for his live performances and appearances in Dutch popular media. He was known as the "night mayor of Rotterdam".

Deelder died on 19 December 2019 in Rotterdam of a heart attack at the age of 75.

Nashville, North Carolina

Nashville is a town in Nash County, North Carolina, United States. The town was founded in 1780. It is part of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of Nashville was 5,632 in 2020. It is the county seat of Nash County. 

Leandro Despouy

Leandro Despouy (April 4, 1947 – December 18, 2019) was an Argentine human rights lawyer and politician. He was born in San Luis, Argentina. He was the United Nations Commission on Human Right's Special Rapporteur on the Independence of Judges and Lawyers from August 2003 until July 2009.

From 2002 through 2016, he was the General Auditor of Argentina.

Despouy died of cancer in Buenos Aires on December 18, 2019 at the age of 72.


Alain Barrière

Alain Barrière (born Alain Bellec; 18 November 1935 – 18 December 2019) was a Breton-French pop singer. He was active from the 1950s until his death and was known for participating in the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest for his hit song "Elle était si jolie". Barrière was born in La Trinité-sur-Mer, Brittany, France.

Barrière died of cardiac arrest in Carnac, France on 18 December 2019 at the age of 84.


Bruno Scipioni

Bruno Scipioni (July 29, 1934 – December 5, 2019) was an Italian actor. He was born in Rome. His best known roles were in "Kapo", "The Pizza Triangle" and in "La figliastra".

Scipioni died on December 5, 2019 in Rome at the age of 85. 

Bill Schulz (politician)

William R. Schulz (born April 4, 1931) is an American businessman and politician. He was an Independent candidate for Governor of Arizona in the 1986 gubernatorial election, and was the Democratic nominee against Barry Goldwater in the 1980 U.S. Senate election. He was born in Des Moines, Iowa.


Saddle River, New Jersey

Saddle River is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 3,372.

Lavallette, New Jersey

Lavallette is a borough in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,787.

Mount Nebo

Mount Nebo (; ) is an elevated ridge of the Abarim in Jordan. It is about above sea level. It is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as the place where Moses was granted a view of the Promised Land. Mount Nebo is claimed to be the death place of Moses.

<br>

Dwarf Fortress

Dwarf Fortress (also known as Slaves to Armok: God of Blood Chapter II: Dwarf Fortress) is an indie game created by Tarn and Zach Adams. It has three modes, each providing a different experience but all sharing a fantasy setting. It is currently in Alpha, and has been in development since 2002. The game has simple text-based graphics inspired by classic roguelikes. There is no way to win, but various ways of losing an in-game fortress or adventurer. A popular meme within the game's fanbase is "Losing is fun!"

Before the game can be played, a world must be made. The player can choose the size, number of groups, and various other bits of the world. After this, they are shown a world made to their liking and can use it or ask for another.

In "Fortress Mode", the player manages a fortress of dwarves. Among other things, the player is able to construct buildings, build an army, and break holes. Their dwarves must be fed, entertained, and protected from hazards to survive. Hazards include flooding, sieges, magma, and a variety of hostile creatures.

In "Adventure Mode", the player explores the world as their own character. Through exploration, they can gather information on characters and places across the map. Quests can be discovered by listening to friendly NPCs. Most quests focus around killing villains or monsters, and reward fame. Some friendly NPCs can be made into companions, who will aid the player in their travels. The player character has the same needs as the dwarves, including hydration and rest. This mode features a deeper combat system where body parts can be targeted.

In "Legends Mode", the player can read the generated history of their world. Historical figures, artifacts, and battles are described. A historical map of the world is included.

In their youth, the Adams brothers were avid fans of sci-fi and fantasy games. They became curious about computer game development and Tarn worked to learn programming. The two programmed various computer games including "Slaves to Armok: God of Blood", a role-playing game focused around killing goblins. Using much of the system created for "Armok" and inspiration from their mining game "Mutant Miner", they began work on "Dwarf Fortress" in 2002. The game has been in development since 2006, with frequent updates on progress and planned features. The game is free to download and its development is funded through PayPal donations.

Golden Child (band)

Golden Child (; abbreviated as GNCD or GolCha) is a South Korean boy band formed on 2017 by Woollim Entertainment. The group debuted on 28 August 2017 with their extended play, "Gol-Cha!". Originally consist of eleven members, Park Jae-seok later departed from the group in January 2018.


Re-boot (Golden Child album)

Re-boot is the first studio album by South Korean band, Golden Child. The album was released on 18 November 2019 by recording label, Woollim Entertainment. Consists of 12 songs, the track "WANNABE" was chosen as the title track for the album.

Kenshi Yonezu

As Composer, Lyricist, and Producer

As featured artist

Wilhelm Helms

Wilhelm Helms (19 December 1923 – 8 December 2019) was a German politician. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1969 to 1972. Helms was known for his 1972 party switch that threatened to collapse the government of Chancellor Willy Brandt. From 1979 through 1984, Helms was a member of the European Parliament. Helms was born in Twistringen, Lower Saxony.

Helms died on 8 December 2019 in Vechta, Germany at the age of 95.

Hans Kornberg

Sir Hans Leo Kornberg, FRS (14 January 1928 – 16 December 2019) was a German-born British-American biochemist. He was Sir William Dunn Professor of Biochemistry in the University of Cambridge from 1975 to 1995, and Master of Christ's College, Cambridge from 1982 to 1995. He was born in Herford, Germany.

Kornberg died on 16 December 2019 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 91.


Matti Ahde

Matti Allan Ahde (23 December 1945 – 20 December 2019) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Ahde was born in Oulu, Finland. He was the Minister of the Interior (1982–1983), Minister of the Environment (1983–1987) and Speaker of the Parliament (1987–1989).

On 20 December 2019, Ahde died from pancreatic cancer at his home in Helsinki, aged 73.

Speaker of the Parliament of Finland

The speaker of the Parliament of Finland (Finnish "eduskunnan puhemies", Swedish "riksdagens talman"), along with two deputy speakers, is elected by Parliament during the first plenary session each year. 

Speakers are chosen for a year at a time.

Matti Vanhanen

Matti Taneli Vanhanen () (born 4 November 1955) is a Finnish politician. He was Prime Minister of Finland from 2003 to 2010. He was also Chairman of the Centre Party, and in the second half of 2006 he was President of the European Council. In June 2019, he became Speaker of the Parliament of Finland.

Erkki Pystynen

Erkki Topias Pystynen (born 2 November 1929) is a Finnish politician. He was a member of the National Coalition Party. Pystynen was born in Heinola, Finland. Pystynen was a professor in Tampere University. He was elected to the parliament in 1975 and was the Speaker from 1983 to 1986. He left the Parliament in 1991.

Ilkka Suominen

Ilkka Olavi Suominen (8 April 1939 – 23 May 2022) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the National Coalition Party. He was President of the Nordic Council in 1992. In 1987, he was the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland.

He was member of the parliament from 1970 to 1975 and from 1983 to 1994. He held the position of minister of trade and industry in Holkeri cabinet 1987-1991. 

Suominen left parliament to become CEO of state monopoly Alko. He was elected as a member of the European Parliament (MEP) for one term 1999-2004 (EPP).

Suominen died on 23 May 2022 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 83.

Francisco Brennand

Francisco Brennand, or "Francisco de Paula de Almeida Brennand", (June 11, 1927 – December 19, 2019) was a Brazilian sculptor. He worked in several different media. He was best known for his work in ceramic sculpture. Brennand was born in Recife, Pernambuco. He also used ceramics to create floor and wall tiles for construction.

Brennand died on December 19, 2019, in Recife of respiratory tract infection-related problems at the age of 92.



George Metallinos

Protopresbyter (Archpriest) Fr. George Metallinos (in Greek π. Γεώργιος Μεταλληνός; 11 March 1940 – 19 December 2019) was a Greek theologian, priest, historian, author and professor. Metallinos was born in Corfu, Greece.

In 1971, he was ordained a member of the clergy and became Doctor of Theology (University of Athens) and Doctor of Philosophy - History (University of Cologne). In 1984 he became Professor at the School of Theology of the University of Athens, teaching "History of Spirituality during the Post-Byzantine Period", "History and Theology of Worship", and "Byzantine History".

Metallinos died in Athens on 19 December 2019 at the age of 79.


Shahdon Winchester

Shahdon Shane Andre Winchester (8 January 1992 – 19 December 2019) was a Trinidadian professional footballer. He played as a winger for the Trinidad and Tobago national team from 2010 through 2017.

Winchester was one of four people killed in a car crash on 19 December 2019 in Gasparillo, catching on fire, aged 27.

Alba Zaluar

Alba Maria Zaluar (2 June 1942 – 19 December 2019) was a Brazilian anthropologist. Her works focused in anthropology of violence. In 1984, she got her PhD in social Anthropology at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. Zaluar was born in Rio de Janeiro. 

Zaluar worked as invited professor in the State University of Campinas, and as professor in the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, where she coordinated the "Núcleo de Pesquisas da Violência" (NUPEVI), located in the Institute of Social Medicine.

Zaluar died on 19 December 2019 in Rio de Janeiro of pancreatic cancer, aged 77.

William S. McFeely

William Shield McFeely (September 25, 1930 – December 11, 2019) was an American historian and educator. In 1982, he won the Pulitzer Prize. He worked at Yale University, the University of Georgia and at Harvard University. McFeely was known for his biographies about Ulysses S. Grant and the Reconstruction era.

He was born in New York City. McFeely studied at Amherst College and at Yale University.

McFeely taught at Yale until 1970, during the Civil Rights Movement and Black Power movements. One of his black students in his class was Henry Louis Gates Jr..

McFeely was known for his Pulitzer Prize-winning 1981 biography of Ulysses S. Grant. His works also focused on the Reconstruction era, and for the field of African-American history. He retired as the Abraham Baldwin Professor of the Humanities emeritus at the University of Georgia in 1997. He began working for Harvard University in 2006.

McFeely died of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis on December 11, 2019 at his home in Sleepy Hollow, New York at the age of 89.



Black Power

Black Power is a political slogan and a name for many ideologies that are pro-African-American identity. It is used mainly in the United States. The Black Power movement was created in the late 1960s and early 1970s.

Clive Lewis (politician)

Clive Anthony Lewis (born 11 September 1971) is a British Labour politician and journalist. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich South since winning the seat at the 2015 general election.

Lewis was appointed by Jeremy Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Defence in June 2016, and later appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy in the October 2016 reshuffle.

In December 2019, Lewis announced his candidacy for Leader of the Labour Party in the 2020 leadership election. He dropped out from the race on 13 January 2020.

Lisa Nandy

Lisa Eva Nandy (born 9 August 1979) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Wigan since 2010. She was Shadow Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from September 2015 until June 2016. She became the Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs on 5 April 2020.

Nandy ran in the 2020 Labour Party leadership election. Out of three candidates she came in third place and received 79,597 votes, representing 16.2% of the total vote.

A day after the 2020 Labour Party leadership election on 5 April 2020, the winning candidate, Keir Starmer, appointed Nandy in the shadow cabinet in the role of Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs.

Keir Starmer

Sir Keir Rodney Starmer (born 2 September 1962) is a British politician who has served as leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition since 2020. Since 2015 he has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Holborn and St Pancras, a constituency of the UK Parliament in Inner London. He has been re-elected as the constituency's MP in the 2017 general election, and 2019 general election.

Starmer was the "Shadow Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union" in Jeremy Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet. He was Director of Public Prosecutions and Head of the Crown Prosecution Service from 2008 to 2013.

In January 2020, Starmer announced his candidacy for Labour Leader in the 2020 election. On 4 April 2020, Starmer was elected as leader of the Labour Party, and as the Labour had the second most number of seats in the House of Commons, this made him the Leader of the Opposition. He was elected as leader of the Labour Party in the first round of voting using the single transferable vote (stv) method of voting. Starmer won with 275,780 votes (56.2%). He got 40,417 (53.13%) of the affiliates vote, 225,135 (56.07%) of the Labour Party members vote, and 10,228 (78.64%) of the registered supporters vote.

Starmer is an atheist, but has said that he "does believe in faith", and its power to bring people together. His wife, Victoria Alexander, is Jewish, and their two children are brought up in Jewish faith.

Jonathan Ashworth

Jonathan Michael Graham Ashworth (born 14 October 1978) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician. He has been a Member of Parliament for Leicester South since 2011, and is the current Shadow Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.

He worked as an adviser to Gordon Brown and head of party relations for Ed Miliband.

Dan Jarvis

Daniel Owen Woolgar Jarvis, (born 30 November 1972) is a British Labour Party politician.

From 1997 to 2011, he was in the Parachute Regiment, before being elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnsley Central in a by-election in 2011.

He was elected as Mayor of the Sheffield City Region in 2018.

David Lammy

David Lindon Lammy (born 19 July 1972) is a British Labour Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tottenham since 2000. He has been serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs since 2021.

Jess Phillips

Jessica Rose Phillips (; born 9 October 1981) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham Yardley since the 2015 general election.

In January 2020, Phillips briefly ran for Leader of the Labour Party in the 2020 leadership election.

Rob Burrow

Robert Geoffrey Burrow (born 26 September 1982) is an English former professional rugby league footballer. He spent 16 years playing for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League, before retiring in 2017. 

He also played for England and Great Britain. Burrow was known for many years as "the smallest player in Super League". He won a total of 8 Super League championships, two Challenge Cups, been named to the Super League Dream Team on three occasions and won the Harry Sunderland Trophy twice.

In December 2019, Burrow announced that he was diagnosed with motor neurone disease.


Jason Becker

Jason Eli Becker (born July 22, 1969) is an American musician, songwriter and composer. He is known for his albums "Speed Metal Symphony" in 1987, "Go Off!" in 1988, "Perpetual Burn" in 1988 and "A Little Ain't Enough".

In the 1990s, Becker was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.


Ezio Bosso

Ezio Bosso (; 13 September 1971 – 15 May 2020) was an Italian composer, classical musician and conductor. He was born in Turin.

On October 30, 2015 his first major studio album, "The 12th Room", was released and peaked at number three on the Italian FIMI albums chart. Bosso has won several awards for his compositions, including the Australian Green Room Award, the Syracuse NY Award and two David di Donatello Awards.

In September 2019 Bosso announced that he was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. He died from the disease on 15 May 2020, aged 48.

O. J. Brigance

Orenthial James Brigance (born September 29, 1969) is a former football linebacker. He played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the National Football League (NFL). He is the senior advisor to player development for the Baltimore Ravens.

In May 2007, Brigance was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.


Marián Čišovský

Marián Čišovský (2 November 1979 – 28 June 2020) was a Slovak football defender. He played for Viktoria Plzeň.

On 5 August 2010 he scored the qualification goal in 93rd minute against MyPa in Europa League making it 3–3. Čišovský scored one goal in 2–0 won against Oţelul Galaţi.

In 2011, he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He died from the disease on 28 June 2020, aged 40.

Rickey Dixon

Rickey Dixon (December 26, 1966 – August 1, 2020) was an American cornerback and special teams player. He played for the Oklahoma Sooners and later the National Football League’s Cincinnati Bengals and Los Angeles Raiders.

Dixon was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2019.

Dixon was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 2014. He died from the disease on August 1, 2020 in DeSoto, Texas at the age of 53.


Vic Gilliam

Victor S. Gilliam (July 21, 1953 – June 18, 2020) was an American politician and actor. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was in the Oregon House of Representatives from the 18th District from his appointment in January 2007 until his resignation in January 2017.

In November 2015, Gilliam was diagnosed with ALS. He died from the disease in Silverton, Oregon on June 18, 2020 at the age of 66.


Silverton, Oregon

Silverton is a city in Marion County, Oregon, United States.

Euan MacDonald

Euan MacDonald MBE is a Scottish businessman. He studied at the University of St Andrews and the University of Edinburgh. MacDonald created The Euan MacDonald Centre for Motor Neurone Disease Research in 2007 in partnership with the University of Edinburgh.

MacDonald was diagnosed with Motor Neurone Disease (MND) in October 2003.

In 2013, MacDonald co-founded the disabled access review website, Euan's Guide. In November 2014, MacDonald was named as one of the most influential disabled people in the UK.

Rob Rensenbrink

Rob Rensenbrink (; 3 July 1947 – 24 January 2020) was a Dutch footballer and member of the Netherlands national team that reached two World Cup finals in 1974 and 1978. A creative and prolific left winger or forward, he became a legend in Belgium whilst playing in the great Anderlecht side of the 1970s. He is the UEFA Cup Winners Cup's all-time top scorer, with 25 goals. A talented dribbler as well as a cool finisher and adequate passer, he only ever missed two penalties in his entire career. He was also the first winner of the Onze d'Or. Considered as one of the greatest Dutch players of all time. Rensenbrink was widely regarded to be one of the best left wingers of the 1970s.

Born in Amsterdam, Rensenbrink started his career at DWS, an Amsterdam amateur club, before moving to Belgian side Club Brugge in 1969. Between 1971 and 1980 he played for Anderlecht where he enjoyed his greatest club successes. In total when in Belgium he twice won the Belgian Championships, the Belgian Cup five times and at European club level the European Cup Winners' Cup twice (in 1976 and 1978 as well as being runner-up in 1977). Rensenbrink delivered a notable performance in the 1976 final as Anderlecht ran out 4–2 winners against West Ham United. He scored two goals, one from the penalty spot and set up Francois Van der Elst for the fourth goal. Among his team mates was Dutch internationalist compatriot, Arie Haan. In 1980, he left Anderlecht and wound down his career with a spell at Portland Timbers in the NASL, followed by a brief stay with Toulouse in France in 1981.
Rensenbrink made his international debut for the Netherlands national football team against Scotland in 1968, but picked up relatively few caps due to competition for the forward positions with Johan Cruijff and Piet Keizer. However, Rinus Michels included him for the 1974 FIFA World Cup squad that made the short trip to West Germany.

The Dutch side that took part in the 1974 FIFA World Cup were the pinnacle of Total Football. Most of the 1974 team were made up of players from Ajax and Feyenoord, so Rensenbrink was an outsider and was unfamiliar with playing the system. His preferred position was up front on the left, but that position was already Johan Cruijff's domain, so he played on the left-wing position in midfield, taking over from Ajax player Piet Keizer. He missed one game in the tournament (when Keizer played instead) and was only half-fit for the final after picking up an injury during the semi-final against Brazil. Rinus Michels gambled on Rensenbrink's fitness and played him from start – however he only lasted until half-time and was replaced by René van de Kerkhof. The Netherlands took an early lead through a Johan Neeskens penalty, but goals from Paul Breitner and Gerd Müller gave West Germany a 2–1 victory. Rensenbrink's performances saw him named to the team of the tournament and he was sought by Ajax as a replacement for Keizer. However, contract negotiations fell through and he remained at Anderlecht.

Rensenbrink stayed in the Netherlands national team during the qualifiers and finals of the 1976 European Football Championship. However, the Netherlands fell at the semi-final stage to Czechoslovakia.

In the 1978 FIFA World Cup tournament in Argentina, the Netherlands again reached the final, but this time without Cruijff (who decided to retire from international football) and under the guidance of Ernst Happel rather than Michels. Out of the shadow of Cruijff, Rensenbrink found more room to showcase his own considerable talent, playing on the left-hand side of a front three alongside Johnny Rep and René van de Kerkhof. He scored a hat-trick in the opening game against Iran, another goal against Scotland which was goal number 1000 in World Cup history and a penalty in the 5–1 win over Austria. In the final against Argentina, the Netherlands yet again met the hosts. In an intense match, the Netherlands fell behind to a first-half Mario Kempes strike. After Dick Nanninga's equalizer 9 minutes from time, a long pass from the Dutch captain Ruud Krol in the last 30 seconds of normal time gave Rensenbrink a half-chance to score but his shot from a very narrow angle was deflected on to the post and bounced clear. Had he scored, it is almost certain that Holland would have won the World Cup with Rensenbrink being top goal scorer with Mario Kempes. Argentina scored twice in extra-time for a 3–1 victory and the Netherlands again had to settle for the runners-up spot.

Rensenbrink played some of the qualifiers for Euro 80, but after earning his 46th cap in 1979 (a 2–0 defeat by Poland in a qualifier for Euro 80), he retired from international football at the age of 32, having scored 14 times for his country. He along with Eusébio are the only players to score the most goals from a penalty spot in a tournament (4 in 1978).

He was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers in March 2004. He was also named Anderlecht's greatest ever foreign player in 2008.

Rensenbrink was married and lived in Oostzaan. In the summer of 2015, he revealed that he had been diagnosed with progressive muscular atrophy three years earlier. He died on 24 January 2020. Belgian news sources reported that he had been diagnosed with a muscular disease in 2012 which led to his death.

Club Brugge

Anderlecht

Toulouse

Netherlands

Individual


Luton Shelton

Luton Shelton (11 November 1985 – 22 January 2021) was a Jamaican footballer. He played as a striker or winger. He made his international debut for Jamaica in 2004.

In 2018, it was announced that Shelton has been diagnosed with ALS. He died from problems caused by the disease on 22 January 2021, aged 35.


Paul Shrubb

Paul Shrubb (1 August 1955 – 28 May 2020) was an English professional footballer, coach and scout. He made 350 appearances as a player in the Football League. He played for Brentford and Aldershot. 

He later returned to Aldershot as assistant manager and coached at a number of non-league clubs.

Shrubb was diagnosed with motor neurone disease in January 2006 and was given two years to live by doctors. He died from the disease on 28 May 2020, aged 64.

Archie Yates

Archie Yates (born 22 February 2009) is a British actor. He is known for winning a Critics' Choice Movie Award. 

Baintha Brakk

Baintha Brakk is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is also known as The Ogre. Baintha Brakk is part of the Panmah Muztagh subrange. It is the 85th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Chris Bonington and Doug Scott, in 1977. As of 2013, people had reached the top only three times.

Harmonic series (mathematics)

In mathematics, the harmonic series is the divergent infinite series:

Divergent means that as you add more terms the sum never stops getting bigger. It does not go towards a single finite value.

Infinite means that you can always add another term. There is no final term to the series.

Its name comes from the idea of harmonics in music: the wavelengths of the overtones of a vibrating string are formula_2, formula_3, formula_4, etc., of the string's fundamental wavelength. Apart from the first term, every term of the series is the harmonic mean of the terms either side of it. The phrase "harmonic mean" also comes from music.

The fact that the harmonic series diverges was first proven in the 14th century by Nicole Oresme, but was forgotten. Proofs were given in the 17th century by Pietro Mengoli, Johann Bernoulli, and Jacob Bernoulli.

Harmonic sequences have been used by architects. In the Baroque period architects used them in the proportions of floor plans, elevations, and in the relationships between architectural details of churches and palaces.

There are several well-known proofs of the divergence of the harmonic series. A few of them are given below.

One way to prove divergence is to compare the harmonic series with another divergent series, where each denominator is replaced with the next-largest power of two:

Each term of the harmonic series is greater than or equal to the corresponding term of the second series, and therefore the sum of the harmonic series must be greater than or equal to the sum of the second series. However, the sum of the second series is infinite:

It follows (by the comparison test) that the sum of the harmonic series must be infinite as well. More precisely, the comparison above proves that

for every positive integer formula_8.

This proof, proposed by Nicole Oresme in around 1350, is considered to be a high point of medieval mathematics. It is still a standard proof taught in mathematics classes today.

It is possible to prove that the harmonic series diverges by comparing its sum with an improper integral. Consider the arrangement of rectangles shown in the figure to the right. Each rectangle is 1 unit wide and formula_9 units high, so the total area of the infinite number of rectangles is the sum of the harmonic series:

The total area under the curve formula_11 from 1 to infinity is given by a divergent improper integral:

Since this area is entirely contained within the rectangles, the total area of the rectangles must be infinite as well. This proves that

The generalization of this argument is known as the integral test.

The harmonic series diverges very slowly. For example, the sum of the first 10 terms is less than 100. This is because the partial sums of the series have logarithmic growth. In particular,
where formula_15 is the Euler–Mascheroni constant and formula_16 which approaches 0 as formula_8 goes to infinity. Leonhard Euler proved both this and also that the sum which includes only the sum of the reciprocals of the primes diverges also diverges, that is:

The finite partial sums of the diverging harmonic series,

are called harmonic numbers.

The difference between formula_20 and formula_21 formula_22 converges to the Euler–Mascheroni constant. The difference between any two harmonic numbers is never an integer. No harmonic numbers are integers, except for formula_23.

The series

is known as the alternating harmonic series. This series converges by the alternating series test. In particular, the sum is equal to the natural logarithm of 2:

The alternating harmonic series, while conditionally convergent, is not absolutely convergent: if the terms in the series are systematically rearranged, in general the sum becomes different and, dependent on the rearrangement, possibly even infinite.

The alternating harmonic series formula is a special case of the Mercator series, the Taylor series for the natural logarithm.

A related series can be derived from the Taylor series for the arctangent:

This is known as the Leibniz series.

The general harmonic series is of the form

where formula_28 and formula_29 are real numbers, and formula_30 is not zero or a negative integer.

By the limit comparison test with the harmonic series, all general harmonic series also diverge.

A generalization of the harmonic series is the formula_31-series (or hyperharmonic series), defined as

for any real number formula_31. When formula_34, the formula_31-series is the harmonic series, which diverges. Either the integral test or the Cauchy condensation test shows that the formula_31-series converges for all formula_37 (in which case it is called the over-harmonic series) and diverges for all formula_38. If formula_37 then the sum of the formula_31-series is formula_41, i.e., the Riemann zeta function evaluated at formula_31.

The problem of finding the sum for formula_43 is called the Basel problem; Leonhard Euler showed it is formula_44. The value of the sum for formula_45 is called Apéry's constant, since Roger Apéry proved that it is an irrational number.

Related to the formula_31-series is the ln-series, defined as

for any positive real number formula_31. This can be shown by the integral test to diverge for formula_38 but converge for all formula_37.

For any convex, real-valued function formula_51 such that

the series

is convergent.

The random harmonic series

where the formula_55 are independent, identically distributed random variables taking the values +1 and −1 with equal probability formula_2, is a well-known example in probability theory for a series of random variables that converges with probability 1. The fact of this convergence is an easy consequence of either the Kolmogorov three-series theorem or of the closely related Kolmogorov maximal inequality. Byron Schmuland of the University of Alberta further examined the properties of the random harmonic series, and showed that the convergent series is a random variable with some interesting properties. In particular, the probability density function of this random variable evaluated at +2 or at −2 takes on the value ..., differing from formula_57 by less than 10. Schmuland's paper explains why this probability is so close to, but not exactly, formula_57. The exact value of this probability is given by the infinite cosine product integral formula_59 divided by .

The depleted harmonic series where all of the terms in which the digit 9 appears anywhere in the denominator are removed can be shown to converge and its value is less than 80. In fact, when all the terms containing any particular string of digits (in any base) are removed the series converges.

The harmonic series can be counterintuitive. This is because it is a divergent series even though the terms of the series get smaller and go towards zero. The divergence of the harmonic series is the source of some paradoxes. 


Because the series gets arbitrarily large as formula_22 becomes larger, eventually this ratio must exceed 1, which implies that the worm reaches the end of the rubber band. However, the value of formula_22 at which this occurs must be extremely large: approximately formula_64, a number exceeding 10 minutes (10 years). Although the harmonic series does diverge, it does so very slowly.



Calculating the sum shows that the time required to get to the speed of light is only 97 seconds.



Au, St. Gallen

Au is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Balgach

Balgach is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Oberriet

Oberriet is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Diepoldsau

Diepoldsau is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Dublin, Texas

Dublin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lott, Texas

Lott is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rüthi

Rüthi is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


New England (New South Wales)

New England or New England North West is the name given to a generally undefined region in the north of the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is about inland, that includes the Northern Tablelands (or New England Tablelands) and the North West Slopes regions.


Ronda, North Carolina

Ronda is a town in Wilkes County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 438 at the 2020 census.

Wilkes County, North Carolina

Wilkes County is a county located in the US state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,969. Its county seat is Wilkesboro.

Wilkesboro, North Carolina

Wilkesboro is a town in and the county seat of Wilkes County, North Carolina. The population was 3,687 at the 2020 census.

Dmitri Chesnokov

Dmitri Yuryevich Chesnokov (; 26 April 1973 – December 2019) was a Russian professional footballer. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 1999 for FC Saturn Ramenskoye.

Chesnokov died in December 2019 at the age of 49.


Ward Just

Ward Swift Just (September 5, 1935 – December 19, 2019) was an American writer. He was a war correspondent and the author of 17 novels and many short stories. He was born in Michigan City, Indiana. Benjamin Bradlee hired Just at "The Washington Post" as a war correspondent for the Vietnam war. His novel "An Unfinished Season" was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2005. His novel "Echo House" was a finalist for the National Book Award in 1997.

Just died on December 19, 2019 in Plymouth, Massachusetts of problems caused by Lewy body dementia, aged 84.


Fazle Hasan Abed

Sir Fazle Hasan Abed KCMG (27 April 1936 – 20 December 2019) was a Bangladeshi businessman. He was the founder and Chair Emeritus of BRAC. This was one of the world's largest non-governmental organizations.

Abed died on 20 December 2019 at a Dhaka hospital from respiratory failure caused by glioblastoma, aged 83.

Eduard Krieger

Eduard "Eddie" Franz Krieger (16 December 1946 – 20 December 2019) was an international Austrian footballer.

Krieger started his professional career at Austria Wien. After a play at Dutch side VVV-Venlo, Krieger returned to Austria to finish his career at LASK Linz. He made his debut for Austria in April 1970 and was a participant at the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He earned 25 caps, no goals scored. He played his final international match in 1978.


Yuri Pshenichnikov

Yuri Pavlovich Pshenichnikov (Russian: Юрий Павлович Пшеничников; 2 June 1940 – 20 December 2019) was an Uzbek-born Soviet-Russian football goalkeeper and coach. He was born in Tashkent. He earned 19 caps for the USSR national football team, and participated in UEFA Euro 1968.

Pshenichnikov died on 20 December 2019 in Moscow at the age of 79.


Daniel Selvaraj

D. Selvaraj (; 14 January 1938 – 20 December 2019) was a Tamil writer. He was the author of a number of novels, short stories, and plays in Tamil. He received the Tamil Nadu Government's literary award for the best Novel for 2011 for his work on tannery workers of Southern Tamil Nadu titled "Thol". He also won the Sahitya Akademi award for Tamil in 2012.

Selvaraj died on 20 December 2019 from an illness at a private hospital in Chennai at the age of 81.


Preity Zinta

Preity G Zinta (pronounced ; born 31 January 1975) is an Indian actress and businesswoman. Her first movie roles were in "Dil Se.." in 1998, followed by a role in "Soldier" in the same year.

She is known for her role as a teenage single mother in "Kya Kehna" (2000). She also got a lot of credit for her roles in films such as "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke" (2001), "Dil Chahta Hai" (2001), "Dil Hai Tumhaara" (2002), and "Armaan" (2003), and she especially won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for her performance in the drama "Kal Ho Naa Ho" (2003). She also played leading roles in the science fiction film "Koi... Mil Gaya" (2003) and the romantic drama "Veer-Zaara" (2004), which were the two consecutive top-grossing films in India for her. She also played other roles like a modern Indian woman in both "Salaam Namaste" (2005) and "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna" (2006), which were the highest grossing productions in the overseas markets.

Thomas Chandy

Thomas Chandy (29 October 1947 – 20 December 2019) was an Indian businessman and politician. He was born in Chennamkary, Kerala, India. Chandy was a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly from 2006 until his death. In 2017, he was the Minister of Transport of Kerala. Chandy was a member of the Nationalist Congress Party.

Chandy died of stomach cancer at a hospital in Ernakulam, Kerala on 20 December 2019 at the age of 72.

Chuck Peddle

Charles Ingerham “Chuck” Peddle (November 25, 1937 – December 15, 2019) was an American electrical engineer. He was born in Bangor, Maine. He was best known as the main designer of the MOS Technology 6502 microprocessor, as well as the KIM-1 SBC (single-board computer) and the Commodore PET PC (personal computer).

Peddle died at the age of 82 on December 15, 2019 at his Santa Cruz, California home of pancreatic cancer.


Verka Serduchka

Andriy Mykhailovych Danylko (; ; born 2 October 1973), better known for his drag stage name Verka Serduchka (; ), is a Ukrainian comedian, actor and pop and dance singer. 

Danylko represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 and finished in second place.

In November 2022, Andriy Danylko put up for auction at Sotheby's the previously purchased Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow 1974, which belonged to Freddie Mercury. On November 5, 2022, the car was sold at an auction for 250,000 pounds (11 million hryvnias). All 100% of the proceeds were directed by Andriy Danylko to the construction of a new modern center for the rehabilitation and prosthetics of Ukrainians injured in the war in the Lviv region.


Carlos Rosenkrantz

Carlos Fernando Rosenkrantz (born 27 October 1958) is an Argentine lawyer. He is a member of the Supreme Court of Argentina since August 2016, nominated by president Mauricio Macri's. He served as president of the court from October 2018 to 2021, currently serves as vice president of the court.

Rosenkrantz was born in Buenos Aires. His father was a Jewish-Polish immigrant and his mother a teacher from Corrientes Province. 

He studied law at the University of Buenos Aires and later in the United States thanks a Fulbright Scholarship.

Sergio Massa

Sergio Tomás Massa (born 28 April 1972) is an Argentine politician who is a candidate for President of Argentina in the 2023 election. He became the country's Minister of Economy on 2 August, 2022. He was the president of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 2019 until 2022. He was also a national deputy for Buenos Aires Province. 

Massa is the founder and current leader of the peronist Renewal Front. He was Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers from 2008 to 2009 under Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.

He was a former member of the Justicialist Party. He founded a new political party, the Renewal Front, in 2013. 

As the leader of the United for a New Alternative coalition, Massa ran for president in 2015, finishing third in the first round of voting with 21% of the vote. 

In 2023, he ran for president for a second time as part of the Union for the Homeland coalition in October 2023. He won 36.6% of votes to Javier Milei's 29.9%, leading to a November run-off.

Winamac, Indiana

Winamac is a town in the Monroe Township in Pulaski County in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of Pulaski County. As of the 2020 census, 2,318 people lived in Winamac.

The Karate Kid Part III

The Karate Kid Part III is a 1989 American martial arts drama movie and the second sequel to "The Karate Kid" (1984). The movie stars Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Robyn Lively, and Thomas Ian Griffith in his movie debut. As was the case with the first two movies in the series, it was directed by John G. Avildsen and written by Robert Mark Kamen, with stunts choreographed by Pat E. Johnson and the music composed by Bill Conti. In the movie, the returning John Kreese, with the help of his best friend Terry Silver, tries to get revenge on Daniel LaRusso and Mr. Miyagi which involves hiring a ruthless martial artist and harming their relationship.


Versailles, Indiana

Versailles is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Nashville, Indiana

Nashville is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Rebstein

Rebstein is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Berneck, St. Gallen

Berneck is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Eichberg, St. Gallen

Eichberg is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Tübach

Tübach is a municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Rockville, Indiana

Rockville is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Fort Branch, Indiana

Fort Branch is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Hazleton, Indiana

Hazleton is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Gurnard, Isle of Wight

Gurnard is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight, two miles to the west of Cowes. Gurnard sits on the edge of Gurnard Bay, used by the Gurnard Sailing Club.

Gurnard's main street features a pub (Portland Inn), Doughty Newnham Chartered Surveyors office (a company of measurers and mapmakers), a few shops, and a few houses. The west end of the beach is called Gurnard Marsh and there is a stream called "The Luck" flows into the Solent. 

A fort known as Gurnard Fort was built on a coastal high point west of Gurnard Marsh about 1600. The land washed away into the ocean, however, and the remains of the fort were lost and forgotten until a nearby Roman home was dug up in 1864, when the fort was found.

Transport is provided by the former Wightbus route 32 to and from Cowes, now run by Southern Vectis. There is no longer a direct service to Newport, Isle of Wight.


Streetman, Texas

Streetman is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube

Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube, usually known as Fluminense de Feira, or just Fluminense are a Brazilian football team from Feira de Santana, Bahia, Brazil, founded on January 1, 1941.

Games are played in the Joia da Princesa stadium, capacity 16,274. The team plays in white, red and green striped shirts, white shorts and white socks.

On January 1, 1941, Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube was founded. Fluminense de Feira became a professional team in 1954. Two years later, the club was runner-up in Campeonato Baiano. In 1963, the club won Campeonato Baiano, its first professional title. In 1968, the club was again Campeonato Baiano runner-up. In the following year, the club won again the state championship.

In 1992, Fluminense de Feira was runner-up of Brazilian Third Division, after losing the final to Tuna Luso. But, no promotion was given to Fluminense de Feira or Tuna Luso, because neither the second division, nor the third division were disputed in 1993.

In 1998, after a very poor campaign, ending in 10th of 12 teams, the club was relegated to the Campeonato Baiano Second Division. In 1999, Fluminense de Feira competed in the Campeonato Baiano Second Division, ending the competition as runner-up, after a 1–1 home match draw, and a 0–0 away match draw against Colo-Colo of Ilhéus. The team gained promotion to the following year's Campeonato Baiano first division.



Fluminense de Feira's stadium is Estádio Joia da Princesa, built in 1953, with a maximum capacity of 16,274 people.

The club is named after Fluminense Football Club of Rio de Janeiro city. Fluminense de Feira's kit, as well as the club logo, are very similar to the Rio de Janeiro's Fluminense ones. The club's nickname, Touro do Sertão, means Backland's Bull. Fluminense de Feira's mascot is a bull.


Orsinian Tales

Orsinian Tales is a collection of eleven short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin. Most of them happen in Le Guin's imaginary country called Orsinia.

Most of the stories do not share events or characters. All the stories are emotional personal events. Many are romantic. Larger political events such as wars and revolutions are happening in all of the stories. Le Guin writes about each person's right to his or her own thoughts and emotions. In the stories, Le Guin shows that these emotions should not be controlled by society, rules, or the State.

The stories are set in a fictional country somewhere in Central Europe. Stories happen between 1150-1965. "Orsinia"is in Le Guin's earliest writings, Le Guin invented Orsinia when she was a young adult learning to write. The names Orsinia and Ursula both come from the Latin word "ursus" meaning "bear" ("ursula" = diminutive of "ursa" "female bear"; "ursinus" = "bear-like"). Le Guin once said that since Orsinia was her own country it should have her name.




Sound Transit

Sound Transit (ST), officially the Central Puget Sound Regional Transit Authority, is the public transit system in Seattle, Washington, United States. It covers Seattle and its neighboring cities with light rail trains, commuter trains, and buses. Sound Transit gets its money from sales tax, property tax, and a fee on license plate stickers ("car tabs").

Anri Sakaguchi

Sakaguchi was born in Tokyo, She graduated from Shōtō Kindergarten, Seijo Gakuen Primary School, Seijo Gakuen Junior High School and High School, and Horikoshi High School.

Sakaguchi's mother is actress Ryoko Sakaguchi, her father was formerly a real estate company executive, her stepfather is the professional golfer Tateo Ozaki. She has a brother that is two years older than her. Her parents divorced on 1994, and she grew up with her mother.

Sakaguchi was a fan of Morning Musume and joined the entertainment industry in 2008. Her first leading film role was in "Honey Flappers" in 2014.

She became an adult video actress, releasing her first video in October 2016. Sakaguchi began stripping in June 2018, and began working as a hostess.


Social conservative

A social conservative is someone who supports right-wing politics on social issues. Examples of such issues are: opposition to abortion, homosexual marriage, and/or euthanasia, supporting capital punishment, and similar issues. They may or may not be conservative on other issues, such as taxes.

In the United States social conservatives tend to be in the Republican Party and are usually also Christian Conservatives. There are also Americans who are social conservatives for other reasons than religion. 

In Canada, social conservatives are known as the Blue Tories.

Some people, such as Mary Wollstonecraft, George Orwell, and Stephen Leacock, have supported left-wing politics on many issues. However, they were socially conservative on issues like abortion, for Wollstonecraft and Orwell, or feminism, for Leacock.

Blue Tory

A Blue Tory is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada who is a social conservatives. They are the opposite of the Red Tories.

Stephen Harper is sometimes called a Blue Tory.

Red Tory

Red Tories are members of the Conservative Party of Canada who support left-wing policies on issues like capital punishment, homosexual marriage and abortion but who are still conservative because they want low taxes and small government and have libertarian beliefs. 

The people in the Conservative Party of Canada who disagree with them are called Blue Tories. 

John Diefenbaker and Joe Clark were Canadian Prime Ministers who were Red Tories.

New Super Mario Bros. (disambiguation)

New Super Mario Bros. might refer to:


Roland Matthes

Roland Matthes (17 November 1950 – 20 December 2019) was a German swimmer. He won four European championships and three world championships. He won Olympic gold medals at the 1968 and 1972 Olympics and at the World Aquatics Championships in 1973 and 1975.

Matthes died on 20 December 2019 of a heart attack, aged 69.


Claudine Auger

Claudine Auger (born Claudine Oger; 26 April 1941 – 18 December 2019) was a French actress and model. She was born in Paris. Auger was best known for her role as Bond girl, Dominique "Domino" Derval, in the James Bond movie "Thunderball" (1965). She won the title of Miss France Monde and was also the first runner-up in the 1958 Miss World contest.

Auger died of a long-illness on 18 December 2019 in Paris at the age of 78.

Steina and Woody Vasulka

Steina Vasulka (born Steinunn Briem Bjarnadottir in 1940) and Woody Vasulka (born Bohuslav Vasulka on 20 January 1937 – 20 December 2019) are early known figures of video art. They are known for producing work since the early 1960s. 

The couple met in the early 1960s and moved to New York City in 1965, where they began showing video art at the Whitney Museum and founded The Kitchen in 1971. Steina and Woody both became Guggenheim fellows: Steina in 1976, and Woody in 1979.

Woody died on 20 December 2019 in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 82.


Ramachandra Babu

K. Ramachandra Babu (15 December 1947 – 21 December 2019) was an Indian award-winning cinematographer of over 125 movies. Babu was born in Maduranthakam, Tamil Nadu, India. His best known works were "Dweepu", "Chamaram" and "Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha".

Babu died on 21 December 2019 of a heart attack at the age of 72.


Gold (British TV channel)

Gold is a British pay television channel from the UKTV network, that was launched on 1 November 1992 as UK Gold before it was rebranded UKTV Gold in 2004 apart from Dave, Alibi, and W from 2 August 2019.

Lennart Andersson

Lennart Andersson could mean:


Jonschwil

Jonschwil is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Niederbüren

Niederbüren is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Niederhelfenschwil

Niederhelfenschwil is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

Niederhelfenschwil has an area of .

The municipality is to the north of the Thur river between Bischofszell and Wil. It includes the villages of Lenggenwil, Niederhelfenschwil and Zuckenriet as well as the hamlets of Dägetschwil, Dietenwil and Enkhüseren.

Niederhelfenschwil borders the following municipalities: Niederbüren, Oberbüren and Zuzwil (Canton of St. Gallen); Bischofszell, Kradolf-Schönenberg and Wuppenau (Canton of Thurgau).


Bronschhofen

Bronschhofen was a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. The municipality Bronschhofen became part of Wil on 1 January 2013.


Oberbüren

Oberbüren is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Zuzwil, St. Gallen

Zuzwil is a municipality in Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Eschenbach, St. Gallen

Eschenbach is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Goldingen and St. Gallenkappel joined together to become the municipality called Eschenbach.


Schänis

Schänis is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


St. Gallenkappel

St. Gallenkappel was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Goldingen and St. Gallenkappel joined together to become the municipality called Eschenbach.


Weesen

Weesen is a municipality in See-Gaster, in the canton of St. Gallen, in Switzerland. It is on the western shore of Lake Walen on the Linth channel.


Goldingen

Goldingen was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Goldingen and St. Gallenkappel joined together to become the municipality called Eschenbach.


Gommiswald

Gommiswald is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Ernetschwil and Rieden joined together to become the municipality called Gommiswald.


Thal, St. Gallen

Thal is a village and municipality in Rorschach in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. Besides the village of Thal itself, the municipality also includes the villages Altenrhein, Buechen, Buriet and Staad.

St. Gallen–Altenrhein Airport is in the municipality.


Rapperswil, St. Gallen

Rapperswil (Swiss German: or ; short: "Rappi") was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It is at the east side of the Lake Zurich (Zürichsee). As of 31 December 2006, 7,601 people lived there.

On 1 January 2007, the municipalities Rapperswil and Jona joined together to become the new municipality called Rapperswil-Jona.


Uznach

Uznach is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Ernetschwil

Ernetschwil was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former Ernetschwil and Rieden joined together to become the municipality called Gommiswald.


Worms (movie)

Worms () is a 2013 Brazilian stop motion animated adventure fantasy family comedy film directed by Paolo Conti and Arthur Nunes. It is the first Brazilian stop-motion animated film. It was released in Brazil on December 20, 2013.

When Junior, a worm who is eleven years old or twelve years old who is protected too much, accidentally goes up to the surface, he has to go back home, which could be dangerous for him.



Balloon (2019 movie)

Balloon is a 2019 Chinese movie. Pema Tseden directed the movie. It was shown in the Horizons section at the 76th Venice International Film Festival.


Dareema Caddo

Dareema Caddo was the first capital of the Daraawiish State. It is near the city of Buuhoodle, to the northwest. It used to be settled by the Arale Mahad tribe. But now the Arale Mahad tribe have moved to a town called Dhilaalo. Dhilaalo is a bit further to the north.

Emmet County, Michigan

Emmet County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 34,112. The county seat is Petoskey.

Alcona County, Michigan

Alcona County is a county on the northern point on the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. The county seat is Harrisville. In 2020, 10,167 people lived in the county.

Stewart Copeland

Stewart Armstrong Copeland (born July 16, 1952) is an American musician and composer. He was the drummer for the British rock band The Police. He has written music for movies and video games, and music for ballet, opera and orchestra. According to MusicRadar, Copeland's "distinctive drum sound and uniqueness of style have made him one of the most popular drummers to ever get behind a drumset."

He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Police in 2003, the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2005, and the "Classic Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2013. In 2016, Copeland was ranked 10th on "Rolling Stone"s "100 Greatest Drummers of All Time". He is also known for composing soundtracks for the "Spyro" video game series.

List of prime ministers of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This article lists the prime ministers of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (abbreviated FB&H; Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian: "Federacija Bosne i Hercegovine" (FBiH) / Федерација Босне и Херцеговине (ФБиХ), ) is one of the two political entities that make up Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is made up of 10 cantons with their own governments. It is sometimes known by the shorter name Federation of B&H.


Mustafa Mujezinović

Mustafa Mujezinović (27 December 1954 – 23 December 2019) was the Prime Minister of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2009 to 2011.

Ahmed Gaid Salah

Ahmed Gaid Salah (; 13 January 1940 – 23 December 2019) was a senior leader in the Algerian People's National Army. In 2004, he was appointed by then-President Abdelaziz Bouteflika to chief of staff of the army. On 15 September 2013, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Defense. 

Salah died at a military hospital in Algiers of a heart attack on 23 December 2019 at the age of 79.

Ted Lepcio

Thaddeus Stanley "Ted" Lepcio (July 28, 1929 – December 11, 2019), was an American professional baseball utility infielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers, Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago White Sox, and Minnesota Twins.

Lepcio died on December 11, 2019 in Dedham, Massachusetts at the age of 90.

Jack B. Farris

Jack Brodie Farris (December 5, 1935 – December 14, 2019) was a United States Army Lieutenant General. He commanded the military ground forces during Operation Urgent Fury, the United States invasion of Grenada in 1983; at the time of his retirement in 1991 he was Deputy Commander of the United States Pacific Command in Hawaii.

Ricardo de Aparici

Ricardo de Aparici (23 June 1940 – 19 December 2019) was an Argentinian politician. He was Governor of the province of Jujuy between 1987 and 1990. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Aparici died from a fall in Buenos Aires on 19 December 2019 at the age of 79. 

Jan de Laval

Jan Patrik de Laval (28 March 1948 — 19 December 2019) was a Swedish actor. He was born in Västrum, Sweden. He was known for his roles in "Skilda världar" and "Rederiet".

Laval died on 19 December 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 71.

Zilda Cardoso

Zilda Cardoso (4 January 1936 – 20 December 2019) was a Brazilian actress. She was best known for her many comedic roles in TV shows such as "Praça da Alegria", "A Praça é Nossa" and "Escolinha do Professor Raimundo". She was born in São Paulo.

Cardoso died on 20 December 2019 in her São Paulo apartment of emphysema at the age of 83. 

Lloyd Morrisett

Lloyd N. Morrisett Jr. (November 2, 1929 - January 23, 2023) is an American psychologist, educator and philanthropist. He is one of the founders of the Sesame Workshop and was an important figure for the creation of "Sesame Street" and "The Electric Company".


Lizzo

Melissa Viviane Jefferson (born April 27, 1988), known professionally as Lizzo, is an American singer, rapper, songwriter, and flutist. 

Lizzo released two studio albums:"Lizzobangers" (2013), and "Big Grrrl Small World" (2015). In 2014, "Time" named her one of fourteen music artists to watch. Lizzo's first major-label EP, "Coconut Oil", was released in 2016.

In 2019, she became popular after her third studio album, "Cuz I Love You", which peaked inside the top five of the "Billboard" 200. The album spawned two singles: "Juice" and "Tempo". Lizzo's 2016 single "Good as Hell" and her 2017 single "Truth Hurts" both became viral hits, topping the "Billboard" Hot 100 years after their release. In 2022, she released another single "About Damn Time". 

Lizzo has been nominated for Best New Artist and received eight nominations at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year for the deluxe version of "Cuz I Love You" and Song of the Year and Record of the Year for "Truth Hurts".

In August 2023, three former backup dancers filed a lawsuit against Lizzo, accusing her of racism, ableism, assault, weight-shaming, religious discrimination and sexual harassment. Lizzo denied the claims.

Ubirajara Penacho dos Reis

Ubirajara Penacho dos Reis (5 September 1934 – 22 December 2019), better known as Bira, was a Brazilian musician and bassist. He was best known for being a member of the house band of the talk shows Jô Soares Onze e Meia, broadcast on SBT, and Programa do Jô.

Bira died on 22 December 2019 from a stroke, aged 85.

Jô Soares

José Eugênio "Jô" Soares (January 16, 1938 – August 5, 2022) was a Brazilian comedian, talk show host, author, theatrical producer, director, actor, painter and musician.

In 1970, Soares started working at Rede Globo.

In 1988, Soares moved to SBT, where he hosted a talk-show, "Jô Soares Onze e Meia" ("Jô Soares Eleven Thirty"), until 1999. In 2000, Soares began hosting "Programa do Jô", and hosted the program until 2016.

His first novel "O Xangô de Baker Street" was published in 1995 and has been translated in several languages.

Soares died on August 5, 2022 at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil at the age of 84.

Thor Bjarne Bore

Thor Bjarne Bore (10 January 1938 – 22 December 2019) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician. He was born in Molde, Norway. He was the editor-in-chief of "Romsdals Budstikke" from 1966 to 1970, "Vårt Land" from 1974 to 1983 and "Stavanger Aftenblad" from 1983 to 1999.

He also worked in "Vårt Land" from 1964 to 1966 and 1970 to 1974.

Bore was the chair of Norwegian Church Aid from 2000 until his death. He was also a member of Stavanger city council for the Liberal Party from 2007 to 2011.

Bore died in Stavanger, Norway of pneumonia on 22 December 2019, aged 81.

Édison Realpe

Édison Gabriel Realpe Solís (13 April 1996 – 22 December 2019) was an Ecuadorian footballer who played for L.D.U. Quito. 

Realpe began his career with Guayaquil City in 2014.

On 31 January 2018, Realpe was loaned out to L.D.U. Quito for the 2018 season. After the loan spell ended, he signed permanently for the club.

Realpe was killed in a car accident near Esmeraldas at the age of 23.

Esmeraldas, Ecuador

Esmeraldas () is a coastal city in northwestern Ecuador. It is the seat of the Esmeraldas Canton and capital of the Esmeraldas Province.

Esmeraldas is well known around Latin America given the large number of locals that have historically played in the Ecuadorian national football team.

Emanuel Ungaro

Emanuel Ungaro (13 February 1933 – 22 December 2019) was a French fashion designer.

Ungaro launched his first menswear collection, Ungaro Uomo, in 1973, and his first perfume, "Diva", 10 years later in 1983. Ungaro was a participant in The Battle of Versailles Fashion Show held on November 28, 1973. Later followed the perfumes "Senso" (1987), "Ungaro" (1991) and "Emanuel Ungaro For Men" (1991).

Ungaro died in Paris on 22 December 2019 at the age of 86.


Manfred Stolpe

Manfred Stolpe (16 May 1936 – 29 December 2019) was a German politician. He was Federal Minister of Transport, Building and Housing of the Federal Republic of Germany from 2002 until 2005. From 1990 until 2002, he was Minister President of Brandenburg. Stolpe was born in Stettin (Szczecin).

Stolpe was diagnosed with colon and male breast cancer in 2009. He died on 29 December 2019 in Potsdam of liver cancer at the age of 83.


Werner Klumpp

Werner Klumpp (12 November 1928 – 8 January 2021) was a German politician. He was a German politician of the FDP. After the death of Franz-Josef Röder he was the interim Minister President of the Saarland from 26 June 1979 to 5 July 1979. He was born in Baiersbronn, Baden-Württemberg.

Klumpp died on 8 January 2021, aged 92.

Erwin Teufel

Erwin Teufel (born 4 September 1939) is a German politician. He is a member of the CDU. He was born in Zimmern ob Rottweil, Germany. He was known for his political partnership with Russian President Boris Yeltsin.

Teufel was the leader of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg from 1978 to 1991.

Teufel was Minister President of Baden-Württemberg and chairman of the CDU state party group from 1991 to 2005, serving as President of the Bundesrat in 1996/97.

Berndt Seite

Berndt Seite (born 22 April 1940) is a German politician. He was the 2nd minister president of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern from 1992 to 1998 and the 45th president of the German Bundesrat in 1992. Seite has been a member of the Christian Democratic Union since 1990.

Harald Ringstorff

Harald Ringstorff (born 25 September 1939) is a German politician of the SPD. He was born in Wittenburg, Mecklenburg. He was the 3rd Minister President of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. He was the 61st President of the Bundesrat in 2006/07.

Wolfgang Clement

Wolfgang Clement (7 July 1940 – 27 September 2020) was a German politician. Clement was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was the 7th Minister President of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia from 27 May 1998 to 22 October 2002 and Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Labour from 2002 to 2005.

Clement died of lung cancer in Bonn, Germany on 27 September 2020 at the age of 80.


Bernhard Vogel

Bernhard Vogel (; born 19 December 1932) is a German politician. He is a member of the CDU. He was the 4th Minister President of Rhineland-Palatinate from 1976 to 1988 and the 2nd Minister President of Thuringia from 1992 to 2003. 

He is the only person to have been head of two different German federal states. He is the longest governing Minister President of Germany. He was the 28th and 40th President of the Bundesrat in 1976/77 and 1987/88.

Tino Chrupalla

Tino Chrupalla (born 14 April 1975) is a German politician. He is a Member of the Bundestag since 2017 of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) Party. In November 2019 he was nominated by Alexander Gauland to replace him as co-chairman and duly elected to that position.

Malu Dreyer

Maria Luise Anna "Malu" Dreyer (born 6 February 1961) is a German politician (SPD). Since 13 January 2013, she has been the Minister-President of Rhineland-Palatinate. She is the first woman to hold this office. She was the President of the Bundesrat from 1 November 2016 – 2017, which made her the deputy to the President of Germany while in office.

In late 2017, SPD members elected Dreyer to the party’s national leadership for the first time as a vice chair.

Norbert Walter-Borjans

Norbert Walter-Borjans (born 17 September 1952) is a German economist and politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He has been leader of the party since December 2019 and was minister of finance of the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 until 2017.

Saskia Esken

Saskia Esken ("née" Hofer, born 28 August 1961) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) who has been serving as leader of the party since December 2019. She is a member of the Bundestag since 2013.

Gesine Schwan

Gesine Schwan (born 22 May 1943) is a German political science professor. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. The party has nominated her twice as a candidate for the federal presidential elections. On 23 May 2004, she was defeated by the Christian Democrat Horst Köhler. On 23 May 2009, Köhler beat her again to win his second term.

Kurt Biedenkopf

Kurt Hans Biedenkopf (28 January 1930 – 12 August 2021) was a German politician. He was the 1st Minister President of the Free State of Saxony (one of Germany's federal states) from 1990 until 2002. He was the 54th President of the Bundesrat in 1999/2000. He was born in Ludwigshafen, Germany.

Biedenkopf died on 12 August 2021 in Dresden, Germany at the age of 91.


Werner Münch

Dr. Werner Münch (born 25 September 1940) is a German politician (CDU).

He became the first Financial Minister of this state since refounding of same after the reunification under the 1st Minister-President Gerd Gies. After Gies had to resign already in 1991 Münch was elected as 2nd Minister-President of Saxony Anhalt from 4 July 1991 to 28 November 1993.

On 25 February 2009 Münch quit membership of the CDU after 37 years and became a critic of Angela Merkel.

Wolfgang Böhmer

Wolfgang Böhmer (born 27 January 1936) is a German politician (CDU). He was the 5th Minister-President of Saxony-Anhalt from 16 May 2002 to 19 April 2011. He was President of the Bundesrat in 2002/03. He has been a critic of Angela Merkel.

Björn Engholm

Björn Engholm (born 9 November 1939) is a Lübeck born German SPD politician. He was Minister-President of Schleswig-Holstein from 1988 to 1993 and leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany between 1991 and 1993..

Josef Duchac

Josef Duchac (born February 19, 1938) is a German politician (CDU). He became a member of the East German Christian Democratic Union in 1957. He was elected Thuringia's first post-reunification minister-president on October 14, 1990. He resigned in 1992 following corruption issues.

Michael Müller (politician)

Michael Müller (born 9 December 1964) is a German politician. He was the Mayor of Berlin from 11 December 2014 to 21 December 2021. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. 

He was President of the Bundesrat from November 2017 until October 2018, which made him deputy to the President of Germany.

Walter Momper

Walter Momper (born 21 February 1945) is a German politician. He was the Governing Mayor of Berlin (West Berlin 1989–1990, reunited Berlin 1990–1991). He was President of the Bundesrat in 1989/90. He was at the opening of the Brandenburg Gate on 22 December 1989 and, on 3 October 1990, became the first mayor of a reunited Berlin.

Eberhard Diepgen

Eberhard Diepgen (born 13 November 1941) is a German politician of the CDU. He was Governing Mayor of West Berlin from 1984 through 1989 and later Governing Mayor of Berlin from 1991 through 2001.

Henning Scherf

Henning Scherf (born 31 October 1938) is a German lawyer and politician (SPD). He was the 6th President of the Senate and Mayor of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen from 4 July 1995 to 8 November 2005.

Hans-Ulrich Klose

Hans-Ulrich Klose (14 June 1937 – 6 September 2023) was a German politician from the Social Democratic Party. Klose was the First Mayor (German: "Erster Bürgermeister") of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg from 1974 up to 1981 and was President of the Bundesrat in 1979/80.

Klose died on 6 September 2023, after suffering from Alzheimer's disease in Hamburg at the age of 86.


Klaus von Dohnanyi

Klaus von Dohnanyi (born 23 June 1928) is a German politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was Mayor of Hamburg between 1981 and 1988.

Alfons Pawelczyk

Alfons Pawelczyk (born 26 February 1933) is a German politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was a Hamburg state minister of the Interior and second mayor in Hamburg.

Pawelczyk was lieutenant colonel of the German federal armed forces and member of the German federal parliament from 1969 to 1980.

Hans-Jürgen Krupp

Hans-Jürgen Krupp (born 15 April 1933) is a German politician and economist. He was the President of the University of Frankfurt. He was a representative of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and state minister in Hamburg. In 1988 Krupp became state minister of Finance, and in 1991 state minister for Economic Affairs and second mayor of Hamburg.

Shankha Ghosh

Shankha Ghosh (5 February 1932 – 21 April 2021) was a Bengali Indian poet and critic. In 2011, he was honored with the Padma Bhushan. He taught at Bangabasi College, City College (all affiliated to the University of Calcutta) and at Jadavpur University, all in Kolkata. He retired from Jadavpur University in 1992.

He has won a number of prestigious awards including Jnanpith Award in 2016. His pen name is "kuntak".

Ghosh died on 21 April 2021 in Kolkata from COVID-19, aged 89.


White Christmas (movie)

White Christmas is a 1954 American musical movie starring Bing Crosby, Danny Kaye, Rosemary Clooney, and Vera-Ellen. It was directed by Michael Curtiz. It was filmed in VistaVision and Technicolor. It has songs by Irving Berlin, including the title song, "White Christmas". This was a new version of the song sung by Crosby in the 1942 film "Holiday Inn".

The movie was produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is notable for being the first to be released in VistaVision. This is a widescreen process developed by Paramount. It used twice the surface area of the then standard 35mm film. This large-area negative was used to yield finer-grained standard-sized 35mm prints.

The word "film" is sometimes used instead of "movie". They are the same thing.

The movie starts on Christmas Eve, 1944, somewhere in Europe. It is World War II. Crosby and Kaye play two U.S. Army soldiers. Crosby plays Captain Bob Wallace and Kaye plays Private First Class Phil Davis. Bob is a Broadway entertainer, Phil wants to be a professional entertainer. They perform "White Christmas". Their commanding officer, Major General Thomas F. Waverly is being relieved of his command. He arrives for the end of the show and says goodbye.

After the performance everyone is forced to take cover from an aerial bombing. A bomb knocks over a Wwall. Bob is too busy shouting orders to notice. Phil pushes him out of the way and injurs his arm. Bob later visits Phil at a field hospital and thanks him for saving his life. Phil shows Bob a duet he wrote and asks to perform with him back in New York City. Feeling obligated by Phil's heroism, Bob agrees.

After the war, Bob and Phil make it big in nightclubs, radio, and then on Broadway, eventually becoming successful producers. They mount their newest hit musical titled "Playing Around". The same day they receive a letter from "Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy," their mess sergeant from the war, asking them to look at an act that his two sisters are doing.
They go to the club to watch the "Sisters" act. Phil notices that Bob likes Betty, played by Rosemary Clooney. Phil likes her sister Judy, played by Vera-Ellen. Betty and Judy join Bob and Phil at their table. Phil dances with Judy. Phil and Judy hit it off. Bob and Betty do not get on. They have a minor argument about how Bob thinks that everyone has an "angle" in show business.

Judy and Betty are headed for the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree, Vermont, where they are booked to perform over the holidays. Due to a disagreement with their landlord the girls have to leave. Phil gives the sisters his and Bob's sleeping-room on the train. They delay the sheriff by imitating the girls' and sing their song, "Sisters". Bob and Phil board later and Bob is extremely upset that they have to stay up all night in the club car on their way to NYC. They are joined by Betty and Judy, who thank them profusely for the tickets and convince them to come with them to Pine Tree.

When the train arrives in Pine Tree, there isn't any snow. Bob and Phil discover that the inn is run by their former commanding officer, General Waverly. Waverly has invested all of his savings into the lodge. It is failing because there's no snow and no guests. To bring business to the inn, Bob and Phil bring the entire cast and crew of their musical "Playing Around". They add in Betty and Judy to the rehearsals. Bob and Betty's relationship blooms and they spend a good deal of time together.

Bob discovers the General's request to rejoin the army has been rejected. Bob calls Ed Harrison an old army buddy. Ed is now a successful variety show host. They arrange a televised invitation to all the men formerly under the command of the General to come to the inn on Christmas Eve as a surprise. Harrison suggests they put the show on national television to generate free advertising for Wallace and Davis. Bob insists that it must have nothing to do with their business.

Nosy housekeeper Emma Allen has been listening, but she has only heard the part about free advertising, not Bob's rejection of the idea. She thinks that her boss will be seen as a pitiable figure on TV and tells Betty. Betty is shocked. The misunderstanding causes Betty to ignore a baffled Bob. While this is happening, Judy becomes convinced that Betty will never take on a serious relationship until Judy is engaged or married. She pressures a reluctant Phil to announce a phony engagement, but the plan backfires when Betty abruptly departs for New York City to take a job offer.

After rehearsals are complete, Phil and Judy reveal to Bob that the engagement was phony. Bob still doesn't know the real reason Betty left. He goes to New York for "The Ed Harrison Show". He tries to convince Betty to come back. Bob sees Betty's new act and tells her the truth about the engagement. He is called away by Ed Harrison before he finds out what is really bothering her.

Back at the Inn, Phil fakes an injury to distract the General so he won't see the broadcast of Bob's announcement. In the broadcast, Bob invites veterans of the 151st Division to come to Pine Tree, Vermont, on Christmas Eve. Betty sees it on TV and realizes she was wrong. She returns to Pine Tree in time for the Christmas Eve show, but only tells Judy. The whole division comes into Pine Tree secretly. When the General enters the lodge, he is greeted by his former division, who sing a rousing chorus of "The Old Man". Just as the following song ends, the snow starts to fall.

In the finale, Bob and Betty declare their love for one another. So do Phil and Judy. The background of the set is removed to show the snow falling. Bob, Betty, Phil and Judy perform "White Christmas". Everyone raises a glass, and toasts, "May your days be merry and bright; and may all your Christmases be white."


All songs were written by Irving Berlin. The centerpiece of the film is the title song. This was first used in "Holiday Inn" where it won an Oscar for Best Original Song in 1942.

"Count Your Blessings" earned an Oscar nomination for Best Original Song.

The song "Snow" was originally written for "Call Me Madam" with the title "Free". The melody was kept but the lyrics were changed to be more appropriate for a Christmas movie.

The song "What Can You Do with a General?" was originally written for an un-produced project called "Stars on My Shoulders".

It was not possible to issue an "original soundtrack album" of the film, because Decca Records controlled the soundtrack rights, but Clooney was under exclusive contract with Columbia Records. Consequently, each company issued a separate "soundtrack recording": Decca issuing "Selections from Irving Berlin's White Christmas," while Columbia issued "Irving Berlin's White Christmas." On the former, the song "Sisters" and all of Clooney's vocal parts were recorded by Peggy Lee. On the latter, the song was sung by Rosemary Clooney and her own sister, Betty.

Crosby and Kaye recorded another Berlin song ("Santa Claus") for the opening WWII Christmas Eve show scene, but it was not used in the final film. Their recording of the song survives and can be found on the Bear Family Records 7-CD set called "Come On-A My House".

"White Christmas" was intended to reunite Crosby and Fred Astaire for their third Irving Berlin showcase musical. Crosby and Astaire had previously co-starred in "Holiday Inn" (1942) – where the song "White Christmas" first appeared – and "Blue Skies" (1946). Astaire declined the project after reading the script and asked to be released from his contract with Paramount. Crosby also left the project shortly thereafter, to spend more time with his sons after the death of his wife, Dixie Lee. Near the end of January 1953, Crosby returned to the project, and Donald O'Connor was signed to replace Astaire. Just before shooting was to begin, O'Connor had to drop out due to illness and was replaced by Danny Kaye, who asked for and received a salary of $200,000 and 10% of the gross. Financially, the film was a partnership between Crosby and Irving Berlin, who shared half the profits, and Paramount, which got the other half.

A scene from the film featuring Crosby and Kaye was broadcast the year after the film's release, on Christmas Day 1955, in the final episode of the NBC TV show "Colgate Comedy Hour" (1950–1955).

Berlin suggested a movie based on his song in 1948. Paramount put up the $2 million budget and only took 30% of the proceeds.

Principal photography took place between September and December 1953. The film was the first to be shot using Paramount's new VistaVision process, with color by Technicolor. It was one of the first to feature the Perspecta directional sound system at limited engagements.

Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" was not impressed: "...the use of VistaVision, which is another process of projecting on a wide, flat screen, has made it possible to endow "White Christmas" with a fine pictorial quality. The colors on the big screen are rich and luminous, the images are clear and sharp, and rapid movements are got without blurring—or very little—such as sometimes is seen on other large screens. Director Michael Curtiz has made his picture look good. It is too bad that it doesn't hit the eardrums and the funnybone with equal force."

"Variety" liked it: ""White Christmas" should be a natural at the box office, introducing as it does Paramount's new VistaVision system with such a hot combination as Bing Crosby, Danny Kaye and an Irving Berlin score...Crosby and Kaye, along with VV, keep the entertainment going in this fancifully staged Robert Emmett Dolan production, clicking so well the teaming should call for a repeat...Certainly he "(Crosby)" has never had a more facile partner than Kaye against whom to bounce his misleading nonchalance."

"White Christmas" was enormously popular with audiences, earning $12 million in theatrical rentals – equal to $ today – making it the top moneymaker of 1954 by a wide margin and the highest-grossing musical film of all-time. Overall, the film grossed $30 million at the domestic box office.

There was a US theatrical re-release by Paramount in 1961.

"White Christmas" was released in the US on VHS in 1986 and again in 1997. The first US DVD release was in 2000. It was re-released in 2009, with a Blu-ray in 2010. There was a US issue 4-disc "Diamond Anniversary Edition" in 2014. This collection contains a Blu-ray with extras, two DVDs with the film and extras, and a fourth disc of Christmas songs on CD. These songs are performed individually by Crosby, Clooney, and Kaye.

A stage adaptation of the musical, titled "Irving Berlin's White Christmas" premiered in San Francisco in 2004 and has played in various venues in the US, such as Boston, Buffalo, Los Angeles, Detroit and Louisville.
The musical played a limited engagement on Broadway at the Marquis Theatre, from November 14, 2008 until January 4, 2009. The musical also toured the United Kingdom in 2006 - 2008. It headed to the Sunderland Empire in Sunderland from November 2010 to January 2011 after a successful earlier run in Manchester and has continued in various cities with a London West End run at the end of 2014.


Caution (Mariah Carey album)

Caution is the fifteenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on November 16, 2018, through Epic Records. Carey collaborated with Ty Dolla Sign, Slick Rick, Blood Orange and Gunna on the album's songs and worked with a variety of producers. It is her first studio album in four years, "Caution" was praised upon release and appeared on several year-end lists and to promote the album Carey went on the Caution World Tour

Notes

Sample credits

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Performance

Instrumentation

Production
Technical


K. Michelle

Kimberly Michelle Pate (born March 4, 1982), who uses the stage name, K. Michelle, is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She was born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee. K. Michelle is well known for appearing in the first two seasons of "Love & Hip Hop". She became famous through her songs "V.S.O.P.", which managed to peak at number 89 on the Billboard Hot 100. Her first album, "Rebellious Soul", was a commercial success, debuting at number two on the US "Billboard" 200, and number one on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts. There were three other successful singles from the album: "Can't Raise a Man", "I Don't Like Me" and "A Mother's Prayer". K. Michelle later appeared in a musical film called "Rebellious Soul: The Musical". She was featured on rapper Lil Boosie's remix of his single "Show The World".

At the 2013 Soul Train Music Awards, K. Michelle won the award for Best New Artist. On March 5, 2016, she released the lead single from her second major-label album, "Anybody Wanna Buy a Heart?", titled "Love 'Em All". At the 2013 Soul Train Music Awards, K. Michelle won the award for Best New Artist. On March 5, 2016, she released the lead single from her second major-label album, "Anybody Wanna Buy a Heart?", titled "Love 'Em All". "Maybe I Should Call" was released on November 3, 2014 as the second single from the album. She has also released two other albums, "More Issues Than Vogue" in 2016 and "Kimberly: The People I Used to Know" in 2017.

In 2017, she became engaged to dentist Kastan Sims, who appeared in her reality television series "K. Michelle: My Life", after dating since 2016. In 2018, she released the single "Save Me" and announced that she was working on a new album.


Masked tree frog

The masked tree frog, New Granada cross-banded tree frog, Tarraco treefrog, or Central American smilisca ("Smilisca phaeota") is a frog that lives in Honduras, Nicaragua, Ecuador, Costa Rica and Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high in the hills as 3300 meters above sea level.

This frog is called the masked tree frog because it has dark skin around its eyes so it looks like it is wearing a black mask. The black mask covers their eyes, which helps them hide from predators.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. The frog sleeps on top of large leaves, in ferns, or inside rolled-up leaves. Scientists think this frog eats insects and other animals without spines. This frog can change color. It can be tan during the day and turn green at night.

The male frog sits next to a small pool of rainwater and sings "wrauk" for the females. The females lay 2000 eggs at a time, which float on the surface of the water. The tadpoles grow into frogs quickly before the rainwater dries up.

Amden

Amden is a municipality in See-Gaster, in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

Amden has an area of . It is on a terrace above the north shore of the Lake Walen. The Seerenbach Falls is in Amden. It is the highest waterfall in Switzerland.


Benken, St. Gallen

Benken is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Schmerikon

Schmerikon (Swiss German: "Schmerike") is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Kaltbrunn

Kaltbrunn is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Rieden, Switzerland

Rieden was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities Rieden and Ernetschwil joined together to become a municipality called Gommiswald.


Jona, Switzerland

Jona was a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2007, the municipalities Rapperswil and Jona joined to become a new municipality called Rapperswil-Jona.


Krisztián Zahorecz

Krisztián Zahorecz (28 October 1975 – 21 December 2019) was a Hungarian football player. He was born in Szarvas, Hungary. He played for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC, Nagykanizsai SC, Debreceni VSC, Egri FC, Szolnoki MÁV FC, Kecskeméti TE, Kaposvári Rákóczi FC and Bajai LSE. His career lasted from 1998 through 2011.

Zahorecz died on 21 December 2019 of an illness at the age of 44.


Bentley Kassal

Bentley Kassal (February 28, 1917 – December 16, 2019) was an American lawyer and politician. He worked for Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom in New York City. He was a New York State Assemblyman from 1957 through 1962. Kassal was born in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Kassal died on December 16, 2019 in New York City at the age of 102.


Jürgen Kühling

Jürgen Kühling (April 27, 1934 – December 16, 2019) was a German judge and politician. He was a judge in the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany between 1989 and 2001. He was born in Osnabrück, Germany.

Kühling died on December 16, 2019 in Hamburg at the age of 85.

Cameron Monaghan

Cameron Riley Monaghan (born August 16, 1993) is an American actor and model. Monaghan is best known for his role as Ian Gallagher on the Showtime comedy-drama series "Shameless". He has also appeared as Jeremiah Valeska also known as the Joker on the Fox crime series "Gotham".

Viagra Boys

Viagra Boys are a Swedish post-punk band from Stockholm.

The band started in 2015. Some members came from other Swedish punk bands, Les Big Byrd, Pig Eyes and Nitad.
In 2018, they released their first album called "Street Worms". Nils Hansson, a journalist at the newspaper Dagens Nyheter gave the band a good review. He liked their musical style and sense of humor. He rated the album a five out of five.




Wealth inequality in the United States

Wealth inequality in the United States, also known as the wealth gap, refers to the unequal distribution of assets among residents of the United States. Wealth inequality in the U.S. is worse than in most developed countries other than Switzerland and Denmark. 

Makhnovshchina

Makhnovshchina existed from 1918 to 1921. It was formed in an attempt to create a stateless anarchist society. This took place during the Ukrainian Revolution of 1917 to 1921. "Free soviets" and libertarian communes were set up and operated under the protection of Nestor Makhno's Revolutionary Insurrectionary Army.

Makhnovshchina was established when Huliaipole was captured by Makhno's forces on 27 November 1918. Huliapole became the territory's de facto capital. The Ukrainian peasants refused to pay rent to the landowners and "...seized the estates and livestock of the pomeshchiks, kulaks, monasteries and State holdings: in so doing, they always set up local committees to manage these assets, with an eye to sharing them out among the various villages and communes."

Russian forces of the White movement under Anton Denikin occupied part of the region and formed a temporary government of Southern Russia in March 1920. In late March 1920, Denikin's forces were pushed back by Makno's forces and the Red Army. Makhnovshchina was disestablished in 1921 when Makhno and 77 of his men escaped. Remnants of the Black Army would continue to fight until late 1922.

Paris Agreement

The Paris Agreement is an agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. It planned to reduce greenhouse gases. It also looked at ways countries could change to deal with problems caused by climate change, and have countries promise to spend money to make sure this would happen. The agreement was signed in Paris in 2016, by 197 countries. 


Mr. Niebla

Mr. Niebla (February 22, 1973 – December 23, 2019) was a Mexican luchador enmascarado. He worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). His real name is not known as is traditional in lucha libre for masked wrestlers. "Niebla" is Spanish for "fog". Mr. Niebla worked for CMLL from the early 1990s until 2007, and again from 2008 until his death in 2019.

Mr. Niebla died from complications of a blood infection on December 23, 2019 at the age of 46.

Diane Watson

Diane Edith Watson (born November 12, 1933) is an American politician and psychologist. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives for from 2003 until 2011. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

She was a member of the Los Angeles Unified School Board (1975–78). She was a member of the California Senate from 1978 to 1998, and the U.S. Ambassador to Micronesia from 1999 to 2000.


William P. Curlin Jr.

William Prather Curlin Jr. (born November 30, 1933) was an American politician. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Kentucky from 1971 through 1973.

He was in the United States Army from 1955 to 1957.

He was a member of the Kentucky General Assembly from 1968 to 1971 as a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives. 

Ed Foreman

Edgar Franklin "Ed" Foreman, Jr. (December 22, 1933 – February 2, 2022) an American politician and motivational speaker. For one term, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives as the only Republican from Texas's 16th congressional district from 1963 to 1965 and again from 1969 to 1971 in New Mexico's 2nd district.

Foreman died on February 2, 2022 at the age of 88.

Portales, New Mexico

Portales is a city in and the county seat of Roosevelt County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 12,137 at the 2020 census.

Roosevelt County, New Mexico

Roosevelt County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,191. Its county seat is Portales. 

No Fun at All

No Fun at All is a Swedish punk rock band. The band started in summer 1991 in Skinnskatteberg. The original members were: Mikael Danielsson (guitar), Jimmie Olsson (vocals, drums) and Henrik Sunvisson (bass guitar). The name came from the Sex Pistols' version of The Stooges' song "No Fun" and the name of the band Sick of It All. The group released their albums on the Swedish label Burning Heart Records outside the United States. In the U.S., No Fun at All's albums were released by Theologian Records and later by Epitaph Records.

In 1993, Jimmie Olsson left the band to work on his other band Sober. No Fun at All then added three new members: Ingemar Jansson (vocals), Krister Johansson (guitar) and Kjell Ramstedt (drums). In 1999, Sunvisson left No Fun at All. Danielsson switched from guitar to bass guitar and Stefan Neuman, from Tribulation, joined to play guitar. On November 11, 2001, after ten years together, the band quit. But, since 2004, No Fun at All has play some reunion concerts. 






Jesse &amp; Joy

Jesse & Joy () is a Mexican pop duo formed in 2005 by brother and sister Jesse (born December 31, 1982, as Jesse Eduardo Huerta Uecke) and Joy (born June 20, 1986, as Tirzah Joy Huerta Uecke), in Mexico City. The duo have released four studio albums, one live album and one EP on Warner Music Latin. They have won a Best Latin Album Grammy Award and six Latin Grammy Awards in many categories. 

In 2019, Joy gave birth to her daughter Noah and came out as lesbian. She is married to her wife Diana Atri.

Variety (magazine)

Variety is an American magazine that covers entertainment. It was started by Sime Silverman in New York in 1905. It began as a weekly newspaper reporting on theater and vaudeville. In 1933, Daily Variety, based in Los Angeles, was started. It covers the motion-picture industry. The website Variety.com has entertainment news, reviews, box office results, cover stories, and video and photo galleries. There is also a credits database, production charts and calendar. It has archive content dating back to 1905.


Jehan Sadat

Jehan Sadat (, "Jihān as-Sadāt"; 29 August 1933 – 9 July 2021) was an Egyptian politician, researcher and feminist. She was the First Lady of Egypt from 1970 until her husband's assassination in 1981.

Sadat died on 9 July 2021, at the age of 87 from cancer in Egypt. 


Noor Ali Tabandeh

Noor Ali Tabandeh (, 13 October 1927 – 24 December 2019) also known by the title Majzoub Ali Shah, was the spiritual leader or "Qutb" of the Ni'matullahi (Sultan Ali Shahi) Gonabadi Order in Iran, which is the largest Sufi order in Iran. He was born in Beydokht, Gonabad, Iran. He was known for his support of human and social rights of Iranians and was under house arrest because of his activism.

Tabandeh died on 24 December 2019 at a Tehran hospital of an illness at the age of 92.

David Rice Atchison

David Rice Atchison (August 11, 1807January 26, 1886) was an American Democratic politician. He was a United States Senator from Missouri. He was President pro tempore of the United States Senate for six years.

He is best known for the claim that for 24 hours—Sunday, March 4, 1849 through noon on Monday—he may have been Acting President of the United States. This, however, has been dismissed by nearly all historians, scholars, and biographers.

Gower, Missouri

Gower is a city in Buchanan and Clinton counties in the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The population was 1,533 at the 2020 census.

Plattsburg, Missouri

Plattsburg is a city and county seat of Clinton County, Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area within the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 2,222.

Clinton County, Missouri

Clinton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, the county had a population of 21,184. Its county seat is Plattsburg. The county was organized January 2, 1833 and named for Governor DeWitt Clinton of New York.

Buchanan County, Missouri

Buchanan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 84,793. Its county seat is St. Joseph. It is named for James Buchanan, 15th President of the United States. 

Platte County, Missouri

Platte County is a county located in the northwestern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 106,718. Its county seat is Platte City.

Platte City, Missouri

Platte City is a city in Platte County, Missouri within the United States. The population was 4,784 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Platte County. The city is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.


Cass County, Missouri

Cass County is a county located in the western part of the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 107,824. Its county seat is Harrisonville.

Harrisonville, Missouri

Harrisonville is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States. The population was 10,121 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Cass 
County. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.

Shirley Douglas

Shirley Jean Douglas (April 2, 1934 – April 5, 2020) was a Canadian actress and activist. She was born in Weyburn, Saskatchewan. Her career began in 1950 and she retired in 2013. She played Mrs. Starch in the 1962 movie "Lolita". Her father was Premier of Saskatchewan Tommy Douglas.

Douglas was married to Donald Sutherland from 1966 through 1970. They had three children, including Kiefer Sutherland.

Douglas died in Toronto of pneumonia-related problems three days after her 86th birthday on April 5, 2020.


George Hearn

George Clark Hearn Jr. (born June 18, 1934) is an American actor and singer. In 1980, he became the lead in Stephen Sondheim's "Sweeney Todd" opposite Dorothy Loudon. He played Sir Dinidan in a national tour of "Camelot". In 1985, Hearn starred as Long John Silver in an Edmonton production of "Pieces of Eight".

In 2004, Hearn returned to Broadway for the first time in four years, starring as the Wizard in the Broadway musical "Wicked", remaining until May 29, 2005.

In 1984, he won a Drama Desk Award. In 1985, Hearn won an Emmy Award. He has won two Tony Awards (1984, 1995).

Essex, New York

Essex is a town in Essex County, New York, United States overlooking Lake Champlain. The population was 621 at the 2020 census. The town is named after locations in England.

Kenneth Braithwaite

Kenneth John Braithwaite II (born 1960) is an American politician, businessman and military personnel. He was the 77th United States Secretary of the Navy from May 2020 to January 2021. He was the United States Ambassador to Norway from February 8, 2018 to May 29, 2020.

President Donald Trump said on November 24, 2019, that he would nominate Braithwaite to serve as the United States Secretary of the Navy. His nomination was confirmed on May 29, 2020.

He is a retired rear admiral of the United States Navy Reserve.

He is seen as a possible candidate for the United States Senate from Pennsylvania in the 2022 election.


Livonia, Michigan

Livonia is a city in the northwest part of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 95,535 at the 2020 census, making it Michigan's eighth largest city.

Wanda Ventham

Wanda Ventham (born 5 August 1935) is an English actress. She is known for her role as Colonel Virginia Lake in the 1970s science-fiction television series "UFO", and for her recurring role as Cassandra Trotter's mother Pamela Parry in the sitcom "Only Fools and Horses" between 1989 and 1992.

Timothy Carlton

Timothy Carlton Congdon Cumberbatch (born 4 October 1939), known professionally as Timothy Carlton, is an English actor.

He is best known for his sitcom roles in "Executive Stress", "Keeping Up Appearances" and "Next of Kin". His best known movie roles are "Baby Love" (1968), "The Breaking of Bumbo" (1970), "That Lucky Touch" (1975), "High Road to China" (1983) and "Parting Shots" (1999).

Derren Nesbitt

Derren Nesbitt (born Derren Michael Horwitz; 19 June 1935) is an English actor and writer. Nesbitt's movie career began in the late 1950s. He is well-remembered for his role as Major von Hapen in the 1968 movie "Where Eagles Dare".

In January 1973, Nesbitt was charged with assault after hitting his first wife, Anne Aubrey, multiple times after discovering she was having an affair.

Anne Aubrey

Anne Aubrey (born 1 January 1937) is an English actress. She was born in London. She was known for her roles in "Idle on Parade", "Killers of Kilimanjaro", "The Bandit of Zhobe" (1959), "Jazz Boat", "Let's Get Married", and "In the Nick" (1960). 

Aubrey was married to actor Derren Nesbitt. They divorced in 1973 shortly after he was convicted of assaulting her after she was having an affair.

Sylvia Syms

Sylvia May Laura Syms, (6 January 1934 – 27 January 2023) was an English actress.

Syms is best known for her roles in "Woman in a Dressing Gown" (1957), "Ice Cold in Alex" (1958), "No Trees in the Street" (1959), "Victim" (1961), and "The Tamarind Seed" (1974). 

In 2006 she played Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother in the Stephen Frears movie "The Queen", about the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, and the few days after that, leading up to the funeral.

In the last year of her life, Syms lived at Denville Hall, a retirement home for actors in London. She died there on 27 January 2023, at the age of 89.

Dodi Fayed

Emad El-Din Mohamed Abdel Mena'em Fayed (; , 15 April 1955 – 31 August 1997), better known as Dodi Fayed ( ), was an Egyptian movie producer. He was born in Alexandria, Egypt. He was the son of billionaire Mohamed El Fayed. 

Fayed was the first cousin of the late "Washington Post" Saudi journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, who was killed in Turkey in 2018.

Fayed was the producer of "Chariots of Fire", "Breaking Glass", "F/X", "F/X2", "Hook", and "The Scarlet Letter".
On August 31, 1997, Fayed was killed in a car crash in Paris with Diana, Princess of Wales, with whom he was in a romantic relationship. He was 42 years old.

Derek Fowlds

Derek Fowlds (2 September 1937 – 17 January 2020) was an English actor. He is best known for playing Bernard Woolley in popular British television comedies "Yes Minister" and "Yes Prime Minister", and Oscar Blaketon in the long-running ITV police drama "Heartbeat".

Fowlds died at the hospital in Bath, Somerset on 17 January 2020 at age 82, from heart failure and sepsis caused by pneumonia.

William Gaunt

William Charles Anthony Gaunt (born 3 April 1937) is an English actor. Between 1983 and 1987 he starred as harassed father Arthur Crabtree in the sitcom "No Place Like Home". From 1995 to 1997 Gaunt starred in the sitcom "Next of Kin".

Barry Cryer

Barry Charles Cryer, OBE (23 March 1935 – 25 January 2022) was an English writer, comedian and actor. 

Cryer has written for many performers, including Dave Allen, Stanley Baxter, Jack Benny, Rory Bremner, George Burns, Jasper Carrott, Tommy Cooper, Les Dawson, Dick Emery, Kenny Everett, Bruce Forsyth, David Frost, Bob Hope, Frankie Howerd, Richard Pryor, Spike Milligan, Mike Yarwood, The Two Ronnies and Morecambe and Wise.

Cryer also wrote episodes for the television comedy series "Doctor in the House".

Cryer died at a London hospital in Harrow on 25 January 2022, at the age of 86.

(repackaged as "The Chronicles of Hernia" (2009), ) 


Wendy Craig

Anne Gwendolyn Craig (born 20 June 1934), known professionally as Wendy Craig, is an English actress. She is best known for her roles in the sitcoms "Not in Front of the Children", "...And Mother Makes Three"/"...And Mother Makes Five" and "Butterflies". 

She played the role of Matron in the TV series "The Royal" (2003–2011).


Jess Conrad

Jess Conrad (born Gerald Arthur James; 24 February 1936) is an English actor and singer. He was born in Brixton, London.

Between the late 1950s and mid-1960s, Conrad appeared in many movies such as "Serious Charge" (uncredited), "The Boys", "Rag Doll", "K.I.L. 1" and "Konga".


Lionel Blair

Lionel Blair (born Henry Lionel Ogus; 12 December 1928 – 4 November 2021) was a Canadian-born British actor, choreographer, tap dancer and television presenter.

He appeared in "The Limping Man" (1953), "The World of Suzie Wong" (1960), "The Cool Mikado" (1963), "The Beauty Jungle" (1964), "A Hard Day's Night" (1964), "Maroc 7" (1967) and "Absolute Beginners" (1986).

Blair died on the morning of 4 November 2021 in Banstead, England, at the age of 92.


Tishomingo County, Mississippi

Tishomingo County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 18,850 people lived there. Its county seat is Iuka.

Scott County, Mississippi

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 27,990 people lived there. Its county seat is Forest.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.2%) is water.

It is an about 45 minute driving distance from Jackson.




Scott County was created on December 23, 1833. It is named for Abram M. Scott, the Governor of Mississippi from 1832 to 1833.

As of the 2020 census, there were 27,990 people, 10,235 households, and 7,194 families living in the county.





Stone County, Mississippi

Stone County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 18,333 people lived there. Its county seat is Wiggins.

Tallahatchie County, Mississippi

Tallahatchie County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 12,715 people lived there. Its county seats are Charleston and Sumner.

Walthall County, Mississippi

Walthall County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 13,884 people lived there. Its county seat is Tylertown.

Tylertown, Mississippi

Tylertown is a town in Mississippi, United States. It is the county seat of Walthall County. As of the 2020 census, 1,515 people lived in Tylertown.

Tate County, Mississippi

Tate County is a county in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 28,064 people lived there. Its county seat is Senatobia.

Sofia the First

Sofia the First is an American animated television series that premiered on November 18, 2012, produced by Disney Television Animation for Disney Channel and Disney Junior. Jamie Mitchell is the director and executive producer and Craig Gerber serves as creator, story editor, and producer. The show follows the adventures of Sofia, voiced by Ariel Winter. Sofia becomes a princess when her mother, Miranda, marries King Roland II of Enchancia. The show features songs by John Kavanaugh and Erica Rothschild and a musical score by Kevin Kliesch. The show had its final episode on September 8, 2018.

Dodson, Louisiana

Dodson is a village in Winn Parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Calvin, Louisiana

Calvin is a village in Winn Parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Atlanta, Louisiana

Atlanta is a village in Winn Parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Sikes, Louisiana

Sikes is a village in Winn Parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Warren County, Mississippi

Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 44,722 people lived there. Its county seat is Vicksburg.

Rankin County, Mississippi

Rankin County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 157,031 people lived there, which makes it the fourth-most populous county in Mississippi. Its county seat is Brandon.

Rankin County is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Rankin County was founded on February 4, 1828. It is named in honor of Christopher Rankin, a Mississippi Congressman from 1819 to 1826.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (3.8%) is water.


As of the 2020 census, there were 157,031 people, 59,626 households, and 41,940 families living in the county.


Jackson Evers International Airport is located in unincorporated Rankin County.







Da Chen

Da Chen (1962 – December 17, 2019) was a Chinese novelist. His works included "Brothers," "China's Son," "Sounds of the River," "Sword," and "Colors of the Mountain." "Brothers" was awarded best book of 2006 by "The Washington Post", "San Francisco Chronicle", "Miami Herald" and "Publishers Weekly". Chen was born in Huangshi, Putian, Fujian, China.

Chen died December 17, 2019 at his home in Temecula, California from lung cancer at the age of 57.


Poplarville, Mississippi

Poplarville is a city in Pearl River County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,833 people lived there. It is the county seat of Pearl River County. It hosts an annual Blueberry Jubilee, which includes rides, craft vendors and rodeos.


Allee Willis

Allee Willis (born Alta Sherral Willis, November 10, 1947 – December 24, 2019) was an American songwriter and director. 

She was nominated for an Emmy Award for "I'll Be There For You", which was used as the theme song for the sitcom "Friends", and won two Grammy Awards for "Beverly Hills Cop" and "The Color Purple". 

Willis also co-wrote hit songs such as "September" and "Boogie Wonderland" by Earth, Wind & Fire. She was added into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2018.

Willis died in Los Angeles, California on December 24, 2019, at the age of 72 of cardiac arrest.

I'll Be There For You (The Rembrandts song)

"I'll Be There for You" is a song recorded by American duo The Rembrandts. It is best known as the theme song to the American sitcom "Friends", which premiered in September 1994 and ended in May 2004. 

The song was also released as the first single from the group's third studio album "LP", reaching the top 10 in Australia, New Zealand and Norway, as well as in Ireland and the United Kingdom in both 1995 and 1997. 

The Rembrandts

The Rembrandts are an American pop rock duo, formed by Danny Wilde and Phil Solem in 1989. They had worked together as members of Great Buildings in 1981. 

The Rembrandts are best known for their song "I'll Be There for You", which was used as the main theme song for the NBC sitcom "Friends".



Jacques Bravo

Jacques Bravo (29 December 1943 – 18 December 2019) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. From 2001 through 2014, he was the Mayor of the 9th arrondissement of Paris. From 1995 through 2014, he was the Councillor of Paris.

Bravo was born in Valognes, France. He died on 18 December 2019 in Paris at the age of 75.

Gordon J. Humphrey

Gordon John Humphrey (born October 9, 1940) is an American politician. He was a member of the U.S. Senate for New Hampshire as a Republican from 1979 to 1990. He twice ran for Governor of New Hampshire, though both bids were unsuccessful. Humphrey was born in Bristol, Connecticut.

Humphrey has become a critic of President Donald Trump and as a result of his presidency, he became an Independent.


Cass County, Indiana

Cass County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 37,870 people lived there. The county seat is Logansport.

Tippah County, Mississippi

Tippah County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,815 people lived there. Its county seat is Ripley.

Lucedale, Mississippi

Lucedale is a city in and the county seat of George County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,869 people lived in Lucedale.

Douglass, Kansas

Douglass is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 1,555 people lived there.

The first settlement was founded at Douglass in 1869. Douglass is named after its founder, Joseph W. Douglass, a storeowner who was deadly shot at the town site in 1873 while apprehending a suspected chicken thief. Douglass was incorporated as a city of the third class in 1879.

In 1877, the Florence, El Dorado, and Walnut Valley Railroad Company built a train line from Florence to El Dorado, in 1881 it was extended to Douglass, and later to Arkansas City. The line was leased and operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to El Dorado was abandoned in 1942. The train line connected Florence, Burns, De Graff, El Dorado, Augusta, Douglass, Rock, Akron, Winfield, Arkansas City.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was constructed about 1.8 miles west of Douglass, north to south through Butler County.

Douglass is at (37.516802, -97.011705).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Douglass has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Douglass has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,555 people, 595 households, and 393 families living in Douglass. Of the households, 71.4% owned their home and 28.6% rented their home.

The median age was 35.4 years. Of the people, 90.2% were White, 1.5% were Native American, 1.1% were Asian, 0.3% were Black, 0.5% were from some other race, and 6.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,700 people, 625 households, and 452 families living in Douglass.

Douglass is part of Douglass USD 396 public school district.



Yummy (Justin Bieber song)

"Yummy" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on January 3, 2020, along with a lyric video through Def Jam Recordings as the lead single from his upcoming fifth studio album. The song is Bieber's first solo single to be released in three years. Upon its release, the song has received mostly mixed reception from critics: many praised its R&B production but most dismissed its lyrics. Its official music video was directed by Bardia Zeinali, which premiered on January 4, 2020. 

On December 23, 2019, Bieber teased the release by posting a picture of himself in front of a piano accompanied by two posts with the caption "tomorrow". On the following day, he announced the single through a trailer he uploaded to YouTube that shows him walking through an abandoned gas station. The trailer also serves as an announcement for his upcoming North American tour starting May 14, 2020, as well as a documentary covering "all different stories". About the upcoming music, Bieber stated that he feels like "this is different than the previous albums just because of where I'm at in my life".

"Yummy" is a "straightforward R&B number" that moves along on pop-trap beats. The song contains a "crisp bass line and plinking keyboards". Bieber sings the pre-chorus, while he hits his "signature falsetto" in the bridge. Bryan Rolli of "Forbes" magazine called the chorus "seductive", albeit "meaningless". The song is considered an ode to Bieber's wife Hailey Bieber.

"Yummy" received polarizing reviews from music critics, who complimented the "catchy" R&B production. They also criticized the "asinine" lyrical content.

Rania Aniftos of "Billboard" said "Yummy" brings back "the flirtatious Bieber we've missed and been waiting for", describing the chorus as "catchy". Bryan Rolli, a writer for "Forbes", said that Bieber "sings his heart out" on the song and noted although "the lyrics may not invite scholarly analysis ... Bieber sure does sound good singing them". Rolli concluded calling the song a "win, an inevitable chart smash" and opined that it is "sure to sound even better when 50,000 fans scream it every night on his upcoming tour". Mikael Wood from the "Los Angeles Times" described the song as "a lithe little R&B number that faintly recalls Ginuwine's mid-'90s classic "Pony" and basically three-and-a-half minutes of PG-13 sex talk seemingly directed at Hailey Baldwin". He stated that "though it's very cute, 'Yummy' feels awfully lightweight for a single that has as much hanging on it as this one does" and added that the song "loses much of its flavor after only a few spins".

"NME"s Sam Moore complimented the song's R&B production, who dismissed the lyrics. He termed as "failed expectations". He opined that the song's producers opted for "minimalism with their choice of instrumentation, melding airy keys with pop-trap beats with an evident view of creating something as universal as the likes of 'Hotline Bling' and Childish Gambino's 'Feels Like Summer'". Moore further wrote that Bieber's layered vocals and harmonies are "able to glide along rather effortlessly—it's just a shame he doesn't have more to say with them" and that Bieber's embrace of R&B "isn't a complete turn-off". "Pitchfork"s Eric Torres criticized the song for being "shamelessly engineered for the truncated attention span of TikTok" and "a bloodless shell of an R&B song crippled by asinine lyrics and a tired, syncopated backdrop". He further wrote that the song "plateaus as soon as it starts, never inching past the toddler-like repetition of 'yummy-yum' in its chorus". Brad Callas from "Complex" listed "Yummy" among the best new music of the week and said Bieber's "pivot back to R&B is refreshing for those who were fans of his slept-on 2013 project, "Journals"". Callas further remarked that the "silky vocals" is at times reminiscent of Bieber's 2016 collaboration with Post Malone, "Deja Vu".

The music video for "Yummy" was directed by Bardia Zeinali, which premiered on January 4, 2020. In the video, it portrays Bieber with pink hair at a dinner party in a fancy restaurant, eating various colorful food items with the guests.

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Washington County, Mississippi

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 44,922 people lived there. Its county seat is Greenville.

DIA

DIA may refer to:

Wittelsheim

Wittelsheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Blossom, Texas

Blossom is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Del Amitri

Del Amitri is a Scottish alternative rock band formed in Glasgow in 1980. Between 1985 and 2002, the band released six studio albums. Their 1995 single "Roll to Me" reached number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Five have reached the Top 10 in the UK. Del Amitri have sold six million albums around the world.

Del Amitri's member and songwriter, Justin Currie, said in 2010 that the band's name "was invented to be meaningless – basically a corruption of the Greek name 'Dimitri'." In 2018, he said that 'Del Amitri' was based on the name of the producer of a movie he saw in 1979 – "...probably Dimitri-something, but we couldn't remember..." Many sources have said that the name was chosen because it is Greek for "from the womb", but this is untrue.





The current members of the band are:

Currie and Harvie are the main songwriters for the band.

Former members of the band are:

Division of Spence

The Division of Spence is an electoral district for the Australian House of Representatives in the outer northern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia. 

It is named after Catherine Helen Spence, who worked to get women the right to vote. She was the first female political candidate in Australia.

It was set up in 2018 after a redistribution to reduce the number of seats in South Australia. It cover most of the former Division of Wakefield.

Spence covers the Adelaide Plains between the Little Para River in the south and the Gawler River on the north, and areas around Gawler and Salisbury. It includes the City of Playford and Town of Gawler, Concordia, Kalbeeba, Gawler Belt, Buchfelde, and parts of the City of Salisbury.


Frame rate

Frame rate is a way of describing video. It refers to the number of images, called frames, that are being shown every second. It is measured in frames per second, or FPS.

Early silent movies were shown at a frame rate between 16 and 24 frames per second. This went up to 20 and 26 FPS later. When movies with sound came out 24 FPS became the standard because it was in the middle of the frame rates theaters used.

Video games are usually played at a frame rate of 60 frames per second. This is because it is a very common refresh rate (display speed) for computer monitors. They also can run at 30 FPS, or even more, such as 144 FPS or 240 FPS, depending on what the monitor can handle. If the frame rate is higher than the refresh rate, not all of the frames can be shown. If two or more frames are displayed at the same time, it can cause problems like screen tearing.

Screen tearing

Screen tearing is a type of video error. It can happen when multiple video frames are displayed at a single time on a computer monitor. The frames will each be shown on different parts of the screen, and can leave horizontal lines if the pictures are different at the point.

Screen tearing can be stopped by synchronizing the frames that are put on the screen. Vertical synchronization, or VSync, is one popular way. Another way is FreeSync or G-Sync, but these options only work with certain GPUs and monitors.

Emsley A. Laney High School

Emsley A. Laney High School is a high school in Wilmington, North Carolina, United States. It is known as the high school that was attended to by NBA star Michael Jordan.

Sidney, Nebraska

Sidney is a city in the U.S. state of Nebraska. It is the county seat of Cheyenne County. The population was 6,410 at the 2020 census.

The city was founded in 1867 by the Union Pacific railroad company. It grew up around the military base called Fort Sidney (also known as Sidney Barracks). The soldiers there were stationed to guard transcontinental railroad from potential Indian attacks. When the railroad reached Sidney, it was the end of a sub-division of the rail line and played host to a roundhouse, repair facilities, and a railroad hotel for passengers.

The city was named after Sidney Dillon. He was president of the Union Pacific Railroad at that time.

The town became the southern terminus of the Sidney Black Hills Stage Road in the late 1870s and 1880s.

Sidney has one of the Old West's Boot Hill cemeteries; many of those interred there were soldiers from the fort.

In the first two decades of the twenty-first century, the largest employer in the city was Cabela's, a company that makes items for outdoor recreation. In 2016, it was sold to Bass Pro Shops. Then it moved out of Sidney. Many jobs were lost. 

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Sidney is near the western edge of the midwestern wheat-growing region. West of the city, the land is increasingly used for cattle ranching. Sidney is located along Lodgepole Creek, which is along present-day Interstate 80.

Near the city is the junction of two major highways: US 385 and I-80. This junction is about halfway between Cheyenne, Wyoming, and North Platte, Nebraska. This location has encouraged the growth of Sidney as a major transportation service area on the Interstate highway. Because the I-80/US 385 interchange is many miles southeast of the town center, a new commercial area has developed. This area includes truck stops, convenience stores, shopping centers, motels, restaurants, and other commercial enterprises.

Companies in Sidney include: Adams Industries, 21st Century Water Technologies, KISST Organics-Health & Wellness Store/Firearms Division, Nexgen Outfitters, Highby Outdoors, Lukjan Great Plains, Agri-Plastics, 308 Ag LLC and Sidney Foundry.

As of the 2010 census, there were 6,757 people, 2,893 households, and 1,764 families living in the city. The population density was . There were 3,184 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 92.3% White, 0.2% African American, 0.8% Native American, 2.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 2.7% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.4% of the population.

There were 2,893 households of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

The Sidney public schools educate 1,200 children from pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade. Western Nebraska Community College has a campus in Sidney.

Sidney has a public library. It is at 1112 12th Avenue. The library has almost 50,000 volumes. its services include a bookmobile serving all of Cheyenne County, a genealogy room, and reading programs. 

The Sidney Regional Medical Center provides a variety of medical care at a number of sites in Chappell and Sidney. 

The Cheyenne County Community Center, 627 Toledo St, provides sports facilities, daycare, and other activities.


Tunica County, Mississippi

Tunica County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,782 people lived there. Its county seat is Tunica.

Wilkinson County, Mississippi

Wilkinson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 8,587 people lived there. Its county seat is Woodville.

Winston County, Mississippi

Winston County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,714 people lived there. Its county seat is Louisville.

Martin J. Schreiber

Martin James "Marty" Schreiber (born April 8, 1939) is an American politician, publisher, author, and lobbyist. He was the 38th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin and the 39th Governor of Wisconsin from 1977 to 1979.

Yazoo County, Mississippi

Yazoo County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 26,743 people lived there. Its county seat is Yazoo City.

Bob Wade (artist)

Bob "Daddy-O" Wade (January 6, 1943 – December 23, 2019) was an artist. He was born in Austin, Texas. He helped shape the 1970s Texas Cosmic Cowboy counterculture. His work was exhibited at the South Austin Museum of Popular Culture in the fall of 2009. 

He was best known for his creating large sculptures of Texas symbols and for experimenting with hand-tinting black-and-white vintage photographs transferred to large photo canvases. His giant iguana, knowns as "Iggy", sat on top of the Lone Star Cafe in New York City from 1978 to 1989.

Wade died on December 23, 2019 in Austin of cardiac arrest at the age of 76.


Táňa Fischerová

Taťana Fischerová (better known as Táňa Fischerová) (6 June 1947 – 25 December 2019) was a Czech actress, writer, television host, politician and civic activist. From 2002 to 2006, she was a member of the Parliament of the Czech Republic. She was a candidate for president in the 2013 Czech presidential election. She was born in Prague.

Fischerová died on 25 December 2019 in Prague of cancer at the age of 72.

Karel Schwarzenberg

Prince Karel Schwarzenberg (, 10 December 1937 – 12 November 2023) was a Czech politician. He was the leader of the TOP 09 party. He was the party's candidate for President of the Czech Republic in the 2013 election. He was a Member of the Chamber of Deputies (MP).

Schwarzenberg was hospitalized in Prague in August 2023 with heart and kidney problems. He was later flown to a clinic in Vienna. He died on 11 November 2023 at the age of 85.

Vladimir Bushin

Vladimir Sergeyevich Bushin (; January 24, 1924 – December 25, 2019) was a Soviet-Russian writer, essayist, literary critic, columnist and social activist. He was a member of the Union of Soviet Writers and Communist. He was born in Moscow. He was a critic of Boris Yeltsin and Vladimir Putin. His works were about Joseph Stalin and how he was a positive figure of the Soviet Union.

Bushin died in Moscow on December 25, 2019 of cardiopulmonary arrest, aged 95.


David Lee Roth

David Lee Roth (born October 10, 1954) is an American rock singer-songwriter, musician, author, and radio personality. He was the lead singer of hard rock band Van Halen across two stints from 1974 to 1985 and again since 2006.

Ari Behn

Ari Mikael Behn (né Bjørshol, 30 September 1972 – 25 December 2019) was a Danish-born Norwegian writer. He wrote three novels, two collections of short stories and a book about his wedding.

His 1999 short stories collection "Trist som faen" ("Sad as hell") sold about 100,000 copies. His books have been translated into Swedish, Danish, German, Hungarian, and Icelandic as well as French. In the spring of 2011, Behn made his debut as a playwright with "Treningstimen".

He was married to Princess Märtha Louise from 2002 to 2017. They had three children.

In December 2017, Behn alleged that he was sexually assaulted by Kevin Spacey. He accused Spacey of groping his genitals in 2007, at a nightclub during the afterparty for the Nobel Peace Prize concert.

Behn died killing himself at his home in Lommedalen on 25 December 2019, aged 47. He had struggled with alcoholism and mental health issues. In a 2009 interview he said he was chronically depressed and lonely.

Princess Märtha Louise of Norway

Princess Märtha Louise of Norway (born 22 September 1971) is a Norwegian princess. She is the only daughter and elder child of King Harald V and Queen Sonja. She is fourth in the line of succession to the Norwegian throne, after her brother Haakon and his children.

Title and Styles 

22 September 1971-1 February 2002 Her Royal Highness Princess Martha Louise of Norway 

1 February 2002:present Her Highness Princess Martha Louise of Norway 

Honors 

National Honors 

-Norway: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Saint Olav 

-Norway: Dame of the Royal Family Decoration of King Olav V of Norway 

-Norway: Dame of the Royal Family Decoration of King Harald V of Norway 

-Norway: Recipient of the Medal of the 100th Anniversary of the Birth of King Haakon VII 

-Norway: Recipient of the King Olav V Silver Jubilee Medal 

-Norway: Recipient of the King Olav V Commemorative Medal 

-Norway: Recipient of the 100th Anniversary of the Birth of King Olav V 

-Norway: Recipient of the Royal House Centennial Medal 

-Norway: Recipient of the King Harald V Silver Jubilee Medal 

Foreign Honors 

-Denmark: Knight of the Order of the Elephant 

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Order of the Star of Jordan 

-Netherlands: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of Prince Henry 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit 

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Roya Order of the Polar Star, Recipient of the 50th Birthday Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf, Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf 


Queen Sonja of Norway

Queen Sonja of Norway (born Sonja Haraldsen on 4 July 1937) is the Queen consort of Norway as the wife of King Harald V. She became Queen consort on 17 January 1991, when her husband became king.

4 July 1937-29 August 1968 Miss Sonja Haraldsen 

29 August 1968-17 January 1991 Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Norway 

17 January 1991 Her Majesty The Queen of Norway 

National Orders 

-Norway: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav 

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit 

-Norway: The Royal House Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Haakon VIIs Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Olav V Commemorative Medal (30 January 1991) 

-Norway: Olav V Jubilee Medal 1957-1982 

-Norway: Olav V Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Harald V Jubilee Medal 1991-2016 

-Norway: Royal Family Order of King Olav V of Norway 

-Norway: Royal Family Order of King Harald V of Norway 

-Norway: Norwegian Red Cross Badge of Honor 

-Norway: The Nansen Medal 

-Norway: Oslo Military Society Badge of Honor in Gold 

Foreign Honors 

-Argentina: Grand Cross of the Order of May 

-Austria: Grand Star of the Decoration of Honor for Services to the Republic of Austria (1978) 

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross 

-Bulgaria: Sash of the Order of the Balkan Mountains 

-Chile: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit 

-Croatia: Recipient of the Grand Order of Queen Jelena (12 May 2011) 

-Denmark: Knight of the Order of the Elephant (12 February 1973) 

-Estonia: Member 1st Class of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana (24 August 1998), Member 1st Class of the Order of the White Star (2 September 2014) 

-Finland: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-France: Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit 

-Germany: Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer 

-Hungary: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary 

-IOC: Recipient of the Gold Olympic Order 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon (21 October 1981) 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (19 October 2001) 

-Japan: Grand Cross (Paulownia) of the Order of the Precious Crown 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance 

-Latvia: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars (2 September 1998), Recipient of the 1st Class of Cross of Recognition (12 March 2015) 

-Lithuania: Grand Cross of the Order of Vytautas the Great (3 September 1998) 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau, Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown, Recipient of Queen Beatrix's Inauguration Medal 

-Poland: Knight of the Order of the White Eagle 

-Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of Portugal (2 January 1981), Grand Cross of the Order of Infante Dom Henrique (13 February 2004), Grand Cross of the Order of Christ (26 May 2008) 

-Slovakia: Member 2nd Class of the Order of the White Double Cross (2010), Member of the Order for Exceptional Merits (2011) 

-South Korea: Member 1st Class (Grand Gwanghwa Medal) of the Order of Diplomatic Merit 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III (21 April 1995), Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic (12 April 1982) 

-Sweden: Knight of the Royal Order of the Seraphim, Recipient of the 50th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf (30 April 1996), Recipient of the Ruby Jubilee Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf (15 September 2013), Recipient of the Golden Jubilee Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf (15 September 2023) 


Lommedalen

Lommedalen is a rural community in a small valley in Bærum municipality in the county of Akershus, Norway. The population is about 11,000 people.

George Eastham

George Edward Eastham, OBE (born 23 September 1936) is an English former footballer. He is known for playing for Newcastle United, Arsenal and Stoke City, as well as a non-playing member of England's 1966 World Cup-winning squad.

Stoke City

England

Individual

Roger Hunt

Roger Hunt, (20 July 1938 – 27 September 2021) was an English footballer. He played as a forward. He spent eleven years at Liverpool.

Hunt was a member of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup. He played in all six England games in the tournament, scoring three times. Hunt was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2006.

Hunt died on 27 September 2021 at the age of 83.

Liverpool

England


Terry Paine

Terence Lionel Paine MBE (born 23 March 1939) is an English retired footballer. Paine is best known for his career with Southampton. He later played for Hereford United, and briefly worked at Cheltenham Town as a player-manager. 

He played primarily as a winger.


Norman Hunter

Norman Hunter (29 October 1943 – 17 April 2020) was an English former footballer. He played for Leeds United, Bristol City, Barnsley and England.

Hunter was hospitalised for COVID-19 in Leeds on 10 April 2020. He died on 17 April from the infection, aged 76.

Leeds United

England

Individual

Ron Flowers

Ronald Flowers (28 July 1934 – 12 November 2021) was an English footballer and manager. He played as a midfielder. Flowers is most known for his time at Wolverhampton Wanderers. He was a member of England's victorious 1966 World Cup squad.

On 12 November 2021, it was announced that Flowers had died aged 87.

Wolverhampton Wanderers
England


George Cohen

George Reginald Cohen (22 October 1939 – 23 December 2022) was an English former professional association football right-back. He won the 1966 World Cup with England. He has been added into the English Football Hall of Fame.

Maurice Norman

Maurice Norman (8 May 1934 – 27 November 2022) is an English former footballer. He played nearly 400 times in the Football League as a centre half for Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur. At international level, Norman won 23 caps for the England national team.
Maurice died on 27 November 2022, at the age of 88.

Alan Peacock

Alan Peacock (born 29 October 1937) is an English former footballer.

He spent the majority of his career at Middlesbrough, also playing for Leeds United and Plymouth Argyle. He joined Middlesbrough in 1954.

Peacock's high scoring rate earned him a place in the 1962 World Cup England squad.

Bryan Douglas

Bryan Douglas (born 27 May 1934) is an English former footballer.

He also earned 36 caps and scored 11 goals for England. He appeared in two World Cups, in 1958 and 1962, appearing in all of England's matches in the two tournaments.

In February 2019 he was one of the first seven players to be added into the club's Hall of Fame.


Peter Swan

Peter Swan (8 October 1936 – 20 January 2021) wan English former professional footballer. His career lasted from 1952 until 1974. Swan made 299 appearances for Sheffield Wednesday. 

Swan died on 20 January 2021, aged 84.


Maurice Setters

Maurice Edgar Setters (16 December 1936 – 22 November 2020) was an English football player and manager. 

As player, he made more than 400 appearances in the Football League representing Exeter City, West Bromwich Albion, Manchester United, Stoke City, Coventry City and Charlton Athletic.

Setters died of Alzheimer's disease-related problems on 22 November 2020, aged 83.

Source:
Manchester United

Colin McDonald

Colin Agnew McDonald (born 15 October 1930) is an English former football goalkeeper. He played for Burnley from 1953 to 1959. He also played eight matches for the England national football team, including all four matches in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.


Tommy Banks

Thomas Banks (born 10 November 1929) is a retired English footballer. He played for Bolton Wanderers from 1947 to 1961, and six matches for the England national football team in 1958, including all four matches in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. 

Freehold Borough, New Jersey

Freehold Borough is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. It is the county seat of Monmouth County. According to the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population is 12,538, and its land area is 1.93 square miles. 

Freehold Borough has a downtown where many restaurants and businesses are located. The downtown is part of the borough's Special Improvement District, which is managed by Downtown Freehold, a nonprofit organization created in 1991.

The borough also contains many suburban homes, including many Victorian-era homes.

Freehold Borough is governed by a council of six people, in addition to one mayor. The current mayor is Kevin A. Kane, a Democrat. All the people on the council are Democrats. 

Clark County, Indiana

Clark County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, 121,093 people lived there. The county seat is Jeffersonville.

Clinton County, Indiana

Clinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 33,190 people lived there. The county seat is Frankfort.

Crawford County, Indiana

Crawford County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 10,526 people lived there. The county seat is English.

Daviess County, Indiana

Daviess County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 33,381 people lived there. The county seat is Washington.

Gray County

Gray County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Anneli Jäätteenmäki

Anneli Tuulikki Jäätteenmäki (born 11 February 1955) is a Finnish politician. She was the first female Prime Minister of Finland from 17 April 2003 to 24 June 2003. From 2004 to 2019, she was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Finland. She was the chairwoman of the Centre Party of Finland from 18 June 2000 to 5 October 2003. In 2003, Jäätteenmäki was the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland.

Daviess County

Daviess County is the name of three counties in the United States (all named for Joseph Hamilton Daveiss):


Franklin County, Indiana

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. It has 13 townships. As of 2020, 22,785 people lived there. The county seat is Brookville.

Franklin County was created in 1811. It was named for Benjamin Franklin.

Bowie, Texas

Bowie is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Nocona, Texas

Nocona is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Saint Jo, Texas

Saint Jo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Alamo Heights, Texas

Alamo Heights is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is surrounded by the city of San Antonio.

Fair Oaks Ranch, Texas

Fair Oaks Ranch is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Schertz, Texas

Schertz is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Elmendorf, Texas

Elmendorf is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Leon Valley, Texas

Leon Valley is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Fallout 76

Fallout 76 is a video game in the "Fallout" series released in 2018. It was developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks.

Although it came out after "Fallout 4", "Fallout 76" is not a sequel. It takes place earlier than all of the other "Fallout" games, more like a prequel.

"Fallout 76" was made using the Creation Engine, just like "Fallout 4". It is also the first "Fallout" game made by Bethesda Game Studios that includes multiplayer. It needs an Internet connection to play, because it is all online.

Diet of Worms

The Diet of Worms was a council of the Holy Roman Empire in the city of Worms. The council was held because of Martin Luther and the Protestant Reformation. It lasted for five months in early 1521. The Emperor, Charles V led the council. Other councils (called Imperial Diets) were held in Worms in the years 829, 926, 1076, 1122, 1495, and 1545, but the most important Diet of Worms was in 1521.
In June 1520, Pope Leo X wrote the Papal bull Exsurge Domine ("Arise, O Lord"), in which he talked about 41 problems he saw in Martin Luther's Ninety-five Theses and his other works. Because of this, the Holy Roman Emperor told Martin Luther to come to the diet. He promised that he would give Luther safe passage to and from it. The Diet started on 23 January 1521. Martin Luther was told that he had to either take back what he had said or defend it.
Most of the important things in the Diet happened between 16-18 April. On 16 April, Martin Luther got to the city of Worms. He was told to come to the Diet at 4 p.m. on the 17th, and given a lawyer. After a day of arguing about his works, he was told that he was acting like a heretic. On the 18th of April, he went home. But Frederick III, Elector of Saxony thought that someone might kill him, so he faked a highway ambush and used this as a reason to hide Luther in one of his castles.

By 23 May 1521, Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, Archduke of Austria, King of Spain (Castile and Aragon), King of Germany, King of Italy, Lord of the Netherlands, and Titular Duke of Burgundy had had enough of all of this Martin Luther business, so he wrote:

After that, he ended the Diet of Worms.

However, because Luther was hidden in Wartburg Castle, nothing ever happened to him.

Dual in-line package

A dual in-line package is one way of making microchips and other integrated circuits. The circuit is put inside of a container made out of materials such as plastic or ceramic. All the wires of the circuit are connected to metal pins, and they stick out of the package on two sides. This way the circuit is able to be used from inside the package.

Things can also be put in a dual in-line package that are not integrated circuits. A DIP switch is one example of this, where there are switches on top of the package instead of a circuit inside.

Adrian Zandberg

Adrian Tadeusz Zandberg (born 4 December 1979) is a Polish politician, historian, programmer. He is the co-founder of the left-wing political party "Razem".

On 14 November 2001, he published an article in the "Gazeta Wyborcza" daily newspaper written together with civil rights activist Jacek Kuroń on the topic of social justice in Poland.

He was elected chairman of the youth wing ("Forum Młodych") of the Labour United party ("Unia Pracy"), was a member of the executive of this party and founded the Federation of Young Socialists ("Młodzi Socjaliści").

He has been a Member of the Sejm since 2019.

Todd Howard

Todd Howard (born ) is an American video game designer. He has been a designer, producer, and game director for games. The most well known of these are the "Fallout" and "The Elder Scrolls" series with Bethesda Game Studios.

Clarksdale, Mississippi

Clarksdale is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Coahoma County.

2039

2039 (MMXXXIX) will be .


Sergei Karimov

Sergei Karimov (German:"Sergej Karimow", Russian: "Сергей Каримов") (21 December 1986 – 24 December 2019) was a Kazakh footballer. He last played for Lupo Martini Wolfsburg. In 2010, he played for the Kazakhstan national football team.

Dario Antoniozzi

Dario Antoniozzi (11 December 1923 – 25 December 2019) was an Italian Christian Democrat politician. He was in the Chamber of Deputies of Italy (1953–1983). He worked in the Government of Italy in the cabinet of Prime Minister of Italy Giulio Andreotti (1976–1979). He was a recipient of the Italian Order of Merit for Culture and Art. He was in the European Parliament from 1979 to 1989.

Peter Schreier

Peter Schreier (29 July 1935 – 25 December 2019) was a German tenor and conductor. He was born in Meissen, Germany. 

Schreier made his professional debut in August 1959, playing the role of the First Prisoner in "Fidelio" by Beethoven. In 1963, he was employed by the Berlin State Opera at "Unter den Linden". In 1969, he starred as The Witch in Engelbert Humperdinck's "Hansel and Gretel".

Schreier died on 25 December 2019 in Dresden, Germany at the age of 84.


Sleepy LaBeef

Thomas Paulsley "Sleepy" LaBeef ("né" LaBeff; July 20, 1935 – December 26, 2019) was an American rockabilly singer-songwriter, guitarist and actor. He was born in Smackover, Arkansas. 

His first hit was 1968's "Every Day", which peaked at No. 73 on the U.S. Billboard Country charts. After moving to Plantation Records in 1969, he scored a second hit in 1971 with "Blackland Farmer", which charted at No. 67. 

LaBeef also starred in the horror movie "The Exotic Ones". He was more popular in Europe. 

LaBeef died on December 26, 2019 in Siloam Springs, Arkansas at the age of 84.


Galina Volchek

Galina Borisovna Volchek (; December 19, 1933 – December 26, 2019) was a Soviet and Russian theater and movie director, actress, politician and teacher. She was born in Moscow.

Volchek was known for her roles in "Don Quixote" (1957), "Children of Don Quixote" (1966), "Beware of the Car" (1966), "King Lear" (1971), "The Little Mermaid" (1976), "About the Little Red Riding Hood" (1977), "Autumn Marathon" (1979) and in "Tevye the Dairyman" (1985).

Volchek was elected a deputy into the State Duma in 1995. She left parliament in 1999.

Volchek died in Moscow of pneumonia on December 26, 2019 at the age of 86.

Graham T. Allison

Graham Tillett Allison Jr. (born March 23, 1940) is an American political scientist and educator. He is a professor at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard. 

His book "Remaking Foreign Policy: The Organizational Connection" was published in 1976. He had some influence on the foreign policy of the administration of President Jimmy Carter who took office in early 1977. 

Since the 1970s, Allison has also been a leading analyst of U.S. national security and defense policy, with a special interest in nuclear weapons and terrorism.


Robert D. Putnam

Robert David Putnam (born January 9, 1941) is an American political scientist. 

He is the Peter and Isabel Malkin Professor of Public Policy at the Harvard University John F. Kennedy School of Government. Putnam developed the two-level game theory that says international agreements will only be successfully if they also have domestic benefits. 

Port Clinton, Ohio

Port Clinton is a city in and the county seat of Ottawa County. It is located at the mouth of the Portage River on Lake Erie, about 44 miles east of Toledo. The population was 6,025 at the 2020 census.

Robert Banas

Robert "Bobby" Banas (born September 22, 1933) is an American dancer and actor. He is known for his work on movies such as "West Side Story" (1961), "Always" (1989) and "Down and Out in Beverly Hills" (1986). He also did a televised performance of the dance (which he also choreographed) for the 1963 Shirley Ellis song, "Nitty Gritty".

Richard Beymer

George Richard Beymer, Jr. (born February 20, 1938) is an American actor, filmmaker and artist. He is best known for playing the roles of Tony in the movie version of "West Side Story" (1961), Peter in "The Diary of Anne Frank" (1959) and Ben Horne on the television series "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991, 2017).

Jimmy Bryant (singer)

James Howard Bryant (June 2, 1929 - June 22, 2022) was an American singer, arranger and composer. He is most well known for being the singing voice of Tony (played onscreen by Richard Beymer) in the 1961 movie musical "West Side Story". 

He also sang for James Fox in the 1967 musical "Thoroughly Modern Millie" and sang in "The Telephone Hour" number in "Bye Bye Birdie". He also sang in the group that performed the theme song of the TV series "Batman".

Bryant was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He died June 22, 2022 at 93. The remake of West Side Story is dedicated to his memory.

Arthur Laurents

Arthur Laurents (July 14, 1917 – May 5, 2011) was an American playwright, stage director and screenwriter.

His best known works were "West Side Story" (1957), "" (1959), and "Hallelujah, Baby!" (1967), and directing some of his own shows and other Broadway productions.

His early movie scripts include "Rope" (1948) for Alfred Hitchcock, followed by "Anastasia" (1956), "Bonjour Tristesse" (1958), "The Way We Were" (1973), and "The Turning Point" (1977).


Quogue, New York

Quogue () is an incorporated village in Suffolk County, New York, United States, in the Town of Southampton, on Long Island. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 1,662. 

Phil Ruffin

Phillip Gene "Phil" Ruffin (born March 14, 1935) is an American businessman. He owns the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. He is also a business partner of Donald Trump, with whom he co-owns the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas. 

On the "Forbes" 2018 list of the world's billionaires, he was ranked No. 877 with a net worth of US $2.7 billion.


Aureus

Aureus (plural: aurei) was a type of gold coin in ancient Rome. It had the same value as 25 denarii silver coins. An aureus was the same size as a denarius, but it weighed more because gold is more dense.

The aureus coin was first used in 1st century BC. It stopped being used in the 4th century AD. It was replaced by the solidus.

Jerry Herman

Gerald Sheldon Herman (July 10, 1931 – December 26, 2019) was an American composer and lyricist. He was known for his work in Broadway musical theater. He composed the scores for the hit Broadway musicals "Hello, Dolly!", "Mame", and "La Cage aux Folles".

He was nominated for the Tony Award five times, and won twice, for "Hello, Dolly!" and "La Cage aux Folles". He won a Grammy Award in 1965. In 2009, Herman received the Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre. He was a recipient of the 2010 Kennedy Center Honors.

Herman, who was openly gay, was diagnosed HIV-positive in 1985.

Herman died on December 26, 2019 at a hospital in Miami, Florida from lung disease at the age of 88.


Adam DeVine

Adam Patrick DeVine (born November 7, 1983) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, producer, and singer. He is one of the stars and co-creators of the Comedy Central series "Workaholics".

He plays the role of Bumper in the musical movies "Pitch Perfect" and "Pitch Perfect 2" and Andy in the sitcom "Modern Family" and Adam Demamp in the sitcom "Workaholics". 

His other roles include "Neighbors", "The Intern", "The Final Girls", "Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates", "Game Over, Man!" and "When We First Met". 

He has voiced characters in movies including "" and "The Lego Batman Movie". 

DeVine has voiced characters on animated series "Uncle Grandpa", "", "Vampirina", and "Green Eggs and Ham".

DeVine married actress Chloe Bridges in 2021.

Hack and slash

Hack and slash or hack and slay (H&S or HnS; also hack-and-slash or hack 'n' slay) is a type of gameplay that emphasizes combat.

The term "hack and slash" was used to describe a play style in tabletop role-playing games, from there to MUDs, MMORPGs, and role-playing video games. In arcade- and console-style action video games, it has a different usage, it focuses on real-time combat with hand-to-hand weapons against guns or fists.<ref name="Wells/Mohan"></ref>

Sachse, Texas

Sachse is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lowry Crossing, Texas

Lowry Crossing is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Celina, Texas

Celina is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Allen, Texas

Allen is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States, a northern suburb of Dallas. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city had a total population of 104,627.

The Colony, Texas

The Colony is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a suburb of Dallas.

Ennis, Texas

Ennis is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Hurst, Texas

Hurst is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Dalworthington Gardens, Texas

Dalworthington Gardens is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. It is a suburb of Arlington. The population was 2,293 at the 2020 census.

Azle, Texas

Azle is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Hudson Oaks, Texas

Hudson Oaks is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bovina, Texas

Bovina is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Mirasi

Mirasi refers to a caste of people living in North India, Pakistan especially punjab area who earn their living by singing, dancing, entertaining as jokers. These people are considerd inferior caste in social system.

Friona, Texas

Friona is a city in Parmer County, Texas, United States. In 2020, 4,171 people lived in Friona.

Appleby, Texas

Appleby is a city of Nacogdoches County, in the U.S. state of Texas.

Chireno, Texas

Chireno is a city in Nacogdoches County, Texas, United States. The population was 370 at the 2020 census.

American actress, singer, and dancer Ann Miller (1923-2004) was born in Chireno.


Cushing, Texas

Cushing is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Garrison, Texas

Garrison is a city of Nacogdoches County, in the U.S. state of Texas.

Haslet, Texas

Haslet is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Justin, Texas

Justin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Roanoke, Texas

Roanoke is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Dearborn County, Indiana

Dearborn County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 50,679 people lived there. The county seat and largest city is Lawrenceburg.

Ball, Louisiana

Ball is a suburb of Alexandria. It is in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.

Boyce, Louisiana

Boyce is a small town in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.

Decatur County, Indiana

Decatur County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 26,472 people lived there. The county seat is Greensburg.

Warren Park, Indiana

Warren Park is a town in Warren Township, Marion County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,490 at the 2020 census.

Austwell, Texas

Austwell is a city in Refugio County, Texas, United States.

Italy, Texas

Italy is a town in Ellis County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,926 people lived there.


Brazos Bend, Texas

Brazos Bend is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Perryton, Texas

Perryton is a city in Ochiltree County, Texas, United States. The population was 8,492 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Ochiltree County.


La Chaux

La Chaux is the name or part of the name of several places:




Moiry

Moiry may refer to:

Shaheed

Shaheed ( ,  ,   ; ) denotes a martyr in Islam and Sikhism. The word is used frequently in the Quran in the generic sense of "witness" but only once in the sense of "martyr" (i.e. one who dies for his faith); the latter sense acquires wider usage in the "hadith".

A shaheed is one who is promised to go to Jannah according to these verses of the Quran:

Think not of those, who are slain in the way of Allah, as dead. Nay, they are living. With their Lord they have provision. Jubilant (are they) because of that which Allah hath bestowed upon them of His bounty, rejoicing for the sake of those who have not joined them but are left behind: That there shall no fear come upon them neither shall they grieve.

- Quran 3:169–170 

Lo! Allah hath bought from the believers their lives and their wealth because the Garden will be theirs: they shall fight in the way of Allah and shall slay and be slain. It is a promise which is binding on Him in the Torah and the Gospel and the Qur'an. Who fulfilleth His covenant better than Allah? Rejoice then in your bargain that ye have made, for that is the supreme triumph.

- Quran 9:111

Those who fled their homes for the cause of Allah and then were slain or died, Allah verily will provide for them a good provision. Lo! Allah, He verily is Best of all who make provision. Assuredly He will cause them to enter by an entry that they will love. Lo! Allah verily is Knower, Indulgent.

- Quran 22:58–59

Fallout 2

Fallout 2: A Post Nuclear Role Playing Game (usually just called Fallout 2) was a video game released in 1998. It was made by Black Isle Studios and published by Interplay. It was a sequel to "Fallout", and the second game in the "Fallout" series. It had very similar graphics and gameplay to the first "Fallout", but a larger world and longer story.

The sequel to "Fallout 2" was not made by Black Isle Studios because Bethesda Softworks bought the "Fallout" series. Eventually Bethesda Game Studios made "Fallout 3" in 2008.

Tim Cain

Tim Cain is an American video game designer. He designed the game "Fallout", which came out in 1997. In 2009 he was chosen by IGN as one of the top 100 game creators of all time.

UTC−05:00

UTC−05:00 makes clocks 5 hours earlier than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are the places that are on the UTC−05:00 time zone.

"Principal cities: New York, Toronto, Havana



"Principal cities: Mexico City, Chicago, Winnipeg"


"Principal cities: Bogotá, Lima, Kingston





Richmond, British Columbia

Richmond is a city on Lulu Island and in the Metro Vancouver area of British Columbia. The Canada Line and Vancouver International Airport are also located inside Richmond. Richmond had 196,660 people in it in 2006.


Many shopping malls are located in Richmond, these include:

The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas

"The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas" short story by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin. It was published in 1973. The story happens in a utopian city called Omelas. The city can only be wealthy and happy as long as a single child suffers. "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas" was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Short Fiction in 1974 and won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1974.

The Wind's Twelve Quarters

The Wind's Twelve Quarters is a collection of short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin. The title is from A. E. Housman's "A Shropshire Lad" Harper & Row published the book in 1975. Le Guin called it a look back at her start as a writer. The book has 17 stories that had already been published. Four of the stories were the first ideas for novels she wrote later: "The Word of Unbinding" and "The Rule of Names" was the beginning of Earthsea. "Semley's Necklace" was first titles "Dowry of the Angyar" in 1964. Then it was the start of the novel "Rocannon's World" in 1966; "Winter's King" is about people living on the planet Winter, as is Le Guin's later novel "The Left Hand of Darkness". Most of the other stories are also connected to Le Guin's novels. The story "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas" won the Hugo Award in 1974. "The Day Before the Revolution" won the Locus and Nebula Awards in 1975.


Kulubá

Kulubá is an ancient Maya civilization city and archaeological site in the Tizimín Municipality, Yucatán, Mexico.

The archaeological zone was originally discovered in 1941. Excavation of the site is still in its initial stages even though research in the area has been going on for over a decade. So far, a large palace has been partially uncovered. It is 55 meters by 15 meters and stand six meters tall. Other remains include a residential and cooking area. A burial site has also been identified. The governor of Yucatan announced in 2019 that a significant amount of money was to be invested in development of the site as a tourist destination.

Kim (Korean surname)

Kim or Gim () is the most common surname, or family name, in Korea. In 2015 more than 10 million people in South Korea had this name. That is over 20% of all people in the country. The Kim family is the current ruling family in North Korea.


Angela Rayner

Angela Rayner ("née" Bowen; born 28 March 1980) is a British politician serving as Shadow First Secretary of State and Deputy Leader of the Opposition since 2020. A member of the Labour Party, she currently serves as its Deputy leader. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Ashton-under-Lyne since 2015. She served in the Shadow Cabinet of Jeremy Corbyn as Shadow Secretary of State for Education since 2016.

In January 2020, Rayner announced her candidacy for Labour Deputy Leader in the 2020 deputy leadership election, which she won.

Ronald Melzack

Ronald Melzack, (July 19, 1929 – December 22, 2019) was a Canadian psychologist and emeritus professor of psychology at McGill University. He was known for his pain research by introducing the gate control theory of pain. 

He was a founding member of the International Association for the Study of Pain. He also became the founding editor of "Wall & Melzack's Textbook of Pain"

Melzack had many honors including Prix du Québec (1994), the Order of Canada (1995), and the National Order of Quebec (2000). In 2010, he won the Grawemeyer Award for his research on the science of pain.

Lee Mendelson

Mendelson Productions has produced over 100 television and movie productions, winning 12 Emmys and 4 Peabodys, as well as many Grammy, Emmy, and Oscar nominations.
Mendleson joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1961. He worked on some Tom and Jerry films. He produced A Charlie Brown Christmas. In 1966, he joined Disney. Movies like for example, The lion King. (1994). Afew years later He joined the Hanna-Barbera. Characters like Scooby-doo. Later hE joined Nickelodeon Movies,
Like producing Spongebob Squarepants.

Mendelson died on December 25, 2019 from lung cancer in Hillsborough, California at the age of 86.


Hillsborough, California

Hillsborough is an incorporated town in San Mateo County, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is located south of San Francisco on the San Francisco Peninsula. The population was 11,387 as of 2020.

Don Imus

John Donald Imus Jr. (July 23, 1940 – December 27, 2019) was an American radio personality, television show host, recording artist, and author. He was known for his radio show "Imus in the Morning" which aired on many stations until 2018.

His first radio job in 1968 at KUTY in Palmdale, California. Three years later, he landed the morning spot at WNBC in New York City; he was fired in 1977.

In 1979, Imus returned to WNBC and stayed at the station until 1988 when the show moved to WFAN. He became popular when the show entered national syndication in 1993. He was called a "shock jock" radio host throughout his later career. He retired from broadcasting in March 2018.

In March 2009, Imus was diagnosed with stage 2 prostate cancer. He refused to have chemotherapy.

Imus was hospitalized in College Station, Texas, on December 24, 2019 for problems caused by lung disease. He died three days later, on December 27, at the age of 79.


LeRoy Zimmerman

LeRoy S. Zimmerman (born December 22, 1934) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Attorney General of Pennsylvania from 1981 through 1989. He was the first person to be elected as state attorney general.

In 2002, he was named to the PoliticsPA list of politically influential individuals. He was named again in 2003 and called a, "power broker in Central Pennsylvania." 


J. Charles Jones

Joseph Charles Jones (August 23, 1937 – December 27, 2019) was an American civil rights leader and lawyer. He was the co-founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), and chairperson of the SNCC's direct action committee. Jones was born in Chester, South Carolina.

He led and participated in several sit-in movements during the 1960s. He was chair of SNCC's direct action committee. In 1961 Jones joined the Freedom Riders driving from Atlanta, Georgia, to Birmingham, Alabama. He was later arrested in Montgomery, Alabama.

In 1966, Jones organized an activist organization called the Action Coordinating Committee to End Segregation in the Suburbs or ACCESS.

Chester, South Carolina

Chester is a small city in Chester County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 5,269 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Chester County. Chester County is part of the Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia Metropolitan Statistical Area (formerly Columbia, SC Metropolitan Statistical Area until 1987)

Allison Feaster

Allison Sharlene Feaster-Strong (born February 11, 1976) is a retired American professional basketball player. Feaster-Strong played in the Women's National Basketball Association from 1998 through 2008, for the Los Angeles Sparks, Charlotte Sting, and Indiana Fever.

She played professionally in Europe from 1998 through 2016 for teams in Portugal, France, Spain, and Italy. She retired from professional basketball in August 2016. She was born in Chester, South Carolina.


Freedom Riders

Freedom Riders were civil rights activists who rode interstate buses into the segregated Southern United States in 1961 and following years to challenge the non-enforcement of the United States Supreme Court decisions "Morgan v. Virginia" (1946) and "Boynton v. Virginia" (1960), which ruled that segregated public buses were unconstitutional. 

The Southern states had ignored the rulings and the federal government did nothing to enforce them. The first Freedom Ride left Washington, D.C. on May 4, 1961, and was scheduled to arrive in New Orleans on May 17.

Southern local and state police considered the actions of the Freedom Riders to be criminal and arrested them in some locations. In some places, such as Birmingham, Alabama, the police worked with the Ku Klux Klan and other white people against the actions of the riders, and allowed mobs to attack the riders.

Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee

The Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC, often pronounced ) was the main channel of student activity to the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s. 

They were a group of students who wanted to show segregation was wrong. They would sit in white only shops and cafes and refuse to move even if they were attacked.

It was created in 1960 from the student-led sit-ins to protest segregated lunch counters in Greensboro, North Carolina and Nashville, Tennessee. The group was mainly founded and headed by Ella Baker.


Sterling Marlin

Sterling Burton Marlin (born June 30, 1957) is an American former stock car racing driver. He formerly competed in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. He won the Daytona 500 in 1994 and 1995. He is the son of late NASCAR driver Coo Coo Marlin. 

In October 2012, Marlin was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.


Columbia, Tennessee

Columbia is a city in and the county seat of Maury County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 41,690 at the 2020 census.

Maury County, Tennessee

Maury County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee, in the Middle Tennessee region. As of the 2020 census, the population was 100,974. Its county seat is Columbia.

Fred Lorenzen

Frederick "Fred" Lorenzen, Jr. (born December 30, 1934), nicknamed The Golden Boy, Fast Freddie, The Elmhurst Express and Fearless Freddy, is an American NASCAR driver. He was born in Elmhurst, Illinois. His career lasted from 1958 to 1972. He won the 1965 Daytona 500.

Rona Ambrose

Ronalee Chapchuk "Rona" Ambrose (; born March 15, 1969) is a Canadian politician. She was interim Leader of the Conservative Party and the Leader of the Opposition between 2015 and 2017. 

She was the Conservative Party member of the House of Commons for Sturgeon River—Parkland between 2015 and 2017, and had represented Edmonton—Spruce Grove from 2004 to 2015.

Leader of the Official Opposition (Canada)

The Leader of His Majesty's Loyal Opposition () is the leader of Canada's Official Opposition. It is the party possessing the most seats in the House of Commons that is not the governing party or part of the governing coalition. 

The former interim Leader of the Opposition was Candice Bergen, M.P. since Erin O'Toole's resignation in February 2022. Pierre Poilievre is the current Leader of the Opposition. 

Bill Graham (Canadian politician)

William Carvel "Bill" Graham (March 17, 1939 – August 7, 2022) was a Canadian lawyer, law professor, politician, and Chancellor of Trinity College. 

Graham was Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of National Defence, Leader of the Opposition and interim Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada.

Graham died on August 7, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 83.

Guccio Gucci

Guccio Gucci (26 March 1881 – 2 January 1953) was an Italian-British businessman and fashion designer. He is most known for being the founder of the fashion house of Gucci.

Hugo Boss

Hugo Boss AG, often styled as BOSS, is a German luxury fashion house headquartered in Metzingen. It was founded in 1924 by Hugo Boss.

With the rise of the Nazi Party in the 1930s, Boss began to produce and sell Nazi uniforms. After World War II and the founder's death in 1948, Hugo Boss started to turn its focus from uniforms to men's suits. The company went public in 1988. Hugo Boss online store in Great Britain is launched in September 2008 and selling Men's suits online from there.

Hugo Boss along with the Guggenheim Museum administers the Hugo Boss Prize which is given annually to artists from around the world.


Hugo Boss (fashion designer)

Hugo Ferdinand Boss (8 July 1885 – 9 August 1948) was a German fashion designer and businessman. He was the founder of the clothing company Hugo Boss AG. He was an active member of the Nazi Party from 1931 to 1945.

Metzingen

Metzingen is a Swabian city with about 22,000 people in it, in Reutlingen county, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, south of Stuttgart.

Roy Raymond

Roy Larson Raymond (April 15, 1947 – August 26, 1993) was an American businessman. He founded the Victoria's Secret lingerie retail store in 1977.

On August 26, 1993, Raymond committed suicide by jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge.

Louis Vuitton (designer)

Louis Vuitton (; 4 August 1821 – 27 February 1892) was a French fashion designer and businessman. He was the founder of the Louis Vuitton brand of leather goods now owned by LVMH.

LVMH

LVMH Moët Hennessy – Louis Vuitton SE (), also known as LVMH, is a French multinational luxury goods conglomerate headquartered in Paris (France). The company was formed in 1987 under the merger of fashion house Louis Vuitton with Moët Hennessy, a company formed after the 1971. 

Charles Lewis Tiffany

Charles Lewis Tiffany (February 15, 1812 – February 18, 1902) was an American jewelry designer. He was a leader in the nineteenth century American jewelry trade. He founded New York City's Tiffany & Co. in 1837. He helped introduced the English standard of sterling silver in imported jewelry in 1851.

Sankt Augustin

Sankt Augustin is a town in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is named after the patron saint of the Divine Word Missionaries, Saint Augustine of Hippo (354-430). 

Sankt Augustin is twinned with:

Mevaseret Zion

Mevaseret Zion () is a suburb of Jerusalem with the administrative status of a local council. Mevaseret Zion is made up of two distinct older townships, Maoz Zion and Mevaseret Yerushalayim.

Mevaseret Zion is located on a mountain ridge 750 meters above sea level, on the outskirts of Jerusalem.


Szentes

Szentes is a city in south-eastern Hungary, Csongrád county.


Quentin Burdick

Quentin Northrup Burdick (June 19, 1908 – September 8, 1992) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party. He represented North Dakota in the U.S. House of Representatives (1959–1960) and the U.S. Senate (1960–1992). 

At the time of his death, he was the third longest-serving senator (after Strom Thurmond and Robert Byrd) among current members of the Senate.

Burdick died of heart failure at a Fargo, North Dakota hospital at the age of 84.


Erzsébet Szőnyi

Erzsébet Szőnyi, also Erzsébet Szilágyi, (25 April 1924 – 28 December 2019) was a Hungarian composer and music teacher. Her works were about symphonic compositions, chamber music works, art songs, and oratorios. She also wrote many stage works including eight operas. She was born in Budapest. In 1964, Erzsébet became a member directing the International Society for Music Education (ISME). She was vice-president of ISME from 1970 to 1974.

Szőnyi died on 28 December 2019 in Budapest at the age of 95.


Takehiko Endo

On September 3, 2007, due to the financial scandal, he resigned as Minister of Agriculture just eight days after he was appointed to the post.

Endo died of pneumonia on December 27, 2019 in Yonezawa, Yamagata at the age of 81.

Bek Air Flight 2100

Bek Air Flight 2100 was a domestic passenger flight from Almaty to Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan, onboard a Fokker 100. It crashed on 27 December 2019 while taking off from Almaty International Airport. 

Initial reports said fourteen people had been killed and 66 were critically injured, with one of the first survivors dying later in hospital, bringing total fatalities to fifteen; however, the death toll was later fixed to 12, without any explanation. 

The local government has started investigations and more reports are pending. The exact number of people on board was not immediately determined.

Wilson Livingood

Wilson "Bill" Livingood (born October 1, 1936) was elected Sergeant at Arms of the United States House of Representatives on January 4, 1995. Livingood was the 35th person to hold the post. 

Sergeant at Arms of the United States House of Representatives

The Sergeant at Arms of the United States House of Representatives is an officer of the House with law enforcement, protocol, and administrative responsibilities. 

The Sergeant at Arms is elected at the beginning of each Congress by the membership of the House.

They are known for announcing "Mister/Madam Speaker, the President of the United States" during the beginning of the State of the Union Address as the President enters the United States Capitol.


Paul D. Irving

Paul D. Irving (born August 1957) is an American law enforcement officer. In January 2012, he became the Sergeant at Arms of the United States House of Representatives. He replaced Wilson Livingood. He also worked for the United States Secret Service.

Romà Cuyàs i Sol

Romà Cuyàs i Sol (24 November 1938 – 27 December 2019), was a Spanish lawyer and sports and cultural executive. He was the President of the Spanish Olympic Committee between 1983 and 1984 and comissioner of the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona.

Kushal Punjabi

Kushal Punjabi (23 April 1977 – 26 December 2019) was an Indian actor. He won the TV reality game show, "", the Indian version of the American game show "Wipeout" in February 2011.

Punjabi had been in movies such as "Lakshya", "Kaal" and in "Ssshhhh...Phir Koi Hai." He had also appeared in television shows such as "Ishq Mei Marjawan".

Punjabi hung himself at his Mumbai home on 26 December 2019 at the age of 42.

William Greider

William Harold Greider (August 6, 1936 – December 25, 2019) was an American journalist and author. He wrote mainly about economics. He was national affairs correspondent for "The Nation". He also wrote for the "Rolling Stone" magazine during the 1980s and 1990s, and worked as an on-air correspondent for "Frontline" on PBS.

Greider died at his home in Washington, D.C. from congestive heart failure-related problems, aged 83, on December 25, 2019.

Joseph Segel

Joseph Myron Segel (January 9, 1931 – December 21, 2019) was an American entrepreneur. He was the founder of over 20 American companies, most notably QVC, an American television network, and the Franklin Mint. He was seen as the inventor of television shopping channels.

Segel died on December 21, 2019 at the age of 88 in Gladwyne, Pennsylvania from congestive heart failure.


Gladwyne, Pennsylvania

Gladwyne is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. In 2018, Gladwyne was ranked the 6th richest ZIP code (using 2015 IRS data) in the country in a study by Bloomberg BusinessWeek. The population was 4,071 at the 2010 US census.

Elizabeth Spencer (writer)

Elizabeth Spencer (July 19, 1921 – December 22, 2019) was an American writer. She was born in Carrollton, Mississippi. Spencer's first novel, "Fire in the Morning", was published in 1948. She wrote a total of nine novels, seven collections of short stories, a memoir ("Landscapes of the Heart", 1998), and a play ("For Lease or Sale", 1989). 

Her novella "The Light in the Piazza" (1960) was made into a movie in 1962 and made into a Broadway musical of the same name in 2005. 

She was a five-time recipient of the O. Henry Award for short fiction.

Spencer's mother was the great-aunt of U.S. Senator John McCain.

Spencer died on December 22, 2019 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 98.


Orange County, North Carolina

Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 148,696 people lived there. Its county seat is Hillsborough.


Siler City, North Carolina

Siler City is a town in western Chatham County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town's population was 7,702.

Pittsboro, North Carolina

Pittsboro is a town in Chatham County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 4,537 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Chatham County.

Carrollton, Mississippi

Carrollton is a town in and the second county seat of Carroll County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 423 at the 2020 census. 

Vaiden, Mississippi

Vaiden is a town in Carroll County, Mississippi, United States and its first county seat. The population was 907 at the 2020 census.

Gaston County, North Carolina

Gaston County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 227,943. The county seat is Gastonia.


Monroe, North Carolina

Monroe is a city in and the county seat of Union County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 34,562 in 2020. It is within the rapidly growing Charlotte-Gastonia-Rock Hill, NC-SC Metropolitan area.

A new mayor was elected in 2023. The election came down to a coin flip which Robert Burns won.

Union County, North Carolina

Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 238,267. Its county seat is Monroe.

Robeson County, North Carolina

Robeson County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 116,530. Its county seat is Lumberton.

Lumberton, North Carolina

Lumberton is a city in Robeson County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of Robeson County, which is the largest county in the state by land area. 

Elizabethtown, North Carolina

Elizabethtown is a town in Bladen County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,296 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Bladen County.

Dallas, North Carolina

Dallas is a small town in Gaston County, North Carolina, and a suburb of Charlotte, located north of Gastonia. The population was 5,927 at the 2020 census. It was named for George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States under James K. Polk.

Silver City, North Carolina

Silver City is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in Hoke County, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 643 at the 2020 census.

Raeford, North Carolina

Raeford is a city in Hoke County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 4,559 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Hoke County. 

Hoke County, North Carolina

Hoke County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,082. Its county seat is Raeford.

Fly Me to the Moon

"Fly Me to the Moon", originally titled "In Other Words", is a song written in 1954 by Bart Howard. 

Kaye Ballard made the first recording of the song the year it was written. Frank Sinatra's 1964 version was mainly about the Apollo missions to the Moon. Patti Page also sang this song and made a hit. 

In 1999, the Songwriters Hall of Fame honored "Fly Me to the Moon" by adding it as a "Towering Song".

You Make Me Feel So Young

"You Make Me Feel So Young" is a 1946 popular song composed by Josef Myrow, with lyrics written by Mack Gordon. It was created for the movie "Three Little Girls in Blue".

The song was recorded by Frank Sinatra in 1956, and performed many times throughout his career. It is featured in the 2003 movie "Elf".

Rat Pack

The Rat Pack was an informal group of entertainers centered on the Las Vegas casino scene. The group met at the Los Angeles home of Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall.

In the 1960s the group had Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., Peter Lawford and Joey Bishop among others. They appeared together on stage and in movies in the early 1960s, including the movies "Ocean's 11", "Sergeants 3", and "Robin and the 7 Hoods" (in the last movie, Bing Crosby replaced Lawford). Sinatra, Martin, and Davis were seen as the group's lead members after Bogart's death.

Send In the Clowns

"Send In the Clowns" is a song written by Stephen Sondheim for the 1973 musical "A Little Night Music". Sondheim wrote the song specifically for Glynis Johns. It became Sondheim's most popular song after Frank Sinatra recorded it in 1973 and Judy Collins' version charted in 1975 and 1977. 

Bosworth, Missouri

Bosworth is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States. The population was 213 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Carroll County, Missouri

Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 8,495. Its county seat is Carrollton. 

Carrollton, Missouri

Carrollton is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States. The population was 3,514 at the 2020 census. The population is down 270 residents since 2010. Carrollton is the county seat of Carroll County.

Ray County, Missouri

Ray County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,158. Its county seat is Richmond.

Richmond, Missouri

Richmond is a city in Ray County, Missouri, and part of the Kansas City metropolitan area within the United States. The population was 6,013 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Ray County.

Newton County, Missouri

Newton County is a county located in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 58,648. Its county seat is Neosho.

Savannah, Missouri

Savannah is a city and county seat of Andrew County, Missouri, United States. The population was 5,069 at the 2020 census.

Chicka Chicka Boom Boom

Chicka Chicka Boom Boom is a bestselling American children's book written by Bill Martin, Jr. and John Archambault, illustrated by Lois Ehlert, and published by Simon & Schuster in 1989. The book features anthropomorphized letters.

McKeesport, Pennsylvania

McKeesport is a city in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 17,727 at the 2020 census, and it is Allegheny County's second-largest city, after Pittsburgh. It is at the confluence of the Monongahela and Youghiogheny rivers and within the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. It was founded in 1795.


Pietro Brollo

Pietro Brollo (1 December 1933 – 5 December 2019) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Tolmezzo.

Brollo was ordained to the priesthood in 1957. He was titular bishop of "Zuglio" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Udine, Italy, from 1985 to 1995. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belluno-Feltre, Italy, from 1995 to 2000. Brollo was archbishop of the Udine Archdiocese from 2000 to 2009.

Brollo died on 5 December 2019 in Tolmezzo at the age of 86.

Tolmezzo

Tolmezzo (, , archaic or "Schönfeld") is a city and "comune" in the province of Udine, part of the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of north-eastern Italy.

Trasquera

Trasquera is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Trasquera is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. It is in the Val Divedro, on the border with Switzerland. As of 2004, 247 people lived there. It has an area of .

Trasquera is next to these municipalities: Bognanco, Crevoladossola, Domodossola, Varzo, Zwischbergen (Switzerland).

Baceno

Baceno (Lombard "Bascén", Walser German: "Aager") is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Baceno is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. It is on the border with Switzerland. As of 2004, 963 people lived there. It has an area of .

Baceno is next to these municipalities: Binn (Switzerland), Crodo, Formazza, Grengiols (Switzerland), Premia, Varzo.


Bangs, Texas

Bangs is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Blackwell, Texas

Blackwell is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Robert Lee, Texas

Robert Lee is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Coke County.

Flower Mound, Texas

Flower Mound is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Weimar, Texas

Weimar is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Subaru Brat

The Subaru BRAT, short for "Bi-drive Recreational All-terrain Transporter", known outside Canada and the United States as the 284 in the United Kingdom, Brumby in Australia, and Shifter, MV, or Targa in other markets, was a pickup truck that was made by Subaru from 1978 until 1994. The Subaru BRAT was an all-wheel drive automobile.


Subaru Sambar

The Subaru Sambar is a cabover kei truck and microvan that is currently made by Daihatsu. The Subaru Sambar is common in Japan and is uncommon in the United States and Canada but is sent to these countries when people buy them. However, Subaru did make some Sambars to be sold in the United States. 


Hicksville, New York

Hicksville is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) within the town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York, United States, on Long Island. The population of the CDP was 43,869 at the 2020 census.

American crow

The American crow ("Corvus brachyrhynchos") is a species of crow that is found in North America. It is of least concern, this means that it is not in any danger of dying out. A large group of crows is also called a murder. These crows can also be tamed to be around humans.

It is a common bird found throughout much of North America. American crows are the North American counterpart to the carrion crow and the hooded crow of Eurasia; they all occupy the same ecological niche (role in their environment). Although the American crow and the hooded crow are very similar in size and behavior, their calls and the way the look are different.

From beak to tail, an American crow measures , almost half of which is tail. Mass is between , with males tending to be bigger than females. Plumage is all black, with feathers that look like they shine in the sun. It looks much like the other all-black birds in their family. They are very intelligent, and adaptable to human environments. The most usual call is "".

American crows are very common in North America. They are considered a pest to farms.

These crows also carry different viruses that might be harmful to humans if the crow is infected with the disease.

They also catch the West Nile virus easily making them useful to track the virus's spread.

Crows are used as a motif in some human cultures, they are used as symbols of death, thieves, graveyards, bad luck, and other things seen as bad.

However, they are seen by some neo-pagan and native cultures as signs of good luck, and even of some gods, such as Apollo & Odin.

Large-billed crow

The large-billed crow ("Corvus macrorhynchos") is a type of crow found in East Asia. Sometimes people think that this bird is a raven. This crow is of least concern so it is safe. It is also called the jungle crow. The bird was called a 'gorilla crow' in Japan, this is because people said it looked like one when they were looking at it.

Lee (Korean surname)

Lee or I () is the second most common surname, or family name, in Korea. In 2015 more than 7 million people in South Korea had this name. That is over 14% of all people in the country.

Gaels

The Gaels are an ethnic group who are native to Ireland, Scotland and the Isle of Man in northwestern Europe. Gaelic languages are spoken by the Gaels, including m Irish, Manx and Scottish Gaelic.

Urlabari Municipality

Urlabari is a city and municipality in the Morang District in the Province 1 of southeastern Nepal that makes it the second largest city in Morang District after Biratnagar. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 18224. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census, it had a population of 35,166 and 8,165 households.

It is found 60 km eastern part of metropolitan city Biratnagar.

Aimyon

Studio albums

Extended plays

Single

As lead artist

As featured artist

Cateel

', officially the ', is a (or town) in the province of , . According to the , it has a population of people.

In governmental administration, Cateel is divided into 16 divisions called barangays.

Maurizio Noci

Maurizio Noci (10 August 1937 – 22 December 2019) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies, the Italian Senate and an undersecretary in the Ministry of Agriculture and Forests. He was the mayor of Crema from 1975 to 1979. Noci was born in Crema. He was a member of the Italian Socialists.

Noci died on 22 December 2019 in Crema at the age of 82.


Thanos Mikroutsikos

Athanasios "Thanos" Mikroutsikos (; 13 April 1947 – 28 December 2019) was a Greek composer and politician. He was thought to be one of the most important composers of the recent Greek musical scene. He was born in Patras, Greece. In 1994, he became Minister of Culture. He left the job in 1996. He was supporter of the Communist Party of Greece.

Mikroutsikos died on 28 December 2019 from lung cancer at a hospital in Athens at the age of 72.

Mikhail Zhvanetsky

Mikhail Mikhaylovich Zhvanetsky (; born 6 March 1934 – 6 November 2020) was a Soviet-Russian writer, satirist and performer. He was best known for his shows about different parts of the Soviet and post-Soviet everyday life. He was born in Odessa, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. He joined the Union of Soviet Writers in 1978 and has written several books.


A minor planet, 5931 Zhvanetskij, discovered on April 1, 1976, is named after him (using different transliteration of the surname).

Vishwesha Teertha

Sri Vishwesha Tirtharu (officially known as ; (27 April 1931 – 29 December 2019) ) was an Indian Hindu guru. He was the Swamiji of the Sri Pejavara Adokshaja Matha, one of the Ashta Mathas belonging to the Dvaita school of philosophy, founded by Sri Madhvacharya. 

Sri Vishvesha Tirtharu was the 32nd in the lineage of the Pejavara matha, starting from Sri Adhokshaja Tirtharu. He was the honorary president of "Vishva Tulu Sammelana". Teertha was born in Ramakunja, India.

Teertha died on 29 December 2019 at a hospital in Pejawara Matha, Udupi of pneumonia at the age of 88.


Pat Crowley

Patricia Crowley (born September 17, 1933) was an American actress. She co-starred with Rosemary Clooney in a 1954 musical, "Red Garters", and with Barbara Stanwyck and Fred MacMurray in the 1956 drama "There's Always Tomorrow".

Olyphant, Pennsylvania

Olyphant is a borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. It is about five miles (8 km) northeast of Scranton.

Karen Sharpe

Karen Kay Sharpe (born September 20, 1934) is an American actress. In 1969 to 1970, Sharpe was cast as Laura Thomas, the girlfriend of the title character, in 18 episodes of the CBS Western series "Johnny Ringo". 

Carroll Baker

Carroll Baker (born May 28, 1931) is an American actress. She is known for her role in "Baby Doll" in 1956. Her role in the movie earned her BAFTA and Oscar nominations for Best Actress, as well as a Golden Globe award for Most Promising Newcomer that year.

Her other early movie roles included George Stevens' "Giant" (1956), playing the love interest of James Dean, and in the romantic comedy "But Not for Me" (1959).

Susan Kohner

Susanna "Susan" Kohner (born November 11, 1936) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Sarah Jane in "Imitation of Life" (1959), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Globe award.


Barry Coe

Barry S. Coe (born Barry Clark Heacock, November 26, 1934 – July 16, 2019) was an American actor. He co-starred in one series, titled "Follow the Sun", which aired on ABC during the 1961-1962 season. He also played "Mr. Goodwrench" on TV commercials in the 1970s and 1980s.

Coe died on July 16, 2019 from myelodysplastic syndrome in Palm Desert, California at the age of 84.

Michael Callan

Michael Callan (born November 22, 1935-11 October 2022) is an American actor. He was best known for the role of Riff in "West Side Story" on Broadway, and for his movie roles for Columbia Pictures, notably "Gidget Goes Hawaiian", "The Interns" and "Cat Ballou".

Mark Damon

Mark Damon (born April 22, 1933) is an American actor and producer. His best known role was in Roger Corman's "House of Usher".


Keir Dullea

Keir Atwood Dullea (; born May 30, 1936) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles of astronaut David Bowman in the 1968 movie "" and its 1984 sequel, "2010: The Year We Make Contact". 

His other movie roles include "Bunny Lake Is Missing" (1965) and "Black Christmas" (1974). 

Margot Bennett (actress)

Margot Bennett (born Muriel Eisenberg, February 19, 1935) is an American publicist and actress. She is best known for her appearances in the movies "O Lucky Man!" and "Who Killed Teddy Bear". She was the first wife of both actor Keir Dullea and, later, actor Malcolm McDowell.

Woodmere, New York

Woodmere is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 18,669 at the 2020 census.

Howard Weitzman

Howard Lloyd Weitzman (September 21, 1939 – April 7, 2021) was an American entertainment lawyer. He was known for representing Michael Jackson's estate in the IRS case against him. Other famous clients include Justin Bieber, O.J. Simpson and John DeLorean.

Weitzman was a founding partner at Kinsella Weitzman Iser Kump & Aldisert (KWIKA). He was born in Los Angeles.

Weitzman died on April 7, 2021 in Los Angeles from cancer, aged 81.

Parspatunik

Parspatunik,Parspatuniq(in , also Parasapatene and Patsparunik, Parparunik) was the 26th district of Vaspurakan province and the largest region (550 km ²) of the kingdom of Greater Armenia. After 72 A.D. Parspatuniq became principality of Great Armenia, which owned two regions (Parspatunik and Marand) in the province of Vaspurakan. The region belonged to the princely family of Parspatuni(Patsparuni, Parspuni, Parsparuni).

In antiquity, the main territory of Parspatunik (modern Karadag) was part of the Scythian state-tribal entity. In the western part of Parspatunik, Marand, the center of the ancient region Sangibutu,Ulhu was located . Then the region was part of the kingdom of Urartu. Subsequently, these areas again fell into the power of the Scythians. They later became part of the Median Empire. After the division of the empire of Alexander the Great,еаstern Parspatunik became part of the Media Atropatena. Artashes I annexed еastern Parspatunik to Great Armenia during the military campaign 
. Marand was part of the Armenian kingdom before the conquests of King Artashes I.

The princely clan of Parspatuni descended from the Matianian kings of Sangibutu.
Having become princes, the naxarars of Parspatuni united under their rule the regions of Parspatunik and Marand, choosing the Marand's Bakurarakert(Greco-Roman Philadelphia) as their capital.

Parspatunik was not included into Vaspurakan after the second partition of Great Armenia in 591 by the Roman and Sasanids empires.

Then, later, under the rule of the Arab caliphate, the region is no longer part of Vaspurakan. The population of Parspatunik was significantly Islamized during the Caliphate.

Parspatunik was located between the river Araxes from the north and Parthian empire in the south.

The wooded mountain range of Parspatunik(Matiani mts.) was also known in Antiquity as Αρμενιωο Ορη - the Armenian Mountains, in which there was a passage Αρμενιων πυλών - Armenian Gate (Դրունք Հայոց), what was described in the III-rd century B.C. by a Greek author Eratosthenes(280-202 B.C.) and mentioned again by a XIV-th century Muslim historiographer Hamballah Ghazvini. The road passing through the Armenian Gate in the Middle Ages led to the famous Khudapery Bridge.

By its geographical position, Parspatunik was located on the border of the Armenian and Parthian kingdoms. This circumstance explains the Armenian name of the region, which translates as “Wall of Persia” from the words “Pars”(Persia) and “pat”(wall), due to the fact that the Matiani mountains of Parspatunik served as the ancient border between Armenia and Iran.
In the I-VI centuries, this region was the 26th ghawar(region) and the principality of the Armenian province of Vaspurakan, as mentioned by the 7th-century Armenian geographer and historian Anania Shirakatsi .

The population of Parspatunik consisted mоstly of Iranian(Atropatenian and Caspian) tribes.
The Armenian population, previously Matiene and Alarodian tribes, was concentrated in the towns and wooded mountainous areas near the fortresses, where it still existing to this day in modern Iran.

In the mountainous wooded territory of Parspatunik (Karadag), adjacent to the right bank of the Araxes, there were small Armenian melikdoms until the end of the First World War.

Political map of the Armenian Highlands in the 16th century during the period of the Turkish-Persian Wars,map of the region in the first half of the XVIIIth century

Some of the Armenian melikdoms of Karadag(Parspatunik) were founded by settlers from Karabakh(Artsakh).

The modern historical region of Parspatunik is located on the territory of the Iranian region Arasbaran(Karadag) and was abandoned by the majority of the Armenian population during the repatriation period 1946-1947. A large number of monuments of Armenian architecture have been preserved in the region.
The remaining Armenian population of Parspatunik (Karadag) is concentrated in the mountainous region, on the border of the Iranian provinces of Ardabil and East Azerbaijan.

Cardiff City Stadium

The Cardiff City Stadium () holds Cardiff City Football Club and the Wales national football team. It is located in Cardiff has a seating capacity of 33,280 people.

International economics

International economics is a field of macroeconomics. It looks at the effect of trade of goods and services between different countries. Generally, there's trade between countries, if any of the following is true:

In the end, countries and economies are better off with specialization and trade.

Gilmer, Texas

Gilmer is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Upshur County.


Vanzone con San Carlo

Vanzone con San Carlo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Vanzone con San Carlo is about northeast of Turin and about west of Verbania. As of 2004, 482 people lived there. It has an area of .

Vanzone con San Carlo is next to these municipalities: Antrona Schieranco, Bannio Anzino, Calasca-Castiglione, Ceppo Morelli.


Black Panther (movie)

Black Panther is a 2018 superhero movie set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and starring Chadwick Boseman as T’Challa / Black Panther and Michael B. Jordan as the supervillain Erik Killmonger.

Thousands of years ago an asteroid crashes into an African country called Wakanda containing an alien metal called vibranium which absorbs vibrations and is the world’s strongest metal as a result. The tribes of Wakanda went to war for the vibranium but then decided to unite under the leadership of a king called the Black Panther. Only one tribe goes into exile in the mountains of Wakanda so that they do not have to be ruled by the Black Panther. Because of using vibranium to make weapons the Wakandans managed to stop anyone else from ever conquering their country and as a result they became the world’s most technologically advanced nation but kept that a secret from everyone else by creating a giant force field around the country and having no relationship with the outside world. Then in the late 20th century T’chaka, King of Wakanda finds out that his brother who is an undercover spy in the United States is secretly smuggling vibranium to the US to help oppressed black people to overthrow the white man. T’chaka then kills his brother and leaves his body unburied to return to Wakanda. T’chaka’s brother’s son finds his father’s body dead and swears to get revenge. Then in 2018, T’chaka’s son T’challa comes back to Wakanda to become the new king following T’chaka’s murder in the movie . M’baku comes from the mountains and challenges T’challa to a fight to become Black Panther. T’challa wins and convinces M’Baku to surrender so that he doesn’t have to kill him. T’challa’s cousin turns out to have joined the American army and worked as an assassin for the CIA known as Killmonger. He since left the CIA and hired a supervillain named Klaue to help him rob the British Museum of its Wakandan artifacts and then murder everyone there. T’challa finds out that Klaue is in South Korea and goes there as the Black Panther to try and capture him only to find himself fighting the CIA. Klaue is captured by CIA agent Everett Ross with T’challa’s help and Klaue tells Ross that Wakanda is actually a rich country. Klaue escapes with Killmonger’s help and Ross is hurt. T’challa takes Ross to Wakanda so that his doctors can fix him. Killmonger then gets Klaue to take him to Wakanda only to reveal to Klaue that he is actually a Wakandan prince and kills Klaue. He then delivers Klaue’s body to Wakanda in exchange for an audience with T’challa and demand the throne. Killmonger and T’challa fight to the death and Killmonger wins. Killmonger becomes King of Wakanda and then wants to use the Wakandan military to conquer all white people in the world and punish them for their crimes against black people. T’challa’s family reaches out to M’baku and asks him to fight Killmonger. M’baku reveals that T’challa survived the fight without having surrendered and that he rescued an injured T’challa to repay him for having spared his life. T’challa is healed by M’baku and T’challa confronts Killmonger. Killmonger has no plan to fight T’challa since he believes that now that he is king there is no need for violence. T’challa tries to get the throne back by fighting to the death against Killmonger and wins. T’challa then decides to share Wakanda’s technology with the world. 

The Black Panther movie was generally praised by the critics and was actually nominated for an Oscar. The CIA helped promote the movie on its Twitter account before the Oscars.

Re, Piedmont

Re is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Re is about from Domodossola and from the border with Switzerland. As of 2004, 805 people lived there. It has an area of .

Re is next to these municipalities: Craveggia, Cursolo-Orasso, Malesco, Villette.


Rho, Lombardy

Rho (; ; ) is a city in northern Italy. Rho is in the Lombardy Region. As of 2018, 50,602 people lived there.

China, Texas

China is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cinisello Balsamo

Cinisello Balsamo is a city in northern Italy. Cinisello Balsamo is in the Lombardy Region. As of 2018, 75,581 people lived there.

Bevil Oaks, Texas

Bevil Oaks is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Elsberry, Missouri

Elsberry is a city in Missouri in the United States.

DeKalb County, Indiana

DeKalb County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 43,265 people lived there. The county seat is Auburn.

Switzerland County, Indiana

Switzerland County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 9,737 people lived there. The county seat is Vevay.

Vevay, Indiana

Vevay is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of Switzerland County.

Patriot, Indiana

Patriot is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Brownsboro, Texas

Brownsboro is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Carrion crow

The carrion crow ("Corvus corone") is a type of crow found in east Asia, and in parts of western Europe. Nests are usually in trees and sometimes old buildings, Young birds get wings about a month after birth. This crow is not in any danger, and is of least concern.

Hooded crow

The hooded crow ("Corvus cornix") (also called hoodie) is a type of crow found in north, east and south Europe, it is also found in the Middle East.

This crow's conservation status is least concern, this means that this bird is safe and not in any danger of becoming extinct.

Cecil Hotel (Los Angeles)

The Cecil Hotel is a hotel in Downtown Los Angeles. It was built and opened in 1924. It is in a poorer part of the city, and many deaths and violent acts have happened there. For example, the dead body of a Canadian student, Elisa Lam, was found on the hotel roof in 2013. The hotel changed its name to Stay on Main Hotel in 2011, in order to distance itself from its dark past. Because of this, the hotel is also called "The Suicide." 

At least 11 people killed themselves in the hotel.

In 2019, the hotel had 301 rooms for people who want to live there for a long time and 299 hotel rooms. Some of the hotel rooms are regular private hotel rooms and some are meant to be like a European hostel, where people who didn't know each other would be expected to share the room. The owners rebuild the hotel to make it nicer and newer. On December 13, 2021, the Cecil Hotel was reopened as an affordable housing complex.

The Cecil Hotel was part of the inspiration for the fifth season of the television show "American Horror Story", which took place in a haunted hotel.

Dieter Danzberg

Dieter Danzberg (12 November 1940 – 28 December 2019) was a German professional footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Duisburg, Germany. Danzberg began his career with hometown club MSV, later playing with FC Bayern Munich, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, Freiburger FC and Eintracht Gelsenkirchen.

In 2009, he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from the disease at a nursing home in Dorsten, Germany on 28 December 2019 at the age of 79.

Dorsten

Dorsten (; Westphalian: "Dössen") is a town in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 75,000 people live in Dorsten.

Dorsten is twinned with:


Myocarditis

Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation and infection of the heart muscle. Symptoms can include shortness of breath, chest pain, unable to exercise, and an irregular heartbeat. The duration of problems can vary from hours to months. Problems caused by this may include heart failure due to cardiomyopathy or cardiac arrest.

Fabien Thiémé

Fabien Thiémé (11 July 1952 – 27 December 2019) was a French politician. Thiémé was born in Valenciennes, France. Thiémé was elected to the National Assembly as a member of the French Communist Party from Nord's 21st constituency in 1988. He lost re-election in 1993. Thiémé was mayor of Marly, Nord from 2008 until his death.

Thiémé died on 27 December 2019 in Marly from problems caused by myocarditis, aged 67.

Amy Patterson

Amelia Cabeza de Pelayo Patterson, also known as Amy Patterson (16 July 1912 – 28 December 2019) was an Argentine composer, singer, poet, and teacher. She was known for writing the anthem of the Province of Salta. She was very popular in Argentina, and much of her music received state approval from the Ministry of Education of Argentina. She was born in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.

She turned 100 in July 2012. Patterson died on 28 December 2019 at the age of 107.

Nilcéa Freire

Nilcéa Freire (14 September 1953 – 29 December 2019) was a Brazilian academic and politician. She was dean of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. In 2004 she became a government minister, as the Special Secretariat of Policies for Women. From 2005 to 2007, she was the President of the Inter-American Commission of Women. Freire was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Freire died on 29 December 2019 of cancer in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 66.

Harry Villegas

Harry "Pombo" Villegas (10 May 1940 – 29 December 2019) was a Cuban Communist guerrilla and historian. He fought alongside Che Guevara in battles from the Sierra Maestra to the Bolivian insurgency. Villegas was also a published writer. He was born in Yara, Cuba.

Villegas died on 29 December 2019 in Havana at the age of 79.



Roger Deakins

Roger Alexander Deakins , (born 24 May 1949) is an British cinematographer. He is best known for his work on the movies of the Coen brothers, Sam Mendes, and Denis Villeneuve. Deakins is a member of both the American and British Society of Cinematographers. 

Deakins has received fourteen nominations and one win for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. His most well-known works include "The Shawshank Redemption", "Fargo", "A Beautiful Mind", "Skyfall", "Sicario", and "Blade Runner 2049".

Sam Mendes

Sir Samuel Alexander Mendes (born 1 August 1965) is an English director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his directoral debut movie "American Beauty" (1999), which earned him the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Director, the crime movie "Road to Perdition" (2002) the James Bond movies "Skyfall" (2012) and "Spectre" (2015), and the war movie "1917" (2019).


Denis Villeneuve

Denis Villeneuve (; born October 3, 1967) is a Canadian movie director, writer, and producer. He is best known for his movies "Prisoners" (2013) and "Sicario" (2015), as well as the science fiction movies "Arrival" (2016) and "Blade Runner 2049" (2017). 

Chad Wolf

Chad F. Wolf (born 1976) is an American government official. He was unlawfully appointed the acting Secretary of Homeland Security in 2019. Wolf also serves as Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Strategy, Policy, and Plans since November 2019. He was Chief of Staff of the Transportation Security Administration and Chief of Staff to former Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen.

On August 25, 2020 President Donald Trump announced his plans to nominate Wolf was the permanent Homeland Security Secretary. However, following the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol, Wolf resigned on January 11, 2021.

Courtney B. Vance

Courtney Bernard Vance (born March 12, 1960) is an American actor. He was known for his roles in the movies "Hamburger Hill" and "The Hunt for Red October", the television series "", in which he played Assistant District Attorney Ron Carver and "", in which he played Johnnie Cochran.

He won a Tony Award in 2013 and an Emmy Award in 2016.

American Crime Story

American Crime Story is an American anthology true crime television series developed by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.

The first season, titled "", presents the murder trial of O. J. Simpson, based on Jeffrey Toobin's book "The Run of His Life: The People v. O. J. Simpson".

The second season, subtitled "", is about the murder of designer Gianni Versace by spree killer Andrew Cunanan.

The third season, titled "", is about the impeachment of 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton for charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. The season came out on September 7, 2021.

The series is broadcast on the cable television channel FX in the United States. It premiered on February 2, 2016.

Another season, based on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, was in development, but FX announced in February 2019 that production on the season has been scrapped.

Kenneth Choi

Kenneth Choi (born October 20, 1971) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Henry Lin on the television series "Sons of Anarchy" (2008–2014), Chester Ming in Martin Scorsese's "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), and Judge Lance Ito in "" (2016). He was born in Chicago.

Christian Clemenson

Christian Dayton Clemenson (born March 17, 1958) is an American actor. He is well known for his role of Jerry "Hands" Espenson in the television series "Boston Legal". 

His movie roles include "Hannah and Her Sisters", "Broadcast News", "Apollo 13" and "The Big Lebowski", and played Tom Burnett in Paul Greengrass' "United 93". He starred in "" as prosecutor William Hodgman. He was born in Humboldt, Iowa.

The Big Lebowski

The Big Lebowski () is a 1998 crime comedy movie written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. It stars Jeff Bridges as Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski. John Goodman, Julianne Moore, Steve Buscemi, David Huddleston, and John Turturro also appear, in supporting roles.

"The Big Lebowski" had received mixed reviews at the time of its release. In 2014, the movie was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress. 


Paul Greengrass

Paul Greengrass (born 13 August 1955) is an English movie director, movie producer, screenwriter, and former journalist. His best known work was "Bloody Sunday". Other movies he directed included: "Bourne" action/thriller series: "The Bourne Supremacy" (2004), "The Bourne Ultimatum" (2007), and "Jason Bourne" (2016); "United 93" (2006), for which he won the BAFTA Award for Best Director and received an Academy Award for Best Director nomination.

The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story

The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story is the first season of the FX true crime anthology television series "American Crime Story". The season, which debuted on February 2, 2016, is about the O. J. Simpson murder case and is based on Jeffrey Toobin's book "The Run of His Life: The People v. O. J. Simpson" (1997).

The season received critical acclaim, with praise for most of the performances, directing and writing. 

For the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards, the season received 22 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, in 13 categories, winning nine, more than any other show, including Outstanding Limited Series. It also won the Golden Globe Awards for Best Miniseries or Television Film and Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film for Sarah Paulson.


O. J. Simpson murder case

The O. J. Simpson murder case (officially People of the State of California v. Orenthal James Simpson) was a criminal trial held in Los Angeles County Superior Court. 

Former National Football League (NFL) player, broadcaster, and actor O. J. Simpson was tried on two counts of murder for the June 12, 1994 slashing deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman. 

At 12:10 a.m. on June 13, Brown and Goldman were found stabbed to death outside her condominium in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles. Simpson was a person of interest in the murders. He did not turn himself in, and on June 17 he became the object of a low-speed pursuit in a white 1993 Ford Bronco SUV owned and driven by his friend Al Cowlings. The pursuit was watched live by an estimated 95 million people. The pursuit, arrest, and trial were among the most widely publicized events in American history. 

The trial—often called the trial of the century because of its international publicity—spanned eleven months, from the jury's swearing-in on November 9, 1994. Opening statements were made on January 24, 1995, and the verdict was announced on October 3, 1995, when Simpson was acquitted on two counts of murder. 

Following his acquittal, no additional arrests related to the murders have been made, and the crime remains unsolved to this day. 

Gil Garcetti

Gilbert Salvador Iberri Garcetti (born August 5, 1941) is an American politician and photographer. He was Los Angeles County's 40th district attorney for two terms, from 1992 until November 7, 2000. He is the father of current Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti.

Lance Ito

Lance Allan Ito (born August 2, 1950) is a retired American judge. He is best known for presiding over the criminal trial for the O. J. Simpson murder case, held in the Los Angeles County Superior Court in 1995. He was born in Los Angeles.

Nicole Brown Simpson

Nicole Brown Simpson (May 19, 1959 – June 12, 1994) was a German-American model. She was the ex-wife of retired professional football player and actor O. J. Simpson. They were married from 1985 to 1992. She was the mother of their two children, Sydney and Justin. 

She was murdered at her home in Los Angeles, California, on June 12, 1994, along with her friend, restaurant waiter Ron Goldman, two years after her divorce from Simpson. This led to the controversial criminal trial of Simpson.

The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story

The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story is the second season of the FX true crime anthology television series "American Crime Story". The season premiered on January 17, 2018, and ended on March 21, 2018.

In 9 episodes, the series is about the murder of designer Gianni Versace by spree killer Andrew Cunanan, based on Maureen Orth's book "Vulgar Favors: Andrew Cunanan, Gianni Versace, and the Largest Failed Manhunt in U.S. History". The series stars Édgar Ramírez, Darren Criss, Ricky Martin, and Penélope Cruz.

The season received positive reviews from critics, with praise for most of the performances.

At the 70th Primetime Emmy Awards, it received the most nominations with nine, and won three awards, including Outstanding Limited Series and Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for Criss.


Mark Fuhrman

Mark Fuhrman (born February 5, 1952) is a former detective of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD). He is known for his part in the investigation of the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman in the O. J. Simpson murder case. Fuhrman was known to have used a racist slurs toward African Americans during the early 1980s. These tapes were used during the Simpson trial. 

Eatonville, Washington

Eatonville is a town in Pierce County, Washington, United States. It is south of Seattle. The population was 2,758 at the 2010 census.

Ron Goldman

Ronald Lyle Goldman (July 2, 1968 – June 12, 1994) was an American restaurant waiter. He was a friend of Nicole Brown Simpson, the ex-wife of O. J. Simpson. He was murdered along with Brown at her home in Los Angeles, California, on June 12, 1994. Simpson was acquitted of their murders in 1995, but found liable for both deaths in a 1997 lawsuit.

Buffalo Grove, Illinois

Buffalo Grove is a village in Lake and Cook counties in the U.S. state of Illinois, within the northwest suburbs of Chicago. As of the 2020 census, the village population was 43,212.

Christopher Darden

Christopher Allen Darden (born April 7, 1956) is an American lawyer, author, and educator. He worked for 15 years in the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office. He was a co-prosecutor in the O. J. Simpson murder trial, a role in which he gained a great deal of national attention.

2019 Argentine general election

General elections were held in Argentina on 27 October 2019, to elect the president of Argentina, members of the national congress and the governors of most provinces. 

Former Cabinet Chief Alberto Fernández of the Justicialist Party won the presidency, and incumbent president Mauricio Macri lost his re-election bid for a second term. Macri became the first incumbent president in Argentine history to be defeated in his reelection bid.

Sebastián Ferrat

Roberto González López (17 September 1978 – 29 December 2019) artistically known as Sebastián Ferrat, was a Mexican actor. He was born in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico. He was best known for his roles in many telenovelas for Televisión Azteca and Telemundo. Ferrat became known mostly for his character Juan Antonio Marcado in the third and fourth season of the Telemundo crime drama series "El Señor de los Cielos" (2015–2016).

In October 2019, Ferrat became comatose due to a serious food poisoning after eating spoiled pork. He died on 29 December 2019 due to the disease at a Mexico City hospital, aged 41.

Deaths in January 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 2020. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.



































Algonquin, Illinois

Algonquin is a village in McHenry and Kane counties, Illinois, in the United States. It is a suburb of Chicago, about northwest of the Loop. As of the 2020 census the village's population was 29,700.

Dormans

Dormans is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

Lac de Moiry

Lac de Moiry is a lake in the municipality of Anniviers (former Grimentz), Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 1.40 km² and an elevation of 2,249 m. The maximum depth is 120 m.

The dam is 148 m high and was completed in 1958.


Ujjain district

Ujjain district is a district in the state of Madhya Pradesh in central India. The historic city of Ujjain is the district headquarters. According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 1,986,864 people.


Jacob Needleman

Jacob Needleman (born October 6, 1934) is an American philosopher, author, and religious scholar. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is a professor of philosophy at San Francisco State University and is said to have "popularized the term 'new religious movements'." 


Neil Innes

Neil James Innes (; 9 December 1944 – 29 December 2019) was an English actor, comedian, musician and writer.

Innes was born in Danbury, Essex. He was known for his constant work with Monty Python. He played in The Rutles and the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. His first album was "How Sweet to Be an Idiot". He wrote the original songs for "Monty Python and the Holy Grail".

Innes died suddenly on 29 December 2019 from a heart attack in Toulouse, France at the age of 75.


Carol Cleveland

Carol Cleveland (born 13 January 1942) is an English-American actress, comedian and singer. She is known for her work with Monty Python. 

Cleveland was born in London. She retired in 2014. She first appeared in "Monty Python's Flying Circus." She appeared in 30 of the 45 episodes in the series, plus all four "Monty Python" movies.


Rick Savage

Richard Savage (born 2 December 1960) is an English musician. He is best known for being the bass guitarist and one of the founding members of the English rock band Def Leppard. Savage and lead singer Joe Elliott are the only two remaining original members of the band.

Joe Elliott

Joseph Thomas Elliott, Jr. (born 1 August 1959) is an English singer-songwriter and musician. He is best known as the lead singer and one of the founding members of the English rock band Def Leppard. He has also been the lead singer of the David Bowie tribute band the Cybernauts and the Mott the Hoople cover band Down 'n' Outz. 

He is one of the two original members of Def Leppard currently playing on the band.

Rick Allen

Richard John Cyril Allen (born 1 November 1963) is an English drummer. He has played for the hard rock band Def Leppard since 1978. 

His left arm was amputated because of a car crash in 1984. He is known as "The Thunder God" by fans.

Pete Willis

Peter Andrew Willis (born 16 February 1960) is a retired English musician and songwriter. He is best known as a founding member of the band Def Leppard. He co-wrote many tracks and played guitar on the band's first three albums: "On Through the Night", "High 'n' Dry", and "Pyromania". He was fired from Def Leppard in 1982 and replaced by Phil Collen. 

In 2019, Willis was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Def Leppard.

Phil Collen

Philip Kenneth Collen (born 8 December 1957) is an English guitarist and singer-songwriter. He is the lead guitarist for the rock band Def Leppard, joining the band in 1982 during the recording of the "Pyromania" album, replacing Pete Willis. He was born in London.

Vivian Campbell

Vivian Patrick Campbell (born 25 August 1962) is a Northern Irish heavy metal-blues rock guitarist and songwriter. He became known in the early 1980s as a member of Dio, and has been a member of Def Leppard since 1992 (replacing Steve Clark after his death). Campbell has also worked with Thin Lizzy, Whitesnake, Sweet Savage, Trinity, Riverdogs, and Shadow King. 

Campbell was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In June 2013, Campbell revealed that he was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma.


Danbury, Essex

Danbury is a village in the City of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex, England. It is located northeast of Charing Cross, London. It has a population of 6,500.

The city of Danbury, Connecticut in the United States is named after the village.

Cysticercosis

Cysticercosis is a tissue infection caused by the young form of the pork tapeworm. People may have few or no symptoms for years.

In some cases, particularly in Asia, solid lumps of between one and two centimetres may develop under the skin. After months or years these lumps can become painful and swollen and then be cured.

Judy Farrell

Judy Farrell (May 11, 1938 – April 2, 2023) was an American actress. She was known for her role as Nurse Able on the television comedy series "M*A*S*H". She had small roles in other television series, then later wrote 13 episodes for the soap opera "Port Charles".

Farrell died from problems caused by a stroke on April 2, 2023, aged 84.

Jeff Van Drew

Jefferson H. Van Drew (born February 23, 1953) is an American dentist and Republican politician. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for New Jersey's 2nd congressional district since 2019. 

He was the New Jersey State Senator from the 1st Legislative District from 2008 to 2018. He represented the same district in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2002 to 2008.

Van Drew was elected to congress as a Democrat. On December 19, 2019, Van Drew announced that he had joined the Republican Party.


Backbencher

In Westminster parliamentary systems, a backbencher is a member of parliament (MP) or a legislator who holds no governmental office and is not a frontbench spokesman in the Opposition. A backbencher is simply a member of parliament with no cabinet duties.

Rotelsee

Rotelsee is a lake near Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.

Prosper Grech

Prospero Grech (24 December 1925 – 30 December 2019) was a Maltese Augustinian friar. He co-founded the Patristic Institute Augustinianum in Rome and was made a cardinal on 18 February 2012 by Benedict XVI. He was born in Birgu, Malta.

Grech died on 30 December 2019 at the age of 94.

Renato Martino

Renato Raffaele Martino (born 23 November 1932) is an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He has been a cardinal since 2003. He has been the longest serving Cardinal Deacon, the Cardinal Protodeacon, since June 2014.

Francesco Monterisi

Francesco Marco Nicola Monterisi (born 28 May 1934) is an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church. He worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See from 1964 to 1998. He retired in 2014.


Santos Abril y Castelló

Santos Abril y Castelló (born 21 September 1936) is a Spanish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. From 2011 to 2016, he was Archpriest of the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore. He was born in Alfambra, Spain. On 29 April 1985, Pope John Paul II named him Apostolic Nuncio to Bolivia and Titular Archbishop of Tamada. On 21 November 2011 he was named Archpriest of the Basilica of St. Mary Major.

On 28 December 2016, Pope Francis accepted his resignation as Archpriest.

Inkwilersee

Inkwilersee is a small lake on the border of the municipalities of Inkwil, Canton of Berne, and Bolken, Canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. The surface area is .


Luigi De Magistris (cardinal)

Luigi De Magistris (23 February 1926 – 16 February 2022) was a Sardinian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Pro-Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary from 2001 to 2003 after working for more than forty years in the Roman Curia. He was made a bishop in 1996, an archbishop in 2001, and a cardinal in 2015. He was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, Italy.

De Magistris died on 16 February 2022 in Cagliari, one week before his 96th birthday.

Groveton, Texas

Groveton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Trinity County.

Karl-Josef Rauber

Karl-Josef Rauber (11 April 1934 – 26 March 2023) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was a papal nuncio from 1982 until his retirement in 2009. He was born in Nuremberg, Nazi Germany.

Ernest Simoni

Ernest Simoni Troshani (born 18 October 1928) is an Albanian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was created a cardinal in a consistory held on 19 November 2016 by Pope Francis. He was born in Troshani, Albania.


Marcial Maciel

Marcial Maciel Degollado (March 10, 1920 – January 30, 2008) was a Mexican Catholic priest. He founded the Legion of Christ and the Regnum Christi movement. He was general director of the legion from 1941 to 2005. 

Throughout most of his career, he was respected within the church as "the greatest fundraiser of the modern Roman Catholic church". 

Late in his life, Maciel was revealed to have been for a long time a drug addict who sexually abused many boys and young men. After his death, it became known that he had sexual relationships with at least two women, one of whom was a minor at the time. He fathered as many as six children, two of whom he is alleged to have abused.

In 2006 Pope Benedict XVI removed Maciel from active ministry, before his election as Pope in April 2005. Maciel was ordered "to conduct a reserved life of prayer and penance, renouncing every public ministry", and died in 2008. 

Inn (river)

The Inn (; ) is a river that flows through Switzerland, Austria and Germany. It is a right tributary of the Danube and is long.

Sumter County, Georgia

Sumter County is a county in the center of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,616. The county seat is Americus. The county was created on December 26, 1831.

Ripley County, Indiana

Ripley County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 28,995 people lived there. The county seat is Versailles.

Ada Colau

Ada Colau Ballano (; ; born 3 March 1974) is a Spanish activist and politician. She was the Mayor of Barcelona from 2015 to 2023. She is the first woman to hold the office.

José María Álvarez del Manzano

José María Álvarez del Manzano y López del Hierro (born 17 October 1937) is a Spanish politician. He is a member of the People's Party. He became the Mayor of Madrid in 1991, a position that he held until 2003. He chaired the board of IFEMA (Institute for Exhibitions and Fairs Madrid) for 24 years, until 2015. 

Manuela Carmena

Manuela Carmena Castrillo (; born in 1944) is a retired Spanish lawyer and judge. She was Mayor of Madrid from June 2015 to June 2019. She was a member of the General Council of the Judiciary.

José Luis Martínez-Almeida

José Luis Martínez-Almeida Navasqüés (born 17 April 1975) is a Spanish state lawyer and politician. He is a member of the People's Party (PP). He has been the Mayor of Madrid since 2019. He has been a member of the Madrid City Council since 2015.

Multiple integral

In calculus and mathematical analysis, an integral is a way to calculate the limiting value a function with one variable will tend towards. Graphically, this can then be shown as the area under the graph of the function. In multivariate calculus, It is also possible to calculate integrals for functions with more than one variable. These integrals are commonly referred to as multiple integrals. 

An integral for a function with two variables over a two-dimensional region, called double integral, can be shown as a surface in three dimensional space. Similarly, an integral for a function with three variables over a three-dimensional region, called triple integral, can be thought of as a hypervolume. 

A double integral can also be used to define an integral over an arbitrary surface (surface integral), just like a triple integral can be used to define an integral over an arbitrary volume (volume integral). 


Bristol County, Massachusetts

Bristol County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 579,200. The county seat is Taunton.

Narcís Serra

Narcís Serra i Serra (born 30 May 1943) is a Spanish economist and politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Spain from 1991 to 1995. From 1979 through 1982, he was Mayor of Barcelona.

Franklin County, Massachusetts

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 71,029, which makes it the least-populous county on the Massachusetts mainland, and the third-least populous county in the state. The county seat and most populous city is Greenfield. The largest town by area is New Salem.

Franklin County was created on June 24, 1811 from the northern third of Hampshire County. It was named for Benjamin Franklin.

Bristol County

Bristol County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Norfolk County, Massachusetts

Norfolk County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 725,981. The county seat is Dedham. The county was named after the English county of the same name. Two towns, Cohasset and Brookline, are exclaves. It is the richest county in Massachusetts.

Norfolk County was created on March 26, 1793.


Dukes County, Massachusetts

Dukes County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,600. The county seat is Edgartown.

Hampden County, Massachusetts

Hampden County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 465,825. The county seat is Springfield.

Hampshire County, Massachusetts

Hampshire County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 162,308. The county seat is Northampton. It is named after the English county Hampshire.

Plymouth County, Massachusetts

Plymouth County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 530,819. The county seats are Plymouth and Brockton.

Alton, Texas

Alton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.


Donna, Texas

Donna is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Elsa, Texas

Elsa is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pulaski County, Indiana

Pulaski County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 12,514 people lived there. The county seat is Winamac.

Progreso, Texas

Progreso is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Progreso Lakes, Texas

Progreso Lakes is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Llano Grande, Texas

Llano Grande (Spanish "Great Plain") is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hidalgo County, Texas.

San Carlos, Texas

San Carlos is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Havana, Texas

Havana is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Palmview, Texas

Palmview is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Greenfield, Massachusetts

Greenfield is a city in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 17,768 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Franklin County.

Greenfield was first settled in 1686.

The Irregular at Magic High School

An anime series based on this manga was produced by Madhouse. It was aired between April and September 2014. An based on an original story by Satō was released in Japan on June 17, 2017. The second season of the anime series by Eight Bit it is was aired between October and December 2020.

The light novels appeared on Sugoi Japan's 2015 polls. Since 2011, it is one of the top-selling series in Japan with 10 million copies sold as of 2019. Its manga and anime adaptations also appeared on top-selling charts.

Target Canada

Target Canada is a former Canadian department store chain that took over most Zellers stores, it then ran out of money in April 2015 and closed all of all its stores. There was a total of 133 Target stores in Canada in 2015. It was formerly headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario.



Lavinia (novel)

Lavinia is a novel by American author Ursula K. Le Guin. It won the Locus Award. 2008 . The book tells about the life of Lavinia. She was a minor character in Virgil's epic poem the "Aeneid".
The book is based on the last six books, or the Iliadic half, of the "Aeneid".




Citizen science

Citizen science is when regular people help scientists study the world. Citizen scientists usually collect information and send it to a team of scientists, who examine and process it. Most citizen scientists are volunteers and do not get paid.

Sometimes scientists ask for help from people who are collecting information anyway. For example, scientists studying birds might ask birdwatchers to record which birds they see and hear and then tell the scientists. The National Audubon Society has been running a Christmas Bird Count since 1900.

Smartphones and GPS have made citizen science easier to do and easier for scientists to ask for and use. For example, in FrogWatch USA, citizen scientists go to places where frogs live and use their phones to make recordings of the sounds they hear.

Not all citizen science programs mean going outside. In EyeWire, volunteers visit a website and click on what they can see. This helps scientists tell how the brain works with things the eyes see.

In other citizen science programs, volunteers measure temperature to track climate change, tell scientists when different plants start to grow in the spring, search for aliens in space, and design better bicycle routes.


Haroun

The Haroun was the government of the Daraawiish, a 19th century Dhulbahante state. The British government realized how important the haroun was. They said this about it:

List of political parties in Hungary

This is a list of political parties in Hungary. Hungary has a multi-party system.

Wolfgang Winkler (actor)

Wolfgang Winkler (2 March 1943 – 7 December 2019) was a German actor. He was best known for starring in movies such as "The Rabbit Is Me", "Das Mädchen auf dem Brett" and "I Was Nineteen", as well as playing Hauptkommissar Herbert Schneider in the television series Polizeiruf 110.

Winkler died of cancer on 7 December 2019 at the age of 76.

Fred Emmer

Freddy Emmer better known as Fred Emmer (23 August 1934 – 24 December 2019) was a Dutch news presenter. He was born in Amsterdam. He was known for his works for NTS and NOS.

Emmer died on 24 December 2019 in Amsterdam at the age of 85.

LaDell Andersen

LaDell Andersen (October 25, 1929 – December 29, 2019) was an American college and professional basketball coach. He was born in Malad City, Idaho. He coached for Utah State Aggies, Utah Stars and for BYU Cougars. He played for Utah State University. 

Andersen died on December 29, 2019 in St. George, Utah at the age of 90.


Washington County, Utah

Washington County is a county in the southwestern corner of Utah, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 180,279. Its county seat and largest city is St. George. It was named after the first President of the United States, George Washington.

Günter Lamprecht

Günter Lamprecht (born 21 January 1930 died 4 October 2022) is a German actor. He is known for his leading role in the Fassbinder miniseries "Berlin Alexanderplatz" (1980) and as a ship captain in the epic war movie "Das Boot" (1981).

Jan Fedder

Jan Fedder (14 January 1955 – 30 December 2019) was a German actor. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He was best known for his role as police officer Dirk Matthies in the German television show "Großstadtrevier". He was also known for his role as the crude Petty Officer Pilgrim in Wolfgang Petersen's "Das Boot".

Fedder was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2012. He died on 30 December 2019 in Hamburg of the disease, aged 64.

Syd Mead

Sydney Jay Mead (July 18, 1933 – December 30, 2019) was an American industrial designer and neofuturistic concept artist. He was known for his designs for science-fiction movies such as "Blade Runner", "Alien" and "Tron". Mead was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Mead died of lymphoma in Pasadena, California on December 30, 2019 at the age of 86.


Nils Petter Sundgren

Nils Henrik Christian Sundgren, known as Nils Petter Sundgren, (24 February 1929 – 30 December 2019) was a Swedish movie critic and television presenter. He worked for "Filmkrönikan" broadcast on SVT. Sundgren was born in Bromma, Sweden.

Sundgren died on 30 December 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 90.

A V Swamy

Alajangi Viswanath Swamy (18 July 1928 – 31 December 2019) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Rajya Sabha the Upper house of Indian Parliament from Odisha as an Independent candidate. From 2012 through 2018 he was in the parliament. Swamy was born in Nabarangpur, Odisha.

Swamy died at his home of cardiac arrest on 31 December 2019 in Bhubaneswar, Odisha at the age of 91.


Christopher Tolkien

Christopher John Reuel Tolkien (21 November 1924 – 16 January 2020) was an English editor, essayist and educator. He was the third son of the author J. R. R. Tolkien (1892–1973). He was the editor of much of his father's posthumously published work. He drew the original maps for his father's "The Lord of the Rings", which he signed C.J.R.T. He was born in Leeds, England.

He published "The Saga of King Heidrek the Wise". Tolkien was a lecturer and tutor in English Language at New College, Oxford, from 1964 to 1975.

Tolkien died on 15 January 2020 in Draguignan, Var, France, at the age of 95.

George Alagiah

George Maxwell Alagiah (; 22 November 1955 – 24 July 2023 was a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. He was born in Colombo, Ceylon.

Since December 2007, he had been the presenter of the "BBC News at Six" and had also been the main presenter of "GMT" on BBC World News since February 2010. He was also the main presenter for the "BBC Ten O'Clock News" since the year 2000.

In April 2014, he was diagnosed with colorectal cancer. In March 2018, he said his cancer was terminal. He died on 24 July 2023 from the disease in London, England, aged 67.


The Two Popes

The Two Popes is a British-Italian-American 2019 biographical drama movie directed by Fernando Meirelles and written by Anthony McCarten. It was adapted from McCarten's 2017 play "The Pope". It stars Anthony Hopkins as Pope Benedict XVI and Jonathan Pryce as Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio (later Pope Francis).

The movie had a limited theatrical release in the United States on November 27, 2019 and in the United Kingdom on November 29, 2019, and started digital streaming on December 20, 2019, by Netflix.

1917 (2019 movie)

1917 is an American-British 2019 epic war movie. 
It was directed and produced by Sam Mendes, who wrote the screenplay with Krysty Wilson-Cairns. The movie stars George MacKay and Dean-Charles Chapman, with Mark Strong, Andrew Scott, Richard Madden, Claire Duburcq, Colin Firth, and Benedict Cumberbatch in supporting roles. The movie is inspired by a story told to Mendes by his paternal grandfather, Alfred Mendes, about his time serving in World War I. 
Taking place soon after the German retreat to the Hindenburg Line and Operation Alberich, the movie is about two young British soldiers who were given a mission to deliver a message calling off a doomed offensive attack. This message is especially important to one of the soldiers because his brother will be part of the attack.
The project was officially announced in June 2018. MacKay and Chapman signed on in October and the rest of the cast the following March. Filming took place from April to June 2019 in the UK, with cinematographer Roger Deakins and editor Lee Smith using long takes to have the entire movie appear as two continuous shots.

"1917" premiered in the UK on 4 December 2019 and was released theatrically in the United States on 25 December by Universal Pictures and in the United Kingdom on 10 January 2020 by Entertainment One. The movie received widespread critical praise and was a box office success, grossing $384 million worldwide.
The movie had ten nominations at the 92nd Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director, and three wins, for Best Cinematography, Best Visual Effects, and Best Sound Mixing. It was the last movie to win the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing before the category was combined with Best Sound Editing as a single award for Best Sound. The movie also won Best Picture at the 77th Golden Globe Awards, 73rd BAFTA Film Awards, and PGA Awards, while Mendes won Best Director at the Golden Globes, BAFTAs, and DGA Awards. The movie was also chosen by both the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute as one of the top ten movies of 2019.

Harry Kupfer

Harry Kupfer (12 August 1935 — 30 December 2019) was a German opera director and academic. He was born in Berlin.

Kupfer was a long-time director at the Komische Oper Berlin. He worked at major opera houses and at festivals internationally. He was trained by Walter Felsenstein. He has worked in the tradition of realistic directing.

At the Bayreuth Festival, he staged Wagner's "Der fliegende Holländer" in 1978, and "Der Ring des Nibelungen" in 1988. At the Salzburg Festival, he directed the premiere of Penderecki's "Die schwarze Maske" in 1986, and "Der Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss in 2014.

He also worked for Hochschule für Musik Franz Liszt, Weimar and Hochschule für Musik "Hanns Eisler".

Kupfer died on 30 December 2019 in Berlin at the age of 84.


Krzysztof Penderecki

Krzysztof Eugeniusz Penderecki (; 23 November 1933 – 29 March 2020) was a Polish composer and conductor. "The Guardian" called him Poland's greatest living composer in 2012. He was born in Dębica, Poland. His best known works are "Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima", Symphony No. 3, his "St. Luke Passion", "Polish Requiem", "Anaklasis" and "Utrenja". 

Penderecki has won many awards, including the Commander's Cross in 1964, the Prix Italia in 1967 and 1968, the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta in 1964, four Grammy Awards in 1987, 1998 (twice), and 2017, Wolf Prize in Arts in 1987.

Penderecki died on 29 March 2020 of a long-illness in Krakow, Poland at the age of 86.


Decatur, Mississippi

Decatur is a town in Newton County, Mississippi. The population was 1,945 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Newton County.

Giovanni Innocenzo Martinelli

Giovanni Innocenzo Martinelli OFM (5 February 1942 – 30 December 2019) was a Libyan-Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was an Vicar Apostolic of Tripoli and the Titular Bishop of Tabuda. Martinelli was born in Tripoli, Libya.

He was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest in 1967 and returned to Libya in 1971. In 1985 he was appointed the Vicar Apostolic of Tripoli and the Titular Bishop of Tabuda. He retired on February 5, 2017 and was replaced by George Bugeja.

Martinelli died on 30 December 2019 at the age of 77.


Gertrude Himmelfarb

Gertrude Himmelfarb (August 8, 1922 – December 30, 2019), also known as Bea Kristol, was an American historian. She was a leader and critic of conservative works of history and historiography. She wrote on intellectual history, with a focus on Great Britain and the Victorian era. She was born in New York City. In 2004, she was honored with the National Humanities Medal by President George W. Bush.

Himmelfarb was married to neoconservative icon Irving Kristol. They had two children; including Chief of Staff to Vice President Bill Kristol. 

Himmelfarb died on December 30, 2019 in Washington, D.C. of congestive heart failure at the age of 97.

2019–20 Australian bushfire season

The 2019–20 Australian bushfire season impacted many parts of New South Wales: namely the North Coast, Mid North Coast, Cessnock, the Hunter Region, the Hawkesbury north west of Sydney, the Wollondilly south west of Sydney, the Blue Mountains and the South Coast. 

Central Queensland and South Eastern Queensland were barely affected in November. On 20 December, serious fires took hold in South Australia, especially in the Cudlee Creek area of the Adelaide hills. By 21 December 2019, the fires had burnt over 3,000,000 hectares, destroyed over 700 houses and killed at least 33 people. 

Donald O. Hebb

Donald Olding Hebb FRS (July 22, 1904 – August 20, 1985) was a Canadian psychologist. His works were about the area of neuropsychology. His works were about how to understand the function of neurons to psychological processes such as learning. His best known work was "The Organization of Behavior". He was ranked as the 19th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

Gemma Chan

Gemma Chan (born 29 November 1982) is an English actress. She is known for her role as Astrid in the 2018 movie "Crazy Rich Asians" and as Anita/Mia on the television drama "Humans".

Constance Wu

Constance Wu (born March 22, 1982) is an American actress. She stars as Jessica Huang in the ABC television comedy "Fresh Off the Boat" (2015–present).

She is also known for her movie roles in "Crazy Rich Asians" (2018), for which she was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical, and "Hustlers" (2019).

Hustler (disambiguation)

Hustler is a pornographic magazine targeted at men and a general brand of Larry Flynt Publications.

Hustler or hustlers may also refer to:







Romell Broom

In 2003, Broom accepted an offer from the state of Ohio for a DNA test to try to prove his innocence. However, the test results proved that he was guilty. Broom also has convictions for robbery, aggravated robbery and four counts of kidnap of a male child. He was also convicted in a separate incidence of raping a female child.

On May 19, 2017, the Ohio Supreme Court scheduled an execution date for Broom, on June 17, 2020. His execution was pushed to 2022.

Broom died on December 28, 2020, at age 64 from COVID-19 in Ohio, aged 64.


Jack Garfein

Jack Garfein (July 2, 1930 – December 30, 2019) was an American director and acting teacher. He was known for his teaching works at the Actors Studio in New York City. He was also known for directing the 1961 sexual-drama "Something Wild".

Garfein produced two plays by Arthur Miller, "The Price" and "The American Clock", and went on to direct other Broadway productions such as "The Sin of Pat Muldoon", and "Girls of Summer".

He directed the French premiere of "Master Harold"...and the Boys in Paris, and the world premiere of "Nacht und Träume" by Samuel Beckett in Austria.

Garfien was born in Mukacevo, Carpathian Ruthenia, Czechoslovakia . He was married to actress Carroll Baker from 1955 until they divorced in 1969. They had two daughters. Garfien died on December 30, 2019 in Manhattan from leukemia-related problems at the age of 89.


Actors Studio

The Actors Studio is a membership organization for professional actors, theatre directors and playwrights at 432 West 44th Street between Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City. 

It was founded on October 5, 1947, by Elia Kazan, Cheryl Crawford and Robert Lewis who trained member actors. Lee Strasberg joined later and took the charge in 1951 until his death on February 17, 1982.

The Studio is best known for its work of teaching method acting.

, the studio's co-presidents are Ellen Burstyn, Alec Baldwin and Al Pacino.

Elia Kazan

Elia Kazan (; born Elias Kazantzoglou (); September 7, 1909 – September 28, 2003) was a Turkish-born Greek-American director, producer, writer and actor. 

He was called by "The New York Times" as "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history". He helped co-found the Actors Studio in Manhattan.

Kazan directed "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951), "On the Waterfront" (1954), and "East of Eden" (1955). He won two Academy Awards, three Tony Awards and four Golden Globe Awards.

Zoe Kazan

Zoe Swicord Kazan (born September 9, 1983) is an American actress, playwright, and screenwriter. She is known for her roles in "The Savages" (2007), "Revolutionary Road" (2008) and "It's Complicated" (2009). 

In 2014, she appeared in the HBO miniseries "Olive Kitteridge", for which she received an Emmy nomination. 

Maya Kazan

Maya Kazan (born November 24, 1986) is an American actress and director. She is known for playing Caroline in "Frances Ha", Eleanor Gallinger on "The Knick" and Mabel Thompson on "Boardwalk Empire". 

She is the daughter of screenwriters Nicholas Kazan and Robin Swicord, and the granddaughter of movie director Elia Kazan and playwright Molly Kazan. She is the younger sister of actress Zoe Kazan.


Robert Lewis (director)

Robert Lewis (March 16, 1909 – November 23, 1997) was an American actor, director, teacher and author. He was the founder of the influential Actors Studio in New York in 1947.




Marion Chesney

Marion Gibbons (née Chesney; 10 June 1936 – 30 December 2019) was a Scottish writer. She wrote romance and mystery novels from 1979 until her death. She her books under a form of her maiden name, Marion Chesney, including the Travelling Matchmaker and Daughters of Mannerling series. Her best known works were "Death of a Gossip", "Death of an Outsider" and "Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance".

Chesney was born in Glasgow. She died on 30 December 2019 at the age of 83.

Steven Pasquale

Steven Pasquale (pronounced ; born November 18, 1976) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his role as the New York City Firefighter/First Responder Sean Garrity in the series "Rescue Me". He also starred in the movie "" and as Detective Mark Fuhrman in the miniseries "".

Laura Benanti

Laura Ilene Benanti (born Laura Ilene Vidnovic; July 13, 1979) is an American actress and singer. She has received five Tony Award nominations.

She played Louise in the 2008 Broadway revival of "Gypsy", winning the 2008 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. Benanti then appeared in the stage musical "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" in 2010, winning the Drama Desk Award and Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.

She played Baroness Elsa Schräder in the 2013 NBC television production of "The Sound of Music Live!" and in 2015 began playing twin sisters Alura and Astra in the TV series "Supergirl".

Since 2016, she has been playing First Lady Melania Trump on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert".

Kinnelon, New Jersey

Kinnelon is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 9,966. It is a low-density, suburban community, with many parks and trails.

Phillipa Soo

Phillipa Soo (; born May 31, 1990) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for the role of Eliza Schuyler Hamilton in the Broadway musical "Hamilton". She was nominated for the 2016 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for that role.

Hamilton (musical)

Hamilton is a musical with music, lyrics, and book by Lin-Manuel Miranda. It is inspired by the 2004 biography "Alexander Hamilton" by historian Ron Chernow.

The musical is about the story of American Founding Father Alexander Hamilton through music that are mainly made up of hip hop, as well as R&B, pop, soul, and traditional-style show tunes. 

The show is known for having black actors as the Founding Fathers and other historical figures, which is far from reality. Through this use of modern storytelling methods, "Hamilton" has been called for being the "America then, as told by morons now."

A movie, which is a live recording of the musical with the original cast, was released on Disney+ on July 3, 2020.

A nineteen-year-old orphan named Alexander Hamilton moves from the Caribbean to New York where he meets Aaron Burr who tells him to “talk less, smile more, don’t let anyone know what you're against or what you're for” then they go to a bar where they meet Hercules Mulligan, Marquis de Lafayette and John Laurens and join the American Revolution. 

Burr asks General George Washington to make him his secretary but instead, Washington hires Hamilton. Hamilton marries a woman named Eliza Schuyler while Burr falls in love with the wife of a British soldier. Charles Lee insults Washington so Laurens decides to duel Lee with Hamilton’s help and Washington punishes Hamilton by sending him home where Hamilton finds out his wife is pregnant. 

Lafayette convinces Washington to bring back Hamilton to help with the Battle of Yorktown. Hamilton’s wife gives birth to a son Philip Hamilton while Burr has a daughter Theodosia. Hamilton and Burr become lawyers. 

Hamilton, James Madison and John Jay wrote the Federalist Papers to convince people to get a new Constitution, and President Washington hired Hamilton to be in charge of spending money for the Government. 

Thomas Jefferson comes back from France and is angry with Hamilton for spending too much money. Hamilton then has sex with a married woman whose husband then blackmails him for money. Hamilton strikes a deal with Jefferson and James Madison that they get to choose the capital of the country if Hamilton can start his own bank.

Burr wishes he could be in the room where the deals are made so that he could know what happens inside it, so he joins the Democratic-Republican Party and becomes a politician. Jefferson tries to convince Washington to support France against England in their war but Hamilton convinces Washington not to do that so Jefferson quits his job working for Washington and decides to run for President of the United States while Washington decides to retire. 

After John Adams becomes president he and Hamilton don’t get along well so Hamilton quits and complains about Adams. Jefferson, Madison, and Burr think that Hamilton stole money from the government so Hamilton tells them the truth, that he spent his own money paying a man named Reyolds not to tell anyone that he had sex with Reynolds’s wife but Hamilton is scared that Burr will use this to blackmail him so Hamilton writes a letter in a newspaper telling everyone everything and his wife is angry with him about it. 

When a man gives a speech criticizing Hamilton, Hamilton’s son Philip is angry about it, so they have a duel. Philip fires his gun at the sky but the man shoots and kills him. Hamilton becomes upset about it, Eliza being angry at him, and questioning if he knew about the duel.

Then Burr runs for president and there’s a tie between him and Jefferson so each one asks Hamilton who he thinks would be a better president of the United States. Hamilton says he hates Jefferson and disagrees with him on everything but that he’s still better than Burr since Jefferson believes what he says he believes but Burr doesn’t believe in anything. 

Jefferson becomes president and doesn’t want Burr to be his vice president so Burr asks Hamilton for a duel. Instead of killing Burr, Hamilton fires his gun at the sky and Burr shoots Hamilton and kills him. Burr regrets his actions and his loved ones sing a song about how upsetting Hamilton dying is.

Poorna Jagannathan

Poorna Jagannathan (born December 22, 1972) is a Tunis-born Indian-American actress. She is best known for her role of Safar Khan in HBO's Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated show, "The Night Of", as well as playing the lead in the Bollywood cult comedy movie "Delhi Belly".


Thurnen (disambiguation)

Thurnen may refer to:

Delaware County, Indiana

Delaware County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 111,903 people lived there. The county seat is Muncie.

Alamo, Texas

Alamo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jefferson County, Indiana

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 33,147 people lived there. The county seat is Madison.

Virginia City, Montana

Virginia City is a town of Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Bloomfield, Indiana

Bloomfield is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Wild Nights – Wild Nights!

"Wild Nights – Wild Nights!" is a poem by Emily Dickinson published in 1861.

Spencer, Indiana

Spencer is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Dubois County, Indiana

Dubois County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 43,637 people lived there. The county seat is Jasper.

Guthrie, Texas

Guthrie is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of King County. In 2020, 151 people lived there. It is found 142 km east of Lubbock.

Carole Delga

Carole Delga (born 19 August 1971 in Toulouse) is a French politician. She was a member of the French National Assembly.

Pan-African Institute for Statistics

The Pan-African Institute for Statistics (StatAfric) is a government agency in Africa. It was started in 2018 to publish data and research.

Window function

In mathematics, a window function is a special function that can be applied to a signal, as it occurs in digital signal processing. A window function has a value of zero outside the domain which is of interest, and a non-zero value inside this domain. When multiplied with the signal (function), the result will be zero outside the domain of interest, and non-zero inside it - it will only leave the "window". The simplest possible window function is rectangular: It is 1 inside the domain of interest, and zero everywhere else. It is named Dirichlet window (after Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet). Many window functions are symmetric around the center (which is often in the middle of the interval). They will amplify or weaken the signal in certain positions, 

Genesis P-Orridge

Genesis Breyer P-Orridge (born Neil Andrew Megson; 22 February 1950 – 14 March 2020) was an English singer-songwriter, musician, poet, performance artist, and occultist. P-Orridge was known as the founder of the COUM Transmissions artistic collective and frontman of seminal industrial band, Throbbing Gristle. 

They were also a founding member of Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth occult group, and fronted the experimental band Psychic TV. 

P-Orridge identifies as third gender.

In October 2017, P-Orridge was diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia. They died from the disease on 14 March 2020 in New York City, aged 70.

John Edrich

John Hugh Edrich, (21 June 1937 – ) was an English first-class cricketer. His career lasted from 1956 to 1978. He was thought of as one of the best batsmen of his generation. Edrich played for Surrey and England.

Edrich died in December 2020 from a rare-form of blood cancer in Scotland, aged 83.

Tom Smith (rugby union)

Tom Smith (31 October 1971 – 6 April 2022) was an English-born former Scotland international rugby union losehead prop. He played for Glasgow Warriors, Caledonia Reds and Northampton Saints and also represented the British and Irish Lions. He was a rugby coach. Smith was born in London.

In November 2019, Smith was diagnosed with terminal colon that metastasized spread to his brain and liver. He died from the disease on 6 April 2022, aged 50.


Arawanna

Arawanna,Ara-Wanna(I҆rwnt). The Hittite-Luwian city-state and historical region of the same name in the south-west of the Armenian Highlands(near modern town of Elbistan, Ablasta in Armenian: Աբլաստա), which existed in the Bronze Age and was mentioned by king Mursili II in his annals, where he writes that when Šuppiluliuma I was king of the Hittites, the Aravanians invaded the land of Kaskians near «Sammahi». Some translators believe that this may be a Late-Hittite pronunciation of «Samuha», comparing Šuppiluliuma of the mid-14th century BC, who managed to subdue Arawanna and other city-states, which had rebelled against his father, with king Šuppiluliuma of the late 13th century BC. However, in other places of the annals Arawanna and Cascia are not connected with Samuha. King Mursili himself in the fifth year of his reign - c. 1317 BC - moved to the city of Zulila in the vicinity of Sammahi to save the Cascians from invasions near Samuha.

Arawanna took part in the coalition of states that rebelled against the Hittite king Tudhaliya III and were supported by the king of Mitanni Shuttarna II.

Arawanna(I҆rwnt) was one of the allies states who fought on the side of the Hittite empire against Egypt at the Battle of Kadesh

Arawanna(I҆rwnt) was a homeland and personal land domain of the first historically known Armenian royal dynasty Eruandid(Yervanduni,Orontid dynasty).

Ng Jui Ping

Ng Jui Ping (17 October 1948 – 1 January 2020) was a Singaporean entrepreneur and army general. He was the second Chief of Defence Force (CDF) of the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) from 1992 to 1995. He also served as Chief of Army from 1990 to 1992. He held the rank of lieutenant-general. Ng was also the vice-president of the Football Association of Singapore.

Ng died on 1 January 2020 at the age of 71 of pancreatic cancer.


Serikbolsyn Abdildin

Serikbolsyn Abdildaevich Abdildin (; 25 November 1937 – 31 December 2019) was a Kazakh politician and economist. He was a member of the Communist Party. He served as the last chairman of the Supreme Council from 1991 to 1993. He was also the leader of the Communist Party from 1996 to 2010. He was born in Tarbagatay.

Abdildin died on 31 December 2019 at the age of 82.


Shahla Riahi

Shahla Riahi (, 7 February 1927 – 31 December 2019) was an Iranian actress and movie director. She was born in Tehran. In 1956, she became the first Iranian woman to direct a feature, with "Marjan". Her career as an actress includes more than 72 movies.

Riahi died on 31 December 2019 in Tehran at the age of 92.

Thurnen, Bern

Thurnen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen merged to form the new municipality of Thurnen.


Burkburnett, Texas

Burkburnett is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

YellaWood 500

The YellaWood 500 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series stock car race held at Talladega Superspeedway in Lincoln, Alabama, hosting an event in the NASCAR playoffs. The race is one of four NASCAR Cup Series races currently run with tapered spacers, the others being the GEICO 500 in May, the Coke Zero Sugar 400, and the Daytona 500. Through 1996, this race was normally held in early August or late July. In 1997, it was moved to early October due to the uncomfortably hot summer temperatures, and sometimes unpredictable summertime thunderstorms in the Alabama area. In 2009, the race moved again, this time to November 1 as part of a realignment agreement with Atlanta and Fontana (where Fontana earned a race in the Chase and Atlanta gained the Labor Day weekend race).

The race was on average on the most competitive in NASCAR history. It unwent 40 official leader changes in 1971, 1973, 1975-1978, 1983-1984, 1989-2000, and each year in the period covering races from 2003-2012. In 13 cases, the race exceeded 60 changes of leader, that of 2010 holds the record of leader changes for this circuit, one less than the NASCAR record created in a race in April.

It is long and it is 188 laps, stages 1 and 2 is 55 laps in length, while the final stage is 78 laps total.

Dale Earnhardt holds the most record of wins (7), at the level of the stables, it is Richard Childress Racing, which holds it with 8 victories and for the manufacturers, it is Chevrolet with 21 victories.

Silvia Montanari

Silvia Montanari (January 14, 1943 – October 26, 2019) was an Argentine actress. She was born in Quilmes Partido, Argentina. She was known for starring in Arthur Miller's play "Panorama from the bridge" with Alfredo Alcón. In telenovelas, she was known in "La Cruz de Marisa Cruces", "La Sombra", "Stefania", "Between love and power", "All yours", "The lion and the rose", and "When love is guilty".

In her later career, she starred as bar owner Emilia in "Gasoleros".

Montanari died on October 26, 2019 at a hospital in Buenos Aires from cancer, aged 76.

Tzvi Freeman

Rabbi Tzvi Freeman is from Canada and is a member of the Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic movement. Tzvi Freeman is a writer and the author of Bringing Heaven Down to Earth. Rabbi Freeman's writings are primarily based on the teachings of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh leader of the Chabad movement.

Tzvi Freeman was born in Vancouver, Canada. Before he became a writer, Freeman worked as a game designer for a children's literacy video game.

Freeman works as a senior editor on Chabad.org, the Chabad movement's official outreach website. He produced a children's cartoon called "Kabbalah Toons."


Tess Daly

Helen Elizabeth "Tess" Daly (born 29 March 1969) is an English model, novelist and television presenter. 

She is best known for co-presenting the BBC One celebrity dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing" since 2004.

Daly was born in Stockport, Cheshire. In 2003 she married Vernon Kay. They have two children.

Beatriz Taibo

Beatriz Taibo (March 10, 1932 – March 2, 2019) was an Argentinian actress. She was born in San Telmo, Argentina. Taibo was known for her movie roles in "Millones de Semillita", "Asunto terminado" and in "Cuidado con las colas". She appeared in the theatre, notably in the play "Boeing-Boeing". In 1955 she appeared with Tita Merello in "Para vestir santos" ("To Dress Saints").

Taibo died in Buenos Aires on March 2, 2019 at the age of 86.

Jack Sheldon

Jack Sheldon (November 30, 1931 – December 27, 2019) was an American bebop and West Coast jazz trumpeter, singer, and actor. He was a trumpet player and the music director on "The Merv Griffin Show". His voice was heard on several episodes of the educational music television series "Schoolhouse Rock!". He was born in Jacksonville, Florida.

Sheldon died on December 27, 2019 at the age of 88.

Ira Sullivan

Ira Sullivan (May 1, 1931 – September 21, 2020) was an American jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist, flautist, saxophonist, educator and composer. He was born in Washington, D.C.. His career began in the 1950s in Chicago. He worked often with Red Rodney and Lin Halliday. Sullivan teaches at the Young Musicians Camp each summer at the University of Miami.

Sullivan died on September 21, 2020 from pancreatic cancer in Miami, Florida at the age of 89.



Floyd County, Indiana

Floyd County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 80,484 people lived there. The county seat is New Albany. It is the second smallest county in Indiana by area. It was created in 1819.

Abra (province)

Abra (; ) is province of the Philippines in the Cordillera Administrative Region in Luzon. The capital is Bangued, and is bordered by Ilocos Norte on the northwest, Apayao on the northeast, Kalinga on the mid-east, Mountain Province on the southeast, and Ilocos Sur on the southwest.

Agusan del Norte

Agusan del Norte (; Butuanon: "Probinsya hong Agusan del Norte") is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Caraga region in Mindanao. The capital is the city of Cabadbaran and is bordered on the northeast by Surigao del Norte; mid-east by Surigao del Sur; southeast by Agusan del Sur, and southwest by Misamis Oriental. It faces Butuan Bay, part of the Bohol Sea, to the northwest.

Injil

The Injil (, alternative spellings: "Ingil" or "Injeel") is the Arabic word for the Gospel. Muslims believe the Injil is to be followed, but has been corrupted over time. Muslims believe the Qur'an is the true successor.

Ipswich, South Dakota

Ipswich is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Edmunds County. In 2020, 928 people lived there.

Ashland County, Wisconsin

Ashland County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 16,027 people lived in the county. The county seat is Ashland.

Barron County, Wisconsin

Barron County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 46,711 people lived in the county. The county seat is Barron.

Prez, Switzerland

Prez is a municipality in Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020 the municipalities Corserey, Noréaz, and Prez-vers-Noréaz joined together to become the new municipality of Prez.

Bayfield County, Wisconsin

Bayfield County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 16,220 people lived in the county. The county seat is Washburn.

Brown County, Wisconsin

Brown County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 268,740 people lived in the county. The county seat is Green Bay.

Villaz, Switzerland

Villaz is a municipality in Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020 the municipalities La Folliaz and Villaz-Saint-Pierre joined together to become the new municipality of Villaz.

Donatyre

Donatyre is a former municipality of the district of Avenches in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 July 2006, it has been part of the municipality of Avenches.

Buffalo County, Wisconsin

Buffalo County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 13,317 people lived in the county. The county seat is Alma.

Remembrance (1982 movie)

Remembrance is a drama about Royal Navy ratings of HMS "Raleigh". They are about to go on a six-month naval exercise. Some well-known British actors had early roles in the film. They include Timothy Spall, Lisa Maxwell and John Altman. It was Gary Oldman's first film.

It was made by Channel Four Films and was shown in the first week of Channel 4 broadcasting. It was also one of the first films in the UK to be shown on television less than three years after its initial cinema release. Before this event, a three-year delay was made by the Cinema Exhibitors' Association.

The film follows several naval ratings with the story switching between the characters. The naval ratings prepare for their coming months away at sea. The action takes place around the bars and clubs of the Union Street district of Plymouth. One major event that affects all the characters is the hospitalisation, and eventual death, of Daniel, played by Gary Oldman. This is after a violent assault by a nightclub bouncer.

Gregg got the idea for the film from his own experiences as a student at Plymouth Art College.
It was shot on location. It includes interior scenes in two Union Street pubs, "The Phoenix" and "The Two Trees".

The film was commissioned by Channel 4, before the channel had started broadcasting. It was shown in November 1982, close to Remembrance Sunday. This was in the first week of the new channel

In June 1982, before being shown on TV, the film had been shown in a cinema, the "Screen on the Hill" in Hampstead.
This was for publicity of the film and the start of Channel 4. It took advantage of the role that the Royal Navy had played in the Falklands War. It was also an important event in the relationship between cinema and television in the UK. In "Independent Television in Britain" (Volume 6, 2003), Paul Bonner and Lesley Aston note that:


Background music is from "Aragon" by Brian Eno.

Channel 4's regulator, the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA), raised concerns about use of swearing in the script.

The film won the Golden Charybdis Award at the 1982 Taormina International Film Festival.


Siloam, Georgia

Siloam is a town in Greene County, Georgia. In 2020, 194 people lived there.

Languages of the United Kingdom

Languages of the United Kingdom include:

Fazilatunnesa Bappy

Fazilatunesa Bappy (31 December 1970 – 2 January 2020) was a Bangladeshi lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Awami League. She was elected to the Jatiya Sangsad, Bangladesh's national parliament, in 2011. She served two terms until 2018. She was born in Narail.

Bappy died on 2 January 2020 in Dhaka at the age of 49.

Elena Cotta

Elena Cotta Ramusino (born 19 August 1931) is an Italian actress. She has appeared on stage and in movies and television since the 1950s. In 2013, at 82 years old, she won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress for her role in "A Street in Palermo". She appeared in the Australian movie "Looking for Alibrandi" (2000). Cotta has also appeared in "Your Hands on My Body" (1970), "Loro" (2018) and "The Man Without Gravity" (2019).

Cotta was born in Milan.

List of prime ministers of Chad

This is a list of prime ministers of Chad since the formation of the post of Prime Minister of Chad in 1978 to the present day.





Albert Pahimi Padacké

Albert Pahimi Padacké (, born 15 November 1966) is a Chadian politician. He was the last Prime Minister of Chad from 2016 to 2018. However in 2021, the job was created again with interim leader Mahamat Déby making him prime minister again. He was prime minister until October 2022.

Shen Yi-ming

Shen Yi-ming (; 30 March 1957 – 2 January 2020) was a Taiwanese Air Force commander. He began his term as the Chief of the General Staff, the head of the Republic of China Armed Forces, in July 2019. He served the role until his death in January 2020.

On 2 January 2020, Shen was killed after being in a helicopter crash in Wulai District, aged 62.

Prudential

Prudential plc is a British multinational life insurance and financial services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It was founded in London in May 1848 to provide loans to professional and working people.

Prudential has 20 million life customers. It owns Prudential Corporation Asia, which has leading insurance and asset management operations across 14 markets in Asia, Jackson National Life Insurance Company, which is one of the largest life insurance providers in the United States.

Prudential has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. Prudential has secondary listings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange and Singapore Exchange.


Chris Barker

Christopher Andrew Barker (2 March 1980 – 1 January 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a defender.

Barker was born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. He began his professional career at Barnsley in 1999. He won the club's young player of the year award in his first full season. He appeared in over 100 games for the club. In July 2002, Barker joined Welsh side Cardiff City. While at Cardiff, Barker had loan spells at Stoke City and Colchester United. After 177 appearances for Cardiff City, he joined Queens Park Rangers in 2007, and Plymouth Argyle in 2008. He moved to Southend United in 2010, playing for the club until 2013. In 2015, Barker was named player-manager of Aldershot Town. He later played for Hereford and Weston-super-Mare.

On 1 January 2020, Barker died in Cardiff at the age of 39.

Cardiff City

Southend United


General

Specific

Peter Lo Sui Yin

Tan Sri Datuk Peter Lo Sui Yin (; 19 May 1923 – 1 January 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was the second Chief Minister of the State of Sabah. He was sworn-in on 1 January 1965. He was replaced on 12 May 1967. He was a member of the Sabah Chinese Association (SCA).

Harris Salleh

Harris bin Mohd Salleh (born 4 November 1930) is a Malaysian politician. He was the sixth Chief Minister of the state of Sabah in Malaysia from 1976 to 1985. He was also the president for Parti Berjaya.

Sakaran Dandai

Tun Sakaran Mohd Hashim bin Dandai (15 April 1930 – 30 August 2021) is a Malaysian politician. He was the eighth Chief Minister in 1994 and Governor of the Malaysian state of Sabah from 1995 through 2002. Dandai was a member of the United Malays National Organisation. He was born in Semporna, Malaysia.

Dandai died on 30 August 2021 at a hospital in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia from COVID-19, aged 91.

Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame

The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame is an American history museum and hall of fame. It is located at 1000 Hall of Fame Avenue in Springfield, Massachusetts. It is basketball's most complete library, in addition to promoting and preserving the history of basketball.

It was dedicated to Canadian-American physician and inventor of the sport James Naismith, it was opened and inducted its first class in 1959.

Sylvester James Gates

Sylvester James Gates Jr. (born December 15, 1950), known as S. James Gates Jr. or Jim Gates, is an American theoretical physicist. He works on supersymmetry, supergravity, and superstring theory. 

He retired from the physics department at the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences in 2017. 

He is the Brown Theoretical Physics Center Director, the Ford Foundation Professor of Physics, Affiliate Professor of Mathematics, and Watson Institute for International Studies & Public Affairs Faculty Fellow at Brown University. 

He was a University of Maryland Regents Professor and was on former President Barack Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.

James Edward Young

James Edward Young (born January 18, 1926) is an American physicist. He was the first black tenured faculty member in the Department of Physics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was a founding member of the National Society of Black Physicists. Young was a mentor for Shirley Ann Jackson and Sylvester James Gates. He was born in Wheeling, West Virginia.

James Soong

James Soong Chu-yu (; born 16 March 1942) is a Taiwanese politician. He is the founder and current Chairman the People First Party.

In November 2019, he announced his candidacy for the 2020 Taiwan presidential election, beginning his campaign on 13 November 2019.

Chang San-cheng

Chang San-cheng or Simon Chang () (born 24 June 1954) is a Taiwan politician. He was Premier of the Republic of China from 1 February 2016 until 20 May 2016, appointed by President Ma Ying-jeou. He was Vice Premier from 8 December 2014. 

Chang is the current vice presidential candidate in the 2020 Taiwan presidential election for the Kuomintang, running with presidential candidate Han Kuo-yu. He elected Mayors of Taoyuan from 25 December 2022.

Su Tseng-chang

Su Tseng-chang (; born 28 July 1947) is a Taiwanese politician. He was the premier of the Republic of China. He was the chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party from 2012 to 2014. 

Su was Premier of the Republic of China from 2006 to 2007 and was Chief of Staff to President Chen Shui-bian in 2004. 

Su was born in Ministry of Health and Welfare Pingtung Hospital at Pingtung, He was studied at National Pingtung Senior High School and College of Law, National Taiwan University, He was previously the magistrate of Pingtung County (1989–1993) and magistrate of Taipei County (1997–2004).

Lai Ching‑te

Willam Lai Ching‑te (born 6 October 1959), is a Taiwanese politician who is the President of Taiwan since January 2024. Lai has been the Vice President of Taiwan since 2020. He was a legislator in the Legislative Yuan from 1999 to 2010, and as Mayor of Tainan from 2010 to 2017, before taking office as Premier of Taiwan.

On 24 November 2018, he announced his intention to resign from the premiership after the Democratic Progressive Party suffered a major defeat in local elections, and left office on 14 January 2019.

Lai was a successfull candidate for Vice President of Taiwan and the running mate of President Tsai Ing-wen in the 2020 Taiwan presidential election.

Lai was the successful Democratic Progressive Party nominee for President of Taiwan in the 2024 election, winning the election on 13 January 2024.

People First Party (Taiwan)

The People First Party (PFP, ) is a center-right political party in Taiwan (Republic of China).


Finn Wittrock

Peter "Finn" Wittrock, Jr. (born October 28, 1984) is an American actor and screenwriter.

In 2011, he performed in playwright Tony Kushner's Off-Broadway play "The Illusion" and made his Broadway debut in 2012 as Happy Loman in the revival of Arthur Miller's play "Death of a Salesman", directed by Mike Nichols.

In 2014, he appeared in "The Normal Heart", "Noah", and "Unbroken". He is also known for his roles in "", "" and in "".

In 2018, he played murder victim Jeffrey Trail in the FX crime drama series "".

Roland Minson

Roland T. Minson (February 18, 1929 – January 1, 2020) was an American basketball player. He was born in Idaho Falls, Idaho. He is best known for his college career at Brigham Young University (BYU). At BYU, Minson led the Cougars to the 1951 National Invitation Tournament (NIT) championship. He was drafted by the New York Knicks in the second round of the 1951 NBA draft. At the same time, he was drafted into active duty in the US Navy during the Korean War. When he returned from the military, he turned down a contract from the Knicks. He still had a career in basketball with the Denver Bankers in the Amateur Athletic Union.

Minson died on January 1, 2020 in Afton, Wyoming. He was 90.

Stilton cheese

Stilton is an English cheese, made in two types: Blue, and White. Blue stilton has "Penicillium roqueforti" added. This gives it a characteristic smell and taste. White is the same cheese without having the penicillium added. Both have been given the status of a protected designation of origin (PDO) by the European Commission. This means that the cheese must be made to a strict code in one of the three counties of Derbyshire, Leicestershire or Nottinghamshire. 

Cheese made in the village of Stilton, which is now in Cambridgeshire can not be sold as "Stilton".

Frances Pawlett (or Paulet), a cheese maker of Wymondham, Leicestershire, has been credited as the person who set modern Stilton cheese's shape and style characteristics in the 1720s, 
but others have also been named. 
A recipe for a Stilton cheese was published in 1721 by Richard Bradley.

The Stilton Cheesemaker's Association say the first person to market Blue Stilton cheese was Cooper Thornhill. He was the owner of the Bell Inn on the Great North Road, in the village of Stilton, Huntingdonshire. Huntingdonshire is now a district in modern Cambridgeshire. The story is that in 1730, Thornhill discovered a distinctive blue cheese while visiting a small farm near Melton Mowbray in rural Leicestershire — possibly in Wymondham. He fell in love with the cheese and made a business arrangement that gave the Bell Inn exclusive marketing rights to Blue Stilton. The Great North Road, a main stagecoach route from London to Northern England, passed through the village of Stilton. So he was able to promote the sale of Stilton cheese.

In 1936 the Stilton Cheesemakers' Association (SCMA) was formed. They wanted to get legal protection for the quality and origin of the cheese. In 1966, Stilton was granted legal protection via a certification trade mark, the only British cheese to have received this status.

Blue Stilton's blue veins are created by piercing the crust of the cheese with stainless steel needles. This allows air into the core. The cheese is then ripened for nine to twelve weeks.

For cheese to use the name "Stilton", it must be made in one of the three counties of Derbyshire, Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire, and must use pasteurised local milk. The manufacturers of Stilton cheese in these counties applied for and received protection under European Law (PDO = protected designation of origin) in 1996.

Stichelton is made in the same way as Stilton cheese and uses cows' milk from Nottinghamshire, but the milk is unpasteurised and so under the PDO it cannot be designated as true Stilton.

Another Leicestershire dairy was located in the grounds of Quenby Hall near the village of Hungarton. There had been a dairy there in the 18th century. Quenby Hall restarted Stilton production in a new dairy in August 2005 but the business closed in 2011. 

The former Dairy Crest-owned licensed dairy that produced Stilton at Hartington in Derbyshire was acquired by the Long Clawson dairy in 2008 and closed in 2009, with production transferred to Leicestershire. Two former employees set up the Hartington Creamery at Pikehall in Hartington parish which was licensed in 2014.

Stilton cheese cannot be produced in the village that gave the cheese its name. Stilton village is not in the three permitted counties; it is in the historic county of Huntingdonshire in Cambridgeshire. The Original Cheese Company applied to Defra to amend the Stilton PDO to include the village but the application was rejected in 2013.

Stilton cheese was also manufactured in Staffordshire. The Nuttall family of Beeby, Leicestershire opened a Stilton cheese factory in Uttoxeter in 1892 to take advantage of the local milk and good transport links.

To be called "Blue Stilton", a cheese must:

Stilton has a typical fat content of approximately 35%, and protein content of approximately 23%.

A number of blue cheeses are made in a similar way to Blue Stilton. These cheeses get their blue veins and distinct flavour from the use of one or more saprotrophic fungi, such as "Penicillium roqueforti" and "Penicillium glaucum". Since the PDO came into effect, some British supermarkets have stocked a generic "British Blue cheese". Other makers have adopted their own names and styles. Other typical British blue cheeses are Oxford Blue and Shropshire Blue.

Many countries make blue cheeses. Italy has Gorgonzola cheese, a greenish-blue cheese made from cows' milk. France has Fourme d'Ambert made in Auvergne with cows' milk and Roquefort, made with ewes' milk. Denmark makes Danish Blue Cheese. The Netherlands makes Ruscello.

Blue Stilton is often eaten with celery or pears. It can also be added as a flavouring to vegetable soup, such as cream of celery or broccoli. 
It is often eaten with crackers, biscuits or bread. It can also be used to make a blue cheese sauce served over a steak. It can be crumbled over a salad. The cheese is traditionally eaten at Christmas. The edible rind of the cheese forms naturally during the aging process.

White Stilton is the same cheese but has not had the "Penicillium roqueforti" mould introduced into it. It is a crumbly, creamy, open textured cheese.

A 2005 survey by the British Cheese Board reported that Stilton seemed to cause unusual dreams, with 75% of men and 85% of women experiencing "odd and vivid" dreams after eating a 20-gram serving of the cheese half an hour prior to sleeping.

George Orwell wrote an essay, "In Defence of English Cooking", first published in the "Evening Standard" on 15 December 1945. While enumerating the high points of British cuisine, he touches on Stilton: "Then there are the English cheeses. There are not many of them, but I fancy that Stilton is the best cheese of its type in the world, with Wensleydale not far behind."

The Stilton Cheese Makers Association produced a fragrance called "Eau de Stilton", which was "very different to the very sweet perfumes you smell wafting down the street as someone walks past you."

The search for an unpasteurised Stilton cheese was a plot element of a "Chef!" episode titled "The Big Cheese", aired on BBC1 on 25 February 1993.

A character named G. D'Arcy "Stilton" Cheesewright appears in several of the Jeeves novels of P. G. Wodehouse.



Rossens, Vaud

Rossens was a municipality in Payerne in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 July 2006, it joined with Rossens and Sédeilles to become Villarzel.

Sédeilles

Sédeilles was a municipality in Payerne in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 July 2006, it joined with Rossens and Sédeilles to become Villarzel.

Jay County, Indiana

Jay County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 20,478 people lived there. The county seat is Portland.

LaGrange, Indiana

LaGrange is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of LaGrange County.

Fountain County, Indiana

Fountain County is a county in the western part of the U.S. state of Indiana on the east side of the Wabash River. As of 2020, 16,479 people lived there. The county seat is Covington.

Elkhart County, Indiana

Elkhart County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 207,047 people lived there. The county seat is Goshen.

DeSoto, Texas

DeSoto is a city in Dallas County, Texas. As of 2020, it had a population of 56,145 people.

Rowlett, Texas

Rowlett is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Fulton County, Indiana

Fulton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 20,480 people lived there. The county seat is Rochester.

Aquilla, Texas

Aquilla is a city in Hill County, Texas, United States. The population was 101 at the 2020 census.

Aquilla Lake is about north of Aquilla.

Happy Camp, California

Happy Camp (Karuk: "athithúf-vuunupma") is a census-designated place (CDP) in Siskiyou County, California in the United States. In 2020 census, 905 people lived there. It is along California State Route 96.

McCloud, California

McCloud is a census-designated place (CDP) in Siskiyou County, California, United States. The population was 945 at the 2020 census. It is found along California State Route 89.

Tennant, California

Tennant is a census-designated place (CDP) in Siskiyou County, California, United States. In 2020, 63 people lived there.

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a video game that came out in 2015. It was made by CD Projekt Red and was based on "The Witcher" series of books. It is a sequel to the game "", which came out in 2011. The game is set in a fantasy world, and is played in third-person.

The game got very positive reviews when it came out. Its gameplay, story, combat, world, and graphics were all considered good. The biggest complaint about the game was its technical problems.

War of Devolution

In the 1667 to 1668 War of (the) Devolution, France occupied the Spanish-controlled provinces of Spanish Netherlands and Franche-Comté. Because of one law not many people knew about (called the Jus Devolutionis), Louis XIV claimed these provinces 'devolved' to him because of his marriage to Maria Theresa of Spain.

King Louis had claimed territory from the Spanish Empire as his own, due to his marriage of Maria Theresa. This claim started the conflict between France and the Spanish Empire. The Triple Alliance, (England, Sweden, and The Netherlands,) decided to get involved in this war, but not allying with either side. They saw 2 countries now weakened by war and realized they could expand. They also did this for the protection of each side, because both were a vital piece to trade in Europe and the world. The French soldiers marched into Flanders, (now in Belgium) and easily took over the city. Just a year later after almost a standoff, they made a peace treaty with Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I. They would partition the Spanish Dominions until the king's death, and France would annex part of the Netherlands.


Nick Fish

Nicholas Stuyvesant Fish (September 30, 1958 – January 2, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Democrat. He served as a commissioner of Portland, Oregon from 2008 until his death in 2020. Fish also worked with Portland Parks & Recreation, the Portland Housing Bureau and the Bureau of Environmental Services. He was born in Millbrook, New York. The Fish family are a notable political family. His father, Hamilton Fish IV, and grandfather, Hamilton Fish III, both served in the U.S. House of Representatives from New York. Fish's great-great grandfather was Hamilton Fish, the 26th United States Secretary of State.

Fish died of stomach cancer on January 2, 2020 in Portland. He was 61.


Farwell, California

Farwell is a unincorporated community in Alameda County, California. It is found along California State Route 84, in Niles Canyon. 

Qasem Soleimani

Qasem Soleimani (‎; 11 March 1957 – 3 January 2020) was an Iranian major general in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). From 1998 until his death in 2020, he was commander of the IRGC's Quds Force. He was born in Qanat-e Malek, Kerman. He began his military career in the 1980s Iran–Iraq War. He later helped command efforts against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in 2014–15.

On 3 January 2020, Soleimani was killed in an airstrike near Baghdad International Airport in Baghdad, Iraq. The U.S.-ordered airstrike also killed others, including Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis.

Afton, Wyoming

Afton is a town in Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 1,911 at the 2010 census.

Afton is home to the world's largest arch made of elk antlers, it weighs 15 tons.

Assassination of Qasem Soleimani

On 3 January 2020, the United States Air Force launched an airstrike against a convoy traveling near Baghdad International Airport that was carrying several passengers, including Iranian Major General and IRGC Quds Force commander Qasem Soleimani and Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces commander Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis.

Several missiles reportedly struck the convoy. Five Iranians and five Iraqis were killed.

In response to the killing of Qasem Soleimani and Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, Iran launched attacks against the United States and Iraq kicked out American soldiers from the country. Donald Trump, the president at the time, said that Soleimani was killed because he had an arrest warrant for terrorism put out by Ayatollah Khamenei.

Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis

Jamal Jafaar Mohammed Ali Ebrahimi (, 1954 – 3 January 2020), known by the kunya Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis (), was an Iraqi-Iranian military commander. He headed the Popular Mobilisation Committee ("Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi"). He was the commander of the Kata'ib Hezbollah militia.

He was accused of being a terrorist over his activities in Kuwait in the 1980s. He was sentenced to death in absentia by a court in Kuwait for his involvement in 1983 Kuwait bombings. 

Muhandis was on the United States list of designated terrorists. 

He was killed by a US airstrike at the Baghdad International Airport on 3 January 2020 alongside Qasem Soleimani.

Baghdad International Airport

Baghdad International Airport , previously "Saddam International Airport" (), is Iraq's largest international airport. It is located in a suburb about west of downtown Baghdad in the Baghdad Governorate. 

It is the home base for Iraq's national airline, Iraqi Airways.

On 3 January 2020, Baghdad International Airport was the location of a U.S. airstrike that killed Qassem Soleimani, leader of Iran's Quds Force, and Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, deputy commander of the Popular Mobilization Forces, as well as numerous civilians.

Tommy Hancock

Thomas O. Hancock (March 25, 1929 – January 1, 2020) was an American musician. He was called the godfather of West Texas music. Hancock was born in Lubbock, Texas. He played the fiddle. He played for the band The Flatlanders. During the 1970s, Hancock and his family became followers of Guru Maharaj Ji.

On January 1, 2020, Hancock died in Austin, Texas at the age of 90.


Muenster, Texas

Muenster ( ) is a city in western Cooke County, Texas, United States, along U.S. Route 82. The population was 1,536 at the 2020 census.

Ahmed Taleb Ibrahimi

Dr. Ahmed Taleb Ibrahimi () (born 5 January 1932) is an Algerian politician and educator. He was born in National Liberation Front (FLN). Ibrahimi was born in Setif, Algeria. Ibrahimi was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1988. Before, he was Counselor to the President from 1977 through 1982.


Victoria Pedretti

Victoria Pedretti (born March 23, 1995) is an American actress. She played Eleanor "Nell" Crain in the Netflix horror series "The Haunting of Hill House" and Love Quinn in the Netflix thriller series "You".

In 2019, she played Lulu in Quentin Tarantino's movie "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood".

Elizabeth Lail

Elizabeth Dean Lail (born March 25, 1992) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles as Amy Hughes in the 2016 Freeform television series "Dead of Summer" and as Guinevere Beck in the 2018 Lifetime television series "You".

Asheboro, North Carolina

Asheboro is a city in and the county seat of Randolph County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 27,156 at the 2020 census. It is the home of the state-owned North Carolina Zoo.

Randolph County, North Carolina

Randolph County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 144,171. Its county seat is Asheboro.

Penn Badgley

Penn Dayton Badgley (born November 1, 1986) is an American actor and musician. He is best known for his role as Dan Humphrey in The CW teen drama series "Gossip Girl" (2007–12) and as Joe Goldberg in the Netflix thriller series "You" (2018–present).

Basil Watts

Basil J. Watts (15 June 1926 – 31 December 2019) was an English World Cup winning rugby league footballer. He was also known by the nickname of "Baz". Watts played in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for York.


Sam Wyche

Samuel David Wyche (January 5, 1945 – January 2, 2020) was an American professional football player, coach and politician. He was a player and head coach for the Cincinnati Bengals and a quarterbacks coach for the San Francisco 49ers. He led the Bengals to Super Bowl XXIII. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Wyche also played for the Washington Redskins, Detroit Lions, and St. Louis Cardinals. He also coached at the University of South Carolina and Indiana University, and for the San Francisco 49ers, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Buffalo Bills.

On November 4, 2008, Wyche won a seat on the County Council for Pickens County, South Carolina. He ran as a member of the Republican Party.

On September 9, 2016, Wyche was hospitalized in Charlotte, North Carolina, while waiting for a heart transplant due to congestive heart failure. Three days later, a heart was found, and on September 13, Wyche had a 4.5-hour transplant operation.

Wyche was diagnosed with melanoma in December 2019 and it had spread to his bones and liver. He died at his home in Pickens, South Carolina on January 2, 2020 from problems caused by the disease, three days short of his 75th birthday.

Pickens, South Carolina

Pickens, formerly called Pickens Courthouse, is a small town in Pickens County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 3,388 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Pickens County. Pickens County is included in Greenville-Mauldin-Easley metropolitan area.

Craig Roberts

Craig Haydn Roberts (born 21 January 1991) is a Welsh actor, writer and director. He is best known for his lead roles as Oliver Tate in the coming-of-age comedy-drama movie "Submarine" (2010), David Meyers in the series "Red Oaks" (2014–2017), and for playing Rio Wellard in the television series "The Story of Tracy Beaker" (2004–2005).

Jennifer Ehle

Jennifer Anne Ehle (; born December 29, 1969) is a British-American actress. She won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth Bennet in the 1995 BBC miniseries "Pride and Prejudice". 

For her work on Broadway, she won the 2000 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for "The Real Thing", and the 2007 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for "The Coast of Utopia". 

She is the daughter of English actress Rosemary Harris and American author John Ehle.

Student transport

Student transport is the transporting of students to and from schools and school events.

In the United States, this is by school bus. In the Netherlands, this is by walking. In the United Kingdom this is by car, bus and/or bicycle.

Students walking are assisted to cross roads by lollipop men or lollipop ladies. In the United States this is known as crossguard.

Darchula

Darchula District ( , a part of Sudurpashchim Pradesh, is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. The district, with Khalanga, Mahakali (today part of Mahakali Municipality) as its district headquarters, covers an area of and has a population (2011) of 133,274. The number of male 63,609 and female 69,855. Decadal Change(%) 9.40, Annual Growth Rate(%) 0.90, Sex Ratio(males per 100 females) 91, Absent (abroad) Population Total 6,867, where number of male 5,880 and female 987. Total Number of House 22,948. Total Number of Household 25,802. Average Household Size 5.17. Population Density . The town has an Indian counterpart to its northwest, named Dharchula. The split between the two towns is just virtual as the traditions, culture, and lifestyle of the people living across both the regions are quite similar.

Darchula Lies in the west-north corner of the country. Darchula made of two words Dhar (ne:दार) and Chula (ne:चुला). Dhar means edge in Nepali and Chula means fire pace,thus the district derives it name today, legends say that in ancient time Hermit Byas cooked rice on the top of two peaks. Byas RIshi HImal is the famous peak here. It covers area of 1867 square km. The major rivers are Mahakali, Chalune, Tinkar, Nampa and Kalagad. The district's boundary is connected with India and china also.Tropical,Subtropical,cool temperate,mild temperate, alpine types of climate are found here. Temperature lies from 18 to minus 7 degree centigrade and rainfall is up to 143 mil-liter. Nepali,Byasi, Gurung, Bhote, Doteli are the dominant language and culture here.

2021 Jamaica general election

The 2021 Jamaican general election is scheduled to be held in Jamaica by, at the latest, 25 February 2021. The Elections will be largely a contest between the governing Jamaica Labour Party (JLP) and the Opposition party, People’s National Party (PNP). Current Opinion polls suggest a narrow win by the PNP which is led by Peter Philips.

Loose Women

Loose Women is a British lunchtime weekday talk show that has been aired on ITV from 12:30pm to 1:30pm. The show was originally broadcast from Manchester, then Norwich, before moving to London, and focuses on a panel of four female presenters who interview celebrities and talk about aspects of their lives, and discuss topical issues ranging their politics and current affairs to celebrity gossip and entertainment.

Kaye Adams - Presenter / Anchor<br>Ruth Holmes - Presenter<br>Christine Lampard - Presenter<br>Charlene White - Presenter<br>Jane Moore - Anchor / Presenter<br>Nadia Sawalha - Anchor / Presenter<br>Coleen Nolan - Anchor / Presenter<br>Carol McGiffin - Anchor<br>Denise Welch - Anchor<br>Janet Street-Porter - Anchor<br>Linda Robson - Anchor<br>Gloria Hunniford - Anchor<br>Stacey Solomon - Anchor (currently on maternity leave)<br>Brenda Edwards - Anchor<br>Kéllé Bryan - Anchor<br>Judi Love - Anchor<br>Frankie Bridge - Anchor<br>Sunetra Sarker - Anchor<br>Katie Piper - Anchor<br>Sophie Morgan - Anchor<br>Kelly Holmes - Anchor

Loose Women was postponed from 9 September 2022 until 15 September 2022 due to the death of Her Majesty the Queen. Every single anchor had their chance to pay their respects to Her Majesty the Queen and speak about the good times the anchors had in their lives about the Queen.

Tehrik-e-Istiqlal

Tehrik-e-Istiqlal Pakistan (Urdu: تحریک استقلال‎) was a political party which was once the second most popular political party in Pakistan. It was formed by Air Marshal Retd. Asghar Khan in 1970.

In 1990 Pakistani general election it entered into an alliance with Pakistan Peoples Party for electoral calculus.

In January 2012, Tehrik-e-Istiqlal announced merging with the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.

Blanchard, Louisiana

Blanchard is a town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the second most populous municipality in Caddo Parish (after Shreveport)

Haughton, Louisiana

Haughton is a town in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States, it is the suburb of Shreveport. The population was 4,539 at the 2020 census. It is the second most populous municipality in Bossier Parish (after Bossier City)

Oakdale, California

Oakdale is a city in the San Joaquin Valley and Stanislaus County, California. As of the 2020 census, 23,181 people lived there. It is about northeast of Modesto.

Independence Airport

Independence Airport is a small airport in Independence, Inyo County, California. It is a public airport, and has two runways. The airport was used as a flight school site during World War II.


Valley View, Texas

Valley View is a city in Cooke County, Texas, United States. The population was 737 at the 2020 census.


Hancock County, Indiana

Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 79,840 people lived there. The county seat is Greenfield.

Languages of Ireland

The following is a  list of languages used in Ireland:

Helsinki Airport

Helsinki Airport (; , ) is the main international airport of Helsinki, the capital of Finland. Its surrounding metropolitan area, and the Uusimaa region. The airport is in the city of Vantaa, about west of Tikkurila, the administrative center of Vantaa and north of Helsinki city center. The airport is operated by state-owned Finavia.

It is the largest airport in Finland and the fourth busiest airport in the Nordic countries.

The airport is the main hub for Finnair, the flag carrier of Finland, and its subsidiary Nordic Regional Airlines. It is also a hub for CityJet (on behalf of SAS) and an operating base for Jet Time, Norwegian Air Shuttle, SunClass Airlines and TUI fly Nordic.


Vierne

Vierne is a surname. People with the surname include:


That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime

There is a manga based on the light novel published by Kodansha. It also has a manga spin-off published by Micro Magazine. There is an anime television series based on the light novel by Eight Bit.

The light novel series has over 4.5 million volumes in print. It was the fifth best-selling title of 2018 with 539,277 copies Its manga adaptation was the ninth best-selling title of 2018 with 3,460,066 copies.

The light novel ranked eighth in 2017 in Takarajimasha's annual light novel guide book "Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi!", in the "tankōbon" category. It ranked sixth in 2018 and fifth in 2019.

In 2019, Rimuru Tempest won Best Protagonist on the Crunchyroll Anime Awards.


Nathaël Julan

Nathaël Julan (16 July 1996 – 3 January 2020) was a French professional footballer. He played as a forward.

Julan was born in Montivilliers and was from a Guadeloupean background. In June 2016, he signed his first professional contract with Le Havre. He was last signed for Ligue 2 side Guingamp.

On 3 January 2020, Julan was killed in a car accident in Pordic. He was 23.

Bogusław Polch

Bogusław Polch (5 October 1941 – 2 January 2020) was a Polish comic book artist. His noted works including artwork of "Funky Koval" (written by Maciej Parowski and Jacek Rodek) and "Wiedźmin" (based on Andrzej Sapkowski's "The Witcher" stories, written by Maciej Parowski). Polch also created the cover art of some of Sapkowski's first edition books in "The Witcher" series.

Polch died on 2 January 2020 at the age of 78.

Derek Acorah

Derek Francis Jason Johnson (27 January 1950 – 3 January 2020), better known as Derek Acorah, was an English self-styled spiritual medium. He was best known for his television work on "Most Haunted", shown on Living TV (2002–2010). Although he had a successful career in television, many people doubted Acorah's claims as a medium. He also starred in "Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns" from 2005 to 2006. He also starred in "Celebrity Big Brother" in 2017.

Acorah was born in Bootle, Liverpool. He was a footballer earlier in his life. He was signed to Liverpool in the Bill Shankly era, but never made a first team appearance.

On 3 January 2020, Acorah died of sepsis caused by pneumonia in Scarisbrick, Lancashire. He was 69.

Ian Lavery

Ian Lavery (born 6 January 1963) is a British Labour Party politician and former trade union leader. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wansbeck since the 2010 general election.

He was president of the National Union of Mineworkers, 2002–2010. In June 2017, he became Chairman of the Labour Party and would continue in the role until 5 April 2020.

Stella Maris Leverberg

Stella Maris Raquel Leverberg (12 September 1962 – 3 January 2020) was an Argentine politician and trade unionist. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies for the province of Misiones from 2007 to 2015. She was also the leader of the "Unión de Docentes de la Provincia de Misiones" (UDPM).

On 3 January 2020, Leverberg died at a hospital of cardiac arrest after being in a road accident in Cruce Caballero, Misiones. She was 57.

Mónica Echeverría

Monica Echeverria Yañez (September 2, 1920 – January 3, 2020) was a Chilean journalist, writer, actress and professor. She was a feminist. She called herself a "rebel" and "anarchist" in the face of the neoliberal economics of the Chilean government. She was born in Santiago de Chile. In 2016, Mónica Echeverría published ¡Háganme Callar!. 

As a writer she published her first book, "Antihistoria de un luchador", in 1993, it took eight years for her to finish this 500-page biography of the unionist Clotario Blest. 

Echeverría died on January 3, 2020 in Santiago at the age of 99.


Raghunath Murmu

Raghunath Murmu also called Guru Gomke (05 May 1905 – 1 February 1982) was the inventor of the "Ol Chiki" script used in the Santali language.

Raghunath Murmu was born in Dandbus village of Mayurbhanj district in 5th May 1905. His father Nandlal Murmu was village head and his paternal uncle was Munsi in the court of Raja Pratap Chandra Bhanjdeo.

Murmu was honoured by Mayurbhanj State Adivasi Mahasabha with the title "Guru Gomke" (the great teacher).

Murmu's birthday, the 5th May, was declared an "optional holiday" by the Odisha chief minister in 2016, and the state culture department was directed to celebrate the day annually, in honour of his creation of the Ol Chiki script.

Gibson County, Indiana

Gibson County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 33,011 people lived there. The county seat is Princeton.

Cashion Community, Texas

Cashion Community (commonly called Cashion) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bridgeport, California

Bridgeport is a census-designated place (CDP) of California in the United States. It is the county seat of Mono County. In the 2020 census, 553 people lived there. It is found at the meeting point of U.S. Route 395 and State Route 182.

Mr In-Between

Mr In-Between (also called The Killing Kind) is a 2001 British crime drama film. It is based on the novel by English writer Neil Cross. It was directed by Paul Sarossy. The screenplay was written by Peter Waddington.

In 2002, hitman Jon lives alone. One day he meets an old friend called Andy. He starts an unneeded relationship. The truth comes out about what Jon does. This endangers the lives of those close to him. He must make a difficult decision. Should he save the woman he loves or kill her and the child.

Derek Elley of "Variety" called it "unevenly acted and scripted". Jamie Russell of the BBC rated it 3/5 stars and called it "commendably ambitious, but only occasionally successful". Alan Morrison of "Empire" rated it 3/5 stars and wrote that the film becomes more pretentious as time goes on. Total Film rated it 2/5 stars and called it "intense, reflective yarn" that wallows in sadism. "Time Out London" called it bleak, stylistically bold, and occasionally pretentious. David Johnson of DVD Verdict called it "a refreshingly original take on the hitman-with-a-conscience gig." Glenn Erickson of DVD Talk called it "an overachieving straight-to-video feature" that treats its subject matter as more important than it is.

"Mr In-Between" won Best UK Feature at Raindance Film Festival.

Andrew Howard won Best Actor at the Tokyo International Film Festival.


Unbioctium

Unbioctium also called eka-curium is an chemical element that has been not been yet discovered. it has isotopes but how many isotopes it has in still yet unknown, Yuri Oganessian's team is searching this element and this might be the target, they already made a chemical called Oganesson. Ununennium and Unbinilium has already been targeted by them. Unbinoctium has the symbol Ubo and it is in the superactinide group

Sam and Friends

Sam and Friends is a puppet TV show created by Jim Henson in 1955. It aired its last episode in 1961. The show had many Muppet characters: Sam, Kermit, Icky Gunk, Wilkins and Wontkins, Harry the Hipster, Omar, and Yorick. 

There was many episodes but most of them are lost, fans of the show have described the missing episodes from memory, here is the lists of found episodes:

UTC−07:00

UTC−07:00 makes clocks 7 hours earlier than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are the places that are on the UTC−07:00 time zone.

"Principal cities: Denver, Salt Lake City, Phoenix (year-round), Calgary, Edmonton, Ciudad Juárez

"Principal cities: Los Angeles, Vancouver, Tijuana"


"Principal cities: Phoenix, Hermosillo"


Herbert Binkert

Herbert Binkert (3 September 1923 – 4 January 2020) was a German football player and manager. He played as a forward. 

Binkert was born in Karlsruhe. He played internationally for Saarland from 1951 to 1956. Binkert is the joint top scorer for Saarland, with six goals. He played club football between 1942 and 1960, most notably for 1. FC Saarbrücken. He later managed football teams, including 1. FC Saarbrücken.

Binkert died on 4 January 2020 at the age of 96.

Júlio Castro Caldas

Júlio de Lemos de Castro Caldas (19 November 1943 – 4 January 2020) was a Portuguese lawyer and politician. He was elected to the Assembly of the Republic in 1980, serving until 1983. He later served as Minister of National Defence from 1999 to 2001. Castro Caldas was born in Lisbon.

Castro Caldas died on 4 January 2020 at the age of 76.

Zdravko Tomac

Zdravko Tomac (24 May 1937 – 4 January 2020) was a Croatian politician. He was born in Garčin. He was a member of the League of Communists until 1991, when he joined the Social Democratic Party (SDP). He served as an MP from 1995 to 2005. He left the SDP in 2003.

On 4 January 2020, Tomac died in Dubrava, Zagreb. He was 82.

Antoni Morell Mora

Antoni Morell Mora (14 December 1941 – 5 January 2020) was a Spanish-born Andorran diplomat, civil servant, writer and lawyer. Morell Mora was born in Barcelona. He served as Ambassador of Andorra to the Holy See from 2005 to 2010. He also held local government roles starting in the 1970s. He wrote a number of essays on topics such as sociology, geography and history.

On 5 January 2020, Morell Mora died of heart failure in Andorra la Vella. He was 78.

Prince Frederick of Great Britain

Prince Frederick (Frederick William; 13 May 1750 – 29 December 1765) was a member of the British Royal Family, a grandchild of George II and the youngest brother of King George III.

Socialist Studies

Socialist Studies is a British socialist political party started in 1991. It is opposed to all wars. It is opposed to the former Soviet Union.

Islam in Delhi

Delhi has the second largest Muslim population (12.86%) within Delhi State. Muhammad Ghori invaded India in 1175 A.D. After the conquest of Multan and Punjab, he advanced towards Delhi. The Rajput chiefs of northern India headed by Prithvi Raj Chauhan defeated him in the First Battle of Terrain in 1191 A.D. After about a year, Muhammad Ghori came again to avenge his defeat. A furious battle was fought again in Terrain in 1192 A.D. in which the Rajputs were defeated and Prithvi Raj Chauhan was captured and put to death. The Second Battle of Terrain, however, proved to be a decisive battle that laid the foundations of Muslim rule in Northern India. Ghori built many mosques and libraries after laying Muslim rule in India. The period between 1206 A.D. and 1526 A.D. in India's history is known as the Delhi Sultanate period. During this period of over three hundred years, five dynasties ruled in Delhi. These were: the Slave dynasty (1206-90), Khilji dynasty (1290-1320), Tughlaq dynasty (1320-1413), Sayyid dynasty (1414-51), and Lodhi dynasty (1451-1526).The Delhi Sultanate was an Islamic empire based in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years (1206–1526). Five dynasties ruled over the Delhi Sultanate sequentially: the Mamluk/Slave dynasty (1206–1290), the Khalji dynasty (1290–1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320–1414), the Sayyid dynasty (1414–1451), and the Lodi dynasty (1451–1526). It covered large swathes of territory in modern-day India, Pakistan, Bangladesh as well as some parts of southern Nepal.

As a successor to the Ghurid dynasty, the Delhi Sultanate was originally one among a number of principalities ruled by the Turkic slave-generals of Muhammad Ghori (who had conquered large parts of Northern India), including Yildiz, Aibek and Qubacha, that had inherited and divided the Ghurid territories amongst themselves. After a long period of infighting, the Mamluks were overthrown in the Khalji revolution which marked the transfer of power from the Turks to a heterogeneous Indo-Muslim nobility. Both of the resulting Khalji and Tughlaq dynasties respectively saw a new wave of rapid Muslim conquests deep into South India. The sultanate finally reached the peak of its geographical reach during the Tughlaq dynasty, occupying most of the Indian subcontinent. This was followed by decline due to Hindu reconquests, Hindu kingdoms such as the Vijayanagara Empire and Mewar asserting independence, and new Muslim sultanates such as the Bengal Sultanate breaking off. In 1526, the Sultanate was conquered and succeeded by the Mughal Empire.

The sultanate is noted for its integration of the Indian subcontinent into a global cosmopolitan culture (as seen concretely in the development of the Hindustani language and Indo-Islamic architecture), being one of the few powers to repel attacks by the Mongols (from the Chagatai Khanate) and for enthroning one of the few female rulers in Islamic history, Razia Sultana, who reigned from 1236 to 1240. Bakhtiyar Khalji's annexations were responsible for the large-scale desecration of Hindu and Buddhist temples (leading to the decline of Buddhism in East India and Bengal), and the destruction of universities and libraries. Mongolian raids on West and Central Asia set the scene for centuries of migration of fleeing soldiers, intelligentsia, mystics, traders, artists, and artisans from those regions into the subcontinent, thereby establishing Islamic culture in India and the rest of the region.

Knox County, Indiana

Knox County is a county in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of 2020, 36,282 people lived there. The county seat is Vincennes.

La Feria, Texas

La Feria is a city of Texas in the United States.

Iglesia Antigua, Texas

Iglesia Antigua is a census-designated place (CDP) of Cameron County in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bishop, Texas

Bishop is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Orange Cove, California

Orange Cove is a city of Fresno County, in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, 9,649 people lived there.


Saint-Julien-en-Genevois

Saint-Julien-en-Genevois is a commune. It is in the French department of Haute-Savoie.

Alexander Frater

Alexander Russell Frater (3 January 1937 – 1 January 2020) was a British-Australian travel writer and journalist. He was known as 'the funniest man who wrote for "Punch" since the war'. Frater was best known for his books and for documentaries he wrote and produced for the BBC and ABC.

John Baldessari

John Anthony Baldessari (June 17, 1931 – January 2, 2020) was an American conceptual artist. He was known for his work around found photography and appropriated images. 

In 1970 he began working in printmaking and photography. He created thousands of works which showed the power of language. His art has been featured in more than 200 solo exhibitions in the U.S. and Europe. 


Lorenza Mazzetti

Lorenza Mazzetti (26 July 1927 – 4 January 2020) was an Italian movie director, novelist, photographer and painter. She was born in Florence, Tuscany. She directed the movie "Together" (1956) movie.

Mazzetti died on 4 January 2020 in Rome at the age of 92.




K. S. S. Nambooripad

K. S. S. Nambooripad (6 April 1935 – 4 January 2020) was an Indian mathematician. His works were related to the structure theory of regular semigroups. Nambooripad was also important in popularising the TeX software in India. He helped create the free software movement in India.

He was with the Department of Mathematics, University of Kerala, beginning in 1976. He was the Department Head from 1983 until his retirement from University service in 1995.

Nambooripad died on 4 January 2020 at his home in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala at the age of 84.

T. N. Chaturvedi

Triloki Nath Chaturvedi (18 January 1929 – 5 January 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in Kannauj, Uttar Pradesh. From 1984 through 1989, he was the Comptroller and Auditor General. In 2002, he became the Governor of Karnataka and left office in 2007. In 2004, he was the Governor of Kerala. 

He was an unsuccessful candidate for President of India in 2017.

Chaturvedi died on 5 January 2020 while on his way to the hospital in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, of a heart attack, aged 90.

Quds Force

The Quds Force is a military unit in Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). The purpose of this is to provide the country's law enforcement. It was founded by Qasem Soleimani, in 1988. Prior to becoming an independent military unit, the Quds Force was a special intelligence unit for the military organization Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The main goal of the Quds Force was to fight against the Iran-Iraq War. It has also been stopping ISIS from invading Iran.

Since 2007, United States of America marked the Quds Force as a terrorist group. Similiarly, Canada marked the Quds Force as a terrorist group too in 2012. Egypt has also included Quds Force as a terrorist group. Israel marked the Quds Force as a terrorist organization in March 2015.

Soleimani was in charge of the group until he was killed by a U.S. drone strike at Baghdad International Airport on 3 January 2020. Brigadier General Esmail Qaani was appointed as commander of the Quds Force on the same day.

 

Anri Jergenia

Anri Mikhail-ipa Jergenia (; 8 August 1941 – 5 January 2020) was an Abkhazian politician. From June 2001 to November 2002 he was the Prime Minister. He was a presidential candidate for the 2004 election. He was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR. He was a member of the Amtsakhara.

Jergenia died in Moscow on 5 January 2020 at the age of 78.

Woking F.C.

Woking Football Club is a football club which plays in Woking, Surrey, England.

Clovis, California

Clovis is a city of Fresno County, in the U.S. state of California. In 2020, 120,124 people lived there. This is up from 95,631 people in 2010.

Gustine, California

Gustine is a city of Merced County, in the U.S. state of California. It is found west of Merced. In 2020, 6,110 people lived there.

Yukiko Miyake

Yukiko Miyake (三宅 雪子, "Miyake Yukiko"; March 5, 1965 – January 2, 2020) was a Japanese politician. She was in the Japanese House of Representatives from 2009 through 2012. Miyake was a member of the Democratic Party of Japan. She was born in Washington, D.C.

On January 2, 2020, Miyake drowned herself at the Tokyo Bay at the age of 54.


Lina Medina

Lina Marcela Medina de Jurado (born 23 September 1933) is a Peruvian woman who became the youngest confirmed mother in history. In 1939, she gave birth at the age of five years, seven months and 21 days. Her son, Gerardo, was born via a caesarean section. Gerardo grew up healthy, and died of bone disease in 1979, aged 40. Medina never publicly revealed the father of her first child. She was less than five years old when she became pregnant. She is also believed to be the youngest documented case of precocious puberty, which is when puberty happens at a very early age.

Medina was born in Ticrapo, Castrovirreyna Province. She is married to Raúl Jurado, who fathered Medina's second son in 1972. As of 2002, she was living in Lima.

Louis Siminovitch

Louis Siminovitch, (May 15, 1920 – April 6, 2021) was a Canadian molecular biologist. He was a known figure in human genetics, researcher into the genetic basis of muscular dystrophy and cystic fibrosis, and helped create Ontario programs about roots of cancer.

Siminovitch was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied at Pasteur Institute in Paris and at McGill University. He joined the University of Toronto and worked there from 1956 to 1985. In 2012, he was made a member of the Order of Ontario. Siminovitch died on April 6, 2021 in Toronto, aged 100.


Muscular dystrophy

Muscular dystrophy (MD) is a group of muscle diseases that causes increasing weakening and breakdown of skeletal muscles over time. Many people will eventually become unable to walk. Some types are also associated with problems in other organs. 

The most common type is Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), which typically affects males beginning around the age of four. There is no cure for muscular dystrophy.

Duchenne muscular dystrophy

Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is a severe type of muscular dystrophy. The symptom of muscle weakness usually begins around the age of four in boys and worsens quickly. Most are unable to walk by the age of 12. Scoliosis is also common.

The disorder is X-linked recessive. About two thirds of cases are inherited from a person's mother, while one third of cases are due to a new mutation. It is caused by a mutation in the gene for the protein dystrophin.

Although there is no known cure, physical therapy, braces, and corrective surgery may help with some symptoms.

Bernice Falk Haydu

Bernice "Bee" Falk Haydu (December 15, 1920 – January 30, 2021) was an American aviator. She was a Women Airforce Service Pilot (WASP) in World War II. Haydu remained active in aviation and has been an activist for women pilots into her 90s. Haydu was born in Montclair, New Jersey.

From 1978 to 1980 she was president of Women Military Aviators. She was one of the three surviving WASPs present in the Oval Office in 2009, when Barack Obama awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the WASPs for their service.

Haydu turned 100 in December 2020. She died a month later on January 30, 2021.


Lorraine Rodgers

Lorraine Zillner Rodgers (September 11, 1920 – July 3, 2018) was a Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) pilot for the United States Army Air Forces.

Women Airforce Service Pilots

The Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) (also Women's Army Service Pilots or Women's Auxiliary Service Pilots) was a civilian women pilots' organization. 

Their members were United States federal civil service employees. 

Members of WASP became trained pilots who tested aircraft, ferried aircraft and trained other pilots. Their purpose was to free male pilots for combat roles during World War II. The WASP and its members had no military standing.

Charles Burrell (musician)

Charles "Charlie" Burrell (born October 4, 1920) is an American classical and jazz bass player. He is known for being the first African-American to be a member of a major American symphony (the Denver Symphony, now known as the Colorado Symphony). For this, he is often known as "the Jackie Robinson of Classical Music". He was born in Toledo, Ohio.




Kenneth McAlpine

Kenneth McAlpine, OBE DL (21 September 1920 – 8 April 2023) was a British racing driver. He was born in Cobham, Surrey. 

He participated in 7 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 19 July 1952. He scored no championship points.

During the development of the Connaught Racing Team based at Send in Surrey, McAlpine became a considerable financial backer and enjoyed several team owner triumphs including Tony Brooks's memorable F1 victory at Syracuse, Italy in 1955. 

McAlpine died on 8 April 2023, at the age of 102. 

Ted Knap

Ted Knap (born May 19, 1920) is an American journalist. Knap is best known for having been included on Nixon's enemies list despite his belief that "I thought Nixon, except for Watergate, was a good president". He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

In 1973, Knap began the weekly "White House Watch" column. He retired in 1985.

He was added into the Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame in 2007, the American Political Science Association (twice), the Marquette University By-Line Award, Sigma Delta Chi fraternity, and Indianapolis Press Club reporting awards.


Dante Exum

Dante Exum (born 13 July 1995) is an Australian professional basketball player. He plays the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Utah Jazz from 2014 to 2019. He was traded to the Cavaliers in 2019.

Exum was born in Melbourne, Victoria, to American parents. His father, Cecil, played college basketball at the University of North Carolina. Exum is a supporter of Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League.

Fossil water

Fossil water or palaeowater is an ancient body of water that has been kept in an undisturbed place. Usually it is groundwater in an aquifer. It may stay underground for millions of years. Other types of fossil water can include lakes under ice, such as Antarctica's Lake Vostok. The term may be used to describe ancient water on other planets.

UNESCO defines "fossil groundwater" as
"water that infiltrated usually millennia ago and often under climatic conditions different from the present, and that has been stored underground since that time".

Estimating the time since water infiltrated is done using isotopes. Some aquifers are hundreds of meters deep and underlie vast areas of land. Research techniques in the field are developing quickly and the scientific knowledge base is growing. For many aquifers, research is lacking or disputed as to the age of the water and the behaviour of the water inside the aquifer.

Yandex

Yandex N.V. (; ) is a Russian internet company and search engine. It is the most popular search engine in the Russian language. The website has gone through many changes like being just a searching browser, an entire email and becoming into a multi-service website. The company was originally founded in 2000 by Arkady Volozh but the website didn't start until 2006. Currently headquartered in Moscow, Russia.

Yandex runs Yandex Translate, a machine translation program. It uses computer software to translate text or speech from Russian into either English or Ukrainian or back. Yandex Translate started in 2011. The team that built it read thousands of documents and their translations and built a dictionary for Yandex Translate.

In 2020, the Mozilla Firefox web browser added a tool to that could translate webpages. That tool can use only Google Translate and Yandex Translate.


Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System

The Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System is said to be the world's largest known fossil water aquifer system. It is underground the Eastern end of the Sahara Desert. It spans the boundaries of four countries in north-eastern Africa north-western Sudan, north-eastern Chad, south-eastern Libya, and most of Egypt.

The Great Man-made River Project (GMMR) in Libya makes use of the system. It takes water from this aquifer, about 2.4 km of fresh water for drinking and agriculture each year. This system is mainly used to supply water to the Kufra oasis.

Walter Ormeño

José Francisco Walter Ormeño Arango (3 December 1926 – 4 January 2020) was a Peruvian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Ormeño was born in Lima. He played at club level for Universitario de Deportes, Huracán de Medellín, Mariscal Sucre, Boca Juniors, Rosario Central, Alianza Lima, América and Atlante. Ormeño also played for the Peruvian national team between 1949 and 1957. He played for his country at the 1949 South American Championship.

After retiring as a player, Ormeño worked for a number of clubs in Mexico. He died on 4 January 2020 in Mexico City. He was 93.

Dennis Brown

Dennis Emmanuel Brown CD (1 February 1957 – 1 July 1999) was a Jamaican reggae singer who was called as "The Crown Prince of Reggae" by Bob Marley.

Dennis Brown (disambiguation)

Dennis Brown (1957–1999) was a Jamaican reggae singer.

Dennis Brown may also refer to:



Nute Gunray

Nute Gunray is a fictional character in the Star Wars Universe. Gunray was a neimoidian politician who served as the Viceroy of the Trade Federation during their invasion of Naboo and later served as a prominent Separatist leader during the conflict known as the Clone Wars. Gunray appears in , and of the Star Wars Prequels Trilogy as well as in other media such as the Animated Television series.

The Invasion of Naboo was an event that took place 32 years before the events of . The Invasion began as a blockade around the planet, with Nute Gunray taking charge of the fleet, this blockade was set up in order to protest the taxation of trade routes by the new republic, however the real intention of the blockade was to stage a droid invasion of the planet so that Senator Palpatine (who was secretly controlling Nute Gunray as Darth Sidious) could gain sympathy in the Galactic Senate. After the Blockade was set up, the trade federation began sending Battle Droids down to the planets surface. This event was seen throughout .

The Republic sent Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi to negotiate with the Viceroy, Gunray assumed they had arrived to force a negotiation so, after consulting Darth Sidious, ordered their death. Droideka's were sent but the two Jedi were able to escape to the planet below were they witnesses the invasion first hand. Nute Gunray would later descend to the planet below of Naboo in an attempt to force the planet's queen Padmé Amidala into a deal, he would eventually be stopped.

Nute Gunray argues that everything he does is legal and he also states that he would not do anything without the approval of the senate, when saying this he is talking about the trade blockade, not the invasion. If proof could be shown to the senate that the trade federation had began an invasion of the planet, the republic would intervene, but the senate could not be convinced. Gunray and the trade federation had a presence in the senate and were even accused of taking part in bureaucracy.

Nute Gunray was under direct command of the Sith Lord Darth Sidious. This was the Sith alias of Senator Palpatine. Sidious commanded Gunray to invade Naboo. By creating an artificial conflict, Sidious could gain sympathy for Naboo in the senate. He could use this sympathy along with the Republic's lack of action to achieve the political position of Supreme Chancellor. Nute Gunray was just a pawn in Sidious' plan to achieve the position of supreme chancellor. By working as the necessary opposition, Gunray was not aware that this was his purpose but despite this Sidious was able to ascend to Supreme Chancellor and he would not be able to do this without Nute Gunray.

Nute Gunray was not fond of his Sith overlords. When Darth Sidious introduced Darth Maul in a hologram to Gunray, Gunray was not pleased and when the communication ended exclaimed "This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them!" referring to the two Sith. It is likely that Gunray disliked the Sith as he feared their power and they could threaten his position. Gunray also feared they could be too controlling.

Nute Gunray also knew the Sith Lord Darth Tyrannus was Sidious's second apprentice and played a large part in the separatist rebellion along with Gunray. They were seen together on Geonosis.

After the conflict on Naboo Nute Gunray along with others from the Trade Federation, Banking Clan, Techno Union and others form the Confederacy of Independent Systems (C.I.S.) the C.I.S. would be what fought against the Republic During the conflict known as The Clone Wars.

Gunray was the chairman of the separatist council and sat on it alongside others such as Count Dooku, the Corporate Alliance’s Passel Argente, the InterGalactic Banking Clan’s San Hill, the Commerce Guild’s Shu Mai, the Techno Union’s Wat Tambor, Poggle the Lesser of Geonosis, and Senators Po Nudo and Tikkes.

Nute Gunray was killed by Darth Vader under the orders of his new master Darth Sidious on Mustafar after Darth Sidious ordered the Separatist council move there as Sidious promised the war would soon be at an end.

"This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them!"

"What about the Senator from Naboo? Is she dead yet? I am not signing your treaty until I have her head on my desk!"

"She can't do that! Shoot her, or something!"

"She has disappeared, my lord. One Naboo cruiser got past the blockade."

"And the Jedi?"

"My lord, it's impossible to locate the ship. It's out of our range."

"Yes, of course. As you know, our blockade is perfectly legal and we'd be happy to receive the ambassadors."

"No need to report that to him until we have something to report!"

"My lord, is that, legal?"

"Ah, victory!"

"The war is over. Lord Sidious promised us peace. We only want..."

"Safe? Hum. Chancellor Palpatine managed to escape, General. Without Count Dooku, I have doubts about your ability to keep us safe."

Central retinal artery

The central retinal artery (retinal artery) is an artery in the back of the eye at the retina, where the fresh oxygenated blood is brought to the eye for it to use.

War Powers Resolution

The War Powers Resolution (also known as the War Powers Resolution of 1973 or the War Powers Act) (50 U.S.C. 1541–1548) is a federal law planned to check the U.S. president's power to commit the United States to an armed conflict without the approval of the U.S. Congress. 

The resolution was adopted in the form of a United States congressional joint resolution. It says that the president can send the U.S. Armed Forces into action abroad only by declaration of war by Congress.

Mike Fitzpatrick

Michael Gerard Fitzpatrick (June 28, 1963 – January 6, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, representing from 2005 to 2007 and 2011 to 2017. 

After loosing his re-election bid in 2006, he was re-elected in 2010, 2012 and 2014. He was a supporter of term limits and did not seek re-election in 2016 and retired in 2017. 

He had a moderate conservative position, and ranked among the most bipartisan members of Congress.

Fitzpatrick was diagnosed with colon cancer in June 2008. He reported five months later that the cancer went into remission after chemotherapy. In 2016, he had surgery after the cancer returned and continued to have the disease until his death.

Fitzpatrick died in Levittown, Pennsylvania on January 6, 2020 from melanoma at the age of 56.

Levittown, Pennsylvania

Levittown is a census-designated place (CDP) and planned community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States, within the Philadelphia metropolitan area. The population was 52,699 at the 2020 census.

Chicago Seven

The Chicago Seven (originally Chicago Eight, also Conspiracy Eight/Conspiracy Seven) were seven defendants charged by the federal government with conspiracy, causing a riot, and other charges related to anti-Vietnam War and countercultural protests that took place in Chicago, Illinois. 

They were also responsible for the massive violent protest at the 1968 Democratic National Convention. 

The Chicago Seven were:
Bobby Seale, the eighth man charged, had his trial end during the proceedings, lowering the number of defendants from eight to seven.

The trial resulted in five of the seven convicted for creating riots. All were acquitted of conspiracy. However, during the trial, Judge Julius Hoffman sentenced all of the defendants to lengthy sentences for Contempt of court. Later, the judge's contempt charges were reversed, and all of the convictions for causing riots were overturned.


Poets' Corner

Poets' Corner is an area in the south transept of Westminster Abbey. Over the years, many people have been buried in this corner. They have been buried here in recognition of their contributions to British culture. Most are poets, playwrights, and writers. The first interred in the corner was Geoffrey Chaucer in 1556. When Edmund Spenser was buried nearby, the tradition of burying literary notables in the corner was established. The most recent memorial (6 December 2011) was that of Poet Laureate Ted Hughes. Writer C. S. Lewis will be the next to be commemorated on 22 November 2013, the fiftieth anniversary of his death. Burial in Poet's Corner is not automatic following death. Lord Byron died in 1824, for example, but a memorial in the corner was not raised to him until 1969. 

Indian National Army

The Indian National Army was the army of Azad Hind. Azad Hind was a state that existed on the territory which would later become India, Pakistan, and Myanmar. During the Second World War, they fought in what is known as Burma campaign today. After the war, Azad Hind was disbanded, and with it, the Indian National Army. The Indian National Army was the brainchild of and 

Charles Ebbets

Charles Clyde Ebbets was an American photographer who is credited with having taken the iconic photograph "Lunch atop a Skyscraper". He was born on August 18, 1905 in Alabama. He got his first camera, a Kodak Brownie when he was 8 years old. The family was struggling so he left school in 10th grade to work for the newspaper in the city. It was then he decided to work toward the idea of making a living from taking pictures.


Lorüns

Lorüns is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Blons

Blons is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Brand, Vorarlberg

Brand is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Bregenz (district)

The Bregenz District is a district in Vorarlberg, Austria. It has an area of 863.37 km². As of 2012, 130,425 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Bregenz.

It is in the Bregenz Forest region, the Leiblach valley, and the Austrian part of Lake Constance.

The district has 40 municipalities, one of them is a town, and four are market towns.




Dornbirn (district)

The Dornbirn District is a district in Vorarlberg, Austria. It has an area of 172.7 km². As of 2012, 82,721 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Dornbirn.

The district has three municipalities, two of which (Dornbirn and Hohenems) are towns, the third (Lustenau) being the largest market town in Austria. Hohenems is the youngest town in Vorarlberg to have received town privileges (in 1983).



EVO Smart Console

EVO Smart Console (originally called Evo: Phase One) is a media PC and seventh generation era video game console made by Envizions. The beta, called "EVO: Phase One", came out on October 20, 2006, and the final version came out on November 20, 2008.

The system uses Linux software, which is based on the Fedora operating system. The system came with three games: "SuperTux", "Kobo Deluxe" and "Kid Destiny". The system has high definition (HD), can access the Internet, and can run games for Windows. It also has a 120 GB hard drive and 2 GB RAM.

The final name of the system is "EVO Smart Console". It came out for developers on November 20, 2008, and cost $250. It had Amiga-based games, and an Akimbo-based video on demand service. It also had a larger, 250 GB hard drive, 1080p resolution, and its own Fedora-based Linux operating system, which was known as "Mirrors Evolution". There is open source code for developers to make games for Linux.





The EVO 2 is a cancelled video game console Envizions first talked about in a press release on January 9, 2011 under the name "GameBox". It was revealed on May 25, 2011, along with specifications, images, and a new name. It was supposed to come out in fall 2011. Their website previously said the console would ship in 2012.


On November 28, 2012, Envizions CEO Derrick Samuels announced a new Android console, "Oton", from his new startup company, which was called 'EnGeniux'. This stopped the EVO 2 from being made.

, Envizions said it was making the "EVO 2 DX", a gaming PC that was going to be able to run both Windows and Android. It was thought it would be able to play Android games using motion gestures, and have a version that would be able to play Blu-ray Discs.


As of when the EVO 2 was cancelled, it is not known what is happening with the EVO 2 DX.

Feldkirch (district)

The Feldkirch District is a district in Vorarlberg, Austria. It has an area of 278.26 km². As of 2012, 100,656 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Feldkirch.

The district is has 24 municipalities, one of them is a town, and three of them are market towns.




Klösterle, Austria

Klösterle is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Korean New Year

Korean New Year () is the first day of the Chinese lunisolar calendar.It is one of the most important traditional Korean holidays which orginated from China. The celebration usually lasts three days: the day before Korean New Year, Korean New Year itself, and the day after Korean New Year. During this time, many Koreans visit family, perform ancestral rites, wear "hanbok"(한복), eat traditional food, and play folk games. Additionally, children often receive money from their elders after performing a formal bow (originated from Chinese HongBao). Most celebrations can be dated back to ancient China because Korea was a dependent country of China. Therefore, a lot of celebrations were strongly correlated to the traditional Chinese culture.

Korean New Year generally occurs in January or February on the second new moon after the winter solstice, unless there is a intercalary eleventh or twelfth month in the lead-up to the New Year. In such a case, the New Year falls on the third new moon after the solstice. Korean New Year typically falls on the same day as Chinese New Year.

Burnett County, Wisconsin

Burnett County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 16,526 people lived there. The county seat is Siren.

Calumet County, Wisconsin

Caulmet County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 52,442 people lived there. The county seat is Chilton.

Chippewa County, Wisconsin

Chippewa County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 66,297 people lived there. The county seat is Chippewa Falls.

Crawford County, Wisconsin

Crawford County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 16,113 people lived there. The county seat is Prairie du Chien. 

Door County, Wisconsin

Door County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 30,066 people lived there. The county seat is Sturgeon Bay. 

Douglas County, Wisconsin

Douglas County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 44,295 people lived there. The county seat is Superior.

Phrygian cap

The Phrygian cap () or liberty cap is a soft cap, in the shape of a cone, with the apex bent over, which people in antiquity thought had to do with many different peoples in Eastern Europe and Anatolia, including Phrygia, Dacia, and the Balkans. During the French Revolution it came to mean freedom and the pursuit of liberty, but Phrygian caps did not originally have this meaning. The original cap of liberty was the Roman "pileus", the felt cap of freed slaves of ancient Rome, which also had to do with Libertas, the Roman goddess of liberty. In the 16th century, the Roman icons of liberty were used again in emblem books and coin studying handbooks where the figure of Libertas is usually shown with a "pileus". The most common use of a headgear as a symbol of freedom in the first two centuries after the Roman iconography was commonly used again was in the Netherlands, where the cap of liberty was used in the form of a hat of that time. In the 18th century, the traditional liberty cap was often used in English prints and from 1789 on in French prints, too; but it was not until the early 1790s, that the French cap of liberty was most often used in the Phrygian form.

It is used in the coats of arms of some republics in the place where in a monarchy a crown would be used. It thus came to be identified as a symbol of the republican form of government. A number of national personifications, most commonly France's Marianne, are usually depicted wearing the Phrygian cap. 

Jack Frost

Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, GC QPM, unnamed to Jack Frost, is a fictional detector from the BBC detective series "A Touch of Frost", played by David Jason and created by RD Wingfield characterised as sloppy, untidy, hopeless with paperwork but unmatched at solving mysteries.

FreeSpace 2

FreeSpace 2 is a space combat simulator video game created by the company Volition Inc. and released in 1999 by Interplay. The game received positive feedback from many reviewers, but did not manage to sell well. It has been described by some critics as an unfairly overlooked game.

Rekt Galaxies

Rekt Galaxies is a modification for the game "FreeSpace 2". It is anything but a "Mortal Engines" videogame.

In the game set in the same universe as the "Mortal Engines" film, you fly as a pilot for the Ancients and Vasudans fighting for the very survival against numerous threats, such as the Cylon Empire and various alien menaces.

Boolean expression

In computer science, a Boolean expression is an expression used in programming languages that produces either true or false when evaluated.
Boolean expressions are often used by conditionals in computer programs to decide which code to run.

Most Boolean expressions will contain at least one variable (), and often more () so that the expression can be useful for various values of X and Y.

Boolean operators may be represented by words such as
OR, AND and "NOT".

Some programming languages use symbols such as
"||" (double pipe character) for OR, "&&" (double ampersand) for AND, and "!" for NOT.
Other programming languages may use other symbols.

Other Boolean operators may be available, too, for example XOR (exclusive OR).

Boolean expressions can also be represented as Logic gates in electronic circuit diagrams.

See Truth tables for a summary of the effects of common Boolean operators.




Dunn County, Wisconsin

Dunn County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 45,440 people lived there. The county seat is Menomonie.

Florence County, Wisconsin

Florence County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 4,558 people lived there. The county seat is Florence. 

Forest County, Wisconsin

Forest County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 9,179 people lived there. The county seat is Crandon. 

Iron County, Wisconsin

Iron County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 6,137 people lived there. The county seat is Hurley. 

Ludesch

Ludesch is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Jackson County, Wisconsin

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 21,145 people lived there. The county seat is Black River Falls. 

Lech am Arlberg

Lech am Arlberg is a mountain village and a ski resort in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Nüziders

Nüziders is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Sankt Gerold

Sankt Gerold is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Silbertal

Silbertal is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Stallehr

Stallehr is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Kitzbühel District

The Kitzbühel District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It borders Bavaria (Germany) in the north, the Kufstein and Schwaz districts in the west, and the Pinzgau region (Salzburg) in the east and south.

It has an area of 1,163.06 km². As of 2012, 61,966 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Kitzbühel.

The district has 20 municipalities, one of them is a town, and three of them are market towns.




Thüringen, Austria

Thüringen is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Mäder

Mäder is a municipality in the district of Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Schruns

Schruns is a market town in the Montafon valley in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Leonard Boyarsky

Leonard Boyarsky is an American game designer and visual artist. He is most well-known for being a lead designer of "Fallout" and "Diablo III". He was worked at Interplay Entertainment and Obsidian Entertainment.

Thüringerberg

Thüringerberg is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Vandans

Vandans is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Gaschurn

Gaschurn is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Tschagguns

Tschagguns is a municipality in the Montafon valley in the Bludenz district in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. Tschagguns offers skiing with its own ski resort called Golm. Tschagguns offers hiking, mountain biking, winter sports and much more. Gauertal is a valley found in Tschagguns between Mittagspitze and Golm. It is famous for the "3 Türme" which means 3 Towers.


Hohenems

Hohenems is a town in the district of Dornbirn in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It has about 15,200 people lived there that makes it the fifth largest municipality in Vorarlberg.


Andelsbuch

Andelsbuch is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Fayette County, Indiana

Fayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 23,398 people lived there. The county seat and only incorporated town is Connersville.

Kerens, Texas

Kerens is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

88 (number)

Eighty-eight is a number. It comes between eighty-seven and eighty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, 11, 22, 44, and 88 in the way roman write numbers is LXXXVIII.

Wolfurt

Wolfurt is a market town in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Gaißau

Gaißau is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Angels (TV series)

Angels is a British television seasonal drama series about student nurses. It was broadcast by the BBC between 1975 and 1983. It was described as the ""Z-Cars" of nursing".

From 1979 the show changed to a seasonal twice-weekly soap opera format.

The show's title came from the name of the hospital where the first series was set. This was St. Angela's in Battersea. In the 1980s this was changed to Heath Green Hospital in Birmingham. The series was devised by Paula Milne. Early producers included Morris Barry and Ron Craddock. The first episode was directed by Julia Smith. She became the show's producer in 1979. Her script editor on the later series was Tony Holland. Filming took place at St James' Hospital in Balham, London. This has since been demolished. Location filming for the fictional Heath Green Hospital took place at Walsgrave Hospital in Coventry. This has since been demolished and replaced by University Hospital Coventry.

Julia Smith enlisted Tony Holland as the "Angels" script editor after the show became a twice-weekly soap. In the 1980s Smith and Holland created "EastEnders". Writers on its first series included Jill Hyem, Anne Valery and Adele Rose. Hyem and Valery later co-wrote "Tenko".

The series included some young actors who would later become better known. These include Fiona Fullerton, Érin Geraghty, Lesley Dunlop, Julie Dawn Cole, Angela Bruce, Clare Clifford and Pauline Quirke. Additionally, Kathryn Apanowicz, Shirley Cheriton and Judith Jacob all later appeared in "EastEnders". Mamta Kaash played a key role in the hospital drama "Casualty".

The guitar-driven theme tune, similar to American police dramas of the time, was called "Motivation". It was composed and performed by Alan Parker.

"Angels", tackled issues such as contraception, alcoholism and promiscuity as part of the nurses' lives. "Angels" received criticism for its unglamorous depiction of the nursing profession. "Angels" tried to be realistic and authentic. Each actress was required to work on a real hospital ward to gain experience.

Some TV tie-in novels were published to coincide with the series.

On 18 March 2013 Simply Media released the Series 1 (fifteen episodes) of "Angels" on DVD. Series 2 was released in September 2014.


Tommy Docherty

Thomas Henderson Docherty (24 April 1928 – 31 December 2020), commonly known as The Doc, was a Scottish football player and manager. He played as a right half.

Docherty was born in Gorbals, Glasgow. He played for Celtic, Preston North End, Arsenal and Chelsea. He also played for Scotland 25 times between 1951 and 1959. He then managed many clubs between 1961 and 1988. He also managed Scotland during that time. He managed Chelsea to the Football League Cup in 1964–65. Docherty was manager of Manchester United between 1972 and 1977. In 1974, the club was relegated to the Second Division but were promoted the next season. He also won the FA Cup with Manchester United in 1976–77.

Docherty died on 31 December 2020, aged 92.

Preston North End

Chelsea

Manchester United

Scotland


White Palace (movie)

White Palace is a 1990 erotic romantic-drama movie directed by Luis Mandoki and starring Susan Sarandon, James Spader, Jason Alexander, Kathy Bates, Steven Hill, Jeremy Piven, Renee Taylor and Jennifer Aniston. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Ben Simmons

Benjamin David Simmons (born 20 July 1996) is an Australian professional basketball player. He plays for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He also played college basketball for one season with the Louisiana State University (LSU) Tigers. He was chosen with the first overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft by the 76ers. In 2018, he was named the NBA Rookie of the Year. He was given his first All-Star selection in 2019.

Simmons was born in Fitzroy, Melbourne, Victoria. His father, Dave, is an American-born naturalised Australian former basketball player.

Khamis Al-Owairan

Khamis Al-Owairan Al-Dosari (‎; 8 September 1973 – 7 January 2020) was a Saudi Arabian footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Al-Dosari was born in Riyadh. He played most of his career for Al-Hilal and Al-Ittihad. He also played for the Saudi Arabia national team and was a squad member at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 1998 and 2002 FIFA World Cup.

Al-Dosari died of brain cancer on 7 January 2020. He was 46.

Rosena Allin-Khan

Rosena Chantelle Allin-Khan (born 10 May 1978) is a British politician and medical doctor. 

She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tooting since a by-election in 2016. She was a Shadow Minister for Sport from October 2016 to January 2020.

In January 2020, Allin-Khan announced her candidacy for Labour Deputy Leader in the 2020 deputy leadership election. It was revealed that she had finished as the runner-up (second place) of five candidates with 26.1% of the vote in the final round of voting when the results were announced on 4 April 2020.

Allin-Khan left the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer on 4 September 2023. She criticised Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting's support having more private businesses involved in the National Health Service (NHS). She also said that Starmer did "not see a space for a mental health portfolio in a Labour cabinet".

Know Your Meme

Know Your Meme (KYM) is a website and video series where various Internet memes and other online phenomena are documented, such as viral videos, image macros, catchphrases, internet celebrities and more. It also investigates new and changing memes through research, as it commercializes on the culture. Originally produced by Rocketboom, the website was acquired in March 2011 by Cheezburger Network, which, in 2016, was acquired by Literally Media. Know Your Meme includes sections for confirmed, submitted, deadpooled (rejected or incompletely documented), researching, and popular memes.

Reuben Hersh

Reuben Hersh (December 9, 1927 – January 3, 2020) was an American mathematician and academic. He was best known for his writings on the nature, practice, and social impact of mathematics. He was born in New York City. Hersh wrote a number of technical articles on partial differential equations, probability, random evolutions (example), and linear operator equations. 

He was the co-author of four articles in "Scientific American", and 12 articles in the "Mathematical Intelligencer". Hersh was best known as the co-author with Philip J. Davis of "The Mathematical Experience" (1981), which won a National Book Award in Science.

Hersh died on January 3, 2020 in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 92.


Larry Gogan

Lorcan 'Larry' Gogan (6 May 1938 – 7 January 2020) was an Irish broadcaster. He worked for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). 

He was a disc jockey on RTÉ Gold having worked on RTÉ 2fm. His show was "The Golden Hour ", during which Larry played old classic songs.

4. Larry Gogan's Wiki 

Ahivarn

Maharaja Ahibaran was the 12th century ancestor King of Baranshahr (Bulandshahr). Originated from Baran,rajasthan .The Modi/Barnwal and Rajvanshi communities claim descent from him. Ahibaran was a Sooryavanshi kshatriya, He is credited with the establishment of a kingdom of traders in North India.

Widows (2018 movie)

Widows is a 2018 heist movie directed by Steve McQueen.

The movie is about four Chicago women who tried to steal $5 million from the home of a local politician in order to pay back a crime boss from whom $2 million was stolen by the women's husbands before they were killed in a botched getaway attempt.

It stars Viola Davis, Michelle Rodriguez, Elizabeth Debicki, Cynthia Erivo, Colin Farrell, Brian Tyree Henry, Daniel Kaluuya, Jacki Weaver, Carrie Coon, Robert Duvall, and Liam Neeson.

"Widows" was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on November 6, 2018 and in the United States on November 16, by 20th Century Fox. The movie had strong positive reviews.

Second-wave feminism

Second-wave feminism started in the 1960s in the United States. It lasted for roughly two decades. During first-wave feminism, women wanted to get the right to vote in elections and to be treated equally to men when it comes to owning and inheriting property. Second-wave feminism focused more on issues of sexuality (sex education, contraception, abortion, family planning) and violence directed against women (domestic violence, rape, and women's shelters). In many countries, there were also changes to the laws about divorce. 

It was a reaction to women returning to their roles as housewives and mothers after the end of the Second World War. The men that had to leave the workforce to join the defence forces had returned and women were fired from their positions and replaced by men. This movement was initially concentrated in the United States of America and then spread to other Western countries. This movement was triggered by the publishing of Betty Friedan’s book, "The Feminine Mystique", a renowned feminist text credited for daring to break social conventions about the portrayal of women. Friedan was inspired by Simone de Beauvoir’s book, "The Second Sex", first published in Paris in 1949. 

In the 1980s, there were disputes among different feminist groups (known as feminist sex wars), over issues of sexuality and pornography. These disputes started the "third-wave feminism" in the early 1990s.

American Academy of Arts and Letters

The American Academy of Arts and Letters is a 250-member honor society. Its goal is to support excellence in American literature, music, and art. It is in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City. It is in Audubon Terrace on Broadway between West 155th and 156th Streets, with the Hispanic Society of America and Boricua College.

The academy's galleries are open to the public. Exhibits include paintings, sculptures, photographs and works on paper from contemporary artists chosen by its members. Also works by newly elected members and award winners are shown. A permanent exhibit of the recreated studio of composer Charles Ives was opened in 2014.

Musicians and engineers like to record live there because the acoustics are among the city's finest. Hundreds of commercial recordings have been made there.

Members are chosen for life. They have been some of the leading people in American art. Members are in committees that give annual prizes to help new artists.

Women were not elected to membership in the early years. In 1908, poet Julia Ward Howe was elected to the AAA, becoming the first female member.
This is a list of some past members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and the National Institute and Academy of Arts and Letters:


Martin Bundi

Martin Bundi (19 October 1932 – 1 January 2020) was a Swiss historian and politician. He was a longtime member of the Social Democratic Party. He was a member of the member of the National Council from 1975 to 1995. He was also the National Council's president from 1985 to 1986. 

Bundi was born in Sagogn. He was married with five children. He died on 1 January 2020 in Chur at the age of 87.

Fermi-Dirac statistics

Fermi-Dirac statistics is a branch of quantum statistics. It is named after Enrico Fermi and Paul Dirac. It is used to describe the macroscopic state of a system which is made of many simliar particles (Fermions). One example is to describe the state of electrons in metals and semimetals, to describe electrical conductivity.

Fermi-Dirac statistics makes the following assumptions:
The Fermi distribution tells with what probability, a Fermi gas, at a given temperature and energy level, will have a particle in the given state.

Charles Fletcher Lummis

Charles Fletcher Lummis (March 1, 1859, in Lynn, Massachusetts – November 25, 1928, in Los Angeles, California) was a United States journalist, and an activist for Indian rights and historic preservation.

Ball valve

A ball valve is a kind of valve that has a ball in it, and the ball has a hole in the middle.

When the valve handle turns one way, the hole opens up the valve and water or gas can go through.

When the valve handle turns the other way, the ball blocks the water or gas, and the valve is closed.

Alberschwende

Alberschwende is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Bezau

Bezau is a market town in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is in the Bregenz Forest.


Bildstein

Bildstein is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Bizau

Bizau is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Buch, Austria

Buch is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Riefensberg

Riefensberg is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Hittisau

Hittisau is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Innsbruck-Land District

The Innsbruck-Land District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It encloses the statutory city Innsbruck, and borders Bavaria (Germany) in the north, the district Schwaz in the east, South Tyrol in Italy to the south, and the district of Imst in the west.

It has an area of 1,990.17 km². As of 2021, 181,698 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Innsbruck.

The municipalities of the district:

Eichenberg, Austria

Eichenberg (Low Alemannic: "Oachebearg") is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Traiskirchen

Traiskirchen is a town of the district Baden in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.


Hard, Austria

Hard is a town in the westernmost Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It lies on the southern shore of Lake Constance.


Lauterach

Lauterach is a market town in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of 1 January 2019, it has about 10,200 people lived there.

The market town is in the northern part of the Vorarlberg Rhine Valley between Bregenz and Dornbirn.


Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim

Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim, TI (Urdu: فخر الدين جى ابراهيم; 12 February 1928 – 7 January 2020) was a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was born in Ahmedabad, Bombay Presidency, British India. 

He was the 24th Chief Election Commissioner of Pakistan on 14 July 2012 and resigned on 31 July 2013. From 1989 through 1990, he was the 18th Governor of Sindh Province. Before, he was the 2nd Attorney General of Pakistan from 1971 through 1977. 

Ebrahim died on 7 January 2020 at his home in Karachi at the age of 91.

Doren

Doren is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is in the northwest of the Bregenz Forest.


Stretford

Stretford is a town in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.


Au, Vorarlberg

Au is a municipality in the Bregenz Forest in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is part of the district of Bregenz.

Kennelbach

Kennelbach is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

As of 2016, it is the operational headquarters of the sporting goods manufacturer Head, along with Amsterdam, the corporate headquarters.



Aleksandr Shirvindt

Alexander Anatolyevich Shirvindt (, born July 19, 1934 - March 15, 2024) is a Soviet-Russian actor and screenwriter. He was honored with the People's Artist and Meritorious Artist of the RSFSR. He was born in Moscow. He appeared in "Grandads-Robbers" (1971), "The Irony of Fate" (1975), "The Twelve Chairs" (1976), "Three Men in a Boat" (1979), "Station for Two" (1982) and "The Irony of Fate 2" (2007). 

He voiced Aramis in "Dog in Boots" movie.

Rankweil

Rankweil is a market town in the district of Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is the second largest town in the district of Feldkirch and the eighth largest town in Vorarlberg.

Beverage company Rauch is headquartered in Rankweil.


Russell Bannock

Russell William Bannock (born Bahnuk; November 1, 1919 – January 4, 2020) was a Canadian Air Force fighter ace during the Second World War. He was a chief test pilot for de Havilland Canada. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta. 

In 2011, he was made a member of the Order of Ontario "for his contributions to the aerospace industry".

Bannock died on January 4, 2020 at the age of 100.


Monarchy of Canada

The monarchy of Canada is at the main figure of Canada's constitutional federal structure and Westminster-style parliamentary democracy.

The monarchy is in charge of the executive (King-in-Council), legislative (King-in-Parliament), and judicial (King-on-the-Bench) branches of both federal and provincial jurisdictions.

The current Canadian monarch and head of state is King Charles III, who has reigned since 8 September 2022. Charles' eldest son, Prince William, Duke of Cornwall and Cambridge, is heir apparent.

Hohenweiler

Hohenweiler is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

NPC (meme)

NPC is a meme. NPC is sometimes called NPC Wojak. The NPC meme is normally used to express that people who like the political left do not think for themselves.
The NPC meme looks similar to the Wojak meme. 
The NPC meme was made in July 2016 by an unknown person. 
The first NPC meme was uploaded to the website 4chan, and the idea behind the meme was explained there. 
The NPC meme is famous, and has been shown on many news websites, for example on The New York Times, The Verge, BBC and Breitbart News Network.

Fußach

Fußach is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Höchst, Austria

Höchst is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Egg, Austria

Egg is a municipality in the Bregenz Forest in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is part of the district of Bregenz.

In 1894, the Brauerei Egg was founded in Egg. By now, it is the only brewery left in the Bregenz Forest.

The Egg Museum is a regional museum that was founded in 1904.



The Darling Buds of May

The Darling Buds of May is an English comedy drama television series. It was produced by Yorkshire Television & channelled and networked by ITV from 7 April 1991 to 4 April 1993. It stars Pam Ferris, David Jason, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Philip Franks, Rachel Bell, Moray Watson, Kika Mirvlees & Susie Blake.

A Touch of Frost

A Touch of Frost is a British television detective series. It was produced by Yorkshire Television (later ITV Studios) for ITV from 6 December 1992 until 5 April 2010. It was initially based on the "Frost" novels by R.D. Wingfield. Writing credit for the three episodes in the first 1992 series went to Richard Harris.

Götzis

Götzis is a market town in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Frastanz

Frastanz is a market town in the district of Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It used to be known for its production of tobacco.

In ancient times, Frastanz was found on a Roman Road. It was also the site of the Battle of Frastanz in 1499.


La Crosse County, Wisconsin

La Crosse County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 120,784 people lived there. The county seat is La Crosse.

Hörbranz

Hörbranz is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of 2019, 6,395 people lived there.


Langen bei Bregenz

Langen bei Bregenz is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Langenegg

Langenegg is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is in the Bregenz Forest.

Imst

Imst is a town in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the capital of the district of Imst. As of 1 January 2019, 10,628 people lived there.

It is on the river Inn in western Tyrol, and is about west of Innsbruck.


Lingenau

Lingenau is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Elizabeth Wurtzel

Elizabeth Lee Wurtzel (July 31, 1967 – January 7, 2020) was an American feminist writer, essayist and journalist. She was known for publishing her best-selling memoir "Prozac Nation", at the age of 27. Wurtzel wrote regularly for "The Wall Street Journal."

She was played by Christina Ricci in a movie based on her memoir in 2001.

Wurtzel was born in New York City. She had a BA in comparative literature from Harvard College and a JD from Yale Law School. In 2015, she married James Freed.

In February 2015, Wurtzel was diagnosed with breast cancer. She had a double mastectomy. Wurtzel died of meningitis caused by the cancer in New York City on January 7, 2020, aged 52.


Mellau

Mellau is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is in the Bregenz Forest.


Möggers

Möggers is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Still Open All Hours

Still Open All Hours is a British sitcom created for the BBC by Roy Clarke, and starring David Jason and James Baxter. It is the sequel to the sitcom "Open All Hours", which both Clarke and Jason worked on throughout its 26-episode run from 1973 to 1985, following a 40th Anniversary Special in December 2013 commemorating the original series. The sitcom's premise focuses on the life of a much older Granville, who now runs his late uncle's grocery shop with the assistance of his son, continuing to sell products at higher prices alongside seeking to be with his love interest.

Unlike the original series, the cast for "Still Open All Hours" includes a more regular group of characters and additional side-plots. It has featured the return of Lynda Baron, Stephanie Cole, and Maggie Ollerenshaw as their characters from "Open All Hours". Although the special received poor reviews, it attracted positive viewing figures, with the sitcom airing a total of 41 episodes across six series to date.


Krumbach, Vorarlberg

Krumbach is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

McAdams, Mississippi

McAdams is an unincorporated community in Attala County, Mississippi, United States. McAdams is located on Mississippi Highway 12 and is about west of Sallis and about west of Kosciusko.


Lincoln County, Wisconsin

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 28,415 people lived there. The county seat is Merrill.

Manitowoc County, Wisconsin

Manitowoc County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 81,359 people lived there. The county seat is Manitowoc.

Marathon County, Wisconsin

Marathon County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 138,013 people lived there. The county seat is Wausau.

Lincoln County, Missouri

Lincoln County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Troy. In 2020, 59,574 people lived there.

Kosciusko County, Indiana

Kosciusko County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. In 2020, 80,240 people lived there. The county seat is Warsaw.

Lochau

Lochau is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is near the border to the German rural district ("Landkreis") of Lindau.


Schoppernau

Schoppernau is a municipality in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Cottonwood Shores, Texas

Cottonwood Shores is a city in Burnet County, Texas.

La Villa, Texas

La Villa is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Reuthe

Reuthe is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. Tourism is the main business.

Röthis

Röthis is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Schnepfau

Schnepfau is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Sulzberg, Austria

Sulzberg is a municipality in the Bregenz Forest in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of 1 January 2019, 1,825 people lived there.


List of nicknames for Chicago

This article lists nicknames for the city of Chicago, Illinois.



Ethel, Mississippi

Ethel is a town in Attala County, Mississippi. The population was 348 at the 2020 census.

Ethel is named for the daughter of Capt. S. B. McConnico.
The mayor of Ethel is Gwen Sims.

Ethel is located at (33.123524, -89.465275), along the Yockanookany River.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all land.

The town of Ethel is served by the Attala County School District.


Forest Park, Illinois

Forest Park (formerly Harlem) is a village in Cook County, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, United States. The population was 14,339 at the 2020 census.

The Forest Park terminal on the CTA Blue Line is the line's western terminal, located on the Eisenhower Expressway at Des Plaines Avenue.

Cicero, Illinois

Cicero (originally known as Hawthorne) is a suburb of Chicago and an incorporated town in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 85,268 at the 2020 census.

The town of Cicero is named after Marcus Tullius Cicero, a Roman statesman.

Silvio Horta

Silvio Horta (August 14, 1974 – January 7, 2020) was an American screenwriter and television producer widely noted for adapting the hit Colombian telenovela "Yo soy Betty, la fea" into the ABC series "Ugly Betty". Horta served as head writer and executive producer on the series.

He was born in Miami, Florida. Horta was openly gay. He was found dead in a Miami hotel room on January 7, 2020 after shooting himself, aged 45.

National Assembly (Ecuador)

The National Assembly (Spanish: "Asamblea Nacional") is the legislative branch of the government of Ecuador that replaced the National Congress in 2009, under the 2008 Constitution. 

The current President of the Assembly is César Litardo, as of 2019.

Within Ecuador, the National Assembly has the power to pass laws, while appointment of judges to the National Court of Justice is done by a separate Judicial Council.

Oswaldo Larriva

Óscar Oswaldo Larriva Alvarado (1946 – 6 January 2020) was an Ecuadorian politician and academic. He was born in Cuenca, Ecuador. He was a member of the Socialist Party until 2006 and later became a member of the PAIS Alliance.

Larriva was a member of the National Assembly from 1992 to 1994 and again from 2013 to 2017. From 2007 through 2009 and briefly in 2019, Larriva was Governor of Azuay Province.

Larriva died in Cuenca on 6 January 2020 of leukemia at the age of 74.

Walter Learning

Walter John Learning (November 16, 1938 – January 5, 2020) was a Canadian theatre director, playwright and actor. He was known as the founder of Theatre New Brunswick. He was born in Quidi Vidi, Newfoundland. He wrote a play based on the Christmas television special "A Gift to Last". 

Learning died on January 5, 2020 at his home in Fredericton, New Brunswick at the age of 81.


Wisner, Louisiana

Wisner is a small town in Franklin Parish, Louisiana, United States.

McCool, Mississippi

McCool is a town in Attala County, Mississippi. The population was 103 at the 2020 census.

McCool post office was established September 11, 1883, with Charles W. Thompson as first postmaster. The town was named for James F. McCool, Chancellor of the 6th Chancery court district of Mississippi, and former speaker
of the Mississippi House of Representatives.

The population was 317 in 1900.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the area of the town is . All of it is land.

The town of McCool is served by the Attala County School District.


Kosciusko, Mississippi

Kosciusko is a city in Attala County, Mississippi, United States. James Meredith and Oprah Winfrey were born there. The population was 7,114 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Attala County.

Kosciusko is named for General Tadeusz Kościuszko, a Polish-Lithuanian officer. He served with the Continental Army during the American Revolution. His name was changed to 'Kosciusko' to make it easier to write in English. The settlement was originally named Red Bud Springs for one of three natural springs that were in the city.

Kosciusko first developed along the historic Natchez Trace used by generations of Native Americans and later European settlers. The modern Natchez Trace Parkway also passes through the city.

During the 19th century, cotton was the most common crop. It is still important in the area.

Magnolia Bible College was in the city from 1976 to 2008. Kosciusko is the birthplace of civil rights activist James Meredith and TV series host and cultural leader Oprah Winfrey.

Kosciusko has hosted the Central Mississippi Fair for over 100 years.

Kosciusko is at (33.058108, -89.588301), along the Yockanookany River. It is northeast of Jackson and southwest of Starkville. It is 20 miles / 32 kilometers from I-55 at Durant.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the area of Kosciusko is . is land and 0.13% is water.

The city of Kosciusko is part of the Kosciusko School District.

Kosciusko has been part of the Mississippi Blues Trail since 2009.

The climate is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Kosciusko has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The data below are from the WRCC, compiled from 1893 to the time this chart was created (July 2018).


Dave (TV channel)

Dave is a British free to air television channel owned by UKTV, which is available in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The channel took the name Dave, in October 2007, but it had been on air, under various identities and formats since October 1998.

UK Gold Classics and UK Gold 2 take Fridays and Sundays from 6:00pm to 2:00am

Supercell (video game company)

Supercell is a company that makes free games. Their games include Clash of Clans (2012), Hay day (2013), Boom Beach (2014), Clash Royale (2015), and Brawl Stars (2018). Their games run on smart phones and tablets with Android or iOS. Internet is required for all Supercell games.


Lunch atop a Skyscraper

Lunch atop a Skyscraper is a photograph taken at the top of the steelwork of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, during the construction of the Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York, U.S.A.. It was taken on 20 September 1932. The picture shows a group of workers not wearing safety equipment and eating on a beam at off the ground.

Jennifer Johnston

Jennifer Johnston (born 12 January 1930) is an Irish novelist. She was born in Dublin. Johnston has won a number of awards, including the Whitbread Book Award for "The Old Jest" in 1979 and a Lifetime Achievement from the Irish Book Awards (2012). Her novel, "The Old Jest", was made into a movie called "The Dawning". Her other best known novels include: "How Many Miles to Babylon?", "The Christmas Tree", "The Railway Station Man", "The Illusionist" and "Grace and Truth".


Lincoln Chafee 2020 presidential campaign

On January 5, 2020, former Governor of Rhode Island Lincoln Chafee filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission in order to compete in the 2020 United States presidential election as a Libertarian.

Chafee unsuccessfully campaigned for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2015. During his candidacy, Chafee criticized Hillary Clinton for her public support of the 2003 invasion of Iraq and her use of a private email server.

In 2019, following his move to the state of Wyoming, Chafee registered as a member of the Libertarian Party, which he announced through an op-ed.

On January 5, 2020, Chafee filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to form a candidate committee for the 2020 United States presidential election. Chafee has said he plans on making a formal announcement about his candidacy on January 8, 2020.

He ended his campaign on April 5, 2020, after failing to win any of the primary contests.

Teton Village, Wyoming

Teton Village is a census-designated place (CDP) in Teton County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 330 at the 2010 census. It is located near Jackson, Wyoming.

Infanta Sofia of Spain

Infanta Sofía of Spain (Sofía de Todos los Santos de Borbón y Ortiz; born 29 April 2007) is the second child of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia. She was born at Ruber International Hospital in Madrid, She was baptized at Palace of Zarzuela in Madrid.

She has an older sister, Leonor, whom she follows in the line of succession to the Spanish throne.

Title 

29 April 2007 Her Royal Highness Infanta Sofia of Spain 


Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo

Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo (Elena María Isabel Dominica de Silos de Borbón y de Grecia; born 20 December 1963) is the first child and elder daughter of King Juan Carlos I of Spain and Queen Sofía of Spain. She is the third in the line of succession to the Spanish throne. She has a younger sister, Infanta Cristina, and a younger brother, King Felipe VI.

Titles and Styles 

20 December 1963-3 March 1995: Her Royal Highness Infanta Elena of Spain 

3 March 1995-present: Her Royal Highness Infanta Elena of Spain, The Duchess of Lugo 

Infanta Cristina of Spain

Infanta Cristina of Spain ("Cristina Federica Victoria Antonia de la Santísima Trinidad de Borbón y de Grecia", born 13 June 1965) She is the younger daughter of King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofía, She was born at ORPEA Madrid Loreto at Madrid, She was baptized at church in Zarzuela Palace. 

From 2013 she was investigated and later tried for fraud relating to accusations of corruption involving a company owned by Cristina and her husband. In February 2017, she was acquitted.

Titles and Styles 

13 June 1965-4 October 1997: Her Royal Highness Infanta Cristina of Spain 

4 October 1997-11 June 2015: Her Royal Highness Infanta Cristina of Spain, The Duchess of Palma de Mallorca

11 June 2015-present: Her Royal Highness Infanta Cristina of Spain 


Queen Sofía of Spain

Sophia of Greece and Denmark (, ; born 2 November 1938) is a member of the Spanish royal family and former Greek royal family who was Queen of Spain during the reign of her husband, King Juan Carlos I, from 1975 to 2014. 

Sophia of Greece and Denmark was born on 2 November, 1938 in Athens. Her parents were King Paul and his wife Queen Frederica. Sophia is the sister of King Constantine II and Princess Irene.

She became queen upon her husband's accession in 1975. On 19 June 2014, Juan Carlos abdicated in favor of their son Felipe VI.

In 2023, Sophia attended the funeral of her brother, Constantine.

Titles

2 November 1938-14 May 1962: Her Royal Highness Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark 

14 May 1962-21 July 1969: Her Royal Highness Princess Sophia of Spain 

21 July 1969-22 November 1975: Her Royal Highness The Princess of Spain 

22 November 1975-19 June 2014: Her Majesty The Queen of Spain 

19 June 2014-present: Her Majesty Queen Sofia of Spain 

Felipe de Marichalar y Borbón

"Don" Felipe Juan Froilán de Todos los Santos de Marichalar y Borbón (born 17 July 1998 in Madrid) is the elder child and only son of the Duchess of Lugo, Infanta Elena of Spain, and "Don" Jaime de Marichalar. Felipe is fourth in the line of succession to the Spanish Throne, after his mother.

Victoria de Marichalar y Borbón

"Doña" Victoria Federica de Todos los Santos de Marichalar y Borbón (born 9 September 2000) is the younger child and only daughter of the Spanish Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo, and "Don" Jaime de Marichalar. "Doña" Victoria Federica is fifth in the line of succession to the Spanish Throne, after her brother Felipe.

Frederica of Hanover

Frederica of Hanover ("Friederike Luise Thyra Victoria Margarita Sophia Olga Cecilia Isabella Christa"; ; ; 18 April 1917 – 6 February 1981) was Queen consort of Greece from 1947 until 1964 as the wife of King Paul.


Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark

Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark (; born 11 May 1942) is the youngest child and second daughter of King Paul of Greece and his wife Princess Frederika of Hanover. She is the younger sister of Queen Sofía of Spain and of the deposed King Constantine II of Greece and maternal aunt of Felipe VI of Spain. 

Titles and Styles 

11 May 1942-6 March 1964: Her Royal Highness Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark 

6 March 1964-10 July 1965: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Greece 

10 July 1965-present Her Royal Highness Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark 

Infanta Pilar, Duchess of Badajoz

Infanta Pilar of Spain, Duchess of Badajoz, Dowager Viscountess of la Torre ("María del Pilar Alfonsa Juana Victoria Luisa Ignacia y Todos los Santos de Borbón y Borbón-Dos Sicilias"; 30 July 1936 – 8 January 2020), sometimes known more simply as Pilar de Borbón, was a member of the Spanish royal family. She was oldest child of Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona and Princess María Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. She was the older sister of King Juan Carlos I, Infanta Margarita and Infante Alfonso.

Infanta Pilar supported the sport of equestrianism. She served as the president of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports from 1994 to 2006. From 1996 to 2006, she was a member of the International Olympic Committee for Spain.

Infanta Pilar was born in the French city of Cannes. She lived most of her early years in exile from Spain. King Alfonso XIII, her grandfather, had been forced to flee with his family before she was born.

On 8 January 2020, Infanta Pilar died of colon cancer in Madrid. She was 83.

Sermersooq

Sermersooq (Greenlandic: [seʁmeʁsoːq̚], "place of much ice", ) is the most populous municipality of Greenland. Its capital and largest city is Nuuk, which is also the capital and largest city of Greenland. It was created on 1 January 2009, when five municipalities were combined together to make Sermersooq.

Sermersooq borders the Labrador Sea to the west and the Denmark Strait to the east. It borders all the municipalities of Kujalleq, Qeqqata, Qeqertalik and Avannaata. To the north is Northeast Greenland National Park.

Barry Gardiner

Barry Strachan Gardiner (born 10 March 1957) is a British Labour Party politician. He is the Shadow Secretary of State for International Trade since 2016. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Brent North since 1997.

Gardiner worked under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown as a junior minister in the Northern Ireland Office, the Department for Productivity, Energy and Industry, the Department of Trade and Industry and finally in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.

Ukraine International Airlines Flight 752

Ukraine International Airlines Flight 752 was an airplane flight between Iran and Ukraine that crashed shortly after it flew away from Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport on 8 January 2020. All 176 passengers onboard and its crew died. 
On 9 January 2020, it was reported that U.S. officials believed that plane was shot down by an Iranian Tor-M1 surface to air missile, probably by mistake.

On 11 January 2020, Iran said that it had shot down the plane by mistake.

Tomorrow (Silverchair song)

"Tomorrow" is a song by the Australian rock band Silverchair. It was released as the group's first single in 1994. It was later re-recorded for their 1995 debut album "Frogstomp". It reached number-one on the charts in Australia, becoming their first of three number-one singles there.

The song was written by the group's lead singer and guitarist Daniel Johns, as well as the group's drummer, Ben Gillies.

Freak

"Freak" is a song by the Australian rock band Silverchair. It was released in January 1997 as a single, and was later released the next month on their second album, "Freak Show". It reached number-one on the charts in Australia, becoming their second of three number-one singles there.

It was written by the group's lead singer and guitarist Daniel Johns, as well as the group's drummer, Ben Gillies.

Straight Lines

"Straight Lines" is a song by the Australian rock band Silverchair. It was released on March 20, 2007 as a single, and ten days later it was released on their fifth and final album, titled "Young Modern". It reached number-one on the charts in Australia, becoming their third and last number-one single there.

It was written by the group's lead singer and guitarist Daniel Johns, as well as Australian musician Julian Hamilton. "Straight Lines" is one of only four Silverchair songs to feature a co-writing credit by a non-member, the other three also being songs from "Young Modern" co-written by Johns and Hamilton.

Cass City, Michigan

Cass City is a village in Tuscola County in the U.S. state of Michigan. In 2020, 2,494 people lived there.

Spaniel

A spaniel is a type of gun dog. Spaniels were especially bred in the 1700's in Great Britain to flush game birds out of thick bushes There are many types of spaniel dogs, the most popular ones are the Cocker Spaniel, the English Springer Spaniel, the Field Spaniel and the Welsh Springer Spaniel.

The following types are not spaniels. They are called spaniels as they looked like spaniels.


Vincenzo Cerundolo

Vincenzo Cerundolo (20 December 1959 – 7 January 2020) was an Italian medical researcher. He was the director of the Medical Research Council (MRC) Human Immunology Unit at the John Radcliffe Hospital. He was a professor of immunology at the University of Oxford. He was also a Supernumerary Fellow at Merton College, Oxford. He was known for his discoveries in processing and presentation of cancer and viral peptides to T cells and lipids.

Cerundolo was born in Lecce. He was married and had two children. He died in January 2020, at the age of 60.

Fealty

An oath of fealty is a pledge of allegiance of one person to another.

In medieval Europe, the swearing of fealty is an oath made by a peasant to his lord. "Fealty" also referred to the duties that a servant need to perform. These includes service and help.

Wolfgang Brezinka

Wolfgang Brezinka (9 June 1928 – 3 January 2020) was a German-Austrian educational scientist. He was born in Berlin. He served as professor of pedagogy at the Pedagogical University in Würzburg. He also worked at the universities of Innsbruck and Konstanz. He was a researcher at Columbia University and Harvard University.

On 3 January 2020, Brezinka died in Telfes, in the Austrian state of Tyrol. He was 91.

Prem Nath Hoon

Prem Nath Hoon (4 October 1929 – 6 January 2020) was an Indian military officer. He was the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Western Command of the Indian Armed Forces from 1986 to 1987. He took part in the 1962 Sino-Indian War and 1965 Indo–Pakistan War. In 1984, he led Operation Meghdoot, the Indian Armed Forces operation to capture the Siachen Glacier in the Kashmir region. He was also part of Operation Brasstacks, the biggest military exercise since World War II. Hoon was born in Abbottabad, North West Frontier Province (now Pakistan). 

Hoon died on 6 January 2020 in Chandimandir, Haryana. He was 90.

George Perles

George J. Perles (July 16, 1934 – January 7, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was a defensive line coach, defensive coordinator and assistant head coach for the National Football League's Pittsburgh Steelers from 1972 to 1982. He was also the head football coach at Michigan State University (MSU) from 1983 to 1994. He was added to the MSU Board of Trustees in 2006. He retired from his position on the board in November 2018 due to health reasons and wanting to spend time with family.

On January 7, 2020, Perles died from Parkinson's disease in Lansing, Michigan. He was 85.

Yong Pung How

Yong Pung How (11 April 1926 – 9 January 2020) was a Singaporean judge. He served as Chief Justice from 1990 to 2006. Before being a judge, he was a lawyer, banker and senior government official. From 2010 until his death in 2020, he had been the Chancellor of the Singapore Management University. Yong was born in Kuala Lumpur, Malaya. He came from an ethnic Chinese family with Hakka ancestry from Dabu County, Guangdong. 

Yong died on 9 January 2020, at the age of 93.

Thomas Gage

General Thomas Gage (10 March 1718/19 – 2 April 1787) was a British Army general officer and colonial official best known for his many years of service in North America, including his role as British commander-in-chief in the early days of the American Revolution.

Thomas Gage, on February 20, 1773, already communicated to the governor of Louisiana, Luis de Unzaga y Amézaga 'le Conciliateur', his intention to return to the United Kingdom with his family, a fact that occurred 4 months later, in June Therefore, Gage was not present when the Boston Tea Party took place in December of that year, a city in which both Gage and Unzaga left confidants to be informed by their respective spy networks.



2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses were a series of elections by the Democratic Party to select the about 3,979 pledged delegates to the Democratic National Convention. Those delegates picked the Democratic nominee for president of the United States in the 2020 United States presidential election.

The elections took place from February to August 2020 in all fifty U.S. states, the District of Columbia, five U.S. territories, and Democrats Abroad.

On June 5, 2020, Biden passed the threshold of 1,991 delegates, securing the nomination.

The 2020 field of Democratic presidential candidates peaked at more than two dozen candidates. According to "Politifact", this field is believed to be the largest field of presidential candidates for any American political party since 1972; it exceeds the field of 17 major candidates who sought the Republican presidential nomination in 2016. 

In May 2019, CBS News referred to the field of 2020 Democratic presidential candidates as "the largest and most diverse Democratic primary field in modern history", including at least six female presidential candidates.

The new superdelegate reforms also regulate how the 2020 Democratic National Convention shall handle the outcome of primaries and caucuses for three potential scenarios:

Note: Due to COVID-19, most primaries after March 10 were rescheduled. 

The convention was scheduled to be held from July 13–16, 2020, at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, it was held from August 17–20. Most speakers did not go to the central location. Instead, they joined the convention from other places, using the internet.

2020 Democratic National Convention

The 2020 Democratic National Convention was a presidential nominating convention held August 17–20, 2020 at the Wisconsin Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

At the convention, delegates of the United States Democratic Party formally chose former Vice President Joe Biden for president and U.S. Senator Kamala Harris for vice president in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Originally scheduled to be held July 13–16, 2020 at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic in the United States, the convention was postponed to August 17–20, 2020, and was later shrunk its capacity, with its location moved to city's Wisconsin Center.

Due to the pandemic, the format was different from other conventions, with most of the convention being held remotely from many venues across the country. While being a largely virtual convention, it was officially centered at the Wisconsin Center, where its production was headquartered and from where it was gaveled in and out each night.

Joe Solmonese, former President of the Human Rights Campaign, was named convention CEO in March 2019.

Every living former Democratic president (Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama) gave a speech, as well as a number of Republicans, including former Governor John Kasich of Ohio. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders also spoke at the convention.

Infanta Margarita, Duchess of Soria

Infanta Margarita of Spain, Duchess of Soria, 2nd Duchess of Hernani, Grandee of Spain ("Margarita María de la Victoria Esperanza Jacoba Felicidad Perpetua de Todos los Santos de Borbón y Borbón"; born 6 March 1939) is a member of the Spanish royal family. She is the younger sister of King Juan Carlos I and aunt of current King Felipe VI of Spain. Her parents were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona and Princess María Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. She also had other siblings, Infanta Pilar and Infante Alfonso.

Infanta Margarita was born in the Italian capital city Rome. She was born blind. Her family were exiled from Spain at the time of her birth. She has been married to Carlos Zurita since 1972. The couple have two children.

Chan Sek Keong

Chan Sek Keong (born 5 November 1937) is a Singaporean former judge. He served as the third Chief Justice from 2006 until his retirement in 2012. He also served as Singapore's Attorney-General from 1992 to 2006.

Chan was born in Ipoh, Perak, Malaya. His family were ethnic Chinese of a Cantonese background.

Mike Resnick

Michael Diamond Resnick (; March 5, 1942 – January 9, 2020) was an American science fiction writer under the name Mike Resnick. He won five Hugo Awards. He was executive editor of "Jim Baen's Universe". Resnick was born in Chicago. He was best known for his novellas "The Goddess of Ganymede", "Stalking the Unicorn" and "Kirinyaga".

Resnick was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lymphoma in November 2019. He died from the disease at a hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio on January 9, 2020 at the age of 77.


Congress of Tucumán

The Congress of Tucumán was a meeting in San Miguel de Tucumán where people from what is now Argentina, Uruguay, and part of Bolivia declared Independence from the Spanish Empire on 9 July 1816.


Butternut squash

Butternut squash ("Cucurbita moschata"), sometimes known in Australia and New Zealand as butternut pumpkin or gramma, is a type of winter squash that grows on a vine. It has a sweet, nutty taste similar to that of a pumpkin. It has tan-yellow skin and orange fleshy pulp with a compartment of seeds in the blossom end.

Monarchy of Ireland

Ireland is mostly the Republic of Ireland (which does not have a monarchy) and partly Northern Ireland (whose monarch is Charles III). Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, a constitutional monarchy. Until the 20th century, all Ireland had a constitutional monarchy and was a part of the United Kingdom since 1801. Monarchies were in existence through most of the history of Ireland.

In the High Middle Ages, the Gaelic kingdoms of Ireland ended when the Normans invaded Ireland. Ireland became a fief of the Papal States (the government of the Pope). The King of England's government started to control many of the lands of Ireland. This continued until the English Reformation, when the Kingdom of England got full ownership of Ireland. The Kingdom of Ireland came into existence in the reign of Henry VIII. Henry VIII was the first to be both King of England and King of Ireland.

The Kingdom of Ireland started in 1542. Before 1603, Ireland shared a monarch with the Kingdom of England (but not with the Kingdom of Scotland) in a personal union. When Henry VIII's daughter Elizabeth I died in 1603, James VI and I became the first to be King of Ireland, King of England, and King of Scotland in a three-kingdom personal union. Between 1603 and 1707, the Kingdom of Ireland shared the monarchs of the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England. Anne was the Queen of Ireland when the United Kingdom of Great Britain came into existence in 1707. Anne was Queen of Ireland and Queen of Great Britain. Between 1707 and 1801, the Kingdom of Ireland shared the British monarchy with the United Kingdom of Great Britain. (During the government of Oliver Cromwell, the British Isles became a republic: the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland.) George III was King of Ireland when the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland came into existence at the start of 1801. George III was the first to be king of the new kingdom, which combined the whole British Isles (except the Isle of Man) into one kingdom for the first time.

In December 1922, most of Ireland left the United Kingdom to become part of the Irish Free State, a dominion within the British Empire; the rest, Northern Ireland, remained within the United Kingdom. In 1937, after George V died, the Free State changed its laws to give the British monarchs much less power. In April 1949, the Republic of Ireland stopped having a monarchy entirely, and left the Commonwealth of Nations. Since then, the only part of Ireland to have a monarchy is Northern Ireland (because it is part of the United Kingdom). Elizabeth II was the former queen, but passed in 2022. Charles, Prince of Wales was named the King of England in September 2022.

Bernt Andersson

Bernt "Sump-Hugo" Andersson (5 September 1933 – 6 January 2020) was a Swedish footballer and football manager. He made 91 Allsvenskan appearance for Djurgårdens IF and scored 19 goals. He managed Halmstads BK, Vasalunds IF and Helsingborgs IF.

Andersson died on 6 January 2020 at the age of 86.

Peter Renaday

Pierre Laurent Renoudet (born June 9, 1935), better known as Peter Renaday, is an American actor and voice actor. He was born in New Iberia, Louisiana. 

Renaday was known for his roles in "", "", "Antz" (1998), "The Odd Couple II" (1998), "Mulan" (1998), "The Prince of Egypt" (1998), "Ringmaster" (1998), "Scooby-Doo! and the Witch's Ghost" (1999), "The Road to El Dorado" (2000), "Shrek" (2001), "Madagascar" (2005) and "The Princess and the Frog" (2009).


Iberia Parish, Louisiana

Iberia Parish (, ) is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 69,929. The parish seat is New Iberia.

Pete Dye

Paul B. "Pete" Dye (December 29, 1925 – January 9, 2020) was an American golf course designer. He was a member of a family of course designers. He was married to fellow designer and former amateur champion Alice Dye. 

Dye designed the "Radrick Farms Golf Course" for the University of Michigan in 1962, but the course did not open until 1965. Dye's first well-known course was Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, north of Indianapolis, begun in 1964.

Dye died on January 9, 2020 in Gulf Stream, Florida of dementia-related problems at the age of 94.


Urbana, Ohio

Urbana is a city in and the county seat of Champaign County, Ohio, United States, west of Columbus. The population was 11,115 in 2020. It is the home of Urbana University.

Champaign County, Ohio

Champaign County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,714. Its county seat is Urbana. 

Alice Dye

Alice Dye (February 19, 1927 – February 1, 2019) was an American amateur golfer and golf course designer. She was known as the "First Lady" of golf architecture in the United States. She was married to Pete Dye. She was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. 

She was a member of the USGA Women's Committee, the LPGA Advisory Council and a member of the Board of Directors of the Women's Western Amateur who honored her with their Woman of Distinction Award. She and her husband established a golf training program at Purdue University.

Dye died on February 1, 2019 in Gulf Stream, Florida at the age of 91.


Gulf Stream, Florida

Gulf Stream is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 954 at the 2020 census.

Dick Saslaw

Richard Lawrence Saslaw (born February 5, 1940) is an American politician. He is a Democrat. He was in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1976 to 1980. He was elected to the Senate of Virginia. 

Saslaw has been the leader of the Virginia Senate Democrats since 1998, and is the current Majority Leader since 2020. He was Minority Leader 1998 through 2008 and again from 2012 through 2014.

He ran for Congress in Virginia's 8th congressional district in 1984. He was defeated by then-Congressman Stanford Parris. He was born in Washington, D.C..


Woodlands North MRT station

Woodlands North MRT station (TE1) is a underground Mass Rapid Transit terminal station in Woodlands, Singapore. It is located near Republic Polytechnic. The station is the northern terminal of the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL).

A planned Johor Bahru–Singapore Rapid Transit System (RTS) at this station was delayed on 21 May 2019. This is due to Malaysia's financial situation. On 31 October 2019, Malaysia agreed to resume the RTS project at a lower cost although the project is still suspended until 30 April 2020.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012 by then Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew.

Contract T202 which involves the construction of this station was awarded to Penta-Ocean Construction Co Ltd on 29 November 2013. The cost is S$337 million. Construction of the station began in early 2014.

The station was planned to be open by the end of 2019 as part of the first stage of the TEL. However the station's opening was later changed to 31 January 2020.


Woodlands South MRT station

Woodlands South MRT station (TE3) is a Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson–East Coast line in Woodlands, Singapore. It islocated directly under Christ Church Secondary School and near Singapore Sports School. 

The tracks between this station and Springleaf station are the longest on the Thomson–East Coast line.

The station served as a terminus of the Thomson–East Coast line from 31 January 2020 until the opening of second phase of the line on August 28, 2021. Caldecott then serve as the terminus.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012 by then Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew.

Contract T205 which involves the construction of this station was awarded to Woh Hup Private Limited on 23 August 2013. The station costs is S$144 million Construction of the station started in early 2014. 

The station was planned to be open by the end of 2019 as part of the first stage of the TEL. However the station's opening was later changed to 31 January 2020.


Lawrence v. Texas

Lawrence v. Texas, 539 US 558 (2003), is the primary piece of case law which ultimately decriminalized sodomy in the United States. Ruled upon by the United States Supreme Court in 2003, "Lawrence v. Texas" concerned a Texas law that criminalized consensual, adult homosexual intercourse which was found unconstitutional under the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.

Houston Police were tipped off to a weapons disturbance purportedly from the residence of John Lawrence. Upon entering the apartment, police found Lawrence and Tyron Garner engaging in sexual intercourse. At the time, a statute was in place which banned such homosexual sex acts and further deemed homosexuality a "deviance." Both Lawrence and Garner were arrested and convicted under this statute.

Upon appeal, the Texas State Court of Appeals affirmed the men's convictions citing "Bowers v. Hardwick", 478 US 186 (1986), as the controlling case.

Lawrence filed for certiorari to the Supreme Court which was granted in 2003.

In a 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court voted to overturn Lawrence's conviction and declared the Texas anti-sodomy statute unconstitutional. The decision hinged on the right of Lawrence and Garner to engage in private conduct under the Due Process Clause. Justice Anthony Kennedy, writing the majority opinion, stated "[Lawrence and Garner's] right to liberty under the Due Process Clause gives them the full right to engage in their conduct without intervention of the government." The decision to overturn "Bowers v. Hardwick" was 5-4, with Justice O'Connor (a member of the "Bowers" majority back in 1986) refusing to overturn "Bowers" and instead supporting the "Lawrence" ruling on narrower Equal Protection grounds because the challenged Texas law made male-male sodomy illegal but not male-female sodomy.

In a 2004 law review article, U.S. law professors Nelson Lund and John McGinnis criticized "Lawrence v. Texas" due to its alleged judicial hubris and expressed fears that its extremely broad language could have unexpected consequences in the long(er)-run.

United States Obscenity Law

Carpenter, Dale. (2012). "Flagrant Conduct: The Story of Lawrence V. Texas". New York, NY: W.W. Norton & Co. Inc.

Fever Crumb (series)

The Fever Crumb Series is a fantasy novel series by British author, Philip Reeve.


List of Mortal Engines Quartet and Fever Crumb characters

This is a list of characters in the Mortal Engines Quartet and the Fever Crumb series.

Hester Shaw is a teenager who possesses a scar.

Tom Natsworthy is a Apprentice Historian.

Anna Fang is an aviator and friend of Tom and Hester. Dies during the battle with Thaddeus Valentine. Becomes a stalker and a ruler of the Green Storm.

Shrike, formerly known as Kit Solent, is a stalker.

Voiced alveolar fricative

The voiced alveolar fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨z⟩.

Hester Shaw

Hester Shaw, later known as Hester Natsworthy, is the lead heroine of Philip Reeve's "Mortal Engines Quartet".

Hester Shaw, aged around fifteen at the beginning of the Quartet, is the daughter of Thaddeus Valentine and Pandora Shaw. She was raised by Shrike.

Hester is portrayed as having copper hair and gray eyes. She has a scar which cut her face from forehead to jaw, a wrenched mouth, a stump nose, and a single eye.

The character's surname comes from Shaugh Prior.

In the first novel of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" (known in US as "The Hungry City Chronicles"), "Mortal Engines", her botched assassination attempt on Thaddeus Valentine led to Tom Natsworthy and set off a chain of events that would change a course of history.

In the "Mortal Engines" student short film made in 2009, Alyssa Burnett plays Hester. One of her photos are mistakenly identified as a cosplay.

There is a 28mm figure based on Hester Shaw.

In "Mortal Engines", the film adaptation of the first book, Hester is portrayed by twenty-eight-year-old Icelandic actress Hera Hilmar as an adult, while the young Hester is played by New Zealand child actress Poppy Macleod. Her scar is heavily toned down, and she is aged to her twenties. Hilmar described her character as challenging to play. Christian Rivers, the director of the film, addressed the fan criticism over Hester's scar, stating that audiences would be "put off the film" if it were more true to the books. The author acknowledged the difference. Other changes include: she lost her mother when she was eight and she fought Valentine aboard his airship.


Mr. Toad

Mister Toad, known professionally characteries Mr Toad, was a fictional character in DC Comics. His appearance is a homage in the ITV soap opera The Wind in the Willows.

The Wind in the Willows (TV series)

The Wind in the Willows is a British stop motion animated television series shown by the ITV network from 1984 to 1990 based on Kenneth Grahame's 1908 story The Wind in the Willows. It stars David Jason, Richard Pearson, Michael Hordern, Ian Carmichael, Peter Sallis, Brian Trueman, Jimmy Hibbert, Daphne Oxenford, and Emma Chambers.

2020 Republican Party presidential primaries

<noinclude>

The 2020 Republican Party presidential primaries and caucuses were a series of elections which took place in many U.S. state's, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories. These elections selected the 2,550 delegates to send to the Republican National Convention. The Republican National Convention selected the Republican Party's nominee in the 2020 election. 

On March 17, Donald Trump won more than half of the delegates for the election and became the presumptive nominee. Later, on August 24, the delegates voted for Trump as the official nominee.

Donald Trump launched his bid for re-election on February 18, 2017. Other candidates who ran were Bill Weld, Joe Walsh,and Mark Sanford. Mark Sandord launched the third primary challenge on September 8, 2019 and withdrew from the race two months later.

In February 2019, the Republican National Committee voted to provide undivided support to Trump. Seven states have decided to cancel their primaries and caucuses.

On July 20, 2018, the Republican National Convention chose Charlotte, North Carolina as the site for their 2020 national convention. The convention will be held between August 24 to August 27.

On July 20, 2018, the Republican National Convention chose Charlotte, North Carolina as the site for their 2020 national convention. The convention will be held between August 24 to August 27.

Jacksonville International Airport

Jacksonville International Airport (IATA: JAX, ICAO: KJAX, FAA : JAX), is the primary international airport serving northeast Florida. The airport is located 15 miles north of downtown Jacksonville.

2020 Republican National Convention

The 2020 Republican National Convention was an event in which delegates of the United States Republican Party selected the party's nominees for president and vice president in the 2020 United States presidential election. 

Plans to hold a traditional large-scale convention were canceled a few weeks before the convention, due to the 2020 coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in the United States. 

The convention was held from August 24 to 27, 2020. The convention renominated Donald Trump for president and Mike Pence for vice president.

The convention was originally scheduled to be held at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, but on June 2, 2020, Trump and the Republican National Committee pulled the event from Charlotte, the North Carolina state government declined to agree to Trump's demand to allow the convention to take place with a full crowd and without public health measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. Trump then announced that the convention would be moved to Jacksonville, Florida, before canceling Jacksonville convention plans on July 23. Some convention proceedings, albeit dramatically reduced in scale, were held in Charlotte. 

In August 2020, Trump said he would accept the Republican nomination live from the White House. Over 1500 gathered in front of the White House to watch. People were seated close together, so it did not follow social distancing.

Smithtown, New York

Smithtown is a town in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is on the North Shore of Long Island. This town is an eastern suburb of New York City.

The population was 116,296 at the 2020 Census.

Ivan Passer

Ivan Passer (10 July 1933 – 9 January 2020) was a Czech-American movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Prague. He studied with Miloš Forman, Václav Havel and Jerzy Skolimowski. He directed his first feature, "Intimate Lighting", which was released in 1965.

Passer died on January 9, 2020 in Reno, Nevada of problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 86.

The Alexander Brothers

The Alexander Brothers were an easy-listening folk-music duo from Scotland, who had been performing since they began in the 1950s. They retired in 2012. 

The band was made up of brothers: Tom Alexander (1934–2020) and Jack Alexander (1935–2013). They were born in Thrashbush Avenue Cambusnethan, near Wishaw, Scotland.

Their biggest hit single was "Nobody's Child" in 1964. It sold more copies in Scotland that year than did recordings by The Beatles. Their other hits include "These Are My Mountains", "The Northern Lights of Old Aberdeen", "Bonnie Wee Jeannie McColl", and "Two Highland Lads".

On 2 November 2013, Jack Alexander died aged 77. On 10 January 2020, the death of Tom Alexander was announced. He was 85.

John Crosbie

John Carnell Crosbie, (January 30, 1931 – January 10, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador from 2008 through 2013.

He worked as a federal Cabinet minister during the governments of Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney. 

Crosbie ran unsuccessfully for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador in 1969, losing to Smallwood, and was also a candidate in the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada's 1983 leadership election, placing third. 

Crosbie died on January 10, 2020 after a short-illness at the age of 88.

Mafia (party game)

Mafia is a hidden role game made by Dmitry Davidoff in 1986. It is also called Werewolf. The game is usually between two teams. There is an evil team that less players belong to. This group knows who is good and who is evil. They have to hide that they are evil from the good team. There is the good team, called the village, that has most of the players. People in this team have to find out who is good and bad. Everyone is given their role at the beginning of the game by a person who is not playing, called a moderator. The game has two stages, day and night. At night, everyone closes their eyes. The moderator tells the evil team to open their eyes. They choose someone to kill or remove from the game. Some other roles on both teams can do things at night. In the day, everyone opens their eyes. The players that are still alive will talk to each other about everyone's roles. They also each choose someone to kill, and the person that the most people choose will be killed. The game keeps going until only the members from one team are left.

Dmitry Davidoff (, "Dmitry Davydov") is usually said to have made the game. He says he first made the game in Spring 1987 at the Psychology department of Moscow State University. He made it to do psychology research and his job of teaching high school students. It got popular in other Soviet colleges and school in the 1990s. It also started to be played in some parts of Europe and the United States.

Andrew Plotkin made a werewolf theme for the mafia rules in 1997. He said that mafia was not that big of a cultural reference. He also said that werewolves made sense in the rules. Werewolves are bad creatures that hide in the day. Many science fiction writer groups and people at tech events started playing mafia.

A person with the username "mithrandir" ran a game of werewolf on the website The Grey Labyrinth's forum in August 2000. The Grey Labyrinth is a website about solving puzzles. The website says that this was the first werewolf game that was played on a forum.

Some parents in Rockingham complained to a school there. They were scared of bad effects that the game could have on their kids. Davidoff said that the game could "teach kids to distinguish right from wrong." He also said that the good lesson of being honest was stronger than the scariness of the game.

About.com said that Werewolf one of the 50 most important games since 1890.

Simpler games have players put into two teams. This is the evil team and the good team. The evil team is called the werewolves. The good team is called the village. Games will need someone who is not playing. This person is called the moderator. Everyone will get a card before the game starts. This card will give them a role. Each role is part of a team. The role might also have powers. These powers can do many things. An example is finding out a player's team.

The game has two stages. These are night and day. At night the werewolves open their eyes. They silently choose who to kill. At day all players vote on someone to lynch. The village also finds out who was killed at night.

Naomi Scott

Naomi Grace Scott (born 6 May 1993) is an English actress and singer. She is best known for starring as Princess Jasmine in Disney's musical fantasy movie "Aladdin" (2019). She also starred in "Power Rangers" (2017) and the action comedy movie "Charlie's Angels" (2019).

Damüls

Damüls is a municipality and popular tourism resort in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. Damüls also holds the world record of the municipality with the most annual snowfall in Europe – the average is 9.30 meters per year. In 2006, Damüls was awarded the honorary title "the snowiest village in the world".


Schwarzach, Vorarlberg

Schwarzach is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

David Dixon Porter

David Dixon Porter (June 8, 1813 – February 13, 1891) was a United States Navy admiral. Porter helped improve the Navy as the Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy after significant service in the American Civil War.

He died at the age of 77 on the morning of February 13, 1891 of a heart attack.

Porter is interred at Arlington National Cemetery.

Schröcken

Schröcken is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Chester, Pennsylvania

Chester is a city in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. With a population of 32,605 at the 2020 census, it is the largest city in Delaware County. It is located on the western bank of the Delaware River between the cities of Philadelphia and Wilmington, Delaware.

Mittelberg

Mittelberg is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Navid Negahban

Navid Negahban (; born June 2, 1968) is an Iranian-American actor. He has appeared on "24", "Homeland", "Mistresses" and as Amahl Farouk / Shadow King in the second and third seasons of FX's "Legion".

He has also starred as The Sultan in the live-action remake of "Aladdin".

Tom Natsworthy

Tom Natsworthy is the lead protagonist of Philip Reeve's "Mortal Engines Quartet" trilogy.

In the first novel of the "Mortal Engines Quartet" (known in the United States as "The Hungry City Chronicles"), "Mortal Engines", he starts with an ordinary teenager who is an apprentice historian.

In "Mortal Engines", the movie adaptation of the first book, Natsworthy is portrayed by twenty-nine-year-old Irish actor Robert Sheehan as an adult.


Schwarzenberg, Austria

Schwarzenberg is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is in the Bregenz Forest.

Schwarzenberg is south of Lake Constance.

Sibratsgfäll

Sibratsgfäll is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Warth, Vorarlberg

Warth is a municipality in Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of 1 January 2019, 164 people lived there.

Count Duckula

Count Duckula is a British animated comedy horror television series created by the British studio Cosgrove Hall Films and produced by Thames Television as a spin off sequel DangerMouse a series which the character.

It was cast by Brian Trueman, David Jason, Jimmy Hibbert, Barry Clayton, Jack May, Ruby Wax and Susan Sheridan.

Altach

Altach is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Düns

Düns is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Dünserberg

Dünserberg is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is the smallest municipality by population in Vorarlberg.

Parts per million

Parts per million is a unit which expresses a small amount of dimensionless quantities. Proportionally, parts per million represents one thousandth of a millilitre of something per litre of water, or one milligram of something per kilogram of soil.

Hal Smith (infielder)

Harold Wayne Smith (December 7, 1930 – January 9, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball from 1955 to 1964. He played for five different teams. During the 1960 World Series, he was a member of the Pittsburgh Pirates. 

Smith died on January 9, 2020 in Columbus, Texas at the age 89.

Guido Messina

Guido Messina (4 January 1931 – 10 January 2020) was an Italian road and track cyclist. He won a gold medal with the Italian team at the 1952 Olympics. Between 1954 and 1963 he rode professionally and won the first stage of the 1955 Giro d'Italia. He was born in Monreale, Italy.

Messina died on 10 January 2020 in Torino, Italy at the age of 89.


Viktorsberg

Viktorsberg is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Göfis

Göfis is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Kufstein District

The Kufstein District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It borders Bavaria (Germany) in the north, the Kitzbühel district in the southeast, and the Schwaz district in the southwest. It has an area of 969.81 km². As of 2012, 101,321 people lived there. The administrative center is Kufstein.

The district has the lower part of the Tyrolean Inn valley as far as the Bavarian border, the Alpbach valley, the Brandenberg valley, Wildschönau, and Thiersee. Mountain ranges within the district include the Brandenberg Alps, Kitzbühel Alps, and the Kaisergebirge. The largest lakes are the Reintal lakes, Thiersee, Hechtsee, Hintersteiner See and Walchsee.

The district has 30 municipalities, three of them are towns, and two of them are market towns.




Dave Lamb

Dave Lamb (born 17 January 1969), instead of David Alexander Lamb or David Lamb, is an English comedian, television presenter and voice actor. He is best known for presenting "Come Dine with Me", "Goodness Gracious Me" and "".

Landeck District

The Landeck District () is a in Tyrol, Austria. It is next to Reutte to the north, Imst to the east, South Tyrol (Italy) and Graubünden (Switzerland) to the south, and Bludenz (Vorarlberg) to the west.

Its area is 1,595 km². As of 2015, 43,886 people lived there. The administrative center is Landeck.

The district has 30 municipalities, one of which is a town.



Galen Cole

Galen Cole (November 29, 1925 – January 9, 2020) was an American military personnel of World War II and philanthropist. He was born in Bangor, Maine, Cole managed the Cole Land Transportation Museum and the Walking Sticks for Veterans program. He organized many activities and charity drives for veterans and related causes in Bangor. He was part of the United States Marines and was a Purple Heart recipient.

Cole died on January 9, 2020 in Bangor at the age of 94.

Wolfgang Dauner

Wolfgang Dauner (30 December 1935 – 10 January 2020) was a German jazz fusion pianist. He worked in the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble and with Hans Koller, Albert Mangelsdorff, Volker Kriegel and Ack van Rooyen. In 1969, he was leader and composer for Radio Jazz Group Stuttgart. A year later he started the jazz rock band Et Cetera.

Dauner died on 10 January 2020 in Stuttgart, Germany at the age of 84.

Bildungsroman

A Bildungsroman is a kind of novel. It is often called a "coming-of-age" story in English. The word comes from German. "Bildung" means "education", and "Roman", means "novel." This genre is about the psychological and moral growth of the main character from youth to adulthood. The ways the character changes are important.

The Day Before the Revolution

"The Day Before the Revolution" is a science fiction short story by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in 1974.

It is a short story that happens before the story in the novel "The Dispossessed". The main character is "Odo". She is the woman who led the revolution that started the anarchist society in "The Dispossessed".

Puppy Dog Pals

The Puppy Dog Pals is an American-Canadian children's series. In it, 2 pugs named Bingo and Rolly go on missions while their master, Bob, is out of the house.

The pugs live with a purple cat named Hissy and A.R.F. a robotic dog.

The television series began on the Disney Junior on April 14, 2017.

PJ Masks

The PJ Masks is an animated children's television series. It began on the Disney Junior on September 18, 2015, on France 5 on 18 December 2015 and on the Disney Junior in Canada on February 7, 2016. The series is based on the Les Pyjamasques book series by Romuald Racioppo.

Three 6 year old kids, Amaya, Connor and Greg become the fictional characters Owlette (an owl), Catboy (a cat) and Gekko (a lizard), or the PJ Masks. Together, the characters save the day and seldom lose.

The villains of the show include Night Ninja, Romeo and Luna Girl.




Camille Schrier

Camille Thomasina Schrier (born June 30, 1995) is the 2020 Miss America. In June 2019, she was crowned Miss Virginia 2019.

Schrier began competing in pageants at age 14.

Schrier represented Virginia at the 2020 Miss America Pageants.

Xavier Riddle and the Secret Museum

Xavier Riddle and the Secret Museum is a Canadian animated television show. It premiered on September 23, 2019 by 9 Story Media Group and Brown Bag Films for PBS Kids. It is a concept of the children's book written by Brad Meltzer and Chris Eliopoulos, named "Ordinary People Change the World". The series involves Xavier Riddle with his friends, Yadina, Brad, and Berby, at the Secret Museum and help historical heroes that are from the past.


The show first premiered on PBS Kids on November 11, 2019, episode redused on November 8, 2021 on PBS Kids, The show is also released on TVOkids and also on it's website. It also premiered on Yle Kids on Yle on Finland on a unknown day in August 2022.

This Show On Pbs Kids Consists of

4 Seasons and 78 eps.

Qaboos bin Said

Qaboos bin Said Al Said (‎; 18 November 1940 – 10 January 2020) was the Sultan of Oman from 1970 until his death in 2020. He was a fourteenth-generation descendant of the founder of the House of Al Said. He was the longest-serving leader in the Middle East and Arab world, serving for almost fifty years.

Qaboos died of colon cancer on 10 January 2020 in Muscat. He was 79. After he died, Haitham bin Tariq Al Said became the Sultan of Oman.

S4C

S4C (, from the Welsh "Sianel Pedwar Cymru", meaning "Channel Four Wales") is a Welsh-language free-to-air television channel. It first started in 1982 in Wales only, as the fourth analogue channel (after BBC One, ITV, and BBC Two). It was the first Welsh-language television channel. 

The rest of the United Kingdom had Channel 4 instead. S4C did also show some Channel 4 programmes in English at first, but both channels can now be watched in Wales. S4C can be watched in all of the United Kingdom on Freeview and other services since 2010.

Central India

Central India is an Indian region.

Central India consists of two Indian states: Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. It shares a border with Rajasthan, Gujarat, Odisha, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Telangana.One of the states i.e.Chattisgarh is ruled by the Congress with Chief Minister 


This map of India (press to open) shows all central Indian states in the color pink. The larger one is Madhya Pradesh while the smaller one is Chhattisgarh.

Lucky Luke

Luky Luke is the name of a cartoon character, and his adventures. Morris started the series in the 1940s, and together with René Goscinny, contributed to it until his death in 1977.

Petko Petkov (footballer)

Petko Petkov (; 3 August 1946 – 10 January 2020) was a Bulgarian football player and manager. He played as a forward.

Petkov was born in Sinitevo. He played club football for many teams including Beroe Stara Zagora and Austria Wien. He is Beroe Stara Zagora's record goalscorer in the top league with 144 goals in 260 matches. He also played for the Bulgaria national team. He played 33 times for his country, scoring five goals.

On 10 January 2020, Petkov died in Stara Zagora at the age of 73.




Petko Petkov

Petko Petkov may refer to:


Scene (British TV series)

Scene is a British television anthology drama/documentary series. It was made by the BBC for teenagers. It had plays on current issues and some documentaries. The plays were by leading contemporary playwrights. Playwrights included Willy Russell, Fay Weldon, Tom Stoppard, Alan Plater, Al Hunter Ashton. They were first broadcast to a school audience as part of BBC Schools. Dramas from the series were also broadcast for a wider adult audience. The series ran from 1968 to 2002. Some of the dramas received awards.

"Scene" was a series of 30 minute dramas and documentaries suitable for showing to teenage schoolchildren as part of the English and Humanities curriculum. It was thought that the dramas shown would stimulate discussion in the classroom about contemporary issues relevant to teenagers. This included topics such as race, drugs, sex, and disability. Critical reaction was positive with praise for the high production standards.
Some of the actors featured in "Scene" became successful. for example: Jemima Rooper ("Junk", 1999), Sarah Jane Potts, Jack Deam, Lucy Davis ("Alison", 1996), Adrian Lester ("Teaching Matthew", 1993), Sean Maguire ("A Man of Letters", 1994), Peter Howitt ("Stone Cold").


"Terraces" (1993). The residents of a street of terraced houses decide to paint them all in the colours of their local football team – all except one man who refuses to conform to mob rule. Written by Willy Russell.

"Loved Up" (1995). A young woman leaves home to live with her boyfriend and discovers the rave scene and ecstasy. Series producer Andy Rowley. A 2 x 30 minute abridged version of a BAFTA-winning drama.

"Alison" (1996): BAFTA-nominated Comedy-drama. Terry Kennett decides to return to his home town after a ten-year absence. He bumps into old friends and his former girlfriend Alison who shows him around their old haunts. They reminisce about their teenage romance, first sexual experience and the reasons for their eventual breakup. Terry is shocked to find that Alison is now a young single mother, but decides to rekindle their relationship in the hope that former mistakes are behind them. Written and directed by Al Hunter Ashton and produced by Andy Rowley. Starring Sarah Jane Potts and Jack Deam.

"Teaching Matthew" written by Al Hunter Ashton. A satire on Willy Russell's Educating Rita. Adrian Lester played "Matthew". Ashton acted in the film. He played Sergeant Conway.

"Stone Cold" (1997) Starring Peter Howitt. Link becomes homeless after abuse at home and is prey to a street killer. Directed by Stephen Whittaker and produced by Andy Rowley. BAFTA nominated.

"Junk" (1999): Bafta-winning drama. Following difficulties with her parents, teenager Gemma Brogan leaves home. She falls under the spell of a young woman who introduce her to the world of alternative youth culture and drugs. Initially her new life seems glamorous and exciting but she soon discovers its dark side as she slides into heroin addiction. Starring Jemima Rooper.



Reutte District

The Reutte District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It borders Bavaria (Germany) in the north, the districts Imst and Landeck in the south, and Bregenz and Bludenz (both Vorarlberg) in the west. The district is also referred to as “Außerfern”.

It has an area of is 1,236.37 km². As of 2012, 31,758 people lived there. The administrative center is Reutte.

The district has the valleys of the Lech, the Tannheimer Tal, and the so-called Zwischentoren between Reutte and Fern Pass. Mountain ranges in the district include parts of the Lechtal Alps, Wetterstein Mountains, Allgäu Alps and Tannheim Mountains. Important lakes include Plansee, Heiterwanger See, Haldensee, and Vilsalpsee.

The district has 37 municipalities:

Lienz District

The Lienz District () is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It is the only district in East Tyrol. The district borders the Pinzgau (Salzburg) in the north, the districts Spittal an der Drau and Hermagor (both Carinthia) in the east, Veneto (Italy) in the south, and South Tyrol (Italy) in the west.

It has an area of 2,016.41 km². As of 2019, 48,753 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Lienz.

The district has 33 municipalities:

Schwaz District

The Schwaz District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It borders Bavaria (Germany) in the north, the districts of Kufstein, Kitzbühel and Pinzgau (Salzburg) in the east, South Tyrol (Italy) in the south, and the Innsbruck-Land district in the west.

It has an area of 1,887.49 km². As of 2019, 83,873 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Schwaz.

The district has 39 municipalities:

Kufstein

Kufstein is a town in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The town is the capital of the Kufstein District. It has about 18,400 people lived there that makes it the second largest Tyrolean town, after the state capital Innsbruck.

The greatest landmark is Kufstein Fortress, first mentioned in the 13th century.


Imst District

The Imst District is a district in Tyrol, Austria. It borders the district Reutte in the north, as well as sharing a small border with Bavaria (Germany). It borders the district Innsbruck-Land in the east, South Tyrol (Italy) in the south, and the district Landeck in the west.

The district has an area of , which makes it by area rank 4 of the districts of Tyrol. As of 2019, 60,056 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Imst.

The district has 24 municipalities:

Reutte

Reutte is a market town in the Austrian state of Tyrol and is the administrative center of the Reutte District. As of 2019, 6,772 people lived there.

Reutte is on the river Lech.


Linz-Land District

The Linz-Land District is a district in the state of Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 22 municipalities:

Wiener Neustadt-Land District

The Wiener Neustadt-Land District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Rudolf de Korte

Rudolf Willem de Korte (8 July 1936 – 9 January 2020) was a Dutch politician and businessman. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as the leader of the VDD in 1986. He was a member of the House of Representatives (1977–1986, 1986, 1989–1995). He held many government roles, including as Deputy Prime Minister (1986–1989), Minister of Economic Affairs (1986–1989) and Minister of the Interior (1986).

De Korte was born in The Hague. He married his wife, Karin, in 1966. The couple had two children.

De Korte died on 9 January 2020 in Wassenaar, South Holland. He was 83.

Hollabrunn District

The Hollabrunn District is a district in the state of 
Lower Austria in Austria.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Klaus, Vorarlberg

Klaus is a municipality of the district Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Tenkasi district

Tenkasi is one of the 37 districts of Tamil Nadu, India. The area is separated from Tirunelveli District in 2019. The Government of Tamil Nadu announced its creation on July 18, 2019. The capital is Tenkasi.


Neda Arnerić

Neda Arnerić (; 15 July 1953 – 10 January 2020) was a Serbian actress and politician. She was born in Knjaževac. She was known as a sex symbol of Yugoslav cinema. She appeared in movies such as "Venom" (1971), "Shaft in Africa" (1973) and "The End of the War" (1984). From 2000 to 2004, she was a member of the National Assembly.

Arnerić was married to Milorad Mešterović from 1981 until his death in 2020. On 10 January 2020, Arnerić was found dead in Belgrade. She was 66.

Portuguese Colonial War

The Portuguese Colonial War (Portuguese: "Guerra Colonial Portuguesa") was fought between Portugal's military and the emerging nationalist movements in Portugal's African colonies between 1961 and 1974. Portugal fought the MPLA, FNLA, UNITA and FLEC in Angola between 1961 and 1974. Also, they fought the PAIGC in Guinea-Bissau between 1963 and 1974. Lastly, they fought the FRELIMO in Mozambique between 1964 and 1974.



Abderrazak Rassaa

Abderrazak Rassaa (‎; 4 January 1930 – 7 January 2020) was a Tunisian politician. He was born in Tunis. He was a member of the Socialist Destourian Party. He served as Minister of Finance from 1969 to 1971. He was also Minister of Industry from 1968 to 1969.

Rassaa died on 7 January 2020, at the age of 90.

Midsommar

Midsommar is a 2019 folk horror movie written and directed by Ari Aster. The movie stars Florence Pugh, Jack Reynor, William Jackson Harper, Vilhelm Blomgren, and Will Poulter. It follows a group of friends who travel to Sweden for a midsummmer festival that occurs once every ninety years and find themselves in the clutches of a dangerous pagan cult.



Cremaster muscle

The cremaster muscle is a muscle that covers the testis and the spermatic cord.

The word comes from the transitive Greek verb "I hang" ().

Koblach

Koblach is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Laterns

Laterns is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Satteins

Satteins is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Weiler, Austria

Weiler is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Meiningen, Austria

Meiningen is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Oliver Batali Albino

Oliver Batali Albino (11 November 1935 – 4 January 2020) was a South Sudanese politician, civil servant and writer. He was born in Yei. He served as Minister of Housing and Public Utilities from 1975 to 1978 and as Minister of Labour in 1985. In July 2011, he became a member of South Sudan's Council of States.

On 4 January 2020, Albino died of heart failure in Augusta, Georgia, United States. He was 84.

Fraxern

Fraxern is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Röns

Röns is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is the smallest municipality in Vorarlberg by area.

Madison County, Indiana

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 130,129 people lived there. The county seat is Anderson.

Haitham bin Tariq

Haitham bin Tariq Al Said (, transliteration: "Haitham bin Ṭāriq Āl Saʿīd"; born 13 October 1954) is the Sultan of Oman, having succeeded his cousin Qaboos bin Said on 11 January 2020. He previously served as Minister of Heritage and Culture in the Sultanate of Oman.

After his cousin, Sultan Qaboos, died on 10 January 2020, Haitham bin Tariq became Sultan of Oman. Oman state TV said that the Council of Oman opened a letter by Sultan Qaboos bin Said that he wrote before he died. The letter said who he wanted to rule Oman after he died. After that, they made Haitham bin Tariq the Sultan of Oman.

Florence Pugh

Florence Pugh (born January 3, 1996) is an English actress. She made her professional acting debut in the mystery film "The Falling" (2014) and gained recognition for her portrayal of an unhappily married woman in the independent drama "Lady Macbeth" (2016). Her performance in the latter film won her the British Independent Film Award for Best Actress.

Pugh's breakthrough came in 2019, during which she received positive reviews for her portrayals of professional wrestler Paige in the biographical sports film "Fighting with My Family", an emotionally troubled woman in the horror film "Midsommar", and Amy March in the coming-of-age film "Little Women". For the lattermost, she received a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.

In 2023, she portrayed Jean Tatlock in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer".


Black Widow (movie)

Black Widow is a 2021 American thriller superhero movie directed by Cate Shortland. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the 24th movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It stars Scarlett Johansson, David Harbour, Florence Pugh, O-T Fagbenle, William Hurt, Rachel Weisz. It premiered at events around the world on June 29, 2021 and was released in the United States on July 9, in theatres and on Disney+ with Premier Access at the same time.

After the events of Avengers: Infinity War, Natasha Romanoff is alone and has to face her past. With an unstoppable evil after her, Romanoff must deal with her history as a spy and the mistakes from before her time as an Avenger.



Henry County, Indiana

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 48,914 people lived there. The county seat and largest and only city is New Castle.

Grant County, Indiana

Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 66,674 people lived there. The county seat is Marion.

Penitas, Texas

Penitas is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Howard County, Indiana

Howard County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 83,658 people lived there. The county seat is Kokomo.

Harrison County, Indiana

Harrison County is a county in the far southern part of the U.S. state of Indiana along the Ohio River. The county was created in 1808. As of 2020, 39,654 people lived there. The county seat is Corydon. Corydon used to be capital of Indiana.


Hendricks County, Indiana

Hendricks County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 174,788 people lived there. The county seat is Danville.

Murrieta, California

Murrieta is a city in Riverside County, California. As of the 2020 census, 110,949 people lived in Murrieta.

Huntington County, Indiana

Huntington County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, 36,662 people lived there. The county seat and only city is Huntington.

Lewisville, Texas

Lewisville is a city in Denton County, Texas.

Davie, Florida

Davie is a town of Broward County, Florida in the United States.

Log driving

Log driving means moving logs after they are cut down to a sawmill for more refining. Logs were typically sent down a river or transported over land.

Valdir Joaquim de Moraes

Valdir Joaquim de Moraes (23 November 1931 – 11 January 2020) was a Brazilian football player and manager. He played as a goalkeeper.

De Moraes was born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul. From 1958 to 1969, he played for Palmeiras and won many honours. He also played for the Brazil national team five times between 1956 and 1965.

De Moraes died of multiple organ failure on 11 January 2020 in Porto Alegre. He was 88.



Charge of the Light Brigade

The Charge of the Light Brigade was a failed military attack during the Crimean War in 1854. It was a charge by British Light Cavalry (who didn't have many weapons or armour) against Russians and their allies. The cavalry were supposed to attack regular soldiers, which they were good at, but the British leaders made a mistake and caused the cavalry to attack artillery guns, which they were not good at. It is remembered because there was a poem written by Alfred, Lord Tennyson that praised the bravery of the soldiers. It was also seen as a symbol of the failures of British rulers during that time.

Schlins

Schlins is a municipality of the district Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Schnifis

Schnifis is a municipality of the district of Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Sulz, Vorarlberg

Sulz is a municipality in Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Übersaxen

Übersaxen is a municipality in Feldkirch in the state of Vorarlberg in Austria.


Zwischenwasser

Zwischenwasser is a municipality of the district Feldkirch in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of 1 January 2019, 3,257 people lived there.

Zwischenwasser has an elevation of . Because of its location between two rivers Frutz and Frödisch. The highest mountain is Hoher Freschen (). It is next to the following municipalities: Dornbirn, Laterns, Rankweil, Röthis, Sulz and Viktorsberg.

The municipality has three villages, Muntlix the largest part of Zwischenwasser, Batschuns and Dafins.


Feldkirchen District

The Feldkirchen District is a district in the state of Carinthia in Austria. The capital is Feldkirchen in Kärnten.

Towns are indicated in boldface; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .


Wolfsberg District

The Wolfsberg District is a district in the state of 
Carinthia in Austria. The capital is Wolfsberg.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Braunau am Inn District

The Braunau am Inn District is a district in the state of
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 46 municipalities:

Feldkirchen in Kärnten

Feldkirchen in Kärnten () is a town in the Austrian state of Carinthia. It is the capital of the district of the same name.

Eferding District

The Eferding District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 12 municipalities:

Fram (ship)

The Fram ("Forward") is a ship that was used in expeditions of the Arctic and Antarctic regions. It was used by the Norwegian explorers Fridtjof Nansen, Otto Sverdrup, Oscar Wisting, and Roald Amundsen between 1893 and 1912. It was designed and built by the Scottish-Norwegian shipwright Colin Archer for Fridtjof Nansen's 1893 Arctic expedition In that expedition, the plan was to freeze the "Fram" into the Arctic ice sheet and float with it over the North Pole.

Freistadt District

The Freistadt District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria, in central northern Austria.

The district has 27 municipalities:

Fram (disambiguation)

The Fram was an arctic exploration vessel from Norway. Fram may also refer to:







Nuthatch

The nuthatches are a part of Sitta, a genus of small passerine birds in the family Sittidae. They live in the Northern Hemisphere.

They have large heads, short tails, and powerful bills and feet. Nuthatches advertise their territory with loud, simple songs. Most species have grey or bluish upperparts and a black eye stripe.
They live in forests, often pine coniferous forests, on higher land (montane forests). As usual in such places, insects, nuts and seeds are their food. Unlike other birds, nuthatches can run down trees head-first, and hang upside down. They can run down trees as fast as they climb up them.

Nuthatches use holes in trees for nests. This also means they compete with squirrels and woodpeckers for these holes. In fact both squirrels and the great spotted woodpecker kill nuthatches if they can. Owls and hawks also kill these small birds, but that is not to do with their nest-holes. In defense of their nests, nuthatches make the entrances smaller by packing the edges with mud or tree resin. Predation is not really a threat, just a fact of life for them. Loss of coniferous forest in some countries is a threat, as they cannot live in anything else except in trees.

All nuthatches store food, especially seeds. They hide seeds in tree crevices, in the ground, under small stones, or behind bark flakes. These stores are remembered for as long as 30 days.

Most nuthatches do not migrate. They stay in the forest through the winter, where they roost in large flocks. These flocks can have over 100 nuthatches. Sometimes they include other forest birds, such as tits and woodpeckers.

Steyr

Steyr is a city in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is the capital, though not part of Steyr-Land District. Steyr is Austria's 12th most populated city and the third largest city in Upper Austria. As of 1 January 2019, it has about 38,100 people living there.

The city is in the Traunviertel region, with the two rivers Steyr and Enns flowing through it.


Wels-Land District

The Wels-Land District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 24 municipalities:

Grieskirchen District

The Grieskirchen District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 34 municipalities:

Tollet

Tollet is a municipality in Grieskirchen in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

W (British TV channel)

W (formerly Watch) is a British pay television channel that was launched on 7 October 2008. It is owned by the UKTV network, and is also known by the UKTV Play, GOLD, Dave, and Alibi.

Yesterday (TV channel)

Yesterday is a British free-to-air history-oriented television channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was launched on 30 October 2002 as UK History and relaunched in its current format on 2 March 2009. It is available on satellite through Sky, Freesat and through the digital terrestrial provider Freeview.

Drama (British TV channel)

Drama is a British free-to-air comedy-drama history orbinated television channel broadcast the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland. It was sister channels, GOLD, Dave, W, Alibi and Yesterday and Eden.

Kirchdorf an der Krems District

The Kirchdorf an der Krems District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 23 municipalities:

Perg District

The Perg District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 26 municipalities:

Ried im Innkreis District

The Ried im Innkreis District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 36 municipalities:

Rohrbach District

The Rohrbach District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 40 municipalities:

Krems an der Donau

Krems an der Donau () is a city in Austria. It is also a district of Lower Austria. As of 1 January 2019, 24,876 people lived there.


Arzl im Pitztal

Arzl im Pitztal is a municipality in Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Haiming, Austria

Haiming is a municipality in Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brownstown, Indiana

Brownstown is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Volumetric pipette

A volumetric pipette is a kind of pipette which allows you to find the volume of a solution very accurately. It is also known as a bulb pipette or a belly pipette.

Usage

This kind of pipette has a large bulb on the top end, with a long narrow tube on the other end. It is used to accurately measure small amounts of liquids. You use it by placing the long, narrow end in the desired liquid, then squeeze the top end, the part with the bulb. Pipettes function on suction, sort of like sucking the air out of a water bottle. It gets harder and harder to suck the air out of the water bottle as the inside gets closer to a perfect vacuum. When the apparatus is removed, a small "sucking" sound may be audible. This is the air again reaching equilibrium with the outside air, as outside air rushes in. The same thing goes for a pipette. When you press down on the flexible bulb-like part of the pipette, you create an absence of air in the pipette. When you remove the pressure, the long part of the pipette sucks in the liquid that the end of the pipette is immersed in. A volumetric pipette uses measurements to suck up the exact amount needed of the liquid it is immersed in.

Schärding District

The Schärding District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 30 municipalities:

Steyr-Land District

The Steyr-Land District () is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria. It has an area of 971.7 km². As of 1 January 2019, 60,427 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Steyr.

The district has 21 municipalities:

Urfahr-Umgebung District

The Urfahr-Umgebung District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 27 municipalities:

Vöcklabruck District

The Vöcklabruck District is a district in the state of 
Upper Austria in Austria.

The district has 52 municipalities:

Leoben (district)

The Leoben District is a district in the state of Styria in Austria. It has an area of 1,052 km². As of 1 January 2019, 60,060 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Leoben.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Jackson County, Indiana

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 46,428 people lived there. The county seat is Brownstown.

Jasper County, Indiana

Jasper County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 32,918 people lived there. The county seat is Rensselaer.

Jasper County was created in 1838. It was named after Sgt. William Jasper, a famous scout for the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.

According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.68%) is land and (or 0.31%) is water.

The municipalities in Jasper County, and their populations as of the 2020 census, are:


The 13 townships of Jasper County, with their populations as of the 2020 census, are:

Atchison County, Missouri

Atchison County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Rock Port. In 2020, 5,305 people lived there.

La Parka II

Jesús Alfonso Huerta Escoboza (4 January 1966 – 11 January 2020), better known as La Parka or La Parka II, was a Mexican masked professional wrestler (""). He worked for the professional wrestling promotion AAA from the mid-1990s until 2019. He was born in Hermosillo, Sonora.

Escoboza was not the first wrestler to use the ring name "La Parka". Adolfo Tapia was the first "La Parka" but did not own the trademark or copyright on the name or the character. In the late 1990s, Escoboza was billed as "La Parka Jr.". In 2003, he became the "official" La Parka. Tapia was forced to stop using the name and instead became known as L.A. Park.

Escoboza was badly injured in an October 2019 wrestling match. On 11 January 2020, he died of lung and kidney failure as a result of his injuries. He was 54.


Dade County, Missouri

Dade County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Greenfield. In 2020, 7,569 people lived there.

Washington County, Missouri

Washington County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Potosi. In 2020, 23,514 people lived there. It was organized on August 21, 1813.

Barry County, Missouri

Barry County is a county in southwestern Missouri, United States. The county seat is Cassville. In 2020, 34,534 people lived there. It was organized in 1835.

Audrain County, Missouri

Audrain County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Mexico. In 2020, 24,962 people lived there.

Jennings County, Indiana

Jennings County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 27,613 people lived there. The county seat is Vernon.

Johnson County, Indiana

Johnson County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 161,765 people lived there. The county seat is Franklin.

LaGrange County, Indiana

LaGrange County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 40,446 people lived there. The county seat is LaGrange.

Cooper County, Missouri

Cooper County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Boonville. In 2020, 17,103 people lived there.

Barton County, Missouri

Barton County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Lamar. In 2020, 11,637 people lived there. It was organized in 1855.

Miami County, Indiana

Miami County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 35,962 people lived there. The county seat is Peru.

Bates County, Missouri

Bates County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Butler. In 2020, 16,042 people lived there.

Miami County

Miami County is the name of three counties in the United States:


Falls City, Texas

Falls City is a city in Karnes County, Texas.

Treasure Island (1999 movie)

Treasure Island is a 1999 movie. It is from Robert Louis Stevenson's story. It was written and directed by Peter Rowe. It stars Kevin Zegers as Jim Hawkins and Jack Palance as Long John Silver.

The story takes place in 1759. It differs from the book in that Captain Smollett convinces Squire Trelawney and Doctor Livesey to cut Jim, a 13-year-old boy, out of his rightful share of the treasure. Jim then teams up with Silver. Smollett, Trelawney, and Livesey are killed. Jim, Silver, and Ben Gunn escape with the treasure.


The film was shot in various locations on the Isle of Man. It was distributed by Columbia TriStar and Fries Film Group. The ship used as the Hispaniola was the tall ship Earl of Pembroke.

Producer Adrienne Gruben was nominated for the 2001 Independent Spirit Awards.


Philo of Alexandria

Philo Judaeus, also known as Philo of Alexandria, was a Jewish philosopher who lived from c. 20 BC to c. 50 AD. Philo wanted to prove that the Torah and Greek philosophy actually agreed with each other and he used allegory to do that. In 38 AD, Philo was one of many Egyptian Jews to meet with the Roman Emperor Caligula and he wrote a book about it.

Either Philo’s father or his father’s father was a Jew who became a Roman citizen based on a decision of the dictator Julius Caesar. Philo went to the Second Temple of Jerusalem at least once. Philo lived at the same time as Jesus did.

When Philo was living in Alexandria the Jews were treated badly by the Greeks. According to Philo’s book Against Flaccus, Egypt’s Roman ruler Aulis Avilius Flaccus persecuted the Jews because the Jews refused to worship Caligula as a god. Philo wrote his book Against Flaccus attacking him for doing that. Philo was one of many Jews who went to Rome to convince Caligula not to build a giant statue of himself as the god Jupiter and put it inside the Second Temple of Jerusalem because if Caligula did that the Jews would rebel against him. Philo wrote a book describing his mission to Caligula called Legatio ad Gaium (The Embassy to Gaius) because Gaius was Caligula’s real name.

According to the Jewish historian Titus Flavius Josephus, born Yosef ben Matityahu, in his book The Antiquities of the Jews, Philo was the brother of the Roman-appointed Jewish tax collector Alexander. In Josephus’s version, the Jews refused to worship Caligula even though he commanded them to and Philo believed the Jews were right and that to worship Caligula would be a sin against God. A Roman named Apion came to Alexandria to convince the Jews that they were traitors to the Emperor and that Caligula would punish them but Philo convinced them that “ they should be of good courage, since Gaius’s words indeed showed anger at them but in reality had already set God against himself”. According to Josephus, the Jews of Alexandria chose Philo to represent them to Caligula and Philo said yes because he wanted to end the violence of the Greeks against the Jews.

Quaestiones(Latin for the Inquiries) is a series of books by Philo explaining the Torah, verse by verse with the first four books being about Genesis and the last two about Exodus.

Allegorical Commentary- a book by Philo about hidden meaning in the Book of Genesis.

Exposition of the Law, a classification of all the general topics in the Torah written for both Jews and Gentiles.

On the Life of Moses, a biography of Moses meant to show Moses as a philosopher.

On the Jews, a defence of the religion of Judaism.

On the Contemplative Life, a book by Philo arguing that not only does Greek philosophy not disagree with Judaism it was created by Judaism.

Against Flaccus, a book by Philo attacking Flaccus for his persecution of Egyptian Jews.

The Embassy to Gaius, an eyewitness account of the mission to Caligula.

Every Good Man is Free, about moral philosophy.

On the Eternity of the World, about Metaphysics.

On Animals, about Animals

On Providence, about God.

Philo tries to prove that the teachings of Plato and of Moses actually work well together. He also thinks to be a good person, you have to control your emotions.

Philo believed that all truth was in the Hebrew Bible and that everything in the Torah came from God. Philo believed that all philosophy comes from the Torah and even Greek philosophers got their ideas from there. Philo also said that every person in the Hebrew Bible actually represented a human quality. Adam represents mind, Eve represents the senses and Noah represents (“tranquility”) .

Philo believed that God does not have a body or emotions. Philo says that no one really knows anything for sure except that God exists. Based on Plato, Philo argued that everything that exists has always existed as an idea in the mind of God. 
Because of his mission to Caligula people know that Philo was involved in politics but not what his political beliefs actually were. Philo did write that someone who told a tyrant what he really thought about him put not only his own life in danger but also the lives of his wife and children and that one should therefore not do that except if doing that were likely to work.

For years, Philo was an influence on Christians like Eusebius and Jerome but was ignored by Jewish scholars. Then in 1575, an Italian Rabbi named Azariah die Rossi wrote a book in which he criticized Philo for reading the Torah in Greek instead of Hebrew, for believing that God created the Universe from matter that had always existed instead of believing that He created the Universe out of nothing, for relying too much on allegory in his approach to the Hebrew Bible and for not consulting
Jewish tradition. Rossi then tries to defend Philo and decides that he can’t be sure if Philo’s work is compatible with Judaism or not.

In Another World with My Smartphone

The series is popular on the Shōsetsuka ni Narō website. It has been viewed over 100,000,000 times in total.


Jayalath Manoratne

Keselgaspe Manatunga Jayalath Manoratne (; 12 June 1948 – 12 January 2020) was a Sri Lankan actor. He appeared in movies, television and on stage. He had roles in "Doo Daruwo", "Handaya" and "Hiripoda Wassa". He was born in Nuwara Eliya.

Manoratne died of brain cancer on 12 January 2020 in Maharagama, Colombo. He was 71.

Walter J. Boyne

Walter J. Boyne (February 2, 1929 – January 9, 2020) was an American USAF officer, command pilot, combat veteran, aviation historian and author. He wrote more than 50 books and over 1,000 magazine articles. While most of his books were non-fiction, Boyne wrote some works of fiction, including "" (1986). Boyne served as director of the National Air and Space Museum at the Smithsonian Institution. He was also chairman of the National Aeronautic Association.

Boyne was born in East St. Louis, Illinois. He was married to Jeanne Quigley until her death in 2007. The couple had four children. In 2008, he married Terezia Takacs.

Boyne died on January 9, 2020 in Silver Spring, Maryland. He was 90.

Aart Staartjes

Aart Staartjes (1 March 1938 – 12 January 2020) was a Dutch actor, director, television presenter and documentary maker. He was born in Nieuwendam, Amsterdam. He is best known for his role as Meneer Aart on "Sesamstraat", the Dutch co-production of "Sesame Street". Staartjes also presented the yearly arrival of "Sinterklaas" in the Netherlands.

On 10 January 2020, Staartjes was injured in a car accident. Two days later, he died of his injuries in Groningen. He was 81.

Paulo Gonçalves (motorcyclist)

Paulo Gonçalves (5 February 1979 – 12 January 2020) was a Portuguese rally racing motorcycle rider. He was born in Gemeses, Esposende. He notably won the FIM Cross-Country Rallies World Championship in 2013. At the time of his death in 2020, his team was Hero MotoCorp. He was also a member of KTM, Honda and Husqvarna Motorcycles

On 12 January 2020, Gonçalves crashed during the seventh stage of the Dakar Rally in Saudi Arabia. He was taken to a hospital in the town of Layla where he was pronounced dead. He was 40.

Paulo Gonçalves (football manager)

Paulo Gonçalves (born 18 November 1936) is a Brazilian football manager.

Gonçalves was the head coach of the Brazil women's national team at the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup.


Paulo Gonçalves

Paulo Gonçalves may refer to:

Tony Garnett

Tony Garnett (3 April 1936 – 12 January 2020) was a British producer of movies and television and actor. He was born in Birmingham. He acted in mostly TV roles from the late-1950s until the mid-1960s. He is best known for his partnership filmmaker Ken Loach. With Loach, Garnett's credits include "Cathy Come Home" (1966), "The Big Flame" (1969), "Kes" (1969), "Family Life" (1971) and "Black Jack" (1979). Garnett's later movie credits include "Prostitute" (1980), "Handgun" (1983), "Earth Girls Are Easy" (1988) and "Beautiful Thing" (1996).

Garnett died on 12 January 2020, at the age of 83.

Jammu and Kashmir

Jammu and Kashmir may refer to:


2020 Taal Volcano eruption

The Taal Volcano in the Philippines erupted on January 12, 2020 with the alert level of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) escalating from Alert Level 2 to Alert Level 4. 

The main crater spread ashes to Calabarzon, Metro Manila, and some parts of Central Luzon.

Robert Abela

Robert Abela (born 22 June 1977) is a Maltese lawyer and politician. He was appointed the 14th Prime Minister of Malta on January 13, 2020.

Abela is the son of former President of Malta George Abela.

Parliament of Malta

The Parliament of Malta ( or also known as "Il-Maħdet ta' Malta") is the constitutional legislative body in Malta, located in Valletta.

The parliament is unicameral, with a democratically elected House of Representatives and the President of Malta. 

By Constitutional law, all government ministers, including the Prime Minister, must be members of the House of Representatives.

Angelo Farrugia

Angelo "Anġlu" Farrugia (born 29 December 1955) is a Maltese politician. He is the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta. He was the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party, a Member of Parliament.

Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta

The Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta () is the presiding officer of the House of Representatives of Malta. 

The Speaker is responsible for controlling the flow of House business.

Chief Justice of Malta

The Chief Justice of Malta is the main judge of the members of the Maltese judiciary and leads the business of the Superior Courts of Malta.


Joseph Azzopardi

Joseph Azzopardi (born 8 April 1955) is a Maltese judge. He is the Chief Justice of Malta since 2018. He was born in Senglea, Malta.

On 23 May 2003, Azzopardi was promoted by Prime Minister Eddie Fenech Adami (PN) as Judge of the Superior Courts. 

In April 2018, at 63, Azzopardi was appointed by Prime Minister Joseph Muscat (PL) as Chief Justice of Malta. 

Hydrox

Hydrox is a cream-filled cookie sandwich made by Leaf Brands. It originally launched in 1908, and was made by Sunshine Biscuits for over 90 years. Hydrox cookies have a sweet filling and a crunchy cookie shell.

The Oreo cookie, introduced in 1912, was inspired by the Hydrox. The Oreo eventually became more popular than Hydrox which resulted in Hydrox being thought of as a copy of Oreo. Hydrox was mostly closed in 1999 after Sunshine was bought by Keebler, which was later bought by Kellogg's.

In 2008, fans of Hydrox made thousands of phone calls and an online petition asking Kellogg's to make Hydrox again for its 100th anniversary. Kellogg's started making Hydrox again for less than one year. In September 2015, Leaf Brands began making Hydrox again with a new recipe. Leaf Brands filed a report with the US Federal Trade Commission in 2019. Leaf Brands claimed that the maker of Oreos, Mondelez International, unfairly put Hydrox products behind Oreo products on supermarket shelves.


Isabel-Clara Simó

Isabel-Clara Simó i Monllor (4 April 1943 – 13 January 2020) was a Spanish journalist and writer. She was born in the town of Alcoi, Valencian Community. She was thought to be one of the most important writers in the Catalan language. Simó was awarded several prizes, including the Premi Sant Jordi in 1993. As a journalist, she was the director of "Canigó" magazine and has a daily column in the newspaper "Avui".

Simó died of a neurodegenerative disease in Barcelona on 13 January 2020 at the age of 76.

Steve Stiles

Steve Stiles (July 16, 1943 – January 11, 2020) was an American cartoonist and writer. He won the 2016 Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist. He was born in New York City. He worked for "Underground comix" and "Heavy Metal". 

On January 7, 2020, Stiles announced that he had terminal cancer. He died on January 11, 2020 from the disease at a hospital in Maryland, aged 76.


Randallstown, Maryland

Randallstown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. It is a suburb of Baltimore. It has a population of 33,655 as of the 2020 census.

Baltimore County, Maryland

Baltimore County is third-most populous county located in the U.S. state of Maryland and is part of the Baltimore metropolitan area and Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area.

Roger Scruton

Sir Roger Vernon Scruton (; 27 February 194412 January 2020) was an English philosopher and conservative writer. He held traditionalist conservative views.

He was the editor from 1982 to 2001 of "The Salisbury Review". Scruton wrote over 50 books on philosophy, art, music, politics, literature, culture, sexuality, and religion. His best known works were "The Meaning of Conservatism" (1980), "Sexual Desire" (1986), "The Aesthetics of Music" (1997), and "How to Be a Conservative" (2014).

He was a regular contributor to the popular media, including "The Times", "The Spectator", and the "New Statesman".

Scruton was born in Buslingthorpe, Lincolnshire, England. He studied at Jesus College, Cambridge. He lived in Brinkworth, Wiltshire, England.

Scruton was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in July 2019. He died on 12 January 2020 from the disease at his home in Brinkworth at the age of 75.

Joan Benson

Joan Benson (October 9, 1925 – January 1, 2020) was an American keyboard player. Her works focused on the clavichord and fortepiano. She was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. 

From 1968 through 1976, she taught at Stanford University until joining the faculty at the University of Oregon in Eugene, where she taught through 1987.

Benson died on January 1, 2020 in Eugene, Oregon at the age of 94.


John R. Cunningham

John Robert "Jack" Cunningham, O.C., (January 5, 1927 – January 4, 2020) was a Canadian medical physicist. He was known for his works in the development of radiation treatment planning dose calculations in radiation therapy. In 1988 he was awarded the highest award given by the American Association of Physicists in Medicine. He taught at the University of Alberta in Edmonton.

Cunningham died on January 4, 2020 at the age of 92.

Carlos Cuco Rojas

Carlos Rojas Hernández, better known as Carlos "Cuco" Rojas, (28 March 1954 – 10 January 2020) was a Colombian harpist and songwriter. His genre of work was joropo. He was the director of Colombian band Cimarron. He was born in San Martín, Meta, Colombia. Rojas was part of the Colombian folkloric musicians that went with writer Gabriel García Márquez to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Rojas died of a heart attack on 10 January 2020 in Bogota at the age of 65.

Musharraf Karim

Musharraf Karim (9 January 1946 – 11 January 2020) was a Bangladeshi writer and journalist. He was honored with the Bangla Academy Literary Award in 2003. He was a fellow of Bangla Academy. Karim was born in Mymensingh. Khan was the news editor of "Daily Dinkal". He was a permanent member of the Jatiya Press Club. 

Khan died on 11 January 2020 at a private hospital in Mymensingh at the age of 74.

Phoebe Waller-Bridge

Phoebe Mary Waller-Bridge (born 14 July 1985) is an English actress and writer. She created, wrote, and starred in the Channel 4 comedy-drama series "Crashing" (2016) and the BBC comedy-drama series "Fleabag" (2016–2019). 

She was also the showrunner and executive producer for the first series of the BBC America thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–present). 

Tom Miller (politician)

Thomas John Miller (born August 11, 1944) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the 33rd and current Attorney General of Iowa. In 2012, Miller became the longest serving State Attorney General in the United States, having been in office since 1995. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He lost re-election in 2022 to Republican Brenna Bird.

Lord Tim Hudson

George Timothy Hudson (11 February 1940 – 14 December 2019), known as Lord Tim Hudson, was an English DJ and voice actor. He worked in Los Angeles for KFWB during the mid 1960s and was the manager of The Seeds and The Lollipop Shoppe. He was a sports manager, notably of the cricketer Ian Botham. He voiced characters in the animated Disney movies "The Jungle Book" and "The Aristocats". He was born in Prestbury, Cheshire, England. Hudson died on 14 December 2019.


Murad Wilfried Hofmann

Murad Wilfried Hofmann (6 July 1931 – 13 January 2020) was a German politician and author. He wrote many books on Islam, including "Journey to Makkah" () and "Islam: The Alternative" (). He was one of the signatories of A Common Word Between Us and You. He was born in Aschaffenburg, Germany. Hofmann was a German ambassador to Algeria (1987–1990) and Morocco (1990–1994).

Hofmann died on 13 January 2020 in Bonn, Germany at the age of 88.


Northbrook, Illinois

Northbrook is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. It is found in north Cook County.

Sultan of Oman

The Sultan of the Sultanate of Oman is the monarch and head of state of Oman. It is the most powerful position in the country. The sultans of Oman are members of the Al Said dynasty, which is the ruling family of Oman.

Since 11 January 2020, Haitham bin Tariq Al Said has been the current sultan.

James Barber (biochemist)

James Barber (16 July 1940 – 5 January 2019) was a British biochemist. He was a senior research investigator and professor of biochemistry at Imperial College London, Visiting Professor at the Polytechnic University of Turin and Visiting Canon Professor to Nanyang Technological University (NTU) in Singapore. 

In 1995, Barber became a member of the Australian Academy of Science. In 2005, he won the ENI Award. Barber became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2003.

Barber died on 5 January 2020 at the age of 79.

Paul Pelosi

Paul Francis Pelosi Sr. (born April 15, 1940) is an American businessman. He owns Financial Leasing Services, Inc., a San Francisco-based real estate and investment company. He also owned the Sacramento Mountain Lions, a team in the United Football League (which does not exist any more).

He is the husband of the U.S. House speaker, Nancy Pelosi and has had five children with her.

In the early hours of October 28, 2022, a man broke into Pelosi's San Francisco home screaming "Where's Nancy?" multiple times and attacked Pelosi with a hammer. The suspect was taken into police custody, while Pelosi was hospitalized with blunt force injuries and had surgery on his skull.

42 year old, David DePape was the assailant.

David Montgomery, 2nd Viscount Montgomery of Alamein

David Bernard Montgomery, 2nd Viscount Montgomery of Alamein (18 August 1928 – 8 January 2020) was a British politician and businessman. He was a member of the House of Lords from 1976 through 1999 and again from 2005 through 2015. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1975 and a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 2000.

Montgomery died on 8 January 2020 at the age of 91.

Julie Strain

Julie Ann Strain (February 18, 1962 – January 10, 2021) was an American actress and model. She was "Penthouse" Pet of the Month in June 1991. In movies, she appeared in "" and "Beverly Hills Cop III". From 1998 through 2001, she hosted "Sex Court". She was born in Concord, California.

In November 2018, Strain announced that she had advanced dementia and was placed in hospice care. She died from the disease on January 10, 2021 at the age of 58.

Serbian three-finger salute

The three-finger salute (, "three fingers"), usually known as the Serb salute, is a salute which, at first, represented the Holy Trinity, was used when making oaths, and as a symbol of Serbian Orthodoxy, but today it is usually a gesture for ethnic Serbs and Serbia. It is made by stretching out the thumb, index, and middle fingers of one or both hands. 

In Serbian and Orthodox tradition, the number three is very important. Three fingers are used when signing the cross in Orthodoxy, to represent the three parts of the Trinity. In history, Serbs used the three-finger salute when they were making oaths. Often, the salute was done with both hands above the head. A Serbian proverb says that "There is no cross without three fingers" (нема крста без три прста). Karađorđe was made the leader of the First Serbian Uprising after all the members of the uprising raised their "three fingers in the air" and by doing that swore an oath to him. 

Carlos Girón

Carlos Armando Girón Gutiérrez (3 November 1954 — 13 January 2020) was a Mexican diver. He competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics, winning one medal at the 1980 Olympics. He was born in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico. 

On 13 January 2020, Girón died from pneumonia in Mexico City at age 65.


Jaime Humberto Hermosillo

Jaime Humberto Hermosillo Delgado (22 January 1942 – 13 January 2020) was a Mexican movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Aguascalientes City, Mexico. He worked with Gabriel García Márquez on "Mary My Dearest" in 1979 and "The Summer of Miss Forbes" in 1988. His 1991 movie "Homework" was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Mention.

On 13 January 2020, Hermosillo died in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico at the age of 77.


John Carroll (politician)

John Stanley Carroll (December 18, 1929 – September 19, 2021) was an American politician. He was a state representative and state senator from Hawaii as a Republican. He was born in St. Marys, Kansas.

In 1966 Carroll ran for one of Hawaii's two at-large congressional district seats, but came in third place behind incumbents Patsy Mink and Spark Matsunaga.

On June 14, 2019 he announced that he would run for mayor of Honolulu. He came in 8th place in November 2020.

Carroll died on September 19, 2021 in Oahu, Hawaii at the age of 91.

St. Marys, Kansas

St. Marys is a city in Pottawatomie and Wabaunsee counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 2,759.

Greg Mullavey

Greg Mullavey (born Gregory Thomas Mulleavy Jr.; September 10, 1939) is an American actor. He was best known for his role as Tom Hartman on the television series "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" and Carly's grandfather in "iCarly". He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Cec Purves

Cecil John Harry "Cec" Purves (born October 18, 1933) is a Canadian politician and businessman. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta. Purves was the 30th Mayor of Edmonton from 1977 through 1983 as an Independent.


Tamie Fraser

Tamara Margaret "Tamie" Fraser (born 28 February 1936) is an Australian philanthropist. She is the widow of Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser. She held the title Spouse of the Prime Minister between 1975 and 1983.

Fraser was born in Adelaide, South Australia.

Fraser founded and was president of The Australiana Fund from 1978 to 1983. She is President of Australia's Open Garden Scheme. In 2004 she was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia.

The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku

"The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku" ("Rock for Croatia") was a popular album of anti-war and patriotic songs by many different songwriters and bands (a compilation album). It was released in 1992, during the Croatian War of Independence. Some of the artists whose songs were in this album were popular across Yugoslavia before it broke up, like Psihomodo pop, Jura Stublić, Parni valjak, Boa, and Aerodrom's Jura Pađen. They took a pro-Croatian stance as the Yugoslav Wars began, while other popular songwriters and bands like Azra did not have their songs in the album because they broke up.

The album also made some new people popular, like the dance group ET, rock band Thompson and others. They would become the first specifically Croatian bands.



Natalie Trundy

Natalie Trundy (born Natalie Trundy Campagna, August 5, 1940 – December 5, 2019) was an American actress. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She was known for her roles as Albina in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", Dr. Stephanie Branton in "Escape from the Planet of the Apes" and as Lisa in both "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes" and "Battle for the Planet of the Apes".

Trundy died in Los Angeles on December 5, 2019 at the age of 79.

Wolfgang Nastainczyk

Wolfgang Nastainczyk (1 January 1932 – 13 December 2019) was a German theologian, lecturer and priest. He taught at the University of Regensburg alongside Joseph Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict XVI). He was the cousin of another noted German theologian, Johannes Tenzler. Nastainczyk was born in Leobschütz, Upper Silesia. 

Carla Calò

Carla Calò, also known as Carrol Brown, (21 September 1926 – 29 December 2019) was an Italian actress. She was born in Palermo, Italy. Her best known roles were in "Totò Le Mokò", "Captain Falcon" and in "One Thousand Dollars on the Black".

Calò died on 29 December 2019 at the age of 93.

Charles Williams, Baron Williams of Elvel

Charles Cuthbert Powell Williams, Baron Williams of Elvel, (9 February 1933 – 30 December 2019) was a British businessman, cricketer and Labour life peer. He was a member of the House of Lords from 1985 until his death.

In his 20s he played first-class cricket while at university and for several seasons afterwards. He was the stepfather of Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury.

Ratko Janev

Ratko Janev () (March 30, 1939 – December 31, 2019) was a Macedonian atomic physicist. He was a member of the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts.

Janev was born in Sveti Vrač, Bulgaria. From 1986, he was in charge of the Atomic and Molecular Unit of the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna. In 1972, Janev became Adjunct professor of nuclear physics at the University of Skopje and Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Belgrade. 

Janev died on December 31, 2019 in Belgrade at the age of 80.



Martin West (actor)

Martin Weixelbaum (August 28, 1937 – December 31, 2019), known professionally as Martin West, was an American actor. He was born in Westhampton, New York.

West was known for his roles as Lawson in John Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13" as well as the lead role in "Freckles". He was also known for playing roles in the soap operas "General Hospital" as Dr Phil Brewer and "As the World Turns" as Donald "Don" Hughes.

West died on December 31, 2019 in Norwalk, Connecticut at the age of 82.


Westhampton, New York

Westhampton is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 3,621 at the 2020 census.

Westhampton is in the Town of Southampton.

Bong Joon-ho

Bong Joon-ho (, ; born September 14, 1969) is a South Korean movie director and screenwriter. He became internationally known for his second feature movie "Memories of Murder" (2003), "The Host" (2006) and "Snowpiercer" (2013). His 2019 movie, "Parasite", earned him an Academy Award for Best Director in 2020. He was born in Daegu, South Korea.

Parasite (2019 movie)

Parasite () is a 2019 South Korean black comedy thriller movie directed by Bong Joon-ho, who also wrote the movie's story. The movie stars Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, Cho Yeo-jeong, Choi Woo-shik, and Park So-dam. 

"Parasite" had its world premiere at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival on 21 May 2019, where it became the first Korean movie to win the Palme d'Or. It received positive reviews from critics. It also made $131 million worldwide, becoming the third highest-grossing movie in South Korea.

At the 92nd Academy Awards, the movie earned six nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best International Feature Film, winning all three categories. At the 77th Golden Globe Awards, the movie won the award for Best Foreign Language Film.

"Parasite" is the first non-English movie to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.

Aladdin (2019 movie)

Aladdin is a 2019 American musical fantasy movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It was directed by Guy Ritchie. It is a live-action adaptation of Disney's 1992 animated movie of the same name.

"Aladdin" was theatrically released in the United States on May 24, 2019. It made $1 billion worldwide, becoming the eighth-highest-making movie of 2019. The movie had mixed reviews from critics.


Jean Seberg

Jean Dorothy Seberg (; ; November 13, 1938August 30, 1979) was an American actress. Her performance in Jean-Luc Godard's 1960 movie "Breathless" made her an icon of French New Wave cinema.

She appeared in 34 movies in Hollywood, including "Saint Joan", "Bonjour Tristesse", "Lilith", "The Mouse That Roared", "Moment to Moment", "A Fine Madness", "Paint Your Wagon", "Airport", "Macho Callahan", and "Gang War in Naples".

Totò

Antonio Griffo Focas Flavio Angelo Ducas Comneno Porfirogenito Gagliardi De Curtis di Bisanzio (15 February 1898 – 15 April 1967), best known by his stage name Totò, () or simply as Antonio De Curtis, and nicknamed "il Principe della risata" ("the Prince of laughter"), was an Italian actor, comedian, writer, poet, singer and lyricist. 

Some of his best-known movies are "Fifa e Arena", "Totò al Giro d'Italia", "Totò Sceicco", "Guardie e ladri", "Totò e le donne", "Totò Tarzan", "Totò terzo uomo", "Totò a colori" (the first Italian color movie, 1952, in Ferraniacolor), "I soliti ignoti", "Totò, Peppino e la malafemmina", and "La legge è legge".


Africa (Toto song)

"Africa" is a song recorded by the American rock band Toto in 1981. The song was for their fourth studio album "Toto IV," and released as the album's third single on September 30, 1982, through Columbia Records.

The song was written by band members David Paich and Jeff Porcaro. The soft rock song lyrically talks about the themes of love and location.

Toto

Toto may refer to:








Qi Baishi

Qi Baishi (1 January 1864 – 16 September 1957) was a Chinese painter. He was known for his watercolor works. In 1953, he was elected president of the China Artists Association (中國美術家協會). He died in Beijing in 1957.


Cynthia Spencer, Countess Spencer

Cynthia Ellinor Beatrix Spencer, Countess Spencer ("née" Hamilton; 16 August 1897 – 4 December 1972) was a British peeress and the paternal grandmother of Diana, Princess of Wales.

Sanamahism

Sanamahism or Sanamahi religion (), also known as Kangleism (Kanglei religion) or Lainingthouism (Lainingthou religion) or Meitei religion or Meetei religion or ancient Manipuri religion, is an ancient ancestor worshipping religion. It is the indigenous religion of the Meitei people and the tribal people of Manipur. It is a polytheistic religion. In Sanamahism, thousands of Gods are worshipped in several pantheons. It is a pre-Vaishnavite faith of the Meiteis and the pre-Hinduism religion of Manipur. This minority religion is a legally as well as socially recognized religion.

Sanamahism is a 3800 years old religion and has its roots mainly in Southeast Asia. During its revivalism process, Sanamahism has some conflicts with Hinduism.

The term Sanamahism is derived from the word Sanamahi, who is an important deity in the religion.


Skunk Works

Skunk Works is an official pseudonym for Lockheed Martin's Advanced Development Programs (ADP). The program was formerly called Lockheed Advanced Development Projects. It is in charge of a few aircraft type designs. These includes the U-2, the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird, the Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk, Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor, and the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II. These aircrafts are used in several countries' air forces.

Other projects are as follows


Elizabethan era

The Elizabethan era was a time in the history of England. It is generally seen as the time period of the reign of Elizabeth I, from 1558 to 1603. It is also the time of Renaissance architecture in England. During that time, the economy prospered. Even though it happened during a time when there was a conflict between Catholics and Protestants in England, Elizabeth could keep these problems from spreading.

The Elizabethan era had several notable features:

Golden Age of English Literature: It was a time of great literary achievements, with renowned playwrights like William Shakespeare and Christopher Marlowe producing some of their most famous works. Cultural Renaissance: The era witnessed a flourishing of arts, music, and literature, with a renewed interest in classical Greek and Roman works. Exploration and Colonization: Elizabethan England saw a surge in maritime exploration and the establishment of colonies, most notably in North America. Monarchical Power: Queen Elizabeth I wielded significant authority and was admired for her strong leadership, which contributed to political stability and national pride. Fashion and Style: The Elizabethan era is known for its distinctive clothing and elaborate fashion trends, with ruffled collars, corsets, and richly embroidered garments. Theatre and Entertainment: Theatre became a popular form of entertainment, with the construction of famous theatres like the Globe, where plays were performed to enthusiastic audiences. Scientific Progress: The era marked advancements in fields such as astronomy, medicine, and navigation, with notable figures like Sir Francis Drake and Sir Walter Raleigh making significant contributions.

William Shakespeare's works held immense importance in the Elizabethan era as they reflected and shaped the cultural, political, and social landscape of the time. His plays, such as "Hamlet" and "Macbeth," explored complex human emotions and societal issues, offering a mirror to the challenges and values of Elizabethan society. Additionally, his influence on the English language contributed significantly to its development, leaving an enduring impact on literature and drama. 

Furthermore, Shakespeare's plays were not only a form of entertainment but also served as a powerful tool for political commentary. The themes of power, ambition, and the consequences of unchecked authority in plays like "Julius Caesar" resonated with the political struggles of the Elizabethan court. His portrayal of characters navigating treacherous political landscapes offered the audience a reflection of their own societal tensions.

Moreover, Shakespeare's contribution to the elevation of the English language cannot be overstated. Through his mastery of language and poetry, he played a pivotal role in standardizing and enriching the English vocabulary. Many commonly used phrases and expressions today find their origins in Shakespeare's eloquent verses, showcasing his enduring linguistic impact on the development of the English language.


Taal Volcano

Taal Volcano is a complex volcano on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. Taal has 34 recorded eruptions. This makes it the second most active volcano in the coast of mexico. On 12 January 2020, the volcano began erupting. Many people close to the volcano began to be evacuated.

North Dakota State Capitol

The North Dakota State Capitol is the house of government of the U.S. state of North Dakota.
The Capitol, a 21-story tower, is in Bismarck at 600 East Boulevard Avenue, on a campus that also houses many other government buildings and is the tallest habitable building in North Dakota. It is built in the Art Deco style. The original North Dakota capitol building was built in 1883-84, in a Romanesque Revival style made popular by the famous American architect H.H. Richardson. A stately structure, it caught fire and was completely destroyed in 1930.

Eden (TV channel)

Eden is a British pay nature television channel by broadcasted the United Kingdom and Ireland as part of the UKTV channels. The channel was originally launched on 8 March 2004 and relaunched in its current format on 27 January 2009.


TikTok

TikTok is an online video sharing social networking service. It lets people create short videos that can range from 3 seconds to 10 minutes. TikTok videos can be about any topic. TikTok is popular all around the world. It was first released under the name of Musical.ly but was later bought out and renamed to TikTok. 
TikTok was created by ByteDance. It was released in September 2016 and was the most downloaded app in the United States in October 2018. As of 2022, TikTok has over 3 billion downloads, and over 1 billion active users each month.

On 29 June 2020, India decided to ban 59 apps including TikTok. A month later on 31 July 2020, US President Donald Trump announced a possible ban of the app. Then, on 18 September 2020, the Trump administration announced that the app would be removed from U.S. app stores on 12 November 2020, unless ByteDance can assure the Trump administration that the app does not pose a threat to U.S. security.

ByteDance

ByteDance Ltd. () is an Chinese Internet technology company headquartered in Beijing which owns Toutiao and TikTok. It was founded by Zhang Yiming in 2012 and the shared ownership given to its employees.

Maine Coon

The Maine Coon is the biggest cat breed used as a pet. It has a unique look and good hunting skills. It is one of the oldest natural breeds in North America. It is native to the state of Maine, where it is the official state cat.

Nobody knows for sure how the Maine Coon got to the United States, so there are many different ideas. The breed was popular in cat shows in the late 19th century. It almost became extinct in the early 20th century because of long-haired breeds being more popular. The Maine Coon became more popular in the 1970s. It is now one of the most popular cat breeds in the USA.

The Maine Coon is a large and friendly cat. This is how it got its nickname, "the gentle giant". It is known for having a big ruff along its chest, robust bone structure, rectangular body shape, an uneven two layered coat, and a long, bushy tail. The breed can be many different colors. If a Maine Coon is chocolate or lilac colored, it could be a crossbreed. People often say the Maine Coon is similar to dogs. Because the cat is so big, professionals have seen certain health problems that Maine Coons get. Some of these are feline hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and hip dysplasia. Many breeders do things to make these problems happen less.

Bay of Kotor

The Bay of Kotor (Serbian and Montenegrin: Бока Которска / "Boka Kotorska"), also known as the Boka, is the bay of the Adriatic Sea in southwestern Montenegro and the region of Montenegro around the bay.

Its well-preserved medieval towns of Kotor, Risan, Tivat, Perast, Prčanj and Herceg Novi, along with their natural surroundings, are major tourist attractions. The Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1979. Its numerous Orthodox and Catholic churches and monasteries attract numerous religious and cultural pilgrims.

Ohio State Buckeyes men's volleyball

The Ohio State Buckeyes men's volleyball is one of the 18 men's varsity teams at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. The team is coached by Pete Hanson, who is in his 36th season as head coach. The Buckeyes are a charter member of the Midwest Intercollegiate Volleyball Association (MIVA), which they have been competing in since their founding in 1968. The team has won 27 regular season MIVA titles, 17 tournament titles and three NCAA Men's Volleyball Tournament titles. They currently host their home matches at the Covelli Center on campus.

Develo

The Develo (デベロ) is an official Japanese PC Engine hobbyist development kit for NEC's console. It comes with a C compiler and an assembler. Some games that were made with this kit came out on demo discs, such as Frisbee Ken John.

Moosonee, Ontario

Moosonee is a town in northern Ontario, Canada. It is on the Moose River.

János Aczél (mathematician)

János Dezső Aczél (; 26 December 1924 – 1 January 2020) was a Hungarian-Canadian mathematician. He worked in functional equations and information theory. He was born in Budapest. He was the founder of the journal "Aequationes Mathematicae", first published in 1968, and remained its honorary editor-in-chief.

In 1971, he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. In 1990 he became an external member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

Croatian checkerboard

The Croatian checkerboard or chequy (Croatian: "šahovnica" ) is the national symbol of Croatia. It is the main shield of the Croatian coat of arms. On top of the main shield is the crown with five smaller shields, each representing a region of Croatia. The squares in the "šahovnica" are always arranged the right way, colored red and white. Historically, the order varied.

There is a legend, probably from the 19th century, which talks about how the Croatian king Držislav, captured by the Venetians, played a chess match. His opponent was Doge Pietro II Orseolo. He won and became free, and in some versions of the story he also got power over the Dalmatian cities. Then he put the chessboard in his coat of arms.

It first came into use in Croatian coat of arms around year 1495, as depicted on a temple hall located in Innsbruck, Austria. There is likelyhood that it has been borrowed by the House of Habsburg (who ruled the Hungarian-Croatian throne at the time) from other West Slavic coats of arms, as the silver-red colored pattern was popular among the 12–14th century Polish and Czech noble families. The cheque pattern in European heraldry was likely inspired by the board game of chess.

It is considered as the national symbol of Croatia, and is prominently displayed at sporting events. As such, the pattern in these colors remains associated mostly with the nation of Croatia.

Robert Sheldon, Baron Sheldon

Robert Edward Sheldon, Baron Sheldon PC (born Isaac Ezra Shamash; 13 September 1923 – 2 February 2020) was a British Labour politician. He was a member of the British Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne from 1964 through 2001. Under the Primership of Harold Wilson and James Callaghan, he was the Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1975 through 1979.

He was made a Privy Counsellor in 1977. He was created a life peer as Baron Sheldon, of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County of Greater Manchester on 22 June 2001. He retired from the House of Lords on 18 May 2015.

Sheldon died of a heart attack on 2 February 2020, aged 96.


Bill Rodgers, Baron Rodgers of Quarry Bank

William Thomas Rodgers, Baron Rodgers of Quarry Bank, PC (born 28 October 1928), usually known as William Rodgers, but also often known as Bill Rodgers, is a British politician. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire.

He was one of the 'Gang of Four' of senior British Labour Party politicians left the party to form the Social Democratic Party (SDP). He helped to lead the SDP into the merger that formed the Liberal Democrats. He was that party's leader in the House of Lords from 1997 through 2001.


Roger Roberts, Baron Roberts of Llandudno

John Roger Roberts, Baron Roberts of Llandudno (born 23 October 1935), is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician, Methodist minister, and life peer. He was for many years President of the Welsh Liberals, and later, the Welsh Liberal Democrats. In 2004, he became a member of the House of Lords.

Dick Taverne

Dick Taverne, Baron Taverne, QC (born 18 October 1928) is an English Liberal Democrat politician and life peer in the House of Lords.

Gesher (2019 political party)

Gesher (, lit. "Bridge") is a liberal and centrist political party in Israel. It was created in December 2018 by former Yisrael Beitenu MK Orly Levy. 

The party focuses on economic and cost-of-living issues, aiming to reduce inequality. The name of the party is a reference to the party founded by Orly's father, David Levy.

Participating in the Netanyahu-Gantz Government.

Orly Levy-Abekasis

Orly Levy-Abekasis (, born 11 November 1973) is an Israeli politician. She is a member of the Knesset for Gesher. 

In 2019, she formed her own party, Gesher, while running in the April 2019 elections. Although the party failed to win a seat, she returned to the Knesset following the September 2019 elections, in which Gesher ran together with the Labor Party.

Stav Shaffir

Stav Shaffir (; born 17 May 1985) is an Israeli politician. She is the leader of the Green Party, she was a member of the Knesset for the Democratic Union alliance. 

In December 2019, Shaffir announced that she would be renaming the Green Movement the Green Party, and would run independently in the 2020 elections.

Bacterial vaginosis

Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is a disease of the vagina caused by a large growth of bacteria. 

Common symptoms include increased vaginal discharge that often smells like fish. The discharge is usually white or gray in color. Burning with urination may occur

It also increases the risk of early delivery among pregnant women.

First impeachment trial of Donald Trump

The first impeachment trial of President Donald Trump in the United States Senate began on January 16, 2020, and ended on February 5, 2020. 

It took place following President Trump's impeachment by the U.S. House of Representatives on December 18, 2019, after a two-month inquiry stage which lasted from September to November 2019. The House passed two articles of impeachment which charged him with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. If Trump had been found guilty, he would have been removed from the presidency. On February 5, the Senate voted to acquit President Donald Trump (decide that he was not guilty), for both charges.

Speaker Nancy Pelosi refused to send the articles of impeachment to the Senate after the House approved it. Senator Lindsey Graham proposed that he and Senator Mitch McConnell "change the rules of the Senate so we could start the trial without [Pelosi], if necessary".

On January 9, 2020, Pelosi said she would deliver the articles soon, but continued to cite a need for Republican transparency in the Senate; the same day, McConnell informed members of his caucus that he expected the trial to begin next week, and Senator Josh Hawley announced that McConnell had signed on as a co-sponsor to his resolution to dismiss articles of impeachment not sent to the Senate within 25 days. 

On January 10, Pelosi announced that she had "asked Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler to be prepared to bring to the Floor next week a resolution to appoint managers and transmit articles of impeachment to the Senate".

At the end of the January 21 session, the Senate voted along party lines to pass Mitch McConnell's proposed trial rules and reject 11 amendments proposed by Democrats. The prosecution's opening arguments and presentation of evidence took place between January 22–24. Trump's defense presentation began on January 25. The primary arguments were a lack of direct evidence of wrongdoing, and that Democrats were attempting to use the impeachment to steal the 2020 election. Under the U.S. Constitution, a two-thirds majority of the Senate is required to convict the president.

The only mention of the chief justice in the entire constitution is that he is the presiding officer in the impeachment trial of the president. Under senate rules adopted in 1998, he also exercises this function in the trial of a vice president.

The White House has formally announced its Senate trial counsel as being led by White House Counsel Pat Cipollone and Jay Sekulow, alongside Ken Starr, Alan Dershowitz, Pam Bondi, Jane Raskin, Eric Herschmann, and Robert Ray. Additionally, Michael Purpura and Patrick Philbin will participate in the trial.

On January 20, the White House named eight House Republicans to serve on Trump's defense team: Doug Collins, Mike Johnson, Jim Jordan, Debbie Lesko, Mark Meadows, John Ratcliffe, Elise Stefanik, and Lee Zeldin.

There were many witnesses who wished to testify before the Senate. The Senate voted on whether or not to allow witnesses to testify. Fifty-one votes were required to allow witnesses. There were 47 Democrats* and 53 Republicans in the Senate. All the Democrats* voted to allow witnesses to testify. Of the Republicans, Mitt Romney from Utah and Susan Collins of Maine voted to allow witnesses. This did not meet the required number of votes, and so no witnesses were allowed to testify.

On February 5, 2020 the Senate acquitted Trump on both charges. The votes were 52-48 to acquit on the first count and 53-47 to acquit on the second count. All Democrats, both independents, and only one Republican, Mitt Romney, voted to convict. The remaining Republicans all voted to acquit.

Outagamie County, Wisconsin

Outagamie is a county in the northeast region of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 190,705. Its county seat is Appleton.

Grand Chute, Wisconsin

Grand Chute (French: "great fall" or "large rapids") is a town in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. The unincorporated community of Apple Creek. With a population of 20,919, Grand Chute was the largest town by population in the state of Wisconsin as of the 2010 census. 

It was the birthplace of U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy.

Hans van den Broek

Henri "Hans" van den Broek (; born 11 December 1936) is a Dutch politician. From 1982 through 1993 as Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Ruud Lubbers cabinet.

From 1970 till 1974 he was a member of the municipal council of Rheden.


Ben Bot

Bernard Rudolf "Ben" Bot (; born 21 November 1937) is a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 3 December 2003 until 22 February 2007, replacing Jaap de Hoop Scheffer who resigned to become Secretary General of NATO in 2003.

Forsyth County, North Carolina

Forsyth County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 382,590. It is the fourth-most populous county in North Carolina. Its county seat is Winston-Salem.

The county was made in 1849 from Stokes County. It was named after Colonel Benjamin Forsyth, who was killed in the War of 1812.

These counties are bordered to Forsyth County:

These communities are in Forsyth County:






Hattians

Hattians were an ancient people who inhabited the land of Hatti.

"Land of the "Hatti"" is the oldest known name for central Anatolia, albeit as an exonym in extraneous sources, such as the Assyrian "hatti matu", found on Mesopotamian cuneiform tablets from the period of Sargon the Great of Akkad c. 2350–2150 BC; on those tablets Assyrian-Akkadian traders implored King Sargon for help.

Daniel Mytens

Daniel Mytens, sometimes also called Daniel Mytens the elder, was an English painter, with Dutch roots. He was born in Delft in 1590, and died in 1647 in Den Haag.

Adivasi

The Adivasi people of India look very different from the Dravidians and Aryans. Adivasi people face discrimination and it's hard for them to get jobs in the city areas. These groups have survived in the forest and mountain regions in India for many years. They were the first to inhabit India.

Adivasi people are facing discrimination for their skin color, their beliefs and their ethnicity.

Mark Harris (rugby league)

Mark Walter Harris (22 August 1947 – 15 January 2020) was an Australian professional rugby league player. He played as a centre. He played for the Eastern Suburbs (1970–79) and the North Sydney Bears (1980–81). He also played Canadian football for the Montreal Alouettes in the Canadian Football League. He was born in Brisbane, Queensland.

Harris died of throat cancer on 15 January 2020. He was 72.


Vita Kin

Vita Kin (; 25 November 1969) is a Ukrainian fashion designer and photographer. Author of , founder of the "Vita Kin" brand.

Vita Kin was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.

She has been engaged in advertising and fashion photography since 2010. Her work has often been seen in fashion magazines in Ukraine.

In 2008, Kin launched her own clothing brand "Vita Kin for Kindom", which specialized in dresses for the 70s. This brand worked until 2013.
In 2013, the designer created the "Vyshyvanka by Vita Kin" brand, which is based on outfits inspired by the , Vyshyvanka. The first collections were released under the motto "Chic Nationale".

During 2015, Ukrainian fashion designer Vita Kin was featured in "Vogue" magazine and in "" for introducing vyshyvankas as modern designs

In April 2015, a Vita Kin collection of embroidered dresses was noted by The Guardian, which quotes the designer as saying that "she can’t stand politics, and she doesn’t want her clothing in any way associated with it".

Also in 2015, "The Wall Street Journal" named embroidered shirts from Vita kin the most popular summer dresses of 2015. In September, Vita became "The Best Newscomer of 2015" of the "Best Fashion Awards". In November 2015, Kin became “The Best Womenswear Designer in Ukraine” of the "".

In February 2018, Vita Kin was included in the Top 20 Ukrainian innovators according to "".

In the spring of 2018, Vita Kin presented a joint collection with the "Eres" brand. In 2019, Vita presented a new collection of dresses.

In December 2019, Vita Kin collaborated with to create a collection of table linens.


Since 1999, Vita Kin is married to Roman Kindrachuk, co-owner of "Radioaktive Film" production.

The Lovely Bones (movie)

The Lovely Bones is a 2009 supernatural thriller drama movie. It is directed by Peter Jackson. The movie stars Saoirse Ronan, Mark Wahlberg, Stanley Tucci, Rachel Weisz, Susan Sarandon, Rose McIver and Michael Imperioli. The screenplay of the movie was written by Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens and Jackson. "The Lovely Bones" is based on Alice Sebold's award-winning and bestselling 2002 book of the same name.

The movie follows a girl who is murdered and watches over her family from "the in-between." She is torn between getting revenge on her killer and allowing her family to heal.

"The Lovely Bones" was first released in November 2009, and internationally in January 2010. Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the movie.

Alice Sebold

Alice Sebold (born September 6, 1963) is an American writer. Her three published books are "Lucky" (1999), "The Lovely Bones" (2002) and "The Almost Moon" (2007). "Lucky" is a memoir and describes an experience of rape. The bestselling "The Lovely Bones" was made into a 2009 movie. The movie was directed by Peter Jackson.

Sebold was born in Madison, Wisconsin. She married writer Glen David Gold in 2001. The couple have since divorced. She lives in San Francisco, California.

Sebold says that she was raped when she was 18 during her college years, and it was believed without question until 2021, when Timothy Mucciante, the executive producer of the film adaptation of "Lucky," felt that her story did not make sense and hired private investigators to look into it.

Anthony Broadwater, the man she accused of raping her, was cleared of the crime when the Supreme Court said the evidence against him made no sense and that he was innocent and wrongfully jailed. Broadwater is African-American, and controversy followed as people believed Sebold had lied on purpose to punish a black person for a crime they did not commit racist reasons. This has happened many times before to other black men falsely accused of raping white women and punished, and people saw this incident as another example of it. Whether or not she was actually raped has been called into question as a result.

Chamín Correa

Benjamín "Chamín" Correa (4 December 1929 – 14 January 2020) was a Mexican guitarist and record producer. He was born in Mexico City. He was known for recording romantic music. He was a member of the Los Tres Caballeros alongside Roberto Cantoral and Leonel Gálvez, beginning in 1954. In 1957, they earned four golden discs.

He also recorded with many famous artists, including Dave Brubeck, Joan Baez, Gloria Estefan, José José, Enrique Guzmán, Luis Miguel, Victor Yturbe El Piruli, and Marco Antonio Muñiz.

His most popular songs include 'El reloj', 'La barca', 'Donde estás', 'Poquita Fe', 'Regalame esta noche', 'Alma de Cristal' and 'Noche no te vayas'.

Correa died of a heart attack in Cuernavaca, Morelos on 14 January 2020, aged 90.


Rose McIver

Frances Rose McIver (born 10 October 1988) is a New Zealand actress. She is best known for starring as Olivia "Liv" Moore in The CW television series "iZombie" (2015–2019). She has also starred in movies such as "The Piano" (1993), "The Lovely Bones" (2009), "A Christmas Prince" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019) and "Daffodils" (2019). McIver's television appearances include "", "", "Power Rangers RPM", "Masters of Sex" and "Once Upon a Time".

McIver was born in Auckland. She grew up in Titirangi. Her older brother is actor and musician Paul McIver.

Fever Crumb

Fever Crumb is a novel written by Philip Reeve in 2009. It is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel, aimed to young adults.



Hakeem Jeffries

Hakeem Sekou Jeffries (; born August 4, 1970) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for New York's 8th congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. In 2023, he became the House Minority Leader, the first African-American to hold this position or to be a congressional party leader.

Jeffries was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He studied at Binghamton University, Georgetown University and New York University. In 1997, he married Kennisandra Arciniegas. They have two children.

Jeffries was elected and reelected, serving in the New York State Assembly for a Brooklyn district from 2007 to 2012. During this time, he introduced over 70 bills.

On November 28, 2018, Jeffries defeated California Congresswoman Barbara Lee to become chair of the House Democratic Caucus. His term began when the new Congress was sworn in on January 3, 2019.

On November 30, 2022, Jeffries was elected to lead the Democratic Party caucus in the House of Representatives in 2023, replacing Nancy Pelosi. 

When Kevin McCarthy was elected Speaker, Jeffries handed him the gavel after a 15-minute speech. The speech was called the "ABCs of Democracy". The video of Jeffries's alphabet speech has been viewed over 2.4 million times on social media alone.


Sylvia Garcia

Sylvia Rodriguez Garcia (born September 6, 1950) is an American politician. She has been the U.S. Representative for Texas's 29th congressional district since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Zoe Lofgren

Susan Ellen "Zoe" Lofgren (; born December 21, 1947) is an American politician. She has served as a U.S. Representative from California since 1995. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Jason Crow

Jason A. Crow (born March 15, 1979) is an American lawyer, veteran, and politician. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives for since 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Peter MacKay

Peter Gordon MacKay (born September 27, 1965) is a Canadian lawyer and politician. He was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015. He was Minister of Justice and Attorney General (2013–2015), Minister of National Defence (2007–2013), and Minister of Foreign Affairs (2006–2007) in the Cabinet of Canada under Prime Minister Stephen Harper. MacKay was the last leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. He was the one that made the choice to combine the party with Harper's Canadian Alliance party in 2003 to create the Conservative Party of Canada.

Before becoming a politician, MacKay was a lawyer in Nova Scotia. He was one of the Crown Attorneys in the province. MacKay was the Member of Parliament for the electoral area of Pictou—Antigonish—Guysborough from 1997 to 2004 and Central Nova from 2004 to 2015. For the 2015 election, he said that he would not try to be elected again.

In January 2020, MacKay announced his candidacy for Conservative Party leader in the 2020 leadership election. He lost the election to Erin O'Toole.


UKTV

UKTV is a British free-to-air video channel launched by GOLD, Dave, W, Alibi, Yesterday, Drama and Eden. It was broadcast by the UK and Northern Ireland.

Mikhail Mishustin

Mikhail Vladimirovich Mishustin (; born 3 March 1966) is a Russian economist politician. Mishustin has been the Prime Minister of Russia since 2020. He was the Head of the Federal Tax Service from 2010 to 2020.

On 15 January 2020, he was nominated for Prime Minister of Russia by President Vladimir Putin.

On 30 April 2020, Mishustin announced that he tested positive for COVID-19.

Sergey Kiriyenko

Sergey Vladilenovich Kiriyenko (; born 26 July 1962) is a Russian politician. He has been the First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Administration of Russia since 5 October 2016. He was the 30th Prime Minister of Russia from 23 March to 23 August 1998 under President Boris Yeltsin. 

Sergei Stepashin

Sergei Vadimovich Stepashin (; born 2 March 1952) is a Russian politician. He was Prime Minister of Russia in 1999. He was Chairman of the Accounts Chamber of Russia from 2000 until 2013.

Mikhail Kasyanov

Mikhail Mikhailovich Kasyanov ( – , born 8 December 1957) is a Russian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Russia from May 2000 to February 2004.

Mikhail Fradkov

Mikhail Yefimovich Fradkov (; born 1 September 1950) is a Russian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Russia from March 2004 to September 2007. Fradkov was the head of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service from 6 October 2007 to 5 October 2016. 

Since January 2017, Fradkov is the director of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies.

Temptation of Wife

Temptation of Wife may refer to:


Rocinha

Rocinha is the biggest and most populous favela in Brazil. It is in Rio de Janeiro on a 'doggy-style' hill. Its population is about 69,000 people.

About a Girl

About a Girl may refer to:


Prime Minister of North Macedonia

The Prime Minister of North Macedonia, officially the President of the Government of the Republic of North Macedonia (; ), is the head of government of North Macedonia. The first Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia (now North Macedonia) was Nikola Kljusev from 27 January 1991 to 17 August 1992.

The current Prime Minister of North Macedonia is Talat Xhaferi.




Holby City

Holby City (styled as HOLBY CIY) is a British medical drama television series shown weekly on BBC One. The series was created by Tony McHale and Mal Young as a spin-off from the BBC medical drama "Casualty". It was first shown on 12 January 1999; the show ran until 29 March 2022. It is set in the same hospital as "Casualty" in the fictional city of Holby. Some episodes have characters and plots shared with "Casualty". There have been episodes broadcast as "Casualty@Holby City". Some episodes have characters and plots shared with the show's 2007 police procedural spin-off "HolbyBlue".

"Holby City" is shown once a week, all year round. Each series now contains 52 episodes.

The show follows the lives of medical and ancillary staff at the fictional Holby City Hospital.

As of January 2020, twenty-one series of "Holby City" have been shown. It is made at the BBC Elstree Centre in Hertfordshire. It has featured episodes filmed on location abroad. From October 2010, "Holby City" moved to high definition broadcasting.

The series uses a team of researchers to ensure medical accuracy. Surgeons check the scripts. Cast members are taught to perform basic medical procedures. They spend time on hospital wards for research. 

"Holby City" has been nominated for over 100 television awards. It has won ten awards. The 2008 British Academy Television Award for Best Continuing Drama, one Black Entertainment Film Fashion Television and Arts (BEFFTA) award, two Ethnic Multicultural Media Awards, two Music Video and Screen Awards, and four Screen Nation awards. 

The first series averaged 9.27 million viewers. The eleventh series averaged 5.44 million viewers. Later series have had over 4 million viewers per week.

The first series had eleven main characters. All have since left the show. New main characters have been written in and out of the series. There are fifteen main characters. Well known actors regularly appear. Cast members have included Patsy Kensit, Jane Asher, Robert Powell, Ade Edmondson, John Michie, Al Hunter Ashton, Alex Walkinshaw and Jemma Redgrave.

In September 2016 the BBC said the show would be put up for tender. 
The tender document said the contract would be open to independent producers and BBC Studios. It would be for three series of at least 50 episodes each. It would be delivered from December 2017 with no break in transmission. It would be produced at BBC Elstree Centre. 
BBC Studios was the winning bidder and will continue to produce the show to 2020.

"Holby City" was created by Tony McHale and Mal Young as a spin-off from the BBC medical drama "Casualty". It is set in the fictional Holby City Hospital. 
Young wanted to explore what happened to patients treated in "Casualty" once they were taken to the hospital's surgical wards. 
The stories on "Casualty" are limited to the "accident of the week". "Holby City" has stories about long-term care, rather than immediate life and death decisions. 

The series was commissioned by BBC One Controller Peter Salmon. It was first shown on BBC One on 12 January 1999.

Since its beginning, it has expanded to cover other wards. These include a gynaecology ward, an acute assessment unit and a maternity ward. 
Young explained that new wards are necessary to allow the crew to rotate sets.

Episodes of "Holby City" cost around £370,000 to produce. This is more than the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" which costs £130,000 per episode. "Casualty" costs £450,000 per episode. As "Holby City" is a high-volume, year-round production, it has relatively low production costs. Set-up costs can be spread over many years. Sets can be re-used. This is not the case for shorter series or one-off dramas.

Former "Casualty" producer Johnathan Young was an executive producer of "Holby" first series. 
Mal Young was executive producer of "Holby City" until 2004. 
Kathleen Hutchison worked with Mal Young as co-executive producer from 2003 to 2004. She left the series to become executive producer of "EastEnders". 

In March 2011, Johnathan Young returned to the BBC as executive producer of both "Casualty" and "Holby City".

"Holby City" storylines are planned eight months in advance. The series has a number of scriptwriters. They are found and scheduled by script development editor Simon Harper. 
Harper finds some writers through the BBC Writers Academy. This is a course which gives its graduates the chance to work on prime time television. McHale teaches at the academy, and graduate Abi Bown went on to become a regular writer for "Holby City". 
Harper also recruits writers through the BBC's Continuing Drama Shadow Scheme. 

McHale wrote the series' first episode, and served as the show's lead writer. 
His 2006 promotion to executive producer was part Controller of BBC Drama Production John Yorke's plan to "put writers back at the heart of the process". Yorke said McHale's promotion was "fantastic. It means that for the first time you've got a writer running one of our big powerhouse BBC1 shows." 

After McHale resigned the lead writer was Justin Young. He wants a more writer-led process from series 13 onwards. Writers will create more of the story of their episodes than before.

The serial employs a team of researchers to advise writers on nursing issues and health service politics. One medical advisor was given a cameo appearance in the series as an orthopaedic surgeon. Another advisor, recovery nurse Rachel Carter, appears in "Holby City" as a scrub nurse. 
The programme uses different types os surgeons to check scripts for accuracy. Carter believes this is important as viewers might copy what they see in the show, such as CPR. 

Actor Amanda Mealing said: "We pride ourselves on being realistic. You need to know what you are doing and why. It is a complex and foreign thing to act out an operation. For training, I watched a number of real ones." 
Cast members are taught how to give injections, monitor blood pressure and check a pulse, and some watch procedures in hospitals. 
Original cast member George Irving observed coronary artery bypass surgery performed at Papworth and Middlesex Hospital in preparation for his role as Anton Meyer. Edward MacLiam observed laparoscopic surgery being performed before joining the cast as Greg Douglas in series twelve.

"Holby City" and "Casualty" are both set in Holby City Hospital. This is in the fictional county of Wyvern in the southwest of England close to the Welsh border. 
Bristol is used for city exteriors. Interior filming of "Holby City" is at BBC Elstree Centre in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire.

The "Casualty" set in Bristol was not large enough for the surgical ward and operating theatre needed for "Holby City". So some scenes in the first episode had to be shot twice, first on the "Casualty" set and then again at Elstree, with cast members travelling between the two locations. 

In October 2007, "The Daily Telegraph" reported that the Elstree site would be sold, and "Holby City" moved to share a set with "Casualty", possibly in Cardiff. 
In March 2009, the BBC said that "Casualty" would move to a new set in Cardiff. In April 2009, "The Guardian" said that the BBC would retain Elstree Studios for at least another four years.

Some episodes have been shot on location abroad. In 2004, the romance between nurse Jess Griffin (Verona Joseph) and anaesthetist Zubin Khan (Art Malik) had an episode set in Paris. 
In 2005, registrar Diane Lloyd (Patricia Potter) followed consultant Ric Griffin (Hugh Quarshie) to Ghana. This was part of the BBC's "Africa lives" series, a week of programmes bringing African culture to UK audiences. 
In 2006, an episode in Switzerland had consultant Elliot Hope's (Paul Bradley) wife Gina (Gillian Bevan) committing assisted suicide after her motor neurone disease worsened. 
A 2007 episode in Dubai focused on "Holby" registrar Joseph Byrne (Luke Roberts) meeting new nurse Faye Morton (Patsy Kensit).
In 2008, Joseph and consultant Linden Cullen (Duncan Pow) travelled to Cape Town. 
In November 2008, series producer Diana Kyle said that they would not be filming abroad again for the "foreseeable future". 
On 10 December 2012, it was announced that the show had filmed one episode in Stockholm. This focussed on Jac tracking down hospital CEO Henrik Hanssen (Guy Henry).

"Holby City" is shot using the single-camera setup. 
Filming occurs from 8 am until 6 pm daily, 50 weeks a year. 
From July 2007 onwards, the show took on the filmising technique, giving the impression of having been shot on film. 
On 28 May 2010, the BBC announced that "Holby City" would move to HD by the end of the year. 
The series moved to HD broadcasting, with a BBC HD simulcast, from the start of series 13 in October 2010.

From the eleventh series a musical montage segment was included in each episode. This was introduced by McHale to modernise the show. This use of songtages was first popularised by the US medical drama "Grey's Anatomy". McHale stated he was unaware of this until after "Holby City" had used the technique. 
Music is selected by each episode's scriptwriter. Sometimes the producers and director would select the music in post-production. Actors have had some input: Hugh Quarshie selected the music he believed his character Ric Griffin would listen to in theatre. Asked in June 2010 whether she felt songtages were appropriate for a serious drama show, Kyle said: "they are an excellent way of telling stories visually".

"Holby City" was first shown on 12 January 1999 on BBC One. 
The show's first series ran for nine episodes. 

In June 2000, then Director-General of the BBC Greg Dyke pledged extra funding for BBC One, some of which was used for extra episodes of "Holby City". 
The second series ran for 16 episodes.
The third series ran for 30 episodes.
Episodes were shown weekly from the fourth series onwards. 
Series four to nine ran for 52 episodes. Series ten ran for 53 episodes, including the stand-alone finale episode "Mad World", set outside the hospital. Series eleven ran for 52 episodes. Series twelve had 55 episodes.
All series from then on had 52 episodes. The series reached its 500th episode on 13 April 2010.

In the first series episodes were 50 minutes long. From the second series episodes have been one hour. 
The first series was shown on Tuesday nights at 8.10 pm. The second series moved to Thursdays. Halfway through the third series in 2001, Holby moved back to Tuesday night at 8.05 pm. It then moved into the 8pm timeslot, where it has remained. The show is occasionally shown on a different day. 
In 2007, the show moved to Thursday nights to allow HolbyBlue to be shown in the 8pm Tuesday timeslot. BBC One Scotland has often shown the series at a later time.

In February 2019, it was announced that repeats of "Holby City" would begin on the channel Drama. This would begin with the first series.

In Finland it is shown on the channel Yle TV2 and is called "Holby Cityn sairaala".

Series twenty-two started on 7 January 2020.

"Holby City" follows the professional and personal lives of medical and ancillary staff at Holby General. It has an ensemble cast of main and recurring characters. The show has 10 to 20 main characters.

The original cast of 11 characters featured in the show's first episode was consultants Anton Meyer (George Irving) and Muriel McKendrick (Phyllis Logan), registrars Nick Jordan (Michael French) and Kirstie Collins (Dawn McDaniel), senior house officer Victoria Merrick (Lisa Faulkner), ward sister Karen Newburn (Sarah Preston), theatre sister Ellie Sharpe (Julie Saunders), senior staff nurse Ray Sykes (Ian Curtis), staff nurses Julie Bradford (Nicola Stephenson) and Jasmine Hopkins (Angela Griffin), and ward clerk Paul Ripley (Luke Mably).

For the first series, Young selected actors who were already established and had a soap opera background. Young had previously worked on the soap operas "Brookside" and "Family Affairs" 
French had starred in the BBC's "EastEnders", while Stephenson and Faulkner had starred in "Brookside". Griffin had also appeared in ITV's "Coronation Street". Hiring of established actors continued as the soap progressed, with former "Brookside" actress Patricia Potter cast as registrar Diane Lloyd, "Star Wars" actor Denis Lawson cast as consultant Tom Campbell-Gore, and "Family Affairs" star Rocky Marshall cast as SHO Ed Keating. Later, roles were given to comedian Adrian Edmondson, film actress Patsy Kensit, and "Jesus of Nazareth" star Powell. 

There is a casting department at Elstree Studios which casts actors for "Holby City" as well as "Casualty", "EastEnders" and "Doctors". The programme also has two casting directors who bring in actors for the producer and director to audition. Some cast members who play main characters have made previous appearances in minor "Holby City" roles. 

Current characters include acting chief executive officer and consultant neurosurgeon Max McGerry (Jo Martin), consultant general surgeon and medical director Ric Griffin (Hugh Quarshie), consultant cardiothoracic surgeons lead Jac Naylor (Rosie Marcel) and Kian Madani (Ramin Karimloo), consultant general surgeons Ben Sherwood (Charlie Condou), Ange Godard (Dawn Steele), Sacha Levy (Bob Barrett), and Serena Campbell (Catherine Russell), speciality registrars Dominic Copeland (David Ames), Xavier Duval (Marcus Griffiths), and Chloe Godard (Amy Lennox), foundation training doctors Nicky McKendrick (Belinda Owusu) and Cameron Dunn (Nic Jackman), director of nursing Adrian "Fletch" Fletcher (Alex Walkinshaw), and senior staff nurses Donna Jackson (Jaye Jacobs) and Essie Harrison (Kaye Wragg).

"Holby City" has had a number of famous guest stars.

In the first few series:

In the fiftieth episode

Other notable guest stars include

In 2003, the BBC reached an agreement with the actors' union Equity to cease offering walk-on drama series roles to members of the public as prizes. When an untrained person won such a role in "Holby City" in a competition, Equity complained to the broadcaster that such prizes were "demeaning" to actors, depriving them of paid employment. The competition winner was allowed to visit the "Holby City" set, but did not appear on-screen as a result of the policy change.

The BBC has shown occasional crossover mini-dramas entitled "Casualty@Holby City". It has a number of characters from each of the two casts. 
Before "Casualty@Holby City", the two shows had occasionally crossed-over storylines and cast members before. For example developing a romance between "Holby City" Ben Saunders (David Paisley) and "Casualty" Tony Vincent (Lee Warburton). 
The first full crossover was made by "Casualty" executive producer Mervyn Watson, and "Holby City" McHale. Work on both shows had to be halted for two weeks to release cast members to appear in the special.

A second crossover was commissioned in 2005 as part of the BBC's DoNation season. This aimed to raise public awareness of organ donation and to decide to sign up to the Organ Donor Register. An interactive episode of "Casualty@Holby City" was one of the headlining shows of the season, allowing viewers to vote by phone to determine the outcome of a fictional organ donation. 

The third "Casualty@Holby City" crossover aired in October 2005. The four-part storyline tackled the issue of youth violence, following the events of a turbulent A&E demonstration at an inner-city school. 

Another crossover was ordered for Christmas 2005. Rather than dividing the episodes between the two series' crews as had previously been standard, this crossover operated as an entirely separate production, with Kyle producing and Paul Harrison directing.

In February 2010, another crossover occurred when "Casualty" Charlie Fairhead (Derek Thompson) was operated on by "Holby City" Elliot Hope after suffering a heart attack. The storyline was shown as "Casualty" and "Holby City" episodes, rather than under the "Casualty@Holby City" title. 
"Casualty" series producer Oliver Kent commented that, while it is "fantastic" to be able to produce crossover episodes, they are logistically difficult, and it is unlikely that another "Casualty@Holby City" episode will be produced in the "foreseeable future". 

In September 2010, "Holby City" nurse Donna Jackson (Jaye Jacobs) appeared in "Casualty", and Kent hopes that characters from the two shows will begin to crossover two or three times a year.

On 27 April 2006, the BBC announced "Holby Blue", a police procedural spin-off from "Holby City". It was created by Tony Jordan.

"Holby City" was moved to Thursdays for the duration of "HolbyBlue" first series, with the spin-off broadcast on Tuesday nights at 8 pm. 
In 2008, a two-part crossover episode with "Holby City" was developed for the beginning of the show's second series. The episodes were written by McHale and Jordan. "Holby City" registrar Jac Naylor accused of murder. 
Yorke compared the crossover to the American "CSI" franchise, in that: "You really believe it's a world."

The second series attracted 5.6 million viewers to its opening episode. By the end of May 2008 viewer numbers had fallen to 2.5 million. 
In August 2008, the BBC announced that, due to lower ratings, "Holby Blue" would not be recommissioned for a third series.

In June 2002, cast members from "Holby City" and "Casualty" competed against the "EastEnders" cast for the first "Sport Relief" fundraiser, dubbed "Sport in the Square". The teams competed in events such as taxi pulling, melon tossing and a beer keg relay. 
The competition was shown on BBC One, and the event raised £10 million. 

In October 2003, BBC One aired a "Kenyon Confronts" documentary by "Panorama" reporter Paul Kenyon, investigating hospitals run by the Private Finance Initiative. He discovered many problems within the hospitals, which were dramatised by the "Holby City" cast in specially written scenes. 

In March 2004, the documentary "Making It at Holby" was made as part of a BBC initiative to develop new acting talent. The documentary followed the casting process of "Holby City" and "Casualty", from the audition stages to the filming of the selected actors' first scenes.

In November 2006, the "Children in Need" charity telethon included a segment featuring the "Holby City" cast performing a comical version of "Hung Up" by Madonna. 

In November 2007 "Children in Need" appeal again contained a musical performance from Holby City cast members. Sharon D Clarke, backed by Nadine Lewington, Rakie Ayola and Phoebe Thomas performed a soul version of Aretha Franklin's signature song, "Respect".

On 28 June 2008, "Holby City" stars competed against their "Casualty" counterparts in a special charity edition of BBC Two game-show "The Weakest Link". 

In February 2010, "Holby City" and "Casualty" cast members performed a dance rendition of "Jai Ho" for "Let's Dance for Sport Relief".

"Holby City" has been compared to other medical dramas, often unfavourable. 

In November 2002, John Whiston, then head of drama at Granada Television, accused the BBC of producing inferior "parodies" of ITV drama. He commented "With "Holby City" cloned out of "Casualty", the BBC has even ended up copying itself." 

Paul Hoggart of "The Times" says that the differences between the two shows are "mild", calling "Holby City": ""Casualty" cute little sister". 

Kevin Lygo, director of television at Channel 4, referred to "Holby City" as "sudsy drama", deeming it, "Casualty" and "HolbyBlue" "all decent programmes, but strikingly similar in many aspects of their tone and construction." 

"Holby City" has been unfavourably compared with the American medical drama "ER". Television producer Paul Abbott has commented that although he watches "ER", he does not watch "Holby City" as: "it looks like you've crammed one hour's drama into 26 episodes." 

In October 2009, former "Holby City" writer Peter Jukes wrote a critical piece for "Prospect" magazine, contrasting the show negatively with the standard of American television dramas. Jukes wrote that "Holby City" has become a soap opera, rather than a drama, and deemed the episodes he worked on "the most dispiriting experiences in [his] 25 years as a dramatist."

In August 2002, Paul Bolt, director of the Broadcasting Standards Commission criticised BBC programming as being "humdrum" and "formulaic", saying of "Holby City" and the police procedural "Mersey Beat": "One begins to wonder what really is the point of the BBC bringing this to us. Let's have something a bit different." Then head of BBC drama Jane Tranter responded that Bolt's examples were "highly selective" as well as "hugely patronising to the millions of viewers who enjoy popular dramas like "Holby City" – week in, week out". Young, who at the time held the position of head of drama serials, told "The Guardian": "Popular drama has always been singled out for criticism, but people are increasingly voting with their on-buttons." 

At the 2003 Edinburgh International Television Festival, BSykB chief executive Tony Ball called for stricter restrictions on how the BBC spent licence payers' money, suggesting that "Holby City" be sold to the channel's commercial rivals, with the proceeds used to develop more original programming. The BBC refused Ball's suggestion, responding in a statement: "This speech clearly reflects BSkyB's view that programmes are merely a commodity to be bought and sold."

In 2003, former BBC host Sir Ludovic Kennedy complained that ethnic minorities were over-represented on television, prompting a BBC spokeswoman to explain that "Holby City" has more ethnic characters as it is set in an area where minorities account for up to 30% of the population. According to the 2001 census, the population of Bristol – which the city of Holby is loosely based upon – is 88% white and 12% ethnic minorities.

In October 2003, "Holby City" was praised by campaigners for the Royal National Institute for Deaf People (RNID), when an episode which coincided with "Learn To Sign Week" used deaf actors, and featured characters communicating through British Sign Language. RNID chief executive John Low stated: "Too often individuals have to rely on family members or friends to communicate complicated personal information to professionals. This is the reason the RNID is calling on the government to channel funding into the training of British Sign Language interpreters who could then be available to NHS staff treating deaf patients." Stokes commented: "The writer had a great story he wanted to tell – for us, that's what matters first and foremost."

In June 2004, Charles Allen, chief executive of ITV plc questioned the amount of funding spent on lengthened episodes of "Holby City", 

A 2008 a Channel 4 report into ethnic diversity on television, cited "Holby City" as a positive example of "diverse British programm[ing]". 

In January 2010, Janet Street-Porter in "The Independent", said "Holby City" had "come to the end of [its] natural life" and should be cancelled.

The show has been criticised for its lack of realism. 

In February 2004, nurse Vici Hoban said that there were three nurse stereotypes. "Sex object, doctor's handmaiden, or angel". She felt that the media had increased these misconceptions. She said that with "the syringe-toting serial killer Kelly in "Holby City", realism has never been top of TV's agenda." Hoban felt that the worst offender at the time was the Channel 4 medical drama "No Angels". She described as: "so inaccurate that it makes "Holby City" look like a factual documentary." 

In November 2009, Antony Sumara, CEO of the Mid Staffordshire NHS Foundation Hospital Trust, wrote a column criticising "Holby City" for misrepresenting real hospital life. 

In December 2009, Tom Sutcliffe of "The Independent" reviewed an episode, finding it "astonishing" that any patients leave Holby General alive, as the staff are "so busy looking stricken or lovelorn at each other".

Misuse of alcohol has been criticised.

In December 2003, "The Times" Libby Purves wrote a critical opinion piece, observing that "Holby City" medical staff are often depicted getting drunk in clubs, but afterwards are able to function properly at work, and that as a result, alcohol "is made to look innocent". 

In October 2004, Canon Kenyon Wright, chair of Alcohol Focus Scotland, criticised an episode of "Holby City" which saw doctors downing tequila slammers, stating that it glamorised irresponsible drinking. 

In October 2007, drinks' industry body the Portman Group made an official complaint to communications regulator Ofcom about a scene in "Holby City" which depicted two medics drinking five shots of tequila following a stressful day at work. The body's chief executive David Poley claimed that in failing to show the negative consequences of this action, the series was presenting a "highly irresponsible portrayal of excessive and rapid drinking". Ofcom received a total of eight complaints about the incident.

"Holby City" has also been accused of medical inaccuracies. 

In January 2004, the British Medical Association denounced an episode which showed organ donation being done despite withdrawal of consent by the patient's relatives. Dr Michael Wilks, chairman of the Medical Ethics Committee stated: "This simply would not happen, but its portrayal, even in a drama, is totally irresponsible and risks causing huge damage to the already struggling transplant programme." 

In 2005, the British Medical Association said that the show was giving viewers an unrealistic impression of resuscitation by typically presenting only two outcomes, death or total recovery. Andrew Thomson, a Dundee GP, deemed this "a terrible distortion of the truth." 

In 2009, "The Times", Vivienne Parry highlighted the fact that in reality, less than half of patients who require resuscitation survive the initial event. Of those, only a third live to leave hospital. 

In April 2010, at the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) conference in Bournemouth, "Holby City" was accused of fostering unrealistic expectations of the NHS, encouraging patients to believe in miracles and fuelling a compensation culture. Accident and Emergency nurse John Hill stated: "In A&E it is sometimes a fact that sadly we cannot get people through the trauma they have received. Unfortunately, unlike in "Holby City", I am a mere mortal and cannot perform miracles. But many relatives believe because of that, you can. And the injury lawyers assure them that if you don't they will get recompense for it."

In October 2000, Dr John Ryan, an Accident & Emergency consultant at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton criticised the number of patients visiting the department for minor problems without first seeing their GP. Ryan attributed this to patients watching "Holby City" and falsely seeing hospitals as glamorous. 

In September 2008, a three-year Belgian research project, presented at a British Psychological Society meeting, claimed that watching "Holby City" and similar medical dramas such as "Casualty" and "ER" had a subliminal influence on fear of illness. 1,300 teenagers were questioned on their viewing habits, and those who watched more medical dramas were found to be up to 10% more fearful about their health.

In 2008, Conservative Party strategists identified four archetypes based on TV programmes to help the party target swing voters. Alongside ""Top Gear" man", ""Apprentice" generation" and ""Grand Designs" couple", they identified ""Holby City" worker", a middle-ranking health service worker. In 2009, they identified ""Holby City" woman" as a key voter demographic who may help the party win the 2010 General Election. The ""Holby City" woman" is a female voter in her 30s or 40s, employed in a clinical or clerical position or some other public sector job. She is a swing voter in General Elections, The ""Holby City" woman" archetype is modelled on the character of Faye Morton.

In January 2009, Jill Berry, president of the Girls' Schools Association and head teacher at the Dame Alice Harpur School in Bedford, cited medical dramas such as "Holby City" as an inspiring force in increasing numbers of female students deciding to pursue careers in medicine. Berry explained: "The girls see that as an exciting and dynamic way of life. They see it as making a difference to people's lives. It gives them a sense sometimes of the pressures, responsibility and adrenaline. Such TV programmes can be good, as long as they give a realistic impression." Similarly, consultant surgeon Andrew Raftery uses clips from "Holby City" as part of the University of Sheffield Outreach and Access to Medicine Scheme, to inspire pupils from under-represented social and educational backgrounds to pursue careers in medicine.

"Holby City" has been nominated for over 100 awards. It has won six. 

The series has received five nominations for the British Academy Television Awards, winning one. 
Minkie Spiro was nominated for the "Best New Director (Fiction)" award in 2003 for her work on the series.
The show was nominated for the "Best Continuing Drama" award in 2004, 2005 and 2006, winning in 2008.

"Holby City" received multiple BBC Drama Award nominations between 2002 and 2006. Its best results saw the show voted fifth "Best Drama" in 2004 and 2006.
Amanda Mealing was voted fourth "Best Actress" in 2006 for her role as Connie Beauchamp.
The ""Casualty@Holby City"" moment where doctor Jim Brodie (Maxwell Caulfield) sacrifices his life for midwife Rosie Sattar (Kim Vithana) was voted viewers' fourth "Favourite Moment" of 2004. 

The series has been nominated for the "Best Drama" award at the "Inside Soap" Awards in 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010

"Holby City" has received multiple long-list nominations at the National Television Awards and "TV Choice" Awards. Mealing was short-listed for the "Most Popular Newcomer" award in 2005, and for the "Best Actress" award in 2008. 

At the 2000 Royal Television Society Awards, Sean De Sparengo and Richard Gort were nominated for the "Best Graphic Design – Titles" award. The show was nominated in the "Soap and Continuing Drama" category in 2007.

"Holby City" was nominated "Best Serial Drama" at the 2008 Digital Spy Soap Awards,

In 2009, Stella Gonet was nominated for the "Acting Performance in TV (Female)" award at the British Academy Scotland Awards for her role as CEO Jayne Grayson.

In 2010, the series was shortlisted in the "Best Television Continuing Drama" category at the Writers' Guild of Great Britain Awards.

In 2000, at the Ethnic Multicultural Media Awards, Angela Griffin won "Best Actress" for her role as nurse Jasmine Hopkins. In 2002, she was nominated "Best TV Actress" alongside co-star Thusitha Jayasundera for her role as registrar Tash Bandara. 

In 2004, Art Malik won the "Best TV Actor" award for his role as anaesthetist Zubin Khan. 

The show has won three Screen Nation Awards, and received nominations for a further seven. Jaye Jacobs won the "Emerging Talent" award in 2005 for her role as nurse Donna Jackson. In 2006, Rakie Ayola and Hugh Quarshie were nominated for the Female and Male "Performance in TV" awards for their roles as Kyla Tyson and Ric Griffin. 
Sharon D. Clarke won the 2007 "Female Performance in TV" award for her role as Lola Griffin. Ginny Holder was nominated in the same category for her role as Thandie Abebe. In 2007, Roger Griffiths was nominated for the "Male Performance in TV" award for his role as Harvey Tyson. Quarshie won "Favourite Male TV Star" in 2008.

In 2008, the show was nominated for the "Diversity in Drama Production" award.


Phir Laut Aayi Naagin

Phir Laut Aayi Naagin () was a Hindi-language Indian television supernatural series produced by Triangle Film Corporation. It stars Nikita Sharma, Jatin Bharadwaj, and Abhimanyu Chaudhary. It aired from 2 September 2019 to 17 January 2020 on Dangal TV. The show went off the air after a successful run.

Shivani is a naagin (shape shifting serpent) who has returned after 12 years to find her love to the city in Anand's house whose is a joint family. Her guru told that her Nagaraja (Ankit Arora), who was killed for naagamani, made his rebirth in Anand's house. So Shivani in the form of a 12 year old girl went there to find her nagraj. There she finds that the two boys Raj and Rohit was been born on the same day, which makes her be confused. So she appeals to her guru who says that she only can identify her nagraj. So she remembers that one-day nagraj had told her about the star symbol on his mole which will be on him even he take 100 births. So with the help of this, she tries to find him but fails several times. Meanwhile, Anand found that a serpent in the form of a small girl is around his house with the help of a sage. Anand is the one with the help of his friends, and his driver Lakshman, killed Nagraj for the nagmani. Then he realised that the naagin has come to kill him. When Shivani found that Raj is her Nagraj by seeing the star symbol on his arm, she was captured by the sage and is kept in the cremated box under a tree for nine years.

After nine years, Anand with the power of naagmani became one of the wealthiest people in the world. He announces that his son Rohit would take his new project at the press meet. Returning from the land, Rohit and raj is returning to their house. Shivani sets out find who is Raj as she knows he is her nagraj. Shivani then disguises as Nandini, and comes with the help of a naagin, Priya and a naag as the daughter of a wealthy person and buys a mansion close to Raj's house. Rohit sees her and fell in love with her. Raj also likes her the moment he saw her but for Rohit's sake, he hides the love. Rohit sends Raj to see Nandini and tell him Rohit's love but fails several times. Then Anand knowing that Nandini is the daughter of a wealthy person, makes friends with her. Meanwhile, one of Rohit's friend falls for Nandini and tries to abuse her but Raj saves. In this incident, Raj gets shot by a gun. Nandini gets to know Raj. She tries to make him remember his past life but cannot. Meanwhile, another naagin, Ragini who loved nagraj comes there. She tries to kill Nandini so that she can marry Raj. Rohit tries to abuse Nandini many times. At last, he dies by falling from a cliff while fighting with Raj for Nandini. Anand decides to take revenge on Nandini and Raj because they were the reason for Rohit's death. Raj's and Ragini's marriage gets fixed but fails. Raj finds out that he is a shape shifting serpent but is unable to control himself. So he takes help from a sage and is able to control and change forms. But he does not remember anything. It is revealed that Ragini was the one who lead Anand and his friends to nagmani on the intention of killing Shivani but Anand kills the nagraj instead. Raj's and Nandini's marriage gets fixed but failed. Raj gets to know that Nandi ni is a naagin who was killing Anand's friends. Ragini tells Anand that Nandini is the Naagin so he tells Raj to kill Nandini so that Anand can kill Raj after that. Raj reaches the temple where Nandini was. He took the gun for killing her but could not because he remembers everything. Lakshman reveals to Raj that when Anand killed nagraj, a light came out from his chest and came into Lakshman's chest. When the child of Lakshman was born, it actually died, but then the light from his chest went into the baby's chest and so he would be the nagraj. So Raj and Nandini went to kill Anand but finds out that Anand had become a shape shifting snake with the power of nagmani. They kill Anand and the nagmani gets back to its real owner, the nagraj. Finally Raj and Shivani gets united.



Phir Laut Aayi Naagin Is Dangal TV’s most viewed serial and recorded one of the highest TRP ratings of any program on Dangal TV. Also, the show is the most watched show on Dangal TV Youtube channel.

Due to the success of the 1st season, makers and channel launched Season 2 named Ek Anokhi Rakshak - Naagkanya which had a different cast & storyline. However, Season 2 failed to grab viewers' attention and went off air within 1 month of launch owing to low TRP’s.

Rocky Johnson

Rocky Johnson (born Wayde Douglas Bowles; August 24, 1944 – January 15, 2020) was a Canadian professional wrestler and trainer. He was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia. In 2008, he was added to the WWE Hall of Fame.

During his wrestling career, he became a National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) Georgia Champion and a NWA Southern Heavyweight Memphis Champion. Along with his partner Tony Atlas, Johnson was a part of the first black tag team to win the World Tag Team championship in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 1983.

He was the father of American actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.

Johnson retired in 1991. He lived in Lutz, Florida. Johnson died of a pulmonary embolism on January 15, 2020 at the age of 75.

Bobby Brown (footballer, born 1923)

Robert Brown (19 March 1923 – 15 January 2020) was a Scottish international football player and manager. He played as a goalkeeper for Queen's Park, Rangers and Falkirk and made five international appearances for Scotland. 

He managed St Johnstone at club level and the Scottish national team from 1967 to 1971. He was a member of the Scottish Football Hall of Fame.

Centre County, Pennsylvania

Centre County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 158,172. Its county seat is Bellefonte.

Oreland, Pennsylvania

Oreland is a United States census-designated place (CDP) in Springfield and Upper Dublin townships. Oreland has a ZIP code of 19075, and the population was 6,210 at the 2020 census.

Oreland is located at (40.114510, -75.179880).

Goshen (village), New York

Goshen is a village in and the county seat of Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 5,777 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area as well as the larger New York metropolitan area.

Goshen, New York

Goshen is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 13,687 at the 2020 census. The town is named after the land of Goshen. 

Riley Keough

Danielle Riley Keough ( ; born May 29, 1989) is an American actress, model, and producer

Riley was born on May 29, 1989 at Providence Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, She is the eldest daughter of singer-songwriter Lisa Marie Presley and musician Danny Keough, and the eldest grandchild of Elvis Presley and actress and businesswoman Priscilla Presley.

Keough's father met her mother while performing as a bass guitarist in her mother's band. She had a biological brother, Benjamin Storm Keough, who died by suicide in July 2020. She has two half-sisters, twins Harper and Finley, from her mother's fourth marriage to Michael Lockwood. According to Keough, her father's ancestry is Irish and mostly Sephardic Jewish (Portuguese-Jewish) and Ashkenazi Jewish (Eastern European Jews), whereas her maternal grandfather, Elvis Presley, is allegedly of Creek, Cherokee, Scots-Irish, and Norman descent; Keough's maternal grandmother, Priscilla, is of part Norwegian descent.

She is the daughter of Lisa Marie Presley with Danny Keough and the eldest grandchild of Elvis and Priscilla Presley.

West Point, New York

West Point is the oldest occupied military post in the United States. It is located on the Hudson River in New York, West Point.

It is made up of including the campus of the United States Military Academy, which is commonly called "West Point".

It is a Census Designated Place (CDP) located in the Town of Highlands in Orange County, New York, located on the western bank of the Hudson River. The population was 7,341 at the 2020 census. 

Highlands, New York

Highlands is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. It is officially known as the Town of Highlands. The population was 12,939 at the 2020 census.

Zhao Zhongxiang

Zhao Zhongxiang (赵忠祥; January 16, 1942 – January 16, 2020) was a Chinese news anchor on the national news program "Xinwen Lianbo" and television host. He joined China Central Television in 1959. He was born in Hebei, China. Zhao hosted "CCTV New Year's Gala".

Zhao was diagnosed with liver cancer around December 2019. He died in Beijing on January 16, 2020 of the disease at the age of 78.

Steve Adler (politician)

Stephen Ira Adler (born March 23, 1956) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was been the Mayor of Austin, Texas from January 6, 2015 to January 6, 2023.

Adler won reelection in 2018, getting 59% of the vote in a 7-way race.

Carole Keeton Strayhorn

Carole Stewart Keeton (born September 13, 1939), formerly known as Carole Keeton McClellan, Carole Keeton Rylander and Carole Keeton Strayhorn, is an American politician. She is the first and so far only woman elected as mayor of Austin. She was elected in 1977 and left office in 1983.

Frank C. Cooksey

Frank Cloud Cooksey (born June 3, 1933) is an American politician. He was mayor of Austin, Texas from 1985 to 1988. He is also an environmental activist, and is known for his progressive stance during his term as mayor.

Joe

Joe is a male given name. It may also refer to:




Kafana

Kafana () (in Serbian and Slovene), kafene\kafenë (pl. kafenejet\kafenët) (in Albanian), kafeana (кафеана, in Macedonian), kavana () (in Croatian), καφενείο\kafenio (pl. καφενεία\kafenia) (in Greek), cafenea (pl. cafenele) (in Romanian) are words used in the former Yugoslav countries and Albania for a specific type of local bistro which mostly serves alcohol and coffee, and often also light snacks and other food. Most kafanas feature live music.

The idea of a social meeting place for men to drink alcohol and coffee started in the Ottoman Empire and spread to the Balkans while it was under Ottoman rule. Over time, this became the modern kafana.


The word 'kafana' is taken from the Turkish word "kahvehane" ("coffeehouse") which is in turn taken from the Persian word "qahveh-khaneh" (a compound of the Arabic "qahve" [coffee] and Persian "khane" [house]).

In Macedonia, the word "kafeana" is sometimes used as if it means the same as "meana", while the variant "kafana" (adopted from Serbian folk-songs and made popular by artists) may be used for the kafana described in this article; however, both terms are used as if they have the same meaning by some people.

Nowadays in Serbia, the term "kafana" is used to describe any informal restaurant serving traditional cuisine, as well as some other kafana dishes like Karađorđeva šnicla.

In the 18th and early 19th centuries, running a kafana (then usually called "mehana") was a family business, passed on from generation to generation.

As the Balkan cities grew in size and became more urban, the kafana also changed. Some started serving food and offering other things to customers since the owners now had to compete with other similar places around the city. Most bigger towns and cities in this time had a "Gradska kafana" (City kafana) located in or around main square where the richest and most important people of that city would come to see and be seen. Prices in this kafana would usually be higher than others around the city that didn't have such an exclusive location.

Live music was first used in kafane in the early 20th century by kafana owners looking to offer different kinds of entertainment to their guests. Naturally, since there was no mass media these bands were local and would only play folk music that was popular in the local region.

As the 20th century began, Balkan cities saw lots of rural people move in, especially after World War II, and kafane changed for this. Some stayed the same, caring for the upper-class, while others began to change to be better for the new rural population who mostly worked in factories and on construction sites.

This is when the word "kafana" slowly began to mean something that you did not want and that was only for lower classes of society, like a ghetto. By the 1980s, calling a restaurant a "kafana" almost became an insult and most owners would not call their restaurants kafane. Instead, they used words like "restaurant", "cafe", "bistro", "coffee bar", &c. instead.

Now, the kafana is thought of as a place where sad lovers cure their sorrows in alcohol and music, gamblers waste lots of, husbands run away from mean wives while shady businessmen, corrupt local politicians and small criminals do business. Going to kafane often is seen as something that more men would do than women, and "honest" women dare only visit finer ones, and usually while they are with men.

This is mentioned in late-20th century folk songs, like "I tebe sam sit kafano" ("I'm Already Sick of You, Kafana") by Haris Džinović, "Kafana je moja sudbina" ("Kafana is My Destiny") by Toma Zdravković, and "Čaše lomim" ("I'm Breaking Glasses"), by Nezir Eminovski.



Cyril Wecht

Cyril Harrison Wecht (born March 20, 1931) is an American forensic pathologist. He is perhaps best known for his criticism of the Warren Commission's findings concerning the assassination of John F. Kennedy.

He has been the president of both the American Academy of Forensic Sciences and the American College of Legal Medicine, and headed the board of trustees of the American Board of Legal Medicine. He was County Commissioner and Allegheny County Coroner and Medical Examiner serving Pittsburgh.

Lutz, Florida

Lutz is an unincorporated census-designated place (CDP) in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. It is fifteen miles north of Tampa. The northern part of Lutz also makes up a portion of south Pasco County. The population was 23,707 at the 2020 census.

Waynesburg, Pennsylvania

Waynesburg is a borough in and the county seat of Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States, located about south of Pittsburgh. Its population was 4,006 at the 2020 census.

Euler–Poisson–Darboux equation

The Euler-Poisson-Darboux equation is an equation that can be used to solve the wave equation. This equation is named for Siméon Poisson, Leonhard Euler, and Gaston Darboux. It is a partial differential equation.

B-17 Bomber (video game)

B-17 Bomber is a single-player video game that came out for Mattel's Intellivision console in 1982. The game came with the Intellivoice voice synthesis module, which is used to tell the player what enemies are doing off-screen.

The aim of the game is to get points by attacking targets shown on a map with bombs. The map represented continental Europe and the seas around it. There are four categories of targets: Antiaircraft guns, airports, factories and ships.

In 1983, Danny Goodman of "Creative Computing Video & Arcade Games" said that "B-17 Bomber" was his favorite game that used the Intellivoice, enjoying the voices and saying the game and others "made the voice an integral part of game play". "B-17 Bomber" was enjoyed very much, getting a Certificate of Merit in the category of "1984 Best Videogame Audio-Visual Effects (Less than 16K ROM)" at the 5th annual Arkie Awards.


Ninian Park

Ninian Park was a football stadium in Leckwith, Cardiff, Wales. It was the home ground of Cardiff City F.C. for 99 years. It was opened in 1910, and closed in 2009. At the time of the stadium's closing, it had a seating capacity of 21,508.

In July 2009, Cardiff City's new ground, Cardiff City Stadium, opened.

Nadezhda Krupskaya

Nadezhda Konstantinovna Krupskaya (; 27 February 1939) was a Russian Bolshevik and the wife of Vladimir Lenin. Like her father, Krupskaya trained to be a teacher.

Krupskaya was born into a impoverished noble family. Because she was poor herself, she had strong views about making life easier for the poor. At one Marxist discussion group, she met Lenin. Soon after their meeting, Lenin was exiled to Siberia. Krupskaya was allowed to join him, on condition that they married. This could suggest a marriage of convenience, though they remained loyal. Following the 1917 Revolution, Krupskaya was at the forefront of the political scene. From 1922 to 1925, she was aligned with Stalin, Zinoviev and Kamenev against Trotsky's Left Opposition. Later, she disagreed with Stalin. She was deputy education commissar from 1929 to 1939. She had a strong influence over the Soviet educational system and the development of Soviet librarianship.

Tangelo

A Tangelo is a citrus fruit hybrid. Usually, one parent is a Mandarin orange and the other is a grapefruit. The fruit tastes mainly sweet and slightly sour. Tangelo fruits have a soft skin. They can grow to about in diameter.
Minneola is a variety of tangelo that was first grown commercially in Florida in 1931. 

Syrian Army

The Syrian Army, officially the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) (), is the land force branch of the Syrian Armed Forces. 
It started from local military forces created by France after World War I. These forces became one force in 1945, the year before Syria became independent.
Since 1946, it has played a major role in Syria's politics. They did six military coups: two in 1949, including the March 1949 Syrian coup d'état and the August 1949 coup by Colonel Sami al-Hinnawi, and one each in 1954, 1963, 1966, and 1970. 
It has fought four wars with Israel (1948, the Six-Day War in 1967, the October War of 1973, and 1982 in Lebanon) and one with Jordan (Black September in Jordan, 1970). An armored division was also sent to Saudi Arabia in 1990–91 during the Persian Gulf War, but it did not do much. From 1976 to 2005 it was the major pillar of the Syrian occupation of Lebanon. Within Syria, it played a major part in stopping the 1979–82 Islamist uprising in Syria. Since early 2011 has been fighting the Syrian Civil War.

Victor McGuire

Victor McGuire is an English actor, model, and television presenter. He is best known as Emma Amos in the BBC One comedy series sitcom "Goodnight Sweetheart" from 1993 to 2016.

Miranda House

Miranda House is a university college for women in New Delhi. Miranda House is affiliated with the University of Delhi. It was created in 1948.


Elizabeth Carling

Elizabeth Carling (born 20 October 1967 in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actor, actress, and singer, best known for presenting numerous shows such as Boon, Goodnight Sweetheart, Barbara, and Casulty.

Emma Amos

Emma Amos (born 18 August 1964) is an English actress. She played as Yvonne Sparrow in the last 2016 series time sitcom Goodnight Sweetheart, alongside Nicholas Lyndhurst and Michelle Holmes. She was born in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire.

Rock &amp; Chips

Rock & Chips is a British television comedy-drama series. It is the prequel to the sitcom Only Fools and Horses. The show is set in Peckham, South East London, England in the early 1960s. The cast includes: Kellie Bright, Nicholas Lyndhurst, James Buckley, Phil Daniels, Paul Putner, Katie Griffiths, Paula Wilcox, Mel Smith, Alison Pargeter, and Kacey Ainsworth.

Buster Merryfield

Harry "Buster" Merryfield (27 November 1920 – 23 June 1999) is an English actor and army officer best known who played Albert Trotter in the BBC and GOLD comedy series sitcoms Only Fools and Horses since 1985 to 1986 and Professor Challis in The Citadel since 1937 to 1983.

Alex Horne

Alexander James Jeffrey Horne (born 10 September 1978) is a British comedian and writer. Horne created Taskmaster with Greg Davies.

Brookside

Brookside is a British soap opera, set and shot in Liverpool, Merseyside, England. The series began on the launch night of Channel 4 on 2 November 1982 and ran for 21 years until 4 November 2003. Its cast included Dean Sullivan, Alex Fletcher, Anna Friel, Paul Usher, Sue Johnston, Claire Sweeney, Ricky Tomlinson, Ray Quinn and others.

Liang Jun (tractor driver)

Liang Jun () (April 1930 — 14 January 2020) was a Chinese tractor driver. She became a folk hero and model worker in Communist China. She is on China's one yuan banknote. She also was a politician. She was celebrated for breaking down class and gender barriers.

Magda al-Sabahi

Magda al-Sabahi (; 6 May 1931 – 16 January 2020) or Magda, was an Egyptian movie actress. She was known for her roles from 1949 to 1994. She was born in Tanta, Egypt. Her best known role was Jamila in "Djamila l'Algérienne" (1958).

al-Sabahi died on 16 January 2020 in Cairo at the age of 88.


Hollow Earth

The Hollow Earth is a concept proposing that the planet Earth is entirely hollow or contains a substantial inner space. Edmond Halley suggested this in the late 17th century. Pierre Bouguer tried to prove this idea false, in 1740. Charles Hutton could falsify the idea in his Schiehallion experiment around 1774.

It was still occasionally defended through the mid 19th century, notably by John Cleves Symmes Jr. and Jeremiah N. Reynolds, but by this time was part of popular pseudoscience and no longer a scientifically viable hypothesis.

The concept of a hollow Earth still recurs in folklore and as the premise for subterranean fiction, and a subgenre of adventure fiction ("Journey to the Center of the Earth", "At the Earth's Core").

Hollow Earth is also used in Godzilla vs. Kong as a major plot point.

Jewell, California

Jewell (formerly Jewells) is an unincorporated community in Marin County, California. It is 24 meters above sea level.

Tocaloma, California

Tocaloma (formerly Tocolom) is an unincorporated community in Marin County, California. It lies at an elevation of .

Stinson Beach, California

Stinson Beach is a census-designated place (CDP) in Marin County, California. In 2020, 541 people lived there. It is 8 meters above sea level.

Pete Brewster

Darrel Burton "Pete" Brewster (September 1, 1930 – January 3, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He played as a tight end. He played for the Cleveland Browns (1952–1958) and Pittsburgh Steelers (1959–1960). He was chosen for the Pro Bowl in 1955 and 1956. He was born in Portland, Indiana.

Brewster died in Belton, Missouri on January 3, 2020. He was 89.

Efraín Sánchez

Efraín Elías Sánchez Casimiro (26 February 1926 – 16 January 2020) was a Colombian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Sánchez was born in Barranquilla. He played for the Colombia national team from 1947 to 1962. He captained his country at the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile. He played for many club sides including Medellín, San Lorenzo and Atlas. He won the Colombian league title three times during his career. After retiring as a player, Sánchez became a manager. He managed the Colombia national team during three spells (1963, 1975, 1983–1984).

Sánchez died in Bogotá on 16 January 2020. He was 93.

You (TV series)

You is an American psychological thriller television series. It is developed by Greg Berlanti and Sera Gamble. The first season is based on the 2014 book "You" by Caroline Kepnes. The series stars Penn Badgley, Elizabeth Lail, Ambyr Childers, Victoria Pedretti, James Scully, Luca Padovan, Zach Cherry, Shay Mitchell, Jenna Ortega and Carmela Zumbado. The series first appeared on Lifetime. The series has been made by Netflix since the second season.

The first season follows Joe Goldberg, a New York bookstore manager and serial killer. He falls in love with a customer named Guinevere Beck and quickly develops an extreme obsession of her.

The first season of "You" aired in 2018. The second aired in 2019. The third season released in 2021. The fourth season released in 2023 and a fifth and final season confirmed by Netflix to premiere in 2024.

Ambyr Childers

Ambyr C. Childers (born July 18, 1988) is an American actress. On television, she is known for her roles as Susan Atkins in the NBC crime drama "Aquarius" (2015), Ashley Rucker in the Showtime crime drama "Ray Donovan" (2013–16) and Candace Stone in the Netflix thriller series "You" (2018–19). She also appeared as Colby Chandler in the soap opera "All My Children" (2006–08). She has acted in movies such as "All Things Fall Apart" (2011), "Playback" (2012), "The Master" (2012), "Broken City" (2013), "We Are What We Are" (2013) and "Vice" (2015).

Childers was born in Cottonwood, Arizona. She grew up in Murrieta, California. She was married to movie producer Randall Emmett from 2009 to 2017. The couple have two daughters.

Belton, Missouri

Belton is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 23,953.

Cottonwood, Arizona

Cottonwood is a city in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 12,029.

Helen Worth

Cathryn Helen Wigglesworth (born 7 January 1951), better known as Helen Worth, is an English actress. She is known for playing Gail Platt in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role that she has played continuously since July 1974. For her 40 years on the show she received an Outstanding Achievement in the 2014 British Soap Awards.

John Watkins (South African cricketer)

John Cecil Watkins (10 April 1923 – 6 September 2021) was a South African cricketer. He was born in Durban, Natal. He played in fifteen Tests for South Africa from 1949 to 1957. His first Test was against Australia and his last was against England.

Watkins died on 6 September 2021 in Durban from COVID-19 at the age of 98.

Paolo Suárez

Rodolfo Paolo Suárez Díaz (born 6 Jun 1980) is a footballer from Montevideo. Suárez plays in the game as a midfielder.

John Watkins (Australian cricketer)

John Russell Watkins (born 16 April 1943) is a former Australian cricketer. He was born in Newcastle, New South Wales. He played one Test for Australia, against Pakistan, in 1973.

Jimin (singer, born 1995)

Jimin or Park Ji-min (born October 13, 1995) is a member of the South Korean boy band, BTS. He is from Busan, South Korea but moved to Seoul to pursue his passion. He is the main dancer and the lead vocalist in BTS. He has performed solo work with BTS such as "Lie", "Set me free", "Serendipity", "Filter" and outside of BTS "Promise" and "Christmas Love".

Jimin debuted as a member of BTS in 2013. He was in fact the last member to join the group.

He’s the main dancer and lead vocalist of the group, and is well known for his unique voice and the way his dancing skills.

List of Intellivision games

This is a list of cartridges and cassettes for the Intellivision game system. Some cartridges were released by both Mattel Electronics and Sears Tele-Games, and later Intellivision Inc. Between 1979 and 1989, a total of 133 titles were released:

Most of this information is from the Game Catalog of IntellivisionLives.com. Some games were also released under different names when they were released again in "Intellivision Lives!".
All early games that were published by Mattel Electronics were categorized as "Network"s. Each network had its own color that was used for the game box. The network concept was abandoned in late 1982.

These are the cartridges released from 1979 to 1990, back when the Intellivision was made. The cartridges that use the Intellivision are included here. Even though the cartridges are designed to be played with the Intellivoice peripheral, they can be played without the Intellivoice peripheral.

Except for one of these cartridges, these cartridges need the ECS Computer Adapter and either the Computer Keyboard or Music Synthesizer peripherals.

Keyboard Component cassettes had limited availability through direct mail or select markets. Only 4000 Keyboard Components were made.

This is a list of Intellivision games that were mostly completed but not released. Keyboard Component software that would have been on cassette tape is also included. Technical demos, store demos, and test cartridges are not included. "Air Strike" is one game that is possibly unfinished, but is included in this list because the found prototype is a playable game. "Hypnotic Lights" is not included because it is mostly a technical demo. "Grid Shock" is excluded due to a lack of game play. Some of the games were not released because of marketing decisions, and others because Mattel Electronics shut down in January 1984. Except for where it otherwise says, this information comes from the list of "Unreleased Intellivision Games" at IntellivisionLives.com.

In a 2014 interview, APh programmer Tom Loughry said in 1982, he and another APh programmer started a third Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game which was abandoned when he left the company. He also worked on a Keyboard Component cassette game called "Super Football". It is not known how complete Super Football is. In a 2015 interview with Russ Haft, manager of the Intellivision programming group at Atari, it was said as well as the four games, released versions of "Joust, Jungle Hunt, Pole Position, and Missile Command" were completed or close to completion. Missile Command would have been dropped because of poor playability. A June 1983 press release from CBS Electronics announced "Wizard of War" and "Gorf" to be released in July 1983 and "Blueprint, Solar Fox", and "Omega Race" cartridges in August 1983. This suggests "Wizard of War" and "Gorf" were completed and programming on the others at least started. Other announced games such as Imagic "Wing War" and "Moonsweeper" have little information about their status.

There are games Intellivision fans and hobbyists created.

Emily Bishop

Emily Bishop (also Nugent and Swain; originally credited as Miss Nugent) is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". Portrayed by Eileen Derbyshire, the character is the longest-standing female character in the serial, having first appeared on-screen during an episode which aired on 21 December 1960, played by an uncredited walk on actress. From January onwards, she was played by Eileen Derbyshire. Derbyshire announced in November 2015 that she would be taking a retirement from the show and Emily departed on New Year's Day 2016 after 55 years on screen. It was announced on 9 August 2019 that Derbyshire had agreed to briefly reprise the role. She made a brief cameo on 9 October 2019 for Ken Barlow's (William Roache) 80th birthday celebration.

Philip J. Fry

Philip J. Fry, (born August 14, 1974) commonly known as Fry, is a fictional character and one of the main characters of the animated sitcom "Futurama". He is voiced by Billy West using a version of his own voice as he sounded when he was unlikey 25.
Born likey in the 20th century in New York City, Fry is depicted as an unintelligent man-child in his 20s.

Jack P. Shepherd

Jack Peter Shepherd (born 14 January 1988), known professionally by his stage name Jack P. Shepherd, is an English actor, know for his role as David Platt in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", he has continued to play the role continuously since April 2000. He won the 2008 British Soap Award for Best Actor and the 2008 British Soap Award for Villain of the Year. 

Praktica

Praktica was the brand name for a number of cameras, that were built by the state-owned company Kamera-Werke Niedersedlitz, and its predecessors. Between 1949 and 2001, about 9 mililon cameras were made.

With the German reunification, the company was dissolved. The brand name was given to Carl Zeiss AG

Chris Gascoyne

Christopher "Chris" Gascoyne (born 31 January 1968) is an English actor, who is known for his role as the seventh Peter Barlow in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2000–2003, 2007–present). Gascoyne has been nominated for several accolades at the British Soap Awards for his portrayal of Peter Barlow.

Gascoyne was born on 31 January 1968 in Huthwaite, Nottinghamshire to Marian and Derrick Gascoyne.
He attended Ashfield School, Kirkby in Ashfield. Gascoyne trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama.

Gascoyne lives in Chorlton, Manchester with his wife, actress Caroline Harding. They have three children.

Astley Baker Davies

Astley Baker Davies is an English animation company and studio based in London, England, owned by founders directors Neville Astley, Mark Baker and Phil Davies. It produced the television programmes The Big Knights, Peppa Pig and Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom in 2015 it beacame in Entertainment One. In 2023 the company became Hasbro's newly created division Hasbro Entertainment, due to eOne's film and television assets being sold to Lionsgate later in the year.

Lyman Beecher

Lyman Beecher (October 12, 1775 – January 10, 1863) was an important minister during the Second Great Awakening. He was a Presbyterian minister. He was also a co-founder of the American Temperance Society. He had 13 children, many of whom became notable people, including Harriet Beecher Stowe, Henry Ward Beecher, Charles Beecher, Edward Beecher, Isabella Beecher Hooker, Catharine Beecher and Thomas K. Beecher.

His son Henry Ward Beecher said that his father was "largely engaged during his life-time in controversy" (meaning that he was a controversial person).

500 (number)

Five hundred (500) is the natural number after 499 and before 501. In Roman numerals, 500 is written as D.


Sue Nicholls

Susan Frances Harmar Nicholls (born 23 November 1943) is an English actress, known for her roles on the British television programmes "Crossroads" (1964–1968), "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin" (1976–1979), "Rentaghost" (1981–1984), and her long-running role as Audrey Roberts in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1979–1982, 1984–present). She also appeared on Broadway in the 1974 revival of the comedy "London Assurance".
Nicholls first appeared as Audrey in "Coronation Street" in 1979 and played the role on a recurring basis for six years, before she joined the cast permanently in 1985. She won the 2000 British Soap Award for Best Comedy Performance, the 2003 British Soap Award for Best Dramatic Performance, and received the Outstanding Achievement Award in 2019.

Square root of 2

The square root of 2, or the (1/2)th power of 2, written in mathematics as or , is the positive irrational number that, when multiplied by itself, equals the number 2. To be more correct, it is called the principal square root of 2, to tell it apart from the negative version of itself where that is also true.

Geometrically, the square root of 2 is the length of a diagonal across a square with sides with a length of one; this can be found with the Pythagorean theorem. Because of that, it is also called the Pythagoras's constant.

The number formula_1 is not rational. Here is the proof.


Therefore, it is not true that formula_1 is a rational number. So formula_1 must be irrational.


Gladius

A gladius is a Roman short sword mainly used by gladiators and normal soldiers in Ancient Rome.

The Roman gladius came from the Celtiberians of Hispania, more specifically a sword used in the Second Punic War. When Rome won the Second Punic War, they adopted the gladius into the Roman army, which they adapted slightly to their needs for a soldier's sword.

After the military reforms of Gaius Marius during his consulships, the roman soldier was armed with a sword (gladius), a shield (scutum), two spears (pila), most of the time a dagger (pugio), and later in roman history, some throwing darts (plumbatae).

Roman soldiers in battle would throw pila to disrupt the enemy and make their shields usless, then go into close hand to hand fighting, in which the gladius was used.

You can read more about gladiators here.

Walter Hayman

Walter Kurt Hayman FRS (6 January 1926 – 1 January 2020) was a German-British mathematician. He was known for his works to complex analysis. He was Emeritus Professor at Imperial College London. Hayman was born in Cologne.

Hayman died on 1 January 2020 at the age of 93.

Rocky De La Fuente 2020 presidential campaign

On May 16, 2019 De La Fuente officially declared that he is seeking the Republican nomination for president in the 2020 United States presidential election.

In January 2017, De La Fuente stated in a court filing that he planned to again seek the Democratic Party nomination in the 2020 presidential election. He has filed to run as a Republican instead challenging incumbent President Donald Trump for the nomination. 

As of September 30, 2019, he had raised $6,735 from outside sources and had loaned his own campaign $10.18 million. 

During the run-up to the primaries, Libertarian Party chairman Nicholas Sarwark said that De La Fuente run for his party's nomination, an option which De La Fuente is thinking about.

Kotaro Suzumura

His research interests were in social choice theory and welfare economics. He was also a Fellow of the Econometric Society. He was born in Tokoname, Aichi, Japan.

R. Sathyanarayana

Mahamahopadhyaya Dr R. Sathyanarayana (9 May 1927 – 16 January 2020) was an Indian musicologist and dance teacher. He was born in Mysore, India. In 2018, Sathyanarayana received the Padma Shri. Between 1949 and 1984, he taught chemistry at the Sarada Vilas College, and also taught Karnataka music. He was the President of the Indian Music Congress.

I²C

I²C (Inter-Integrated Circuit), pronounced "I-squared-C", is a kind of computer bus for connecting integrated circuits and processors. It was invented in 1982 by Philips Semiconductor (which is now NXP Semiconductors).

Terence Hallinan

Terence Hallinan (December 4, 1936 – January 17, 2020) was an American attorney and politician. He was born in San Francisco, California. He was the 26th District Attorney of San Francisco from 1996 through 2004. Hallinan was defeated in the next election for DA by Kamala Harris. Hallinan was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Hallinan died on January 17, 2020 in San Francisco at the age of 83.


Zhu Yuli

Zhu Yuli (; February 1934 – 8 January 2020) was a Chinese politician and businessman. He was Director of the State Bureau of Technological Supervision from 1990 through 1992, Vice Minister of the Ministry of Astronautics Industry between 1992 to 1993 and General Manager of the state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China from 1993 to 1999. Zhu was born in Rugao, Jiangsu, Republic of China.

Zhu died on 8 January 2020 in Beijing, aged 85.

Wu Shuqing (economist)

Wu Shuqing (; 3 January 1932 – 10 January 2020) was a Chinese economist and educator. He was President of Peking University from August 1989 to August 1996 and vice-president of Renmin University of China. He was born in Jiangyin, Jiangsu.

On 10 January 2020, he died of an illness at the Beijing Hospital, aged 88.

Rahşan Ecevit

Rahşan Ecevit ("née" Aral; 17 December 1923 – 17 January 2020) was a Turkish politician. She was the widow of Prime Minister Bülent Ecevit. She was the founder of the Democratic Left People's Party. From 1985 through 1987, she was the party's leader. In 2010, she was the party's chairman. Ecevit was born in Bursa, Turkey.

Ecevit died on 17 January 2020 at the age of 96.

Khagendra Thapa Magar

Khagendra Thapa Magar () (4 October 1992 — 17 January 2020) was a Nepali man. He was the former shortest man in the world, measuring . Magar, who was a primordial dwarf, won the title of shortest man from Edward Niño Hernández when he turned 18 on 14 October 2010. He lost the title in June 2011 to Junrey Balawing of the Philippines.

Magar died in a Pokhara hospital on 17 January 2020 of pneumonia, aged 27.

Morimichi Takagi

Takagi died on January 17, 2020 of heart failure at the age of 78.

Appeasement

Appeasement is a diplomatic policy of meeting political demands to a possibly-aggressive power to avoid conflict.

The term was used especially for the foreign policy of the British governments of Prime Ministers Ramsay MacDonald, Stanley Baldwin and Neville Chamberlain towards Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy between 1935 and 1939. It was supported by most people there and in France, most notably under Édouard Daladier, because people feared another world war.


Die casting

Die casting is a type of metal casting that forces molten metal into the empty space of the mold. The mold is made by using two hardened tool steel dies which are machined into shape. These work like an injection mold.

Most die castings are made from non-ferrous metals (meaning they do not have iron). These metals are zinc, copper, aluminium, magnesium, lead, pewter, and tin-based alloys. Depending on what type of metal is being cast, a hot- or cold-chamber machine is used.

The casting equipment and the metal dies are expensive. This means it is used only on things that need to be made a large number of times. It is simple to make things using die casting, and it has only four main steps. This helps keep the cost of the items lower. Die casting works well for many small- to medium-sized castings, which is why it is used to make more castings than any other casting process. Die castings have a very good surface finish (compared to other types of casting) and consistent sizes.

Thayer, Missouri

Thayer is a city in Oregon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,883 at the 2020 census. 

Alton, Missouri

Alton is the county seat of Oregon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 871 at the 2010 census.

David Glass

David Dayne Glass (September 2, 1935 – January 9, 2020) was an American businessman. He was born in Oregon County, Missouri. He was the President and chief executive officer of Walmart from 1988 through 2000. He was also the Kansas City Royals.

In August 2019, Glass agreed to sell the Kansas City Royals to Cleveland Indians vice chairman John Sherman.

Glass died of complications from pneumonia in Bentonville, Arkansas on January 9, 2020 at the age of 84.


Chadds Ford Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Chadds Ford Township is a township in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. It is about southwest of Philadelphia. As of the 2020 census, Chadds Ford Township had a population of 3,972.

Chester Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Chester Township is a township in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,080 at the 2020 census.

Hannah John-Kamen

Hannah Dominique E. John-Kamen (born 7 September 1989) is a British actress. She is known for her roles as Dutch in the Syfy television series "Killjoys", Ornela in the HBO series "Game of Thrones", F'Nale Zandor in Steven Spielberg's "Ready Player One", and Ghost in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Ant-Man and the Wasp".

Walter Sickert

Walter Richard Sickert (31 May 1860 – 22 January 1942) was a German-British painter and printmaker. He was a member of the Camden Town Group of Post-Impressionist artists in early 20th-century London. He was an important influence on British styles of avant-garde art in the mid- and late 20th century. His works were often about Jack the Ripper, which led some to believe he might have been the actual killer.

Patricia Cornwell

Patricia Cornwell (born Patricia Carroll Daniels; June 9, 1956) is an American crime writer. She is known for her best-selling novels about medical examiner Kay Scarpetta solving murders in Richmond, Virginia. Cornwell is also known for leading the new research into the Jack the Ripper killings. Her books have sold more than 100 million copies.

Peggy Whitson

Peggy Annette Whitson (born February 9, 1960) is an American biochemistry researcher, retired NASA astronaut, and former NASA Chief Astronaut. 

Her first space mission was in 2002, with an extended stay aboard the International Space Station as a member of Expedition 5.

Her fourth space flight started in May 2023. She is commander on the Ax-2 flight. That flight uses a SpaceX Dragon 2 spacecraft. It is contracted to Axiom Space (a company).

Port Isabel, Texas

Port Isabel is a city in Cameron County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,028 at the 2020 census.

Dean Kamen

Dean Lawrence Kamen (born April 5, 1951) is an American engineer, inventor, and businessman. He is known for inventing the Segway and founding the non-profit organization FIRST with Woodie Flowers.

Kamen is best known for inventing the product that eventually became known as the Segway PT. It is an electric, self-balancing vehicle. The device is balanced on two parallel wheels and is controlled by moving body weight. The machine had a lot of attention after parts of a book quoting Steve Jobs and other notable IT inventors talking about its revolutionary potential were leaked in December 2001.

Kamen was already a successful inventor: his company "Auto Syringe" manufactures and markets the first drug infusion pump. His company DEKA also holds patents for the technology used in portable dialysis machines, an insulin pump (based on the drug infusion pump technology), and an all-terrain electric wheelchair known as the iBOT, using many of the same balancing technologies that were later used on the Segway.
Kamen has worked a lot on a project involving Stirling engine designs. It tries to create two machines: one that would generate power, and the Slingshot that would be a water purification system. He hopes the project will help improve living standards in developing countries. Kamen has a patent on his water purifier, and other patents pending. In 2014, the film "SlingShot" was released, which showed Kamen's quest to use his machine to fix the world's water crisis.

Kamen is also the co-inventor of a compressed air device that would launch a human into the air. This would be used to quickly launch SWAT teams or other emergency workers to the roofs of tall, hard-to-reach buildings.

In 2009 Kamen stated that his company DEKA was now working on solar powered inventions.

Kamen and DEKA also made the DEKA Arm System or "Luke", a prosthetic arm replacement that gives much more fine motor control than other prosthetic limbs. It was approved for use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in May 2014, and DEKA is looking for partners to mass-produce the prosthesis.

In 1989, Kamen founded FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), a program for students to get people interested in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). One competition started and run by FIRST is the FRC or FIRST Robotics Competition. In 2017, FIRST chose to host two international competitions, one in St. Louis, Missouri, and another in Houston, Texas, each a week apart. From 2018 to 2020, it will be held in Detroit, Michigan, instead of St. Louis, Missouri.

FIRST has many robotics programs for students in grades K-12, including FLL JR. (FIRST Lego League Jr.) for younger elementary school students, FLL (FIRST Lego League) for older elementary school and middle school students, FTC (FIRST Tech Challenge) for middle and high school students, and FRC (FIRST Robotics Competition) for high school students. In 2017, FIRST held the inaugural event of its first olympics-style competition – FGC (FIRST Global Challenge) – in Washington, D.C. 

Kamen says that FIRST is the invention he is most proud of. He predicts that the 1 million students who have taken part in the contests so far will create important inventions in the future.

Woodie Flowers

Woodie Claude Flowers (November 18, 1943 – October 11, 2019) was a professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He worked on engineering design and product development. He also held the Pappalardo Professorship and was a MacVicar Faculty Fellow.

Flowers was born in Jena, Louisiana on November 18, 1943. He was named after his grandfathers Woodie and Claude. His father, Abe Flowers, was a welder and inventor. His mother, Bertie Graham, was an elementary-school and special education teacher. As a boy, he showed mechanical aptitude like his father, Abe, and he earned the rank of Eagle Scout. When he was seventeen, he and four friends were driving on Louisiana Highway 127 when they were hit head-on by another vehicle that was traveling at about . The accident killed two people in Flowers' vehicle and one in the other. It made him believe what he called "genetic opposition to violence" and created his "fierce, vocal loathing of any spectacle that involves crashing pieces of machinery into each other with deliberate force."

Flowers went to Louisiana Polytechnic Institute and graduated with his B.S. in 1966. He then went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), earning his M.S. (1968), M.E. (1971), and Ph.D. (1973) under the direction of Bob Mann. His thesis, called "A man-interactive simulator system for above-knee prosthetics studies," was on a robot-like prosthetic knee inspired by Mann's Boston Arm.

After receiving his doctorate (Ph.D.), Flowers began as an assistant professor at MIT. He worked with Herb Richardson on the "Introduction to Design and Manufacturing" class. Known by its course number as 2.70 (now 2.007), the class had a design competition to build robotic devices to accomplish a challenge. Flowers took over the class in 1974, changing it into one of the most popular classes at MIT. He changed the challenge every year, always trying to make it more complex and exciting. The competition was shown on TV several years on the PBS show "Discover the World of Science". The competition became like a sporting event, and was even jokingly referred to as MIT's true homecoming game. In 1987, Flowers handed the class over to Harry West.

"Discover the World of Science" changed its name to "Scientific American Frontiers" in 1990, and Flowers served as its host until 1993 when he was replaced by Alan Alda. In 1990, Flowers began working with Dean Kamen on FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), a project to promote science and technology. Taking parts from 2.70, they created the FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) in 1992. Flowers brought the phrase "gracious professionalism" to FIRST, an idea which has since become very important in FIRST rules and culture. Flowers served every year as National Advisor to FIRST. He was active at FIRST events, working as an MC and treated along with Kamen "like heroes."

At the 2017 VEX Robotics World Championship, Woodie Flowers was inducted into the STEM Hall of Fame.

Flowers was a "Distinguished Partner" at Olin College, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 2007, he received a degree "honoris causa" from Chilean university Universidad Nacional Andrés Bello. He died on October 11, 2019, in Massachusetts following complications from aorta surgery.

In 1996, the FIRST Robotics Competition created the Woodie Flowers award, which was given to Flowers that year. In years since, the award has served as a way for FRC teams to honor adult mentors. At each FRC regional competition a Woodie Flowers Finalist Award is presented to one adult who was nominated. This qualifies them for the Championship Woodie Flowers Award (WFA) presented at the FIRST Championship.


Encoder

Encoder may refer to:




Abuse of power

Abuse of power is the act of taking advantage of one's high authority in order to control what other people with lower authority are able to do. Abuse of power is often associated with corruption. Often, presidents are charged with abuse of power because they pressure all of the less powerful politicians into doing things that the other politicians disagree with. Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States, was impeached on December 2019 because of a scandal where he agreed with Ukraine to manipulate the 2020 presidential election in exchange for foreign aid.

Rotary encoder

A rotary encoder is a device that can keep track of how much something has turned. This is called its angular position. That information is useful to know how far a motor has turned, for example. 

Rotary encoders are often used in manufacturing and robotics. This is because they need things to be measured and controlled very accurately.

An absolute encoder always keeps track of what value its on, even if it isn't powered.

An incremental encoder only keeps track of changes. It gives off signals if it is turned one way or another. 

List of cities and towns in California

California is a state in the Western United States. It is the state with the most people, as 39,538,223 people lived there in 2020.

California is split into 58 counties and has 482 municipalities. One county, San Francisco, is a city-county, which means it is both a municipality and county. In California law, there is no difference between a city and town. This means municipalities can use either name.

The largest municipality by population is Los Angeles, which had 3,898,747 people living there in 2020. The smallest is Amador City, with 200 people living there in 2020.

Cease and desist

A cease and desist letter is a document sent to an individual or business to stop attempted illegal activity ("cease") and not to restart it ("desist"). The letter may warn to the individual or business that if they do not stop certain behaviour by deadlines set in the letter, then that individual or business may be sued. The same letter may also warn the individual or business to take specified actions in order to avoid being sued. When a cease and desist letter is issued by a public authority, it is called a "cease and desist order".

Although cease and desist letters are not exclusively used for stopping copyright infringement, such letters are also used to protect other issues related to intellectual property. The holder of an intellectual property right (i.e. either a copyrighted work, a trademark, or a patent) may send the cease and desist letter to tell a third party (i.e. an individual or business who is not related to the holder of the intellectual property right) that they are infringing intellectual property. The letter may contain either an offer to license the intellectual property or a very clear threat of a lawsuit. A cease and desist letter often causes both parties to make licensing negotiations, and is very often the first step towards a lawsuit.

If someone receives many cease and desist letters, it will cost a large amount of money to manage them. Each claim in the letters must be evaluated, and the person or group who receives it will have to decide what to do to sort out the cease and desist letter. Either, they would have to obtain an attorney's opinion letter, prepare for a lawsuit, and perhaps start making suitable alternatives that do not break the holder's intellectual property.

Cease and desist letters are sometimes used to intimidate the offending groups and can be used by corporations to relax the online critical speech of such groups. A company owning a trademark may send such letter to them that they are doing trademark infringement, although the actual use of the trademark by the offending group may fall under a fair use exception (which follows, in the U.S., the protection of free speech under the First Amendment).


Pepe the Frog

Pepe the Frog is an internet meme. He is an anthropomorphic green frog who had originated in a comic by Matt Furie called "Boy's Club". He appears in many different types of popular memes on the internet. By 2015, he is the most popular meme in 4chan and Tumblr.

He has also appears as a symbol of alt-right movement. However, Pepe's creator didn't like it that Pepe the Frog is being used as a hate symbol, and he will sue any organization who uses Pepe as a hate symbol.

Khatib MRT station

Khatib MRT station (NS14) is an Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South line in Yishun, Singapore.

The section of tracks between this station and Yio Chu Kang MRT station is the longest between any two stations on the North South line.

The station was previously named Nee Soon South. It was renamed to Khatib in January 1987 along with Yishun MRT station which was initially named Nee Soon. In 1990, a power failure which occurred at Yishun station affected services at this station.

In 2002, lift upgrading commenced at this station and was completed on 10 January 2003.

Installation of the half-height screen doors started and operations commenced on 30 September 2011. The station was installed with high-volume low-speed fans and the fans started running since 28 August 2012.


Kate Ford

Kate Ford (born 29 December 1976) is an English actress, known for portraying the role of Tracy Barlow on the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2002 to 2007, and 2010 onwards. Ford was born and raised in Salford Disrict, Greater Manchester, England.

Greg Davies

Gregory Daniel Davies (born 14 May 1968) is a British stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for his roles as Greg in "We Are Klang", Mr Gilbert in "The Inbetweeners", Ken Thompson in "Cuckoo", the Taskmaster in "Taskmaster" and Dan Davies in "Man Down". He has made guest appearances in panel shows such as "Mock the Week" and "Would I Lie to You?".

For his role in "Cuckoo", Davies was nominated for the BAFTA Television Award for Best Male Comedy Performance in 2013.

Davies was born in St Asaph, Denbighshire, Wales. He grew up in Wem, Shropshire, England. Davies is noted for his height, standing tall.

Nikolai Tsymbal

Nikolai Andreyevich Tsymbal (; 20 January 1925 – 15 January 2020) was an officer of the Soviet Armed Forces. He worked in the force's political branch and reached the rank of . He was deputy head of the Gagarin Air Force Academy. He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, the Order of the Red Banner of Labour, and the Order of Friendship.

Bobby Kay

Romeo Cormier (5 January 1950 – 17 January 2020) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was best known by the ring name Bobby Kay. He was a member of the Cormier wrestling family, a group of four brothers who were all successful professional wrestlers. 

He worked in Canada and the United States from 1967 to the mid-1980s. He owned and operated part of the Eastern Sports Association. After retiring from wrestling, he performed country music professionally before taking a job with Loblaws.

The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin

The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin is a British series sitcom of novels written by David Nobbs. Its also adapted casting Leonard Rossiter, Pauline Yates, John Barron, Sue Nicholls, Geoffrey Palmer, Bruce Bould, John Horsley, Trevor Adams, Sally-Jane Spencer, Tim Preece, Leslie Schofield and Derry Power from the title role. It was produced airing on the BBC and BBC One from 8 September 1976, until the series till 24 January 1979. He adapted the first series from the novel.

Ashwini Kumar Chopra

Ashwini Kumar Chopra (11 June 1956 – 18 January 2020) was an Indian politician, cricketer and journalist. He was born in Jalandhar. Chopra was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 2014 through 2019. As a journalist, he worked for "Punjab Kesari". 

Chopra died of cancer on 18 January 2020 in Gurgaon, Haryana. He was 63.

Mark Pocan

Mark William Pocan (; born August 14, 1964) is an American politician and businessman. He is the U.S. Representative for Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party, Pocan is Co-Chair of both the Congressional Progressive Caucus and the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus. 

From 1999 to 2013 he was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. 

He is openly gay.

In January 2020, Pocan endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President.


Peroxisome

Peroxisomes or microbodies are organelles inside eukariotic cells which are enclosed with a membrane. They are involved in various processes, and use up oxygen.

Peroxisomes play an important role in metabolism, reactive oxygen species detoxification, and signaling. 

Peroxisomes derive their name from their use of molecular oxygen for metabolic processes. These organelles are largely associated with lipid (fat) metabolism and the processing of reactive oxygen species. The products are sent to the mitochondria for use as an energy source. 

Michael Le Vell

Michael Robert Turner (born 15 December 1964), known professionally as Michael Le Vell, is an English actor. He is known for his role as mechanic Kevin Webster in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which he has played continuously since 1983.

Rentaghost

Rentaghost is a British children's comedy television show by the BBC between 6 January 1976 and the series until 6 November 1984. The shows plot a number ghost in the Rentaghost film series, it's cast, Anthony Jackson, Michael Derbyshire, Michael Staniforth, Edward Brayshaw, Ann Emery, Molly Weir, Sue Nicholls and Lynda La Plante.

Al-Nabk District

Al-Nabk is a town in Syria. It is located to the North of Damascus, the capital. It takes about 90 minutes by car from the main international Airport. The population is about forty thousand people. The weather is very cold and snowy in winter because Al-Nabk lies on high mountains. It is about 1360 meter above the sea level. However, in summer the weather is very nice and warm. It is a place for spending happy holidays.

Sally Ann Matthews

Sally Ann Matthews (born 19 September 1970) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Jenny Bradley in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1986–1991, 1993, 2015–present).

Gary Ablett

Gareth Ian Ablett (19 November 1965 – 1 January 2012) was an English professional footballer and manager. He played as a defender. His professional career lasted from 1985 until 2001.

Ablett was born in the Liverpool suburb of Aigburth. He played for Liverpool between 1985 and 1992. With the club, he won two league titles and an FA Cup, winning against Everton in the 1989 final. In 1995, Ablett moved from Liverpool to city rivals Everton. Later that year, he won the FA Cup with Everton. He remains the only player to win an FA Cup with both clubs. He also played for Derby County, Hull City, Sheffield United, Birmingham City, Wycombe Wanderers, Blackpool and the Long Island Rough Riders during his career. He was also a youth team manager for Liverpool and Everton. From 2009 to 2010, he was manager of Stockport County.

On 1 January 2012, Ablett died of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Tarleton, Lancashire. He was 46.

Liverpool

Everton

Gary Ablett (disambiguation)

Gary Ablett (1965–2012) was an English professional footballer and manager.

Gary Ablett may also refer to:


The Citadel (1960 miniseries)

The Citadel was a 1960 British adaption television miniseries of A.J. Cronin's 1937 novel "The Citadel". The series was directed by John Frankau and Peter Graham Scott. It starred Eric Lander, Zena Walker, Elizabeth Shepherd, Noel Harrison, Richard Vernon, Jack May and Zena Walker.

John Barron

John Barron (24 December 1920 - 3 July 2004) was an English actor. Although Barron was a familiar face on British television from the 1950s, he is best remembered for his role in the BBC comedy The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin, since 1976 until the series in 1979 playing CJ Perrin's overbearing boss.

Sally Dynevor

Sally Jane Dynevor MBE ("née" Whittaker; born 30 May 1963) is an English actress, best known for portraying the role of Sally Webster in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which she has played continuously since January 1986.

Ben Price

Ben Price (born 30 June 1972) is an English actor, television presenter and writer for YouTube, best known for his portrayal of Nick Tilsey in ITV's longest running television soap opera "Coronation Street", a role which he has played since 2009.

Tina O'Brien

Tina Michelle O'Brien (born 7 August 1983) is an English actress. She is best known for her portraying the roles of Sarah Platt in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1999–2008, 2015–present), and Bex Fisher in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2010–2011).

Esto perpetua

Esto perpetua is a phrase from latin meaning "Let it be forever". This is the motto of the Idaho state of U.S. 

Connie Hyde

Connie Skov Hyde (born 15 November 1969) is an English actress. Between 2017 and 2019, Hyde played Gina Seddon in the ITV television soap opera Coronation Street. Hyde also played PC Cathy Bradford in "The Bill". She has guest starred in "Dangerfield" and "Dalziel and Pascoe".
She was born to his English father and Danish father grew up in Lancashire.

Beverley Callard

Beverley Jane McEwan (née Moxon; previously Atkinson, Sowden and Callard; born 28 March 1957) is an English actress, known for her roles as Liz McDonald in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" and Flo Henshaw in the BBC sitcom "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet for Crisps".

Ryukyuan people

The Ryukyuan people (琉球民族, Okinawan: "Ruuchuu minzuku"; Japanese: "Ryuukyuu minzoku") are the natives of the Ryūkyū Islands, a collection of islands located in Japan.

The Ryukyuans descend from the Jōmon and Yayoi peoples.

By the 14th century, numerous chiefs ruled the Ryukyu Islands. In Okinawa, a new chief named Tamagusuku was unpopular among local lords, causing the island to be split into three kingdoms (Chūzan, Nanzan and Hokuzan). By the 15th century, the island was re-united, causing the Ryukyu Kingdom to be born. In the following centuries, the Ryukyu Kingdom would expand its rule over the Amami, Miyako and Yaeyama islands. They would also become a vassal state of China.

In 1609, the Japanese domain of Satsuma took over the Ryukyu Kingdom. The Amami Islands were then ruled by Satsuma, whereas the rest of the Ryukyu Kingdom was turned into a vassal.

In 1872, the Ryukyu Kingdom became the Ryūkyū Domain. In 1879, the Japanese Empire took control of the country.

After Japanese annexation happened, the local cultures and languages of Ryukyu were suppressed. Children who spoke the native Ryukyuan languages at school were punished with dialect cards.

During the Battle of Okinawa (World War II), between 40,000 and 150,000 Okinawans were killed. After World War II ended, the Ryukyu Islands were placed under American administration. The Amami Islands were returned to Japan in 1953, whereas the ofher island groups were returned in 1972.

Many Ryukyuans (especially the diaspora communities in Hawaii and Brazil) consider themselves to be different from the Japanese, who mainly inhabit the mainland (Honshū, Kyūshū, Shikoku and Hokkaidō).

On the other hand, many other Ryukyuans identify as “Japanese”, which is the result of assimilation that dates back to the Meiji Era.

Historically, the Ryukyuans spoke the Ryukyuan languages. Because Japan suppressed them in the past, they are all endangered, with most speakers being elderly. A Japanese speaker wouldn't be able to understand any of the six Ryukyuan languages without any knowledge out of it. Despite this, the Japanese government calls the Ryukyuan languages ”Japanese dialects” for political reasons. Most linguists on the other hand refer to the Ryukyuan languages as separate languages.

The native religion of the Ryukyuans is the Ryukyuan religion, an animistic faith that believes in ancestor worship. Other religions practiced in Ryukyu include Shintoism, Buddhism and Christianity.


Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps

Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps is a British sitcom. It is set in Runcorn, Cheshire. It ran from 26 February 2001 to 24 May 2011 on BBC Two. It stars Ralf Little, Natalie Casey, Will Mellor, Sheridan Smith, Karthyn Drysdale and Beverley Callard.

Jaguar F-Type

The Jaguar F-Type (project code X152) is a two-door, two-seater sports car, manufactured by British luxury car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover.

Ralf Little

Ralf Alastair John Little (born 8 February 1980) is an English actor, writer, and semi-professional footballer. Little is known for acting in comedy shows. He has played Antony Doyle in "The Royle Family" and Jenny Keogh in the first six series of "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps" on BBC Two, as well as known for playing Joseph in an episode of the second season for the BBC series "Robin Hood".

Simon Gregson

Simon Alan Gregory (born 2 October 1974), better known by his stage name, Simon Gregson, is an English actor, known for his role as Steve McDonald in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which he has played continuously since December 1989. He has received 17 awards for comedy and performance, plus a Legends of Industry Award. He is a patron for Scotty's Little Soldiers.

Fiestas de San Blas y Santa Águeda (Mequinenza)

Fiestas de San Blas and Santa Águeda is a celebration of the municipality of Mequinenza in the province of Zaragoza, an autonomous community of Aragon that consists of a holiday that is part of the historical tradition of the town due to its age and continuity through time and for the originality and diversity of its acts, becoming a tourist phenomenon with great attraction of visitors. There is evidence of more than 300 years of celebration, with an active participation of the local population in both religious and festive celebrations. These parties include unique events such as the delivery of the baton, costume contests (both children and adults) as well as the elaboration of "coca" and "pa beneït". They take place during the first half of February, they are considered as the winter celebrations of the town and since 2018 they have been recognized as a Festival of Tourist Interest in Aragon.

It exists proof of at least three centuries of celebration of Saint Blas and Saint Águeda in Mequinenza, a tradition that stressed when, with the construction of the reservoir of Riba-red in the years 70, the Old Village remained under the river Ebro and the urban core of the place had to move to his current location to few kilometres water up, to river banks Segre. Historically, the procession of Saint Blas ran to charge of the men and the one of Saint Águeda to the women, but the natural evolution of the tradition has comported that in the actuality the Commissions of Saint Blas and Santa Águeda are exclusively formed by women that purchase a special leadership during the days of celebration. Saint Blas and Santa Águeda took importance during the Franco regime, since although it was forbidden to disguise, Mequinenza continued challenging the prohibition imposed by the authorities, a fact that boosted even more the popular rooting and the singular character of the tradition.

The festivity initiates with the delivery of the Clave of Control to the Commissions of Saint Blas and Santa Águeda, to continue the day 3 February with the religious celebrations of Saint Blas and the day 5 with the ones of Santa Águeda. The day concludes with the known contests of costumes artesanales for small and greater, at the same time that diverse and colourful rúas visit the population accompanied of music in direct. During the celebrations elaborate “cokes”, a sweet typical traditional to base of oil, flour and water, to which adds a secret ingredient that knows only each Commission. The process of preparation of “cokes” transmits of generation in generation through the members of the Commission of Saint Blas and Santa Águeda.

Tradition, party and colour join during the parties, filling the population during these days of national visitors and foreigners attracted by the big espectacularidad of the handmade costumes. The groups parade by the streets of the place disguised with attires of historical characters, imaginary or of fiction to rhythm of musics varied. The works of preparation of the costumes initiate months before the festivity with an intense work done entirely manually, fruit of the creativity and the wit in which it involves all the population. The festivity of Saint Blas and Santa Águeda is the expression of the collective effort and the artistic expression of all the population of Mequinenza, as well as a signal of identity and referent in all the Region of the Low/Baix Cinca.


Candy bar

A candy bar is a type of candy that has been made into the shape of a bar. The most common kind of candy bar is made with chocolate, but there may be other kinds as well, like a granola bar.

Jupiter Award (science fiction award)

The Jupiter Awards were prizes for writing science fiction. There were awards for the best novel, novella, novelette and short story. These awards were given most years from 1974 to 1978. The group called "Instructors of Science Fiction in Higher Education" gave the awards.


Robert Maclennan, Baron Maclennan of Rogart

Robert Adam Ross Maclennan, Baron Maclennan of Rogart (26 June 1936 – 18 January 2020) was a British politician and life peer. He was the last leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) from 1987 to 1988. He was the president of the Liberal Democrats from 1995 to 1998. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1966 to 2001, when he was raised to the House of Lords.

Maclennan was born in Glasgow. His father was Sir Hector MacLennan. He died in January 2020, at the age of 83.

Rolf Koschorrek

Rolf Koschorrek (17 June 1956 – 12 January 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He was a member of the national Bundestag from 2005 to 2013. He was in the dentistry industry outside of politics.

Koschorrek was born in Bad Bramstedt. On 12 January 2020, he died of cancer in Berlin. He was 64.

Deaths in February 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 2020. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

































National Book Foundation

The National Book Foundation (NBF) is an American nonprofit organization established "to raise the cultural appreciation of great writing in America". Established 1989 by National Book Awards, Inc.,


Some of the Foundation's programs include:

Petr Pokorný (theologian)

Petr Pokorný (April 21, 1933 – January 18, 2020) was a Protestant theologian. He was a professor at Charles University in Prague, and pastor of the Evangelical Church of Czech Brethren. He was one of the leading biblical scholars in the Czech Republic. 

Piri Sciascia

Piri John Ngarangikaunuhia Sciascia (6 November 1946 – 18 January 2020) was a New Zealand Māori leader and university administrator. From 2016 until his death, he was kaumātua and advisor to the governor-general and government of New Zealand. He was a member of the organising committee for the international exhibition "Te Maori". 

He died on 18 January 2020.

James Mollison

James Mollison (20 March 1931 – 19 January 2020) was an Australian arts administrator. He was acting director of the National Gallery of Australia (NGA) from 1971 to 1977 and director from 1977 to 1990. He was also director of the National Gallery of Victoria from 1989 to 1995. He was born in Wonthaggi, Victoria.

Mollison retired as the NGA's director in 1990 and moved to Melbourne to become director of the National Gallery of Victoria. He died on 19 January 2020, at the age of 88.

Sunanda Patnaik

Sunanda Patnaik (7 November 1934 – 19 January 2020) was an Indian classical singer of Gwalior gharana. She was thought to be one of the great singers of Hindustani music.

Claremont, California

Claremont () is a city on the eastern edge of Los Angeles County, California, United States. It is east of downtown Los Angeles. It is in the Pomona Valley, at the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 37,266. It is home to the Claremont Colleges, a group of seven colleges.

Los Osos, California

Los Osos is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place located along the Pacific coast of San Luis Obispo County, California. The community is part of the 93402 and 93412 ZIP codes and area code 805. The population was 14,465 at the 2020 census.

Dinwiddie County, Virginia

Dinwiddie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,947. Its county seat is Dinwiddie.

Dinwiddie, Virginia

Dinwiddie is a small unincorporated community and the county seat of Dinwiddie County, Virginia, United States.

Ingham County, Michigan

Ingham County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 284,900. The county seat is Mason. 

Mason, Michigan

Mason is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is named after the state's first governor, Stevens T. Mason. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 8,283. It is the county seat of Ingham County.

Genesee County, Michigan

Genesee County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 406,211, making it the fifth-most populous county in Michigan. The county seat and population center is Flint.

Helen Flanagan

Helen Joyce Gabriel Flanagan (born 7 August 1990) is an English actress. She is best known for presenting the role as Rosie Webster in Coronation Street with Jack P. Shepherd. Flangan is an anchor from the ITV reality show I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out Here.

She was born at Bury, Greater Manchester, England.

Malcolm Hebden

Malcolm Hebden (born 21 December 1939) is an English actor. He is known for portraying the role of Norris Cole in the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", a role which he played from 1994 to 1997, 1999 to 2017, and again from 2019 to 2020.

Brooke Vincent

Brooke Levi Vincent (born 4 June 1992) is an English actress. She is known for her role as Sophie Webster in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which she played from 2004 to 2019.

Vincent was born in Audenshaw, Greater Manchester, England.

Stanisław Stefanek

Stanisław Stefanek (7 May 1936 – 17 January 2020) was a Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Majdan Sobieszczański. He became a priest in 1959. He later held the roles of auxiliary bishop of Szczecin-Kamień and titular bishop of "Forum Popilii". He served as bishop of Łomża from 1996 until his retirement in 2011.

Stefanek died on 17 January 2020 in Lublin, at the age of 83.

Rob Mallard

Robert Stephen Mallard (born 19 May 1992) is an English actor, best known for playing the role of Daniel Osbourne in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2016 onwards. He is the third actor to play the role, replacing Lewis Harney and Dominic Holmes. He was born in Manchester, England.

David Rudman

David Rudman (born June 1, 1963) is an American puppeteer, cartoonist, producer, and director, best known for performing Baby Bear, Cookie Monster, and the right head of the Two-Headed-Monster on Sesame Street.

Two-Headed Monster

The Two-Headed Monster is a light purple monster on "Sesame Street". It first appeared in 1978 in Season 9.

The performers for the Two-Headed Monster are listed below:


Sky Atlantic

Sky Atlantic is a British pay drama comedy television channel also by the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, owned by Sky Limited in the United States.

Sky Atlantic is not available on Virgin Media.

David Neilson

David Neilson (born 13 March 1949) is an English actor, best known for portraying the role of Roy Cropper in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 1995 onwards.

He was born in Loughborough, Leicester, England.

Tristan Gemmill

Tristan John Gemmill (born 6 June 1967) is an English actor, most notable for his roles as Dr Adam Trueman on "Casualty", and Robert Preston in "Coronation Street". He was born in Kensington, London, England.

Dick Scott (historian)

Richard George Scott (17 November 1923 – 1 January 2020) was a New Zealand historian and journalist. He wrote many books on the history of New Zealand. His first book, "151 Days" (1952), was about the 1951 New Zealand waterfront dispute. His most well-known work is "Ask That Mountain" (1975), which tells the events of the non-violent Māori resistance to European occupation in Parihaka. Former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark called it "one of New Zealand's most influential books." His autobiography, "Dick Scott: A Radical Writer's Life", was published in 2004.

Scott was born in Palmerston North. He was the father of writer Rosie Scott (1948–2017).

Scott died on 1 January 2020, at the age of 96.

John N. Brandenburg

John Nelson Brandenburg (April 29, 1929 – January 14, 2020) was an American lieutenant general in the U.S. Army. He was born in Enid, Oklahoma. He was a commander of the I Corps at Fort Lewis, a post which he served from 1981 to 1984. He was also a commander of the 101st Airborne Division from 1978 to 1980. He retired from the military in May 1984 after 33 years of service.

On January 14, 2020, Brandenburg died at his home in Canton, Georgia. He was 90.

Palmerston North

Palmerston North is a city in the North Island of New Zealand. It is the seat of the Manawatū-Whanganui region. The city is north of the capital, Wellington. Palmerston North is the country's seventh-largest city. As of June 2018, the city had an urban population of 86,600.

Canton, Georgia

Canton is a city in and the county seat of Cherokee County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 32,973.

Jane Danson

Jane Danson (born Jane Elizabeth Dawson; 8 November 1978) is an English actress. She is best known for her portraying the role of Leanne Battersby in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1997–2000, 2004–present). Her other television credits include "Children's Ward" (1995–1997), "The Grand" (1997), "Always and Everyone" (2001–2002) and "The Bill" (2002–2003).

For her role on "Coronation Street", Danson won the 2011 British Soap Award for "Best Dramatic Performance".

Georgia Taylor

Georgia Taylor (born Claire Marie Jackson; 26 February 1980) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Toyah Battersby in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1997–2003, 2016–present), Ruth Winters in the BBC medical drama series "Casualty" (2007–2011), and Kate Barker in the ITV police drama series "" (2013–2014).

She was born and raised in Wigan, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.

Alan Halsall

Alan David Halsall (born 11 August 1982 in Walkden, Worsley, Greater Manchester) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Tyrone Dobbs in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role which he has played since 1998. 

He has a daughter with his ex-wife Lucy-Jo Hudson.

David Maslanka

David Maslanka (August 30, 1943 - August 7, 2017) was a composer. He is best known for his pieces for wind ensemble and his fourth symphony.

Maslanka learned how to write music with H. Owen Reed. He taught at Kingsborough Community College and Sarah Lawrence College. After 1990, Maslanka stopped teaching. He only wrote music after then. He lived in Missoula, Montana for most of his career.

Jimmi Harkishin

James "Jimmi" Harkishin (born Rajan Harkinshindas; 19 March 1965) is a English actor, best known for portraying the role of Dev Alahan in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which he has played continuously since 10 November 1999. He also had a small role in the film "East is East", as well as "Bhaji on the Beach". Harkishin played Gary Lobo in the "Jonathan Creek" episode "Danse Macabre".

Harkishin was born in Paris, France, to an Indian father, Deepak, and an Italian mother, Soni.

He began acting in 1987 under the stage name James Harkishin, and played the regular character of Jose Cuervo for 18 episodes between 1990–1993 in the children's TV series "Uncle Jack".

Sue Cleaver

Susan Owen ("née" Cleaver; born 2 September 1963) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Eileen Grimshaw in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role she has played continuously since May 2000. Prior to appearing on "Coronation Street", Cleaver portrayed Glenda alongside Victoria Wood in the BBC sitcom "Dinnerladies" from 1998 to 2000. She was covering for Denise Robertson as the agony aunt on ITV daytime programme "This Morning" until Robertson's death in 2016. In 2022, Cleaver was a contestant on the twenty-second series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", and came 9th. 

Cleaver was born in Watford, Hertfordshire, England and moved to Manchester as a teenager.

This Morning

This Morning is a British daytime television programme that is broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom and Virgin Media One in the Republic of Ireland. It features news, home, food, health and entertainment segments. The current main presenters are Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary.

The show aired its first episode on 3 October 1988. The longest serving presenter of the show is Ruth Langsford who presented the series continously for 21 years since 1999. The show was originally presented by husband and wife duo Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan until 2001. 

Through most of its history, it was presented by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Scofield from Monday to Thursday, and Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on Fridays and holidays. Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle are also recurring presenters. From 2002 to 2023, Phillip Schofield was also one of the main hosts but he left the show due to several controversies. Holly Willoughby also announced that she was quitting on October 10 2023 following a plot to murder her.

Cherokee County, Georgia

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 266,620. The county seat is Canton.

Shale gas

Shale gas is natural gas that comes from shale, a kind of sedimentary rock. Most natural gas in the Earth is shale gas, but getting it out of the ground is difficult.

The issues with shale gas are rather similar to oil sands. In fact all types of oil and hydrocarbon gas in the ground were made during the far ancient past when the climate was much warmer than today. 

Jimmy Heath

James Edward Heath (October 25, 1926 – January 19, 2020), nicknamed "Little Bird", was an American jazz saxophonist, composer, arranger and big band leader. He was the brother of bassist Percy Heath and drummer Albert Heath. In 1975, the brothers formed the Heath Brothers. He worked with notable musicians such as John Coltrane, Stanley Cowell, Benny Golson, Specs Wright, Cal Massey, Johnny Coles, Ray Bryant, Nelson Boyd, Miles Davis, Kenny Dorham, Gil Evans, Milt Jackson, Nancy Wilson, Gerald Wilson and Art Farmer. Heath was nominated for three Grammy Awards.

Heath was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was the father of musician James Mtume.

On January 19, 2020, Heath died of natural causes in Loganville, Georgia. He was 93.

Samia Longchambon

Samia Maxine Longchambon ("née" Ghadie, previously Smith; born 13 July 1982) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Maria Connor in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2000–present).

Samia Ghadie was born in Eccles, Greater Manchester to Joseph, a French-Lebanese shop owner and Patsy, an English actress whom he met whilst working in Abu Dhabi. Samia lived there for a period as a child. She has a brother named Tariq.

Albert Heath

Albert "Tootie" Heath (born May 31, 1935) is an American jazz hard bop drummer. He is the brother of saxophonist Jimmy Heath and the bassist Percy Heath. In 1975, the brothers formed the Heath Brothers. He notably worked with musicians such as John Coltrane, J. J. Johnson, Wes Montgomery, Art Farmer and Benny Golson's Jazztet, Cedar Walton, Bobby Timmons, Kenny Drew, Sonny Rollins, Dexter Gordon, Johnny Griffin, Herbie Hancock, Friedrich Gulda, Nina Simone and Yusef Lateef.

Heath was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Loganville, Georgia

Loganville is a city in Walton and Gwinnett counties, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 14,127.

East is East

East is East is a 1994 British comedy-drama movie produced by Sky Cinema. It is directed by Damien O'Donnell. It stars Om Puri, Linda Bassett, Jimi Mistry, Jordan Routledge and more.

Minié ball

The Minié ball, or Minni ball, is a type of muzzle-loading spin-stabilized bullet for rifled muskets named after its developer, Claude-Étienne Minié, inventor of the French Minié rifle. It came to prominence in the Crimean War and American Civil War.

Rifling, the addition of spiral grooves inside a gun barrel, givesa spin to a bullet, greatly increasing the range and accuracy of a gun. Before the Minié ball, balls had to be jammed down the rifle barrel, sometimes with a mallet, and after a relatively small number of shots, gunpowder leftovers built up in the spiral grooves, which then had to be cleaned out. The development of the Minié ball was significant, because it was the first projectile that was small enough to be easily put down the barrel of a rifled long gun. Both the American Springfield Model 1861 and the British Pattern 1853 Enfield rifled muskets, the most common weapons used during the American Civil War, used the Minié ball.

The Minié ball did a lot if damage in the American Civil War. It made it really hard for surgeons to treat wounded soldiers because Minié balls shattered bones often.

Rhona and Rhoda Wurtele

Grace Rhona Wurtele Gillis (January 21, 1922 – January 17, 2020) and Isabella Rhoda Wurtele Eaves (born January 21, 1922) were Canadian skiers. They were identical twin sisters. The pair were active in the 1940s and 1950s. The duo won many North American skiing competitions. Together they made up the entire 1948 Winter Olympics women's alpine team for Canada. Rhoda also competed at the 1952 Winter Olympics. The Wurteles were born in Saint-Lambert, Quebec.


Weekend (Polish band)

Weekend is a Polish band. They have made disco polo music and dance music.


Globe Town

Globe Town is an area southeast of Bethnal Green in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom. Known for its poverty, deprivation and gang subculture.

Globe Town can be described as being east of the rest of Bethnal Green.

John Mackey

John Mackey (born October 1, 1973) is an American composer. He writes for wind ensemble most of the time. He used to write for dance companies. He studied at Cleveland Institute of Music first and then Juillard. Mackey currently lives in San Francisco, California.

Ludovico Einaudi

Ludovico Maria Enrico Einaudi (born 23 November 1955) is an Italian pianist and composer. He has made several original albums of piano music and has made the soundtracks for several films, including "This is England", "The Father" and "Nomadland". He now lives in Milan, Italy.

Crossroads (British TV series)

Crossroads (later known as Crossroads Motel) is a British television soap opera. It was shown on ITV. It began in 1964 and finished in 1988. There was a revival from 2001 to 2003.

"Crossroads" was set in a fictional motel in the Midlands. "Crossroads" was later called a hotel. The show became a byword for cheap production values. Despite this, the series regularly attracted huge audiences. It had as many as 15 million viewers.

It was created by Hazel Adair and Peter Ling and produced by ATV. In 1981, Central Independent Television took over ATV's broadcast licence and continued the programme until it was cancelled in 1988. In 2001, the series was revived by Carlton Television. It was cancelled again in 2003.

The original idea of "Crossroads" was based around two feuding sisters, Kitty Jarvis, played by Beryl Johnstone, and Meg Richardson, played by Noele Gordon. Meg is a wealthy woman. She had her late husband Charles' insurance money, and compensation money from the council. The compensation was for them building a motorway through her land. Meg used her money to turn her large Georgian house into a motel.

"The Crossroads Motel" was located near the fictional small village of King's Oak. This was on the edge of Birmingham. Meg had two children. A girl named Jill, played by Jane Rossington), born in 1946, and a boy Alexander, born in 1950. Alexander was called "Sandy" and played by Roger Tonge.

The other sister, Kitty, is married to the unemployed Dick played by Brian Kent. She is not wealthy. Dick and Kitty bought a newsagents and tobacconists shop in the nearby town of Heathbury a few years after the show started. Kitty and Dick had a son called Brian, played by David Fennell, born in 1945. The story idea of the sisters feuding was dropped early in the series.

Characters in the show's early years included Meg and Kitty's brother, Andy Fraser, played by Ian Patterson. In 1965, Andy marries motel secretary Ruth Bailey, played by Pamela Greenhall. Other characters in the first series include

Amy was briefly arrested as a suspected Soviet spy.

In 1966, long running character Diane Lawton, played by Susan Hanson arrived. Other additions included

Perhaps the most memorable character was the "village idiot" Benny Hawkins, played by Paul Henry. His trademark was a woolly hat that he wore all the time. His fans included British troops serving in the Falklands War. In 1982, they nicknamed the Falkland Islanders "Bennies" after the character. Instructed to stop using the name, the troops came up with "Stills" for locals - because they were "still Bennies".

The series had storylines which were controversial at the time. These include

The series also saw black characters appearing regularly. This followed from the 1960s BBC soap "Compact". This was also created by Hazel Adair and Peter Ling. Melanie Harper, played by Cleo Sylvestre, arrived at the motel in 1970 as Meg's foster daughter. Sylvestre was given the role by producer Reg Watson after press coverage of racial tensions in Birmingham.
In 1977, an interracial summer romance took place between Cockney garage mechanic Dennis Harper, played by Guy Ward, and motel receptionist Meena Chaudri, played by Karen David.
In 1978, garage mechanic Joe MacDonald, played by Carl Andrews, arrived.

In 1981, a storyline about a false accusation of rape.
In 1983, a storyline about a test tube baby born to Glenda and Kevin Banks, played by Lynette McMorrough and David Moran.
In 1983, the subject of Down syndrome was also raised when a little girl was befriended by three of the regular characters.

The character of Meg Mortimer was axed in 1981. She was thought to have died in a motel fire. Later she turned up alive aboard the QE2, about to sail to a new life overseas. Newspapers reported that two endings were planned for Meg. She would either die in the fire or disappear and turn up on the QE2. Viewers were surprised to see producers had used both. Meg returned briefly in 1983 for a reunion with Jill and Adam on their honeymoon in Venice.

In 1985, new producer Phillip Bowman was planning to bring the character of Meg Mortimer back into the show as a "permanent occasional." Plans were well advanced when Noele Gordon died in April of that year, aged 65. Edward Clayton was brought back as Jill's ex-husband Stan Harvey to read the lines originally written for Gordon.

In 1986, the new character Ray Grice played by Al Hunter Ashton was introduced as part of an attempt to create wider storylines. 

In 2001, the show was revived. Changes were made to characters and stories. Jill Chance had married John Maddingham, played by Jeremy Nicholas. She had been widowed and was calling herself Jill Harvey again. This had been her name before her marriage to Adam Chance in 1983. References were also made to the Russell family taking over a "failing motel", despite Crossroads having become a hotel in the late 1980s. In the final episode of the original series, the name 'King's Oak Country Hotel' was seen over the entrance doors.

Lack of real links to the past, and the killing of Jill a few months into the new run, turned many fans away. Popular characters in the new "Crossroads" included new owner Kate Russell, played by Jane Gurnett. Receptionist Virginia Raven, played by Sherrie Hewson, and womanising deputy manager Jake Booth, played by Colin Wells. The storyline of the final episode was the revelation that the revived series and glamorous hotel had been a dream of supermarket worker and Crossroads fan Angela, with all the other characters revealed as shoppers. Angela even approaches a female customer in the supermarket and tells her she recognises her as "Tracey Booth from Crossroads". Tracey's mother-in-law, Kate, was also shown as one of Angela's colleagues in the supermarket.


"Crossroads" began its run on Monday 2 November 1964. It was shown five days a week. The episodes were recorded "as live", a common practice at the time, with few opportunities for retakes. Within a few months, 10 of the ITV companies had started broadcasting the series. Granada never screened it during the 1960s. The Independent Television Authority (ITA) decreed in 1967 that "Crossroads" should be reduced to four episodes per week to improve its quality.
The series was no longer networked and each ITV station broadcast the show on different days.

The series was widely derided by critics who criticised the wobbly sets and fluffed lines, but gained many fans. Prime Minister Harold Wilson's wife Mary complained when the newly formed Thames Television decided to stop showing it in 1968. The decision proved unpopular with viewers and was reversed six months later. As a result of the gap in transmission, viewers in the Thames region were six months behind the rest of the country for several years. In 1972, Granada became the last ITV company to show "Crossroads". By the early 1970s it was second only to "Coronation Street" in the ratings. In the mid-1970s it beat "Coronation Street" gaining audiences of up to 15 million viewers.

From April 1980, the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA), commercial television's regulator, decided production should be reduced further to three episodes a week. The chairman of the IBA Lady Plowden described the soap opera as "distressingly popular".
ATV planned to replace the fourth episode with a spin-off series called "A Family Affair" but this idea was dropped. Series star Noele Gordon, who played Meg Richardson, regularly won the "TV Times" Most Popular Female Personality viewers award during the 1970s.

Viewers reacted negatively at the dismissal of Gordon in 1981, an action taken by head of programming Charles Denton. He became a "national hate figure".
The series producer Jack Barton agreed with Denton that Gordon's character had become too dominant.

Why Gordon was sacked remains a mystery to TV historians as she was the most popular character on the soap and no real reason was given other than that producers felt it was time for a change. The actress herself was terribly upset by the decision. She was the only cast member on a permanent contract. She had been misled that the meeting where she was dismissed was to be the annual negotiation for the next years contract. In interviews she made it clear that she did not want to go. There is debate about the reason for her dismissal. Some people have said that Gordon's attitude within the company had upset some executives and they simply wanted rid of her. Gordon was very passionate about the soap and would regularly defend it against the many critics. Others believe that ITV found Crossroads an embarrassment and wanted to find a way of decreasing the viewing figures by sacking Gordon. She was the biggest audience draw. With fewer viewers it could be justified to axe it. Whatever the reason, the series never recovered from her loss.

ATV lost its ITV franchise at the end of 1981. It was ordered by the IBA to reform into Central Independent Television. It took over the franchise on 1 January 1982. It was thought to have little enthusiasm for the programmes it inherited.
Further changes were introduced in March 1985, when new filming locations, sets and characters were introduced. Many storylines were about the new motel owner, Nicola Freeman, played by Gabrielle Drake. Long-term characters, such as David and Barbara Hunter, were axed. The theme tune was updated and the opening titles replaced with a longer version. Finally, the show was renamed "Crossroads Motel" with the word "Motel" added in the opening titles. The closing titles, which had scrolled in multiple 'crossroad' directions since the start, were replaced with conventional scrolling credits.

In 1986, a new producer, William Smethurst, took over the series following the sacking of his predecessor, Philip Bowman. Smethurst had been brought in by Central Television's new head of drama, Ted Childs. He ordered changes, creating a wittier serial and improving the production values of the show. Smethurst shifted the story to the nearby village of King's Oak. Yet more long-running characters, such as Diane Hunter and Benny Hawkins, were dropped. This was unpopular with viewers, who telephoned Central in protest.

Further changes included the series being renamed "Crossroads Kings Oak" for a time, with the intention in the future of shortening this to "King's Oak". This final change was overtaken by the decision in June 1987 by Andy Allen, Central's director of programmes, to axe the series. The familiar theme tune was replaced in September 1987 by a new theme composed by Max Early and Raf Ravenscroft. New titles were introduced to accompany the new theme, which featured stills of King's Oak and the new King's Oak Country Hotel. Michele Buck guided the show through its final few months on air as series producer, with William Smethurst still on hand as executive producer.

In January 1988, the series was reduced to only two episodes a week, with "Crossroads King's Oak" finally coming to an end on 4 April 1988 (the Easter bank holiday). The last, extended episode saw the character of Jill (Jane Rossington) riding off with her lover, John Maddingham (Jeremy Nicholas). Asked what name she would give the hotel she would be running in her new life, the character remarked, a little sadly, "I always thought Crossroads was an awfully good name".

In 1994, Carlton Television bought Central Television.
In April 2000, Carlton announced that they would be reviving "Crossroads" for the daytime slot on ITV. The first episode was shown on 5 March 2001. The revived series was sponsored by washing detergent Surf and was broadcast each weekday at 1.30pm and 5.05pm on ITV, with a Sunday omnibus on ITV2. The revived series was also broadcast in Ireland on RTÉ One and in New Zealand on TV One.

