Four characters from the original series returned: Doris Luke (Kathy Staff), Jill Harvey (née Richardson), Jill's ex-husband Adam Chance (Tony Adams), and Jill's daughter Sarah-Jane Harvey (Joanne Farrell/Holly Newman). Initial reactions were favourable. However, changes in the story from the original puzzled fans and did not help ratings. Kathy Staff left in dismay at the amount of sex. She told ITV Teletext she felt it was no longer the family-friendly show she had originally been part of.

The story where original character Adam Chance murders ex-wife Jill Harvey three months into the new series' was unpopular with fans. Jane Rossington said she did not want to commit herself to another long run in the show, but warned Carlton it would be suicidal to kill Jill.
Episode 137 of the second revived series remains the only episode never to be shown in full on ITV. The lunchtime screening on Tuesday 11 September 2001 began at 14:10 BST. At the halfway commercial-break point however, the programme was interrupted to hand over to ITV News for then very sketchy details of the 9/11 attacks in New York City, USA. As the afternoon went on and the seriousness of the situation became clear, all ITV Network daytime programmes, starting with CITV transmissions at 15:15, were relegated to ITV2 to continue rolling news coverage. The semi-dropped episode was therefore transmitted in full on ITV2 at 17:30 BST. However, at the time, the channel was only available to a small number of viewers able to view the subscription-based ITV Digital, Telewest or NTL. As a result, the episode remains unseen by most of the programme's regular fanbase, including the entire Channel Islands who could not receive ITV Digital. A short re-cap of events in Episode 137 was screened before both the 14:10 and 17:05 showings of Episode 138 on 12 September 2001. The episode was included in the Omnibus edition that Sunday. This also only was shown on ITV2.

The series was reduced to four episodes a week from November 2001 until January 2002.

The series paused in August 2002. In January 2003, a changed series, under producer Yvon Grace, reappeared. It seemed to be a self-consciously camp parody, with Jane Asher playing a new central character - the glamorous and bitchy Angel Samson. The series also had appearances from Kate O'Mara, and people associated with light entertainment, such as Lionel Blair, Les Dennis and Tim Brooke-Taylor. The revived series also launched the careers of Freema Agyeman ("Doctor Who", ""), Luke Roberts ("Holby City" and "Mile High"), Lucy Pargeter, Shauna Shim and Jessica Fox.

Yvon Grace admitted she was aiming the new "Crossroads" towards the LGBT TV audience.
Plans were in place to bring Adam Chance back on a three-month contract in a last attempt to bring in more viewers; actor Tony Adams said that a down-on-his luck Adam would have been taken under Angel's wing as her personal assistant.

With ratings continuing to decline, the revived series was axed in March 2003. The final episode was shown on Friday 30 May 2003.

The 2003 series was criticised by fans who felt the series had moved away from the 1964-88 series and the 2001-02 series, as well as being "too gay".

The "Crossroads" theme tune was composed by Tony Hatch. In 2004 Hatch said:

A selection of cues were recorded, including "Meg's Theme" which eventually became the standard opening theme, "Kitty's Theme" which was phased out as action focussed on the motel, the closing theme which combined both "Meg's" and "Kitty's" themes, and a variety of background pieces.

A rerecording by The Tony Hatch Sound was issued as a single by Pye Records in 1965. A special arrangement of the theme by Paul McCartney and Wings, was also used from the late seventies, usually when an episode ended with a dramatic event. Central Independent Television's head of music Johnny Patrick rearranged the tune in 1985 for piano and synthesiser, upon the show's relaunch as "Crossroads Motel" by producer Philip Bowman. Following William Smethurst's arrival as producer in 1987, this recording was overdubbed with added synthesisers.

An entirely new theme aired in late 1987 when the series was relaunched as "Crossroads, Kings Oak", composed by Johnny Patrick, with Raf Ravenscroft and Max Early, with the CBSO. This later formed the basis of the single released by actress Shona Linsdey, "Goodbye", to commemorate the end of the show in 1988.

The 2001 revival brought back the original Tony Hatch theme, this time arranged and performed by TV theme composer Tony Flynn. Another version, in 2003, was arranged by Patrick Dineen and performed by the Liverpool Philharmonic.

The fictional Crossroads Motel was in a fictional village near Birmingham called Kings Oak. There are real suburbs in south-west Birmingham called Kings Heath, Kings Norton and Selly Oak). A number of real-life hotels doubled for location filming. The 1982 "Crossroads Special" said that the Longshoot Motel in Nuneaton) was used in designing the motel. It is likely that some scenes were filmed there.
In 1970, the series gained an O.B unit, giving it the freedom to do location shooting. Originally, Tanworth-in-Arden was used for King's Oak. Outside scenes were only occasionally used. From 1981 more location filming was used. Some early King's Oak location material was also filmed in Wolverhampton.

The most famous location, seen in the programme during the 1960s and 1970s, was not a motel. It was the Shropshire Agricultural Institution, now called North Shropshire College. In October 2019 two of the buildings used during filming, a teaching block and Bridden accommodation block were demolished.

It has been suggested that "Crossroads" was filmed at a 1960s motel on Stratford Road in Alcester Warwickshire. It was called CherryTrees. The buildings were demolished in 2001. A nearby petrol station, since closed, was used in the early 1980s to film a couple of outdoor scenes of the Crossroads garage.

In 1982, the fictional motel was destroyed by fire. The revamped motel was filmed at the Golden Valley Hotel (now Jurys Inn) in Cheltenham.

From 1985 filming moved to the Penns Hall Hotel (now Ramada Jarvis Birmingham) in Sutton Coldfield. The changed appearance was explained as being due to rebuilding. New studio sets were also introduced.

Other locations included the canal (including Gas Street Basin) behind the studios in Birmingham. in the story this was the King's Oak Canal, on which Vera had a barge. The Chateau Impney Hotel, called the Droitwich Hotel in the story, was also used. In 1983, St Laurence's Church in Alvechurch was the setting for Jill and Adam Chance's wedding. Hagley Hall was used for the wedding reception. Helios Health Club in Brierley Hill was used as the location for the Motel Health Club. It was filmed on Mondays when the health club was closed.

In 1985, "Crossroads" gained its first set of full length opening titles, filmed around Sutton Coldfield, Tanworth-in-Arden and in Birmingham city centre.

The revived "Crossroads" from 2001 was still set in the West Midlands. Exterior shots were filmed at locations in and around Nottingham, such as Bingham and Redmile.

The original series was recorded at ATV's/Central's Broad Street studios in Birmingham, while the revived series was filmed at Carlton Studios in Nottingham.

Despite the popularity of "Crossroads" with the viewing public, the show was often criticised by TV reviewers and ridiculed by British comedians. Television historian Hilary Kingsley stated that "Crossroads" never failed "to provide its critics with ammunition. Some of the acting would have disgraced the humblest of village halls; many of the plots were so farcical they could have been written in a bad dream, and much of the dialogue was pathetic." "The Guinness Book of Classic British TV" noted that ""Crossroads" was the series that no-one seemed to love. Yet at its peak, it was watched by more viewers than any other soap except "Coronation Street"."

The revived series also received mixed reviews from critics.

Spoof soap opera "Acorn Antiques", created by comedian Victoria Wood as part of "Victoria Wood As Seen On TV", is a deliberate parody of "Crossroads". The final episode of "As Seen on TV" in 1987 features a hoax documentary, 'The Making of Acorn Antiques', in which the actress playing Mrs Overall (Julie Walters) - a character based on "Crossroads" characters Amy Turtle and Mavis Hooper - is revealed as a rather grand character who considers herself a huge star. This portrayal, plus a later pretend news item in which it is revealed she has been sacked from the show, both suggest the actress character (later given the name Bo Beaumont in the musical based on the sketches) is based on Noele Gordon, with Bo making her 'goodbye' appearance to the press in headscarf and large sunglasses and making a dramatic speech, just as Gordon did.

In 2005, Network DVD issued four volumes of the series on DVD (UK Region 2). Each volume has 12 of the original ATV episodes. The first volume includes Meg's 1975 wedding, the highest rated episode.

In February 2007, "Crossroads Volume 3" was released. There are two versions of the DVD, one being a special limited edition, which contains an extra third disc - featuring recently found episodes from 1976.

In September 2007, "Crossroads Volume 4" was released.

In 2008, Network DVD started to release all the surviving episodes in transmission order through its website. The first set of 16 episodes was released in January 2008 and contained some episodes not available on earlier DVD releases.
There are 1,700 episodes of "Crossroads" in existence; most of these are from Central Television's run of the show from 1982 to 1988.

A black and white "Crossroads Archive Volume 1.1" has also been released, containing the episode from April 1965, along with 2 further episodes, numbered 1884 and 1886 from March 1973. These were both originally made in colour but now survive only as black and white telerecordings.

On 2 November 2009, to coincide with the show's 45th anniversary, Network DVD re-released 21 volumes in a 41-disc box-set. Susan Hanson, who played Diane Hunter, appeared on "The Alan Titchmarsh Show" and "Loose Women" on 6 and 13 November 2009 respectively, to promote the box-set.

From 1996 until 2001, episodes of the original series were repeated on UKTV channel "UK Gold".

From February to September 2015, the original series aired on Big Centre TV on Freeview channel 8 in the Midlands or available online live at 9.00pm each evening Monday to Saturday, which could also be watched free on their catchup service.

"Crossroads" was adapted into a weekly comic strip in 1972 by Dutch comics artist Alfred Mazure, published in TVTimes.


List of Crossroads characters

The British television soap opera "Crossroads" had its original run from 1964 to 1988. The only character in all twenty-four years was Jill Richardson, played by Jane Rossington.

The Brian May Band

The Brian May Band was an English-American rock band formed by Queen guitarist Brian May. The band was originally formed in October 1991 for May's performance at Guitar Legends guitar festival in Seville, Spain. They toured with May to promote some of his studio albums.

The rhythm section for the band was Cozy Powell and Neil Murray, who had already worked together in Black Sabbath and Whitesnake. Spike Edney, who was the tour keyboardist for Queen between 1984 and 1986 took the keyboard spot.

The band soon went on a tour of the United States, Europe and Japan. The tour ended in December 1993, when May returned to the studio with fellow Queen band mates Roger Taylor and John Deacon for Queen's final studio album, "Made In Heaven". Meanwhile, Cozy Powell and Neil Murray returned to work with Black Sabbath, and both later joined Peter Green's Band.

The band reunited in 1998 to promote Brian May's "Another World" album. Eric Singer, of later KISS fame, was brought as the last minute replacement for Cozy Powell, who had died in a car accident earlier that year.

In 2005, both Jamie Moses and Spike Edney joined the Queen + Paul Rodgers collaboration on their worldwide tour.

Their only release was the live album, "Live at the Brixton Academy" in 1993.

Paola Santana

Paola Santana is a Dominican entrepreneur and lawyer. She is a member of the faculty at Singularity University. She is best known for creating the first constitutional court in the Dominican Republic. She also founded the drone based logistics company, Matternet . It was the first drone delivery platform allowed for permanent operations in any city. Santana has also founded Social Glass, a software product for the government system.

Santana got her Bachelor's degree in Law from the Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra in 2009. She enrolled at Ecole nationale d'administration for a Master of Public Administration and thereafter completed a program in the Foundations of American Law and Legal Education from the Georgetown University. In 2012, she completed an LLM from The George Washington University and also enrolled for a program in Policy, Law and Ethics of Exponential Technologies from Singularity University.

In 2011, Santana was appointed as the Chief of Staff and Strategic Technical Advisor at Tribunal Constitucional de la República Dominicana, where she co-led to establish the first constitutional court in the Dominican Republic. She has worked as a legal consultant at The Organisation for Economic Co-operation & Development (OECD) and The World Bank. Santana co-founded Matternet, a drone delivery platform which received an FAA regulatory waiver to operate in the United States.

Santana has also worked with NASA to work on the UAS Traffic Management Software System for low-altitude airspace operations under Matternet’s partnership program. Since then she has co-led several advisory committees for drone including the Federal Drone Advisory Committee, Unmanned Aircraft Systems Advisory Group and F38 Subcommittee on Markings for Small UAS. Santana also co-drafted the public-private partnership for Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, to enable a multi-state Hyperloop system in the United States. In 2017, she founded a software company, Social Glass that builds an artificial intelligence based software to help the government with automation of processes and help in the decision making.


Andrew Whyment

Andrew "Andy" Whyment (born 2 April 1981) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the roles of Darren Sinclair-Jones in the BBC sitcom "The Royle Family" (1999–2000), and Kirk Sutherland in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2000–present).

Gross indecency

Gross indecency is a legal term used in some English-speaking countries. It was first used to criminalize sexual acts between men, in 1855. Oscar Wilde was charged with gross indecency, in 1895. Alan Turing also pleaded guilty to the charge of gross indecency. If two men either have oral or anal sex, this is called sodomy. It is punished differently, in places where it is a crime.

Realism theory

Realism theory is a way of thinking about politics and world history, that focuses on being realistic. It is one of the main styles of international relations theory. It gives the theoretic background to Realpolitik statesmanship of early modern Europe. According to Realism, world politics is always and necessarily a field of conflict among actors who want power. The theories of realism are contrasted by the cooperative ideals of liberalism.

Depending on what they see as the cause of the conflict between states, realists can be divided into three classes: Classical realists believe it follows from human nature; neorealists attribute it to the dynamics of the anarchic state system; neoclassical realists believe it results from both, in combination with domestic politics. Neorealists are also divided between defensive and offensive realism. Realists trace the history of their ideas back through classical antiquity, beginning with Thucydides.

Jonathan Haslam defines realism as "a spectrum of ideas." Its theories revolve around four main rules:


Realism is often associated with Realpolitik, as both deal with the pursuit, possession, and application of power. Realpolitik, however, is an older prescriptive guideline limited to policy-making, while realism is a wider theoretical and methodological paradigm to describe, explain, and predict events in international relations. As an academic pursuit, realism is not tied to ideology; it does not favor any particular moral philosophy, nor does it consider ideology to be a major factor in the behavior of nations. Priorities of realists have been described as Machiavellian, single-mindedly seeking the power of one's own nation over others.

Loris Zanatta

Loris Zanatta (born 19 September 1962) is Professor of Latin American History at the University of Bologna (Italy).

He is author of several books and articles, published in Europe and Latin America, and commentator on Latin America in various media.

Zanatta was featured in the 2018 documentary "El pueblo soy yo".



Blagovest Sendov

Blagovest Hristov Sendov (; 8 February 1932 – 19 January 2020) was a Bulgarian diplomat, mathematician and politician. He served as the chairperson of the National Assembly from 1995 to 1997. He was also the National Assembly's deputy chairperson from 1997 to 2002. He was the Bulgarian ambassador to Japan from 2004 to 2009. He was born in Asenovgrad.

On 19 January 2020, Sendov died at the age of 87.

Claudio Roditi

Cláudio Roditi (28 May 1946 – 17 January 2020) was a Brazilian jazz trumpeter. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. In 1976, he moved to New York City. Roditi was a member of Dizzy Gillespie's United Nations Orchestra. He also notably worked with Herbie Mann, Charlie Rouse and Paquito D'Rivera. He was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 1995 and 2010.

On 17 January 2020, Roditi died of prostate cancer in South Orange, New Jersey. He was 73.

Jaroslav Kubera

Jaroslav Kubera (16 February 1947 – 20 January 2020) was a Czech politician. He was a member of the Civic Democratic Party (ODS). At the time of his death, he was the President of the Senate since November 2018. He was Senator from Teplice from 2000 until his death in 2020. He served as mayor of Teplice from 1994 to 2018.

Kubera was born in Louny. He had a small role as Edvard Beneš in historical drama movie "Toman", directed by Ondřej Trojan.

Kubera died on 20 January 2020 in Ústí nad Labem. He was 72.

ZAPiT Games

ZAPiT Games, Inc. was a company from Mississauga, Canada. It started in 2003 to make a home video game console for families. To do that, they worked with companies such as National Semiconductor, Panasonic and Altera to make the Game Wave Family Entertainment System.

ZAPiT Games also makes games for the BlackBerry and iPhone.

The Game Wave Family Entertainment System is a hybrid DVD player and video game console. That means it can play both DVDs and video games. It first came out in October 2005 during the seventh generation of video game consoles. The games for the system are trivia games, video game versions of traditional board or card games.

Lech Raczak

Lech Raczak (27 January 1946 – 17 January 2020) was a Polish theatre director. He was born in Krzyżanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship, lived in Poznań. He was one of the founders of the Theatre of the Eighth Day. From 1995 to 1998, Raczak was an artistic director of the Polish Theatre in Poznań. He also worked for Malta Festival as an artistic director between 1993 and 2012. He was a professor at University of Arts in Poznań from 2003.

Raczak died of a heart attack on 17 January 2020 at the age of 73.

Lucy Fallon

Lucy Fallon (born 13 November 1995) is an English actress from Cleveleys, Lancashire. She found popular success playing Bethany Platt in the ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street" from 2015 to 2020. The role has earned her widespread recognition and several accolades, including two British Soap Awards, an "Inside Soap" Award, and a National Television Award. Fallon was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, England.

Sam Robertson

Samuel Robertson (born 11 October 1985) is a Scottish actor and model. He is best known for his roles as Adam Barlow in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" and Flynn in the E4 comedy-drama series "Beaver Falls". Robertson studied Drama and English at the University of Manchester, but dropped out at 18 to focus on his role of Adam Barlow in "Coronation Street". In 2005 and 2006, he took part in the second to myers the third series of Sky1's "The Match".

Jennie McAlpine

Jennie Elizabeth McAlpine (born 12 February 1984 in Bury, Greater Manchester, England) is a British television actress, comedian and businesswoman. She is best known for her role as Fiz Brown in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". She also took part in season 17 of the British ITV television reality show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" during 2017, she came in fourth place.

Camagüey

Camagüey is a city and municipality in central Cuba. It is the country's third largest city and capital of the Camagüey Province. It has more than 321,000 inhabitants.

DirectX Raytracing

DirectX Raytracing (DXR) is a feature of Microsoft's DirectX that can do raytracing in real-time. It is a big development in computer graphics. It was first made to use Nvidia's Volta platform. Some of the first products for consumers that use DXR include the Nvidia GeForce 20 series of GPUs, which was announced in 2018. DXR came out as an extension to DirectX 12 instead of a new version of DirectX.

The Windows 10 October 2018 update includes the public release of DirectX Raytracing.

DXR adds 4 main elements to the DirectX 12 API:


Johann Heinrich Tischbein

Johann Heinrich Tischbein, the younger (28 November 1742 – 22 December 1808) was a German painter and engraver, from the Tischbein family of artists.

Lou Diamond Phillips

Louis Diamond Phillips (né Upchurch; born February 17, 1962) is a Filipino-American actor and movie director. He is known for his role as Ritchie Valens in the biographical drama movie "La Bamba" (1987).

William Bogert

William "Bill" Bogert (January 24, 1936 – January 12, 2020) was an American character actor. He was best known for his role as Brandon Brindle on the TV series "Small Wonder" from 1985 to 1989. He also played Kent Wallace, the host of "Chappelle's Show"s "Frontline" spoofs. 

Bogert died in New York City on January 12, 2020. He was 83 years old.

Urs Egger

Urs Egger (1955 – January 19, 2020) was a Swiss movie and television director and journalist. From 1974 to 1997, he worked for the Swiss "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" and the Australian "Cinema Papers" as a correspondent. His best known movies were "Kinder der Landstrasse" (1992) and "Opernball" (1998).

Egger died on January 19, 2020 at the age of 66.

Danny Talbott

Joseph Daniel Talbott (November 1, 1944 – January 19, 2020) was an American football, baseball, and basketball player. He quarterbacked two seasons of football at UNC-Chapel Hill. He was named the ACC Player of the Year in 1966. 

He was drafted 17th overall by the San Francisco 49ers before backing up quarterback Sonny Jurgensen for the Washington Redskins under Vince Lombardi. He also played baseball professionally in the Baltimore Orioles's minor league system.

Talbott was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. He died on January 19, 2020 in Rocky Mount of cancer-related problems at the age of 75.

Sam Anderson

Sam Anderson (born May 13, 1945) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Sam Gorpley on "Perfect Strangers", as dentist Bernard Nadler on "Lost", and as Holland Manners on "Angel".

Wahpeton, North Dakota

Wahpeton ( ) is a city in Richland County, in southeastern North Dakota, United States. It is on the Bois de Sioux River. Wahpeton is the county seat of Richland County. The population was 8,007 at the 2020 Census.

Bois de Sioux River

The Bois de Sioux River drains Lake Traverse, the southernmost body of water in the Hudson Bay watershed of North America. It is a tributary of the Red River of the North. It makes up part of the western border of the U.S. state of Minnesota, and the eastern borders of North Dakota and South Dakota. It is about 41 miles (66 km) in length. The Dakota name for this River is Caninkpa Wakpa ( can = wood; inkpa = point; wakpa = river) named because it is the point or beginning of the woods all the way to Hudson Bay.[2] Where the Waters Gather and the Rivers Meet. By Paul C. Durand, Privately published, 1994 ISBN 0-9641469-0-8.

Rosanna DeSoto

Rosanna DeSoto (born September 2, 1950) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles in "Stand and Deliver", for which she won an Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female, and in "" as Azetbur.

Bombshell (2019 movie)

Bombshell is a 2019 American biographical drama movie directed by Jay Roach and written by Charles Randolph. The movie stars Charlize Theron, Nicole Kidman, and Margot Robbie. It is based on the stories of many women at Fox News who set out to expose CEO Roger Ailes for sexual harassment. Actors John Lithgow, Kate McKinnon, Connie Britton, Malcolm McDowell, and Allison Janney appear in supporting roles.

"Bombshell" received generally favorable reviews.

La Bamba (movie)

La Bamba is a 1987 American biographical movie written and directed by Luis Valdez. It is about the life and career of Chicano rock 'n' roll star Ritchie Valens. The movie stars Lou Diamond Phillips as Valens, Esai Morales, Rosanna DeSoto, Elizabeth Peña, Danielle von Zerneck, and Joe Pantoliano. 

It was released on July 24, 1987 to positive reviews. In 2017, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Esai Morales

Esai Manuel Morales Jr. (born October 1, 1962) is an American actor. He played Bob Morales in the 1987 biopic "La Bamba". He also appeared in the PBS drama "American Family" and in the Showtime series "Resurrection Blvd." 

He is best known for his roles as Lt. Tony Rodriguez on "NYPD Blue," Joseph Adama in the science fiction television series "Caprica," and Camino del Rio in the Netflix original series "Ozark".

Pramila Jayapal

Pramila Jayapal (; born September 21, 1965) is an American politician and activist. She is the U.S. Representative (D-WA) from since 2017. She is a member of the Democratic Party, and the first Indian-American woman to serve in the House of Representatives. She is the author of "Use the Power You Have: A Brown Woman's Guide to Politics and Political Change""." She wrote many bills. 

Joe Pantoliano

Joseph Peter Pantoliano (born September 12, 1951) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Risky Business", "The Goonies", "La Bamba" and "Midnight Run". He has also played Captain Conrad Howard in the "Bad Boys" trilogy and Ralph Cifaretto during seasons 3 and 4 of "The Sopranos". 

Hudson County, New Jersey

Hudson County, a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is west of the lower Hudson River, which was named for Henry Hudson. The county seat is Jersey City.

As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 724,854.

Danielle von Zerneck

Danielle von Zerneck (born December 21, 1965) is an American actress and movie producer. She is best known for her role of Donna Ludwig, Ritchie Valens' girlfriend in the movie "La Bamba" (1987).

Egil Krogh

Egil "Bud" Krogh Jr. (August 3, 1939 – January 18, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was born in Chicago, but raised in Seattle. During the Richard Nixon presidency, he was the United States Under Secretary of Transportation from February 1973 through May 1973. 

Krogh was a key figure of the Watergate scandal as he was the person who approved the break-ins of the Watergate complex.

Krogh died on January 18, 2020 at a Washington, D.C. hospital from heart failure at the age of 80.

The Day the Music Died

On February 3, 1959, American rock and roll musicians Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and "The Big Bopper" J. P. Richardson were killed in a plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa, together with pilot Roger Peterson.

The event later became known as "The Day the Music Died", after singer-songwriter Don McLean coined the phrase in his 1971 song "American Pie".

On the night before their deaths, Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and Jiles Perry "J.P" Richardson jr. a.k.a The Big Bopper had played one of their gigs for the 24 city Winter Dance Party Tour. They were aboard a tour bus when the heating system broke down, so all the musicians had to board a Beechcraft Bonanza 35 plane to get to the next gig in Moorhead, Minnesota. Pilot Roger Peterson lost control of the plane around 1:00 am. The plane crashed into a cornfield, ejecting Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, The Big Bopper, and the pilot, who all died upon impact. 


Ricky Ponting

Ricky Thomas Ponting (born 19 December 1974) is an Australian cricket coach, commentator and former cricketer. He is widely thought of as as one of the greatest batsmen of all time. 

Ponting captained his country between 2004 and 2011 in Tests and 2002 and 2011 in One Day Internationals (ODIs). With the Australian national team, he has won the World Cup three times, the ICC Champions Trophy twice and the Ashes once. He appeared in 168 Tests for Australia between 1995 and 2012. His first Test was against Sri Lanka and his last was against South Africa. He also played for Tasmania from 1992 to 2013.

Ponting has been assistant coach of the Australia national cricket team since February 2019.

Ponting was born in Launceston, Tasmania. He is married to Rianna Cantor. The couple have three children.

Dr. Hannibal

Steve Gillespie (July 22, 1963 – January 18, 2020), better known under the ring name Dr. Hannibal, was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was born in Calgary, Alberta. He wrestled from 1987 until his retirement in 2013. He worked in promotions such as Stampede Wrestling, Canadian Rocky Mountain Wrestling, Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).

On January 18, 2020, Gillespie was found dead in his car in Calgary. He was 56.

Robert Parker (singer)

Robert Parker (October 14, 1930 – January 19, 2020) was an American R&B singer and musician. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is best known for his 1966 hit "Barefootin'". It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA. The song reached #2 on the U.S. Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles chart and #7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The single also charted in the United Kingdom.

On January 19, 2020, Parker died of natural causes in Roseland, Louisiana. He was 89.

Mario Bergamaschi

Mario Bergamaschi (7 January 1929 – 18 January 2020) was an Italian footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Bergamaschi was born in Crema, Lombardy. He played for 14 seasons in Serie A for Como (1950–1953), Milan (1953–1958) and Sampdoria (1958–1964). He also played for the Italy national team, playing his first game against Argentina in 1954.

Bergamaschi died on 18 January 2020 in Crema. He was 91.


Roseland, Louisiana

Roseland is a town in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 880 at the 2020 census.

Joseph Hannesschläger

Joseph Hannesschläger (2 June 1962 – 20 January 2020) was a German actor and musician. He was born in Munich. He played the main role of Chief of Police Korbinian Hofer in "Die Rosenheim-Cops" from 2002 to 2019.

In October 2019, Hannesschläger was diagnosed with neuroendocrine cancer. He died from the disease in Munich on 20 January 2020 at the age of 57. 

Ismat Ara Sadique

Ismat Ara Sadique (12 December 1942 – 21 January 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. She was the Minister of Ministry of Public Administration from 2014 to 2018. She was a member of Jatiya Sangsad from 2014 until 2020. She was a member of the Awami League.

Sadique died on 21 January 2020 in Dhaka at the age of 77.

Percy Heath

Percy Heath (April 30, 1923 – April 28, 2005) was an American jazz bassist. He was the brother of saxophonist Jimmy Heath and drummer Albert Heath, with whom he formed the Heath Brothers in 1975. 

Heath played with the Modern Jazz Quartet throughout their long history and also worked with Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, Charlie Parker, Wes Montgomery, and Thelonious Monk.


Kenny Burrell

Kenneth Earl Burrell (born July 31, 1931) is an American jazz guitarist. He is known for his work on the Blue Note label. His works with Jimmy Smith produced the 1965 "Billboard" Top Twenty hit album "Organ Grinder Swing". 

Jimi Hendrix has said Burrell as an inspiration.

Burrell is a professor and Director of Jazz Studies at the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music.

Curtis Fuller

Curtis DuBois Fuller (December 15, 1934 – May 8, 2021) was an American jazz trombonist. He was known as a member of Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers and worked with many classic jazz recordings.

Fuller was a faculty member of the New York State Summer School of the Arts (NYSSSA) School of Jazz Studies (SJS).

Fuller died on May 8, 2021 in New York City at the age of 86.


Benny Golson

Benny Golson (born January 25, 1929) is an American bebop/hard bop jazz tenor saxophonist, composer, and arranger. He was a member of Lionel Hampton and Dizzy Gillespie led bands. Golson is known for co-founding and co-leading The Jazztet with trumpeter Art Farmer in 1959. His best known song is "I Remember Clifford".

Aloïse Moudileno Massengo

Aloïse Moudileno Massengo (11 March 1933 – 6 January 2020) was a Congolese politician and lawyer. He served as Vice President of the Republic of the Congo from 1971 to 1972. He has been called the first Congolese lawyer. He was born in Vindza District.

Moudileno Massengo died on 6 January 2020 in the French city of Nancy. He was 86.

David Olney

David Charles Olney (March 23, 1948 – January 18, 2020) was an American folk singer-songwriter. He was born in Providence, Rhode Island. Olney performed as a solo singer-songwriter, and released more than 20 albums over forty years. He worked with artists such as John Hadley and Sergio Webb. 

His songs were covered by and co-written with Emmylou Harris, Steve Earle, Linda Ronstadt, Steve Young, Del McCoury, and Laurie Lewis, among others.

Olney died of a heart attack during a performance onstage at the 30A Songwriter Festival in Santa Rosa Beach, Florida, on January 18, 2020, at age 71. 


Del McCoury

Delano Floyd "Del" McCoury (born February 1, 1939) is an American bluegrass musician and singer. He was leader of the Del McCoury Band. He plays guitar and sings lead vocals along with his two sons, Ronnie McCoury and Rob McCoury.

In June 2010, he received a National Heritage Fellowship lifetime achievement award from the National Endowment for the Arts and in 2011 he was elected into the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame.

York County, Pennsylvania

York County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 456,438. Its county seat is York. 

Lancaster County, Pennsylvania

Lancaster County , (Pennsylvania German: Lengeschder Kaundi) sometimes nicknamed "the Garden Spot of America" or "Pennsylvania Dutch Country", is a county located in the south central part of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 552,984. Its county seat is Lancaster.

Chambersburg, Pennsylvania

Chambersburg is a borough in and the county seat of Franklin County, in the South Central region of Pennsylvania, United States. According to the United States Census Bureau, Chambersburg's 2020 population was 21,903.

Franklin County, Pennsylvania

Franklin County is a county located in South Central Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 155,932. Its county seat is Chambersburg.

Waynesboro, Pennsylvania

Waynesboro is a borough in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, on the southern border of the state. The population within the borough limits was 10,951 at the 2020 census.

Franklin, Pennsylvania

Franklin is a city in Venango County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 6,077 in the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Venango County.

Oil City, Pennsylvania

Oil City is a city in Venango County, Pennsylvania. It is located at a bend in the Allegheny River. The population was 9,613 at the 2020 census.

Ivan Ustinov

Ivan Lavrentevich Ustinov (; 1 January 1920 – 15 January 2020) was a Soviet intelligence officer. He had many posts in Soviet military counterintelligence, reaching the rank of general-lieutenant. He was Third Directorate of the KGB and Office of Special Divisions of the KGB for the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany.

Ustinov died in Moscow on 15 January 2020 at the age of 100.

Hwang Sun-hui

Hwang Sun-hui (, 3 May 1919 – 17 January 2020) was a North Korean politician and military personnel. She worked in many top-ranking positions in the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). She worked in the Supreme People's Assembly and the Central Committee of the WPK. She was a member of the Korean Revolution Museum since 1965, and was its director since 1990. She was born in North Hamgyong Province.

Hwang died on 17 January 2020 in Pyongyang of pneumonia at the age of 100.


Wolfgang J. Fuchs

Wolfgang J. Fuchs (16 September 1945 – 20 January 2020) was a German historian and comic book translator. He was born in Unsleben, Germany. He was known as the main editor of "Die tollsten Geschichten von Donald Duck – Sonderheft", a German Disney comic. He was also known for his comic "Disneys Heimliche Helden" (2005–2009).

Fuchs died on 20 January 2020 in Munich at the age of 74.

Cobleskill (village), New York

Cobleskill is a village in the western part of the town of Cobleskill in Schoharie County, New York, USA. The population was 4,173 at the 2020 census.

Fonda, New York

Fonda is a village in and the county seat of Montgomery County, New York, United States. The population was 668 at the 2020 census.

Woodbury, New Jersey

Woodbury is a city in Gloucester County, New Jersey, in the United States. As of the 2020 United States Census the city's population was 9,963.

Gloucester County, New Jersey

Gloucester County () is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 302,294. Its county seat is Woodbury.

Portland, Texas

Portland is a city in Nueces and San Patricio counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 20,383 at the 2020 census.

Sinton, Texas

Sinton is a city in and the county seat of San Patricio County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,504 at the 2020 census.

Stanton, Texas

Stanton is a city in and the county seat of Martin County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,657 at the 2020 census.

Bridgehampton, New York

Bridgehampton is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) on the South Fork of Suffolk County, New York, USA. The population was 2,953 at the 2020 census.

LaPorte County, Indiana

LaPorte County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 112,417. The county seat is the city of La Porte, and the largest city is Michigan City.

This county is part of the Northwest Indiana and Michiana regions of the Chicago metropolitan area.

Marc Morgan

Marc Wathieu (30 April 1962 – 10 January 2020), better known as Marc Morgan, was a Belgian singer and songwriter. He was born in Huy. His single "Notre Mystère, nos reunions" reached the French top 50 charts in 1993. He also worked as a professor. He worked at the École de recherche graphique in Brussels, the École supérieure des arts Le 75 in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert and the Haute école Albert Jacquard in Namur.

Morgan died on 10 January 2020, at the age of 57.

Robert Molimard

Robert Molimard (16 December 1927 – 9 January 2020) was a French doctor. He served as a professor at Paris-Sud University. He was a pioneer in tobacco research in France. He worked on four publications. His last publication was "L’Homme, avatar de Dieu" in 2016.

Molimard was born in Cournon-d'Auvergne. He died on 9 January 2020, at the age of 92.

Red brick university

A red brick university (or redbrick university) was one of the nine civic universities founded in the major industrial cities of England. They are founded in the 19th century. These universities were different from other universities as they accepted students regardless of religion or background. They concentrated on imparting to their students "real-world" skills such as engineering and medicine. 


Endocarp

Endocarp is the inside of the fruit, particularly of the Valencia navel orange hesperidium. You may also refer to the endocarp as the carpel or pulp of the orange. The exocarp would be the outside skin or rind of the fruit.

Eugène Berger

Eugène Berger (4 December 1960 – 21 January 2020) was a Luxembourg politician, teacher and alpinist. He was a member of the Democratic Party. At the time of his death in 2020, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2007. He was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1994, serving until 2004. He was State Secretary of the Environment from 1999 to 2004.

In 1992, Berger became the first Luxembourger to climb Mount Everest. For this feat, he won the title of Luxembourgian Sportsman of the Year.

Berger was born in Bettembourg. He had two children. He died on 21 January 2020, at the age of 59.

Independent city (United States)

In the United States, an independent city is a city that does not belong to any particular county. The United States has 41 independent cities: 38 in Virginia (whose state constitution designates all municipalities incorporated as "cities" as such), plus Baltimore, Maryland; St. Louis, Missouri; and Carson City, Nevada.

Donetsk People's Republic

The Donetsk People’s Republic was a partially recognised country in the Donbas region of Ukraine. It is now a region in Russia. 

When the War in Donbas started in 2014, a few hundred pro-Russian separatists declared that the Donetsk Oblast was an independent country. 

Donetsk Oblast is all to the east of Ukraine, at the border with Russia. In both parts, there are many ethnic Russians. Russia aided the start of these non-recognised states. 

In 2014, Russia invaded and took Crimea from Ukraine, while armed separatists captured government buildings in the Donetsk Oblast. They declared that the Donetsk Oblast was an independent country named the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR). Approximately at the same time, other people started Luhansk People's Republic in Luhansk Oblast. This sparked the war in Donbas, part of the wider Russo-Ukrainian War. 

In early 2022, Russia officially recognised the DPR as a country. A few days later, Russia invaded Ukraine. In late 2022, the Donetsk People's Republic, alongside three other separatist oblasts, became a republic of Russia. However, the international community agrees that Donetsk legally belongs to Ukraine and that the annexation of Donetsk was illegal.

The Donetsk People's Republic led by the Head of the DPR and the Chairman of the Government. The Republic is ruled by the People's Council, which has 100 members. It is a dictatorship.

The government completely changed the education system. They removed the Ukrainian curriculum and replaced it with the Russian one. They also decreased lessons teaching the Ukrainian language.

The international community generally agrees that the Donetsk People's Republic belongs to Ukraine and that its independence was done illegally. In 2022, the only countries to recognise the DPR as an independent country were Russia, Syria and North Korea.

In late 2022, the DPR and three other separatist regions of Ukraine became republics of Russia. Many countries also agree that this was illegal.


Antony Cotton

Antony Cotton (born Antony Dunn; 5 August 1975) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Sean Tully in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2003 onwards. He also played the role of Alexander Perry in the original UK version of "Queer as Folk". He was born in Bury, Greater Manchester, England.


Kate Malone

Kate Olivia Malone (born 29 January 1959) in London, is a British potter and ceramic artist. With Keith Brymer Jones, she judges BBC2’s "The Great Pottery Throw Down". She is known for her large sculptures and using bright colors.

Ian Tuxworth

Ian Lindsay Tuxworth (18 June 1942 – 21 January 2020) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party and later the Northern Territory Nationals. He served as the second Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 1984 until he resigned in 1986. He was also elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly in 1974.

Tuxworth was born in Wollongong, New South Wales. In 1951, he moved to Tennant Creek, Northern Territory. Tuxworth died on 21 January 2020 in Perth, Western Australia. He was 77.

Public

In communication science and public relations, "public" mostly means people. The meaning of this is different than other ideas, such as gatherings in social life to talk about people (public sphere). The meaning of this is also talked about in the learning of government (political science), the learning of how humans think (psychology), and the learning of giving things to people (marketing). This word's meaning is very hard to make, as people think that public has different meanings.

The word "public" comes from the Latin "publicus", or "of the people".

In the learning of government (politics), "public" means a group of people who are related to government (leader group). In psychology and public relations, public has even more different meanings.

In the year of 1929, John Dewey had the meaning of "public" as a group of people who answer the same problem. This means that this meaning is about problems (situational). This definition of "public" with "problem" is so misunderstood that people made a whole new learning place, called as "the idea of the public being about problems" (situational theory of publics) created by James E Gruning, who was so into "the idea of the public being about problems” that he also thought of “the idea of the public "not" being about problems", and so made sets that put the ideas of the meaning of public in order. This includes "the idea of a public without a problem" (nonpublics), "the idea of public with a problem" (latent publics), and "the idea of public who know they have a problem" (active publics).

In this meaning, the meaning of “public” is not someone who likes business (stakeholder) or a system of getting and giving things for money (market). This meaning of "public" here is that it is a part of a group of multiple people who like business (stakeholder) who all need to solve a problem. This is not a market because it does not have any money moving system (exchange system), and that a "public" is created by itself (self-forming) and puts itself in order by itself (self-organizing). The people who are in public relations do things for the "public". People who are needed to make a group's dreams come true are named as "target publics", and people that help the target publics are named as "influentials". Influentials are important, because they give answers to the target public's problems. The "target publics" are also important, because their answers to the government problems (like electoral votes) are very important.

The public also has rules of being in the public ("social norms"), that play a major role in how information is moved.

Public relations theory shows that the meaning of publics is situational, according to John Dewey and James E. Gruning, and is simply a group of people. According to Gabriel M. Vasquez, a public has people that all know about their common problem and all try to solve that problem (“homo narrans” [Latin for "storytelling human"]), and create a list of problems to be solved (agenda-building). For example, Schools are commonly talked about for their agenda-building, on whether they should teach about religion or not (secular). Some people think publics are about the government (political) and last forever.

But, other people think that the meaning of public is non-situational. Kirk Hallahan, professor at Colorado State University, thinks that the meaning of public is about another organization, and has public as that it is people who are about (relate) to an organization, who show different amounts of activity—passivity (getting information without giving it), and who might (or might not) talk with others about their relationship with the group.

Social publics are people who like the same ideas or hobbies.

Networked publics are social publics who are organized by the new technology. Because of this, networked publics are the result of technologies that connect people (networked technologies, like social media), and the whole result from a combination of the people in the networked public, their technologies, and their ideas.

The situational theory of publics, is about the idea that publics can be used and organized by how much they know (are aware of) their common problem, and how much action the group has taken to resolve that problem. This theory shows when people communicate ideas and when the ideas are about the people who are important in solving the common problem. This theory is almost the same as John Dewey's theory of publics and Blumer's theory of publics.

The five key concepts in this theory are:


This theory comes from James E. Grunig's writing, "The Role of Information in Economic Decision Making" in 1966. This writing was the beginning of the situational theory of publics, as it had the first key idea, problem recognition, in the writing. Then, when he wrote about the decisions of people who own land in Columbia to become a professor, he also wrote about the second key idea, constraint recognition. He then added Herbert Krugman's idea of the third key idea, level of involvement, to explain the difference between the fourth and fifth key ideas, information seeking and information processing. After that, he wrote a book in 1984 which was named "Managing Public Relations", which further made the situational theory of publics make more sense, based on John Dewey's book, which was named "The Public and Its Problems".

People who use the theory created equations which used the theory to organize the different types of publics, and the most real effects of communication for each public. Because these math rules were created, it made the theory more understandable and became used in a more common way in learning the theory (academic studies) and in some professional learning. This theory is like the learning of the actions of people buy things (consumer behavior), health communication, how media works (media exposure), and the communication of government related ideas (political communication), which are common in other parts of the learning of communication (communication research). But, this theory has more common key ideas and a more developed system of learning and analysis because of the equations. Because of this, it can become more common (popular) and include other smaller less common theories inside it (subsume).

Even though the theory is well developed, it develops even more common. The theory has been used to show why people join groups who really want things to happen (activist groups), to organize the external (real, actual) and internal (perceived) parts (dimensions) of problem recognition, and to learn whether information that is used in information processing (processed information) can create publics. Also, some more research was done on the internal and external dimensions of problem recognition, constraint recognition, and level of involvement (Grunig & Hon, 1988; Grunig, 1997). The research is about whether the ideas are internal or external. The research shows that if the concepts are internal, they can be changed by communication, and that if they are external, then the holdable things that are around the person need to be changed in order for the person's concept of the variables to change (Grunig, 1997, p. 25). But, there is a small amount of research on the internal and external dimensions of the three key concepts, so there can be more studies on these concepts (Grunig, 1997). Then, in 2011, Jeong-Nam Kim and Grunig extended the theory to the situational theory of problem solving.


Barbara Barrett

Barbara McConnell Barrett (born December 26, 1950) is an American politician, businesswoman, and lawyer. She was the 25th United States Secretary of the Air Force from October 18, 2019 to January 20, 2021.

From May 23, 2008 through January 16, 2009, she was the United States Ambassador to Finland for the George W. Bush administration.

Barrett was former chair of the Aerospace Corporation and a member on the boards of California Institute of Technology, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, RAND Corporation, Smithsonian Institution, Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, and Lasker Foundation.

On May 21, 2019, President Donald Trump announced he would nominate Barrett as Secretary of the Air Force. Her nomination was confirmed with an 85-7 U.S. Senate vote on October 18, 2019. She was sworn in on October 18, 2019.

Indiana County, Pennsylvania

Indiana County is a county located in the central west part of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 83,246. Its county seat is Indiana.

Keene, New Hampshire

Keene is the only city in and the seat of Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 23,047 at the 2020 census.

Sam Aston

Samuel David Aston (born 7 June 1993) is an English actor, known for playing the role of Chesney Brown on the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". Aston made his television debut at the age of five, as an extra in "Eddie Mountain".

Aston was awarded Best Newcomer at the National Television Awards in 2004. He also won Best Dramatic Performance for a Young Actor or Actress at the British Soap Awards.

Impeachment process against Richard Nixon

The impeachment process against Richard Nixon began in the United States House of Representatives on October 30, 1973, following the "Saturday Night Massacre" episode of the Watergate scandal. 

The House Committee on the Judiciary set up an impeachment inquiry staff and began investigations into possible impeachable offenses by Richard Nixon, the 37th president of the United States. 

The process began on February 6, 1974, when the House granted the Judiciary Committee authority to investigate whether sufficient grounds existed to impeach President Nixon of high crimes and misdemeanors under , of the United States Constitution. 

This investigation happened one year after the United States Senate created the Select Committee on Presidential Campaign Activities to investigate the 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate hotel in Washington, D.C..

On August 9, 1974, before the full House could vote on the articles of impeachment, Nixon resigned thus ending the impeachment process.

Chamber of Deputies (Luxembourg)

The Chamber of Deputies (, , ), abbreviated to the Chamber, is the unicameral national legislature of Luxembourg. The Chamber is made up of 60 seats. Deputies are elected to have five-year terms by proportional representation in four multi-seat constituencies. Voters may vote for as many candidates as the constituency elects deputies.

Joe Shishido

In Japan, he was also known by the nickname for his popular role in the Western "Fast-Draw Guy" (1961). He was born in Kita, Osaka, Japan.

Shishido died on January 20, 2020 of a suspected heart attack in Tokyo at the age of 86.

De'Runnya Wilson

De'Runnya S. Wilson (September 14, 1994 – January 21, 2020) was an American football player. He played as a wide receiver. At the time of his death in 2020, he played for Albany Empire of the Arena Football League (AFL). He played college football at Mississippi State. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

Wilson died on January 21, 2020 in Birmingham, Alabama. He was 25. Police treated his death as a murder.

Theodor Wagner

Theodor Wagner (6 August 1927 – 21 January 2020) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a striker mainly for SC Wacker Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Turl Wagner began his career with the small district clubs Phönix XII and MFC 12 before joining Wacker Wien in 1940. He had the biggest success with the club celebrating the double in 1947. At the end of his career he played from 1958 to 1962 at SV Stickstoff Linz and then at FC Wacker Innsbruck. As a coach, Turl Wagner returned to SC Wacker Wien for a season in 1964. 

He made his debut for Austria 1946 in friendly match against Switzerland and was a player at the 1954 FIFA World Cup, There he scored a hat-trick in the legendary 7–5 quarterfinal win over Switzerland. This was the highes scoring match in Worldcup history. He earned 46 caps, scoring 22 goals. His last international was a March 1957 friendly match against West Germany. He was also part of Austria's squad for the football tournament at the 1948 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in any matches.

Wagner died on 21 January 2020 in Vienna, at the age of 92.


Antelope Valley

Antelope Valley is in northern Los Angeles County, California, and the southeast part of Kern County, California. It is a part of the western tip of the Mojave Desert. It is between the Tehachapi, Sierra Pelona, and the San Gabriel Mountains. 

The valley was named for the pronghorns that roamed there. They were killed in the 1880s, mostly by hunting, or moved to other areas. The main cities in the Antelope Valley are Palmdale and Lancaster.

Joyce Bryant

Joyce Bryant (October 14, 1927 – November 20, 2022) was an African-American singer and actress. She was popular in the late 1940s and early 1950s as a theater and nightclub performer.

She became an early African-American sex symbol. She had nicknames such as "The Bronze Blond Bombshell", "the black Marilyn Monroe", "The Belter", and "The Voice You'll Always Remember".

Point Clear, Alabama

Point Clear is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,076. It is part of the Daphne–Fairhope–Foley Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The Wayfaring Stranger (song)

"The Wayfaring Stranger" (also known as "Poor Wayfaring Stranger" or "I Am a Poor Wayfaring Stranger"), Roud 3339, is a famous American folk and gospel song probably coming from the early 1800s about a soul on the journey through life. There are many versions of the song. During a period during and several years after the American Civil War, the lyrics were known as the Libby Prison Hymn (named after a Confederate prison).


Emmylou Harris

Emmylou Harris (born April 2, 1947) is an American singer-songwriter, and musician. She was born in Birmingham, Alabama. She grew up in North Carolina.

She has won 14 Grammys. Harris was added into the Country Music Hall of Fame. 

In 2018, she was given the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.



Zazie Beetz

Zazie Olivia Beetz ( ; ; born June 1, 1991) is a German-American actress. She stars in the FX comedy-drama series "Atlanta" (2016–present). She also appeared in the Netflix anthology series "Easy" (2016–19).

Beetz has appeared in the disaster movie "Geostorm" (2017), and has played the Marvel Comics character Domino in the superhero movie "Deadpool 2" (2018) and the Joker's neighbor in the psychological thriller "Joker" (2019).

Mark Moses

Mark W. Moses (born February 24, 1958) is an American actor. He is known for his roles of Paul Young on "Desperate Housewives" and Herman "Duck" Phillips on the AMC series "Mad Men".

CNET

CNET (written as c|net) is formerly known as Computer Network. Founded in 1994 by Halsey Minor and Shelby Bonnie, it was the flagship brand of CNET Networks and became a brand of CBS Interactive through that unit's acquisition of CNET Networks in 2008, which was the previous owner prior to October 30, 2020. Red Ventures owned CNET since 2020. CNET originally produced content for radio and television in addition to its website and now uses new media distribution methods through its Internet television network, CNET Video, and its podcast and blog networks.

It is an American media website that publishes reviews, news, articles, blogs, podcasts and videos on global technology and consumer electronics. CNET has the highest readership among web news sites. It has over 200 million readers per month. It is among the 200 most visited websites globally in 2015.

Dizi (instrument)

A Dizi is a flute type instrument like a bass flute and made from bamboo.

Paul Everingham

Paul Anthony Edward Everingham (born 4 February 1943) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. He was the head of government of the Northern Territory from 1977 to 1984. He served as the second and last Majority Leader (1977–1978) and the first Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 1978 to 1984. He also served as a member of the national parliament for the Northern Territory from 1984 to 1987.

Everingham was born in Brisbane, Queensland.

Carina Driscoll

Carina Driscoll is an American politician. She was a State Representative in the Vermont House of Representatives for the Chittenden District from 2001 to 2003. She is a co-founder of Vermont Woodworking school with her husband Blake Ewoldson. 

She unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Burlington, Vermont in 2018. She is the stepdaughter of U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders and daughter of Jane O'Meara Sanders.

Steve Rayner

Steve Rayner (22 May 1953 – 17 January 2020) was a British sociologist. He was the James Martin Professor of Science and Civilization at Oxford University and Director of the Institute for Science, Innovation and Society. He was a member of the Oxford Martin School. He was known for his work for stopping climate change and for criticizing non-eco friendly engineers. 

In 2008, he was listed by "Wired" Magazine as one of the 15 people the next President should listen to and was recognized for his works to the joint award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).

Rayner died of cancer on 17 January 2020, aged 66.

Katerina Sakellaropoulou

Katerina Sakellaropoulou (, born 30 May 1956) is a Greek politician. She is the 13th President of Greece. She took office on 13 March 2020. She was elected to replace Prokopis Pavlopoulos by parliament on 22 January 2020. Sakellaropoulou is Greece's first female president.

Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament

The Speaker, properly the President of the Hellenic Parliament () is the presiding officer of the Parliament of Greece. 

The official order of precedence ranks the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament in the 3rd position, after the President of the Republic and the Prime Minister.

The current Speaker is Konstantinos Tasoulas of New Democracy.

Konstantinos Tasoulas

Konstantinos Tasoulas (; born 17 July 1959) is a Greek politician. He is the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament since 18 July 2019.

He was Minister of Culture and Sports, Deputy Minister of National Defence and Mayor of Kifissia.

Zoe Konstantopoulou

Zoe Konstantopoulou (; born 8 December 1976) is a Greek lawyer and politician. She was President of the Hellenic Parliament in 2015. She was elected to the post on 6 February 2015 with the record number of 235 out of 300 votes. She is President of the political party Course of Freedom.

Anna Benaki-Psarouda

Anna Benaki-Psarouda (born 12 December 1934) is a Greek lawyer, New Democracy politician and academician. She was born in Athens. She was Minister of Justice. From 2004 to 2007 she was Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament.

In 2010 she was elected Member of the Academy of Athens.

Apostolos Kaklamanis

Apostolos Kaklamanis () (born September 7, 1936) is a Greek politician. He is a member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) for the Athens B constituency. He was born in Lefkada, Greece.

He was Minister of Employment (2 terms), Minister for National Education and Religious Affairs (2 terms), Minister for Justice, Minister for Research and Technology and Minister for Health and Social Solidarity.

He was Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament from 22 October 1993 to 18 July 2004.


Hellenic Parliament

The Hellenic Parliament (, transliterated "Elliniko Kinovoulio"), in Greek known as Voulí ton Ellínon (, literally "Parliament of the Hellenes") is the parliament of Greece. It is located in the Old Royal Palace in Athens. The Parliament represents the citizens through an elected body of Members of Parliament (MPs).

It is a unicameral legislature of 300 members, elected for a four-year term. The leading person of the parliament is known as the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament.


Leader of the Opposition (Greece)

The Leader of the Opposition () is the politician who leads the official Opposition in Greece.

The Leader of the Opposition is normally the leader of the largest party not within the government, which is usually the second largest political party in the Hellenic Parliament.

Political Party:

May Wynn

Donna Lee Custer ("née" Hickey; born January 8, 1928), better known as May Wynn, is a retired American dancer, singer and actress. Her acting career lasted from around 1952 to 1960. She notably appeared in "The Caine Mutiny" (1954), "The Violent Men" (1955), "The Man Is Armed" (1956) and "Perry Mason" (1959).

Wynn was born in New York City. In 1956, Wynn married actor Jack Kelly in Quartzsite, Arizona. The couple divorced in 1964. She was married to her second husband Jack W. Custer from 1968 to 1979.

Quartzsite, Arizona

Quartzsite is a town in La Paz County, Arizona, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 2,413.

Nazanin Afshin-Jam

Nazanin Afshin-Jam (, "Nāzanin Afŝin Jam", born April 11, 1979) is an Iranian-Canadian singer, model, public speaker and human rights activist. She is a former Miss World Canada. She is also president and co-founder of "Stop Child Executions" as well as the founder of "The Nazanin Foundation".

She is married to Peter MacKay, former Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada.

George Herbert Walker III

George Herbert "Bert" Walker III (March 16, 1931 – January 20, 2020) was an American businessman, diplomat and philanthropist. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Hungary from 2003 to 2006. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was the cousin of Presidents George H. W. and George W. Bush.

Walker III died on January 20, 2020 under hospice care in Creve Coeur, Missouri of stroke-related problems at the age of 88.


Creve Coeur, Missouri

Creve Coeur is a city located in west St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 18,834 at the 2020 census.

Dee Hartford

Dee Hartford (born Donna Higgins; April 21, 1928) is a retired American actress and model. She worked as a model for "Vogue" in the late 1940s. She is known for her acting roles in "A Girl in Every Port", "Red Line 7000", "Perry Mason", "The Twilight Zone", "Gunsmoke", "Burke's Law", "The Outer Limits", "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "Batman", "Time Tunnel", "Land of the Giants" and "Lost in Space".

Hartford was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. Her sister, actress Eden Hartford, was married to Groucho Marx. Hartford was married to movie director Howard Marks from 1953 to 1959.

Nizhnekamsky District

Nizhnekamsky District is a district of Tatarstan. It lies near the Kama ("Chulman") River. Tatar, Russian, Chuvash and other people live in Nizhnekamsky District.
There is a famous Holy Spring in Krasny Klyuch near the town of Nizhnekamsk.
Nizhnekamsk town newspapers - Hezmattash Avazi ("Voice of the counterpart), etc. 

George Gregan

George Musarurwa Gregan (born 19 April 1973) is a retired Australian rugby union player. He played as a scrum-half. He is Australia's highest ever internationally capped player. He made 139 appearances for his country. He won the 1999 Rugby World Cup. As captain of Australia, he won the Bledisloe Cup in 2002 and lost the final of the 2003 Rugby World Cup against England. He also played for the Brumbies between 1996 and 2007.

Gregan was born in Lusaka, Zambia. He is the son of a Zimbabwean mother and an Australian father. He grew up in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. Gregan is married to Erica and has three children.


Mike Medavoy

Morris Mike Medavoy (born January 21, 1941) is an American movie producer and executive. He is the current chairman and CEO of Phoenix Pictures. He is also the co-founder of Orion Pictures (1978), former chairman of TriStar Pictures and former head of production for United Artists (1974–1978). He has served as a producer for movies such as "The Thin Red Line" (1998), "The 6th Day" (2000), "Vertical Limit" (2000), "Basic" (2003), "Holes" (2003), "Stealth" (2005), "All the King's Men" (2006), "Miss Potter" (2006), "Pathfinder" (2007), "Resurrecting the Champ" (2007), "Zodiac" (2007), "License to Wed" (2007), "Shutter Island" (2010), "Shanghai" (2010), "Black Swan" (2010), "What to Expect When You're Expecting" (2012) and "The 33" (2015).

Medavoy was born in the Chinese city of Shanghai. His parents were Russian Jews. He lived in Chile from 1947 to 1957. He became an American citizen in 1963. He has been married four times. He has two children, including Brian Medavoy.

Alison King

Alison Rosamund King (born 3 March 1973) is an English actress and model. She is best known for portraying the roles of Lynda Block in the Sky One drama series "Dream Team" (1998–2003, 2005–2007), and Carla Connor in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2006–present). She won Best Actress at the 2012 British Soap Awards.

King is considered by the press as a British sex symbol.


Quipu

Quipu are ancient Inca tools for recording information. They are colored threads knotted in different ways.

Elephantine

Elephantine is an island in the River Nile, which forms part of the city of Aswan, Egypt. It is about by in size. People have lived there since Ancient Egyptian times. Today, there are a number of ruins on the island. It also features a botanical garden with a large collection of palm trees.

Wells Fargo Place

Wells Fargo Place (30 East 7th Street) is an office tower in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. It stands at tall, and is currently the tallest building in Saint Paul. It was designed by Winsor/Faricy Architects, Inc. and WZMH Architects, and is 37 stories tall. 

The building opened in September 1987. It was formerly known as The Minnesota World Trade Center. "Anthrosphere", a large sculpture by Paul Granlund, is in the lobby.

John LeClair

John Clark LeClair (born July 5, 1969) is an American former professional ice hockey player. He played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens, Philadelphia Flyers, and Pittsburgh Penguins. LeClair was a member of the Montreal Canadiens' Stanley Cup winning team in 1993.

St. Albans (city), Vermont

St. Albans City is the county seat of Franklin County, Vermont, United States. At the 2020 census, the city population was 6,877. 

Harold Kelley

Harold Kelley (February 16, 1921 – January 29, 2003) was an American social psychologist. He was born in Boise, Idaho. He was professor of psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles. His major works were the development of interdependence theory (with John Thibaut). A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Kelley as the 43rd most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

David Schindler

David William Schindler, , (August 3, 1940 – March 4, 2021) was an American/Canadian limnologist. He holds the Killam Memorial Chair and is Professor of Ecology in the Department of Biological Sciences at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta. He was known for "innovative large-scale experiments" on whole lakes at the Experimental Lakes Area (ELA). He was also known for his research on acid rain.

Neal D. Barnard

Neal D. Barnard (born July 10, 1953) is an American author and clinical researcher. He was the founding president of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM). He was known for his medical research about acne.

Samuel Ward King

Samuel Ward King (May 23, 1786 – January 20, 1851) was an American politician and physician. He was the 15th Governor of Rhode Island from 1839 to 1843.

Stan Adelstein

Stanford "Stan" M. Adelstein (born August 19, 1931) is an American politician and engineer. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was in the South Dakota House of Representatives from 2001 to 2005, and later retired from the South Dakota Senate, where he represented the 32nd district from 2005 to 2007 and again from 2008 to 2013.

Michael Learns to Rock

Michael Learns to Rock is a band from Denmark with three (formerly four) members. They are, however, most popular in Asia. It was founded in 1988.

Rensis Likert

Rensis Likert ( ; August 5, 1903 – September 3, 1981) was an American social psychologist. He is known for creating the 5-point Likert scale, a scale that allows people to respond to questions of interest, in order to measure people's attitudes.

He wrote many books including; "New Ways of Managing Conflict" (1976) and "Human Organization: Its Management and Value" (1967). 

The following are books that Rensis Likert authored, or contributed to:

Co-editor:

Aiea, Hawaii

Aiea (Hawaiian: Aiea) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 10,408.

Aloha Stadium

Aloha Stadium is a stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. It is the largest stadium in the state of Hawaii. It is located in the western Honolulu suburb of Halawa. The stadium is home to the University of Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team (Mountain West Conference, NCAA Division I FBS).

The stadium opened in 1975. It has a seating capacity of 50,000.

Halawa, Hawaii

Halawa is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 15,016. Aloha Stadium is located in Halawa.

Halawa is also the site of Aloha Stadium which is home to the University of Hawaii Warriors football team and many other sporting events. On the ocean side of Halawa is Pearl Harbor. Halawa Valley becomes wider near Pearl Harbor and this is where most of the residential neighborhoods are located.

Halawa Valley has many important cultural sites dating to ancient times. This led to many protests during the building of the H-3 Freeway which opened in 1997 running right through the valley.

B. Frank Heintzleman

Benjamin Franklin Heintzleman (December 3, 1888 – June 24, 1965) was an American forester and politician. He was Governor of Alaska Territory, a position he held from 1953 till 1957. Heintzleman's resignation became effective on January 4, 1957, when Territorial Secretary became Acting Governor.

Fayetteville, Pennsylvania

Fayetteville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,208 at the 2020 census, up from 3,128 at the 2010 census. 

Ruth A. M. Schmidt

Ruth Anna Marie Schmidt (April 22, 1916 – March 29, 2014) was an American geologist and paleontologist. She created a United States Geological Survey (USGS) field office in Alaska and the first Department of Geology at the Anchorage Community College.

Chris Birch (politician)

Christopher Jim Birch (August 28, 1950 – August 7, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska Senate for District M in 2019 and the Alaska House of Representatives for the 26th District from 2017 to 2019. Birch was a member of the Republican Party.

Birch died from an aortic dissection on August 7, 2019 in Anchorage, Alaska at the age of 68.

Taylor Wilson

Taylor Ramon Wilson (born May 7, 1994) is an American nuclear physics enthusiast and science activist. In 2008, at the age of 14, he produced nuclear fusion using a fusor and at the time was the youngest person ever to do so.

Raye Montague

Raye Jean Montague (née Jordan; January 21, 1935 – October 10, 2018) was an American naval engineer. She was known for creating the first computer-generated rough draft of a U.S. naval ship. She was the first female program manager of ships in the United States Navy.

Ruth Haas

Ruth Haas is an American mathematician and professor at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. She was the Achilles Professor of Mathematics at Smith College. She won the M. Gweneth Humphreys Award from the Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) in 2015 for her mentorship of women in mathematics. In 2017 she was elected President of the AWM.

Rene Sylva

Rene Sylva (January 1929 – December 28, 2008) was an American botanist. He was born in Paia, Hawaii. He was among the only native Hawaiian fishermen to speak in favor of a ban on fishing green sea turtles. 

After giving up a career in turtle fishing, he became involved in the conservation of native Hawaiian ecosystems. He was important for the surveying remote regions of the Hawaiian Islands for native plants.

Anita Borg

Anita Borg (January 17, 1949 – April 6, 2003) was an American computer scientist. She founded the Institute for Women and Technology and the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing.

Lonnie Hammargren

Lonnie Lee Hammargren (December 25, 1937 – June 13, 2023) was an American politician and a retired neurosurgeon. He was elected a member of the non-partisan Board of Regents for the Nevada System of Higher Education. He was the 31st Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. State of Nevada from 1995 to 1999 as a member of the Republican Party.

Harris, Minnesota

Harris is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,111 at the 2020 census.

Center City, Minnesota

Center City is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 629 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Chisago County.

Louis R. Douglass

Louis Rea "Doug" Douglass (March 2, 1888 – January 13, 1979) was an American civil engineer. He spent more than 20 years with the United States Bureau of Reclamation and was in charge of Hoover Dam and the surrounding park land for four years.

Paia, Hawaii

Paia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maui County, Hawaii, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 2,470. 

Charles Kimbrough

Charles Kimbrough (May 23, 1936 – January 11, 2023) was an American actor. He was known for having played the straight-faced anchorman Jim Dial on "Murphy Brown".

Kimbrough died in Culver City, California, on January 11, 2023, at the age of 86.

Gerda Kieninger

Gerda Kieninger (21 February 1951 – 22 January 2020) was a German politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She was born in Cologne. Kieninger was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1995 to 2017.

Kieninger died in Cologne on 22 January 2020 at the age of 68.

Manfred Clynes

Manfred Edward Clynes (August 14, 1925 – January 19, 2020) was an Austrian-born Australian-American scientist, inventor, and musician. He was best known for his innovations and discoveries in the interpretation of music. He would study biological systems and neurophysiology.

Clynes died on January 19, 2020 in West Nyack, New York at the age of 94.

West Nyack, New York

West Nyack is a hamlet and census-designated place in the town of Clarkstown, Rockland County, New York, United States. It is about north of New York City. The population was 3,649 at the 2020 census.

Clarkstown, New York

Clarkstown is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a total population of 86,855.

Jack Kehoe

Jack Kehoe (November 21, 1934 – January 14, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in California. His best known roles were in "Serpico" (1973), "The Pope of Greenwich Village" (1984) and Brian De Palma's "The Untouchables" (1987), as well as the cult favorites "Car Wash" (1976) and "Midnight Run" (1988), the popular western "Young Guns II" (1990), and "On the Nickel" (1980).

Kehoe died on January 14, 2020 from stroke-related problems in Los Angeles at the age of 85.

Liu Zhongyi

Liu Zhongyi (; October 1930 – 5 January 2020) was a Chinese politician. He was Minister of Agriculture from 1990 to 1993 and Vice Minister of the National Development and Reform Commission from 1985 to 1990. He was born in Wuhan, Hubei. Liu was a member of the Communist Party of China.

Liu died on 5 January 2020 in Beijing at the age of 89.

John Klyberg

Charles John Klyberg (29 July 1931 – 17 January 2020) was a British Roman Catholic priest and former Anglican bishop. From 1985 to 1996, he was the Bishop of Fulham in the Church of England. He studied at Lincoln Theological College, a Church of England theological college. 

In 1994, the gay rights campaign group OutRage! named Klyberg as one of ten closeted homosexual bishops in the Church of England.

In 1996, after retiring from Anglican ministry, Klyberg was received into the Roman Catholic Church. He later became a priest. He was made a Prelate of Honour by Pope John Paul II.

Klyberg died on 17 January 2020 in London at the age of 88.

SHA-1

SHA-1 is a mathematical algorithm to hash a certain string. It creates a one-way change from the source string to the result. It is commonly used for security and data loss, but there may be other cases. Computer programs exist to crack SHA-1 hashes by hashing random strings and storing the result. An example SHA-1 hash is "664add438097fbd4307f814de8e62a10f8905588" (the string "Wikipedia" hashed using SHA-1).

Cobble (geology)

A cobble (sometimes a cobblestone) is a clast of rock defined on the Udden–Wentworth scale as having a particle size of 64–256 millimeters (2.5–10.1 in), larger than a pebble and smaller than a boulder. Other scales define a cobble's size in slightly different terms. A rock made predominantly of cobbles is termed a conglomerate. Cobblestone is a building material based on cobbles.

Alfred Körner

Alfred Körner (14 February 1926 – 23 January 2020) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a striker. He was the younger brother of fellow international Robert Körner.

Körner was born in Vienna. He had a successful career with Rapid Wien between the mid-1940s and 1959. He won seven league titles with the club. He also played for the Austria national team from 1946 to 1958. He played in the 1954 FIFA World Cup, where Austria finished third, and the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He earned 47 caps for his country, scoring 14 goals.

Körner died on 23 January 2020 in Vienna. He was 93.



Toshiko Akiyoshi

Akiyoshi was born in Liaoyang, Manchuria, China. After the end of World War II, she moved to Beppu with her family.

Alfred Teinitzer

Alfred Teinitzer (29 July 1929 - 20 April 2021) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Teinitzer was born in Vienna. He played club football for Rapid Wien and LASK Linz. He also played for the Austria national team. He was part of the squad that finished third in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.

Anglo-Frisian languages

The Anglo-Frisian languages are West Germanic languages, which include Anglic (or English) and Frisian. They are different from other West Germanic languages because of a number of sound changes. This is an old classification, which classified the Germanic languages into the Anglo-Frisian languages, and Germanic languages (such as German).

Since about the 1960s, the model is that there was a language called North Sea Germanic, which included all of these.

Anglic languages

Anglic languages are West Germanic languages that come from Old English. They were first spoken on the British Isles. Creole languages based on forms of English are generally not included. Except for English, this group also includes Scots in Scotland, and Yola and Fingallan in Ireland.

Shibuya Junior and Senior High School

Shibuya Junior and Senior High School () is a private co-ed secondary school in Shibuya Ward, Tokyo, Japan. People commonly call the school Shibu-Shibu for short. Only the junior high school accepts new students. The senior high school only accepts students coming up from the junior high school. Students go to each school for three years (for a total of six years).

Shibuya Kyoiku Gakuen () is the educational institution that runs Shibuya Junior and Senior High School. Students go to the school for six years. The school is in Shibuya, Tokyo. One of the school's goals is to develop students' skills in succeeding in an international society.　The school is highly ranked as one of the top ten most competitive junior high schools in the country. Recent rankings put it at 4th place in Tokyo and 8th place nationally.

The school has three main educational objectives:

Some notable alumni are:



Luling, Texas

Luling is a city in Caldwell and Guadalupe counties, in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cameron County, Pennsylvania

Cameron County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, 4,547 people lived there. Its county seat is Emporium.

Forest County, Pennsylvania

Forest County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. In 2020, 6,973 people lived there. The county seat is Tionesta.

Yaeyama language

The Yaeyama language is a Southern Ryukyuan language spoken in the Yaeyama Islands of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.

The Yaeyama language is one of the six Ryukyuan languages, which are a group of languages spoken in the Ryūkyū Islands of Japan. The Ryukyuan languages, along with Japanese, form the Japonic language family.

The Japanese government does not consider Yaeyama to be its own language, labeling it as a Japanese dialect instead. Most linguists and UNESCO on the other hand do consider Yaeyama to be a language.


Sans-culottes

The sans-culottes (, which means "without breeches") were the lower classes in late 18th century France. Lots of sans-culottes became radical supporters and fighters for the French Revolution. This was because of their poor quality of life under the "Ancien Régime". The word sans-culotte, which is the opposite of aristocrat, was said for the first time on 28 February 1791 by officer Jean-Bernard Gauthier de Murnan in a bad way. He was talking about a "sans-culottes army" - an army of peasants. The word became popular during the demonstrations of June 1792. 

The name, though it is about clothing, is actually a way to talk about the sans-culottes' social status. "Culottes" were the fashionable silk knee-breeches of the 18th-century nobility and bourgeoisie. The working class "sans-culottes" wore "pantaloons", or trousers, instead. The "sans-culottes", most of them urban labourers, were the force behind the French Revolution. The other members of the revolution thought that they were "radicals" because they wanted a direct democracy. This would mean that the people would vote on laws themselves, and that there would be no legislature. Though they had bad clothes and equipment, and got little or no support from the rich, they were most of the Revolutionary army and executed many people during the early years of the French Revolutionary Wars.

The Language of the Night

The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction is a collection of essays written by Ursula K. Le Guin. Susan Wood edited the book. It was first published in 1979. A new and different edition was published in 1992. The 24 essays in the book come from many sources, including journals, book introductions, and award-acceptance speeches. Le Guin was well known as a fantasy and science fiction author. But her criticism was not easy to find before this collection. "The Language of the Night" has [Le Guin]'s most important ideas about writing. It is about topics such as Americans' attitudes towards fantasy fiction, the strengths and weaknesses of science fiction, and how children's literature is special. She also discusses the background of her major works such as "A Wizard of Earthsea" and "The Left Hand of Darkness". However, some critics complained that "The Language of the Night" has both more important and less important writing. The collection was nominated for a Hugo for Best Related Non-Fiction Book category in 1980. The title comes from Le Guin's description of fantasy literature. She said, "We like to think we live in daylight, but half the world is always dark; and fantasy, like poetry, speaks the language of the night."

Chai Chidchob

Chai Chidchob (, ; 5 April 1928 – 24 January 2020) was a Thai politician. He was born in Surin Province. He served as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and President of the National Assembly from 2008 to 2011.

Chidchob died on 24 January 2020 in Buriram Province. He was 92.

Bhichai Rattakul

Bhichai Rattakul (, ; 16 September 1924 – 28 February 2022) was a Thai politician. He served as the Thai deputy prime minister between 1983 and 1990 and again from 1997 to 2000. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives and President of the National Assembly in 2000. He served as the leader of the Democrat Party from 1982 to 1991. He was also world president of Rotary International between 2002 and 2003.

Rattakul was born in Bangkok to a Thai Chinese family. His wife, Khunying Charoye Rattakul, died in 2014. Rattakul died at a hospital in Bangkok on 28 February 2022 from lung cancer, aged 97.

Frozen II

Frozen II, also known as Frozen 2, is a 2019 American computer-animated musical fantasy movie. 
The movie was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It is the 58th animated movie created by the studio. Frozen II is the sequel to the 2013 movie "Frozen".

It has the return of directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee, producer Peter Del Vecho, songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, and composer Christophe Beck. Lee also returns as screenwriter, making the screenplay from a story by her, Buck, Marc E. Smith, Anderson-Lopez, and Lopez, while Byron Howard executive-produced the movie.

Veteran voice cast Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Josh Gad, Jonathan Groff, and Ciarán Hinds return as their previous characters, and they are joined by newcomers Sterling K. Brown, Evan Rachel Wood, Alfred Molina, Martha Plimpton, Jason Ritter, Rachel Matthews, and Jeremy Sisto.
Set three years after the first movie, the story follows Elsa, Anna, Kristoff, Olaf, and Sven, who leave on a journey outside their kingdom of Arendelle in order to find out the cause of Elsa's magical powers and save their kingdom after a mysterious voice calls out to Elsa.

"Frozen II" had its world premiere at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on November 50, 2019. It was released in the US by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures on November 22, 2019.

The movie received positive reviews from critics who liked its animation, visuals, writing, music, and vocals. It has grossed $1.406 billion worldwide. It had the highest all-time worldwide opening for an animated movie. The movie is the second highest-grossing animated movie yet made and the third highest-grossing movie of 2019, as well as the 10th highest-grossing movie of all time.

The character Kristoff is meant to be Sámi, a group of indigenous people who live in northern Europe and Asia. Some people who saw the first "Frozen" complained that Kristoff was not a good way to show Sámi because he is light-skinned and blond. This is called whitewashing. Although some Sámi look like Kristoff, most have darker skin and hair. When making Frozen II, Disney signed a contract with Sámi leaders and hired Sámi experts to make sure the fictional Sámi in the movie, the Northuldra, would be shown respectfully.

President of the National Assembly of Thailand

The President of the National Assembly (; ; ) is the presiding officer (speaker) of the National Assembly of Thailand. 


National Assembly (Thailand)

The National Assembly of Thailand (Abrv: NAT; , , ) is the bicameral legislative branch of the government of Thailand. 

The National Assembly was created in 1932 after the adoption of Thailand's first constitution, which transformed Thailand from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy.


Chuan Leekpai

Chuan Leekpai (, , ; ; born 28 July 1938) is a Thai politician. He is the President of the National Assembly of Thailand and the Speaker of the Thai House of Representatives. He was the Thai prime minister from 20 September 1992 to 19 May 1995 and again from 9 November 1997 to 9 February 2001.

List of speakers of the House of Representatives of Thailand

The Speaker of the House of Representatives of Thailand (; ; ) is the presiding officer of the lower chamber of the National Assembly of Thailand. 

The Speaker of the House of Representatives is a MP, usually from the majority party in the House of Representatives. The Speaker or the President is elected at the beginning of a House session immediately after an election, there are no term limits for the office.

House of Representatives (Thailand)

The House of Representatives (; ; ) is the lower house of the National Assembly of Thailand, the legislative branch of the Thai government. 

The House of Representatives has 500 members, all of which are democratically elected: 375 members were directly elected through single constituency elections, while the other 125 are elected through party-list proportional representation.

Senate of Thailand

The Senate (, , ; formerly known as , , ) is the upper house of the National Assembly of Thailand, (Thailand's legislative branch). The Senate is a non-partisan legislative chamber, composed of 250 members. All 250 Senators are appointed by the Royal Thai Military. The Senate operates under fixed terms of six years.

List of presidents of the Senate of Thailand

The President of the Senate of Thailand was the presiding officer of the upper chamber of the National Assembly of Thailand.

Pornpetch Wichitcholchai

Pornpetch Wichitcholchai (, ; born 1 August 1948) is a Thai lawyer. He has been the President of the Senate of Thailand since 2019.

Meechai Ruchuphan

Meechai Ruchuphan (, , ; born 2 February 1938) is a Thai politician. He was acting Prime Minister of Thailand in 1992.

Manoonkrit Roopkachorn

Major General Manoonkrit Roopkachorn (, RTGS: Manunkrit Rupkhachon; born Manoon Roopkachorn, 13 December 1935) is a Thai military officer. He was Senator and President of the Senate of Thailand. He took part in the coups of 1976 and 1977, in the unsuccessful coups of 1981 and 1985, and in the 2002 corruption case of Prime Minister Thaksin.

Teeradej Meepien

Teeradej Meepien (, , ; born 21 March 1940) is a Thai retired general and politician. From 2007 to 2010, he was the Chief Ombudsman of Thailand. From May 2011 to July 2012, he was the President of the Senate of Thailand who is "ex officio" also the Vice President of the National Assembly.

John Karlen

John Karlen (born John Adam Karlewicz; May 28, 1933 – January 22, 2020) was an American actor. He played multiple roles on the ABC serial "Dark Shadows" from 1966 to 1971.

In 1971 Karlen starred as the male lead in "Daughters of Darkness". He played Harvey Lacey, husband of Mary Beth Lacey, on the CBS crime series "Cagney & Lacey" (1982–88).

Karlen died from congestive heart failure in Burbank, California on January 22, 2020, at age 86.

Hercules Ayala

Ruben Cruz (July 14, 1950 – January 22, 2020) was a Puerto Rican professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Hercules Ayala. He competed in Canadian and international wrestling promotions including the eastern Canadian Grand Prix Wrestling, the Calgary-based Stampede Wrestling, New Japan Pro Wrestling in Japan and World Wrestling Council in Puerto Rico.

Bayamón, Puerto Rico

Bayamón () is a city of Puerto Rico located in the northern coastal valley. It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area.


Michael I. Sovern

Michael Ira Sovern (December 1, 1931 – January 20, 2020) was an American educator. He was born in New York City. He was the 17th president of Columbia University from 1980 through 1993. He was the Chancellor Kent Professor of Law at Columbia Law School. 

Sovern died on January 20, 2020 at the age of 88 in Manhattan from a rare form of cardiomyopathy at the age of 88.

Jack Van Impe

Jack Leo Van Impe ( ; February 9, 1931 – January 18, 2020) was an American televangelist. He was known for his half-hour weekly television series "Jack Van Impe Presents" which was a commentary on the news of the week through with a twist of the Bible. He was known as the "Walking Bible", having memorized most of the King James Version of the Bible.

Van Impe died on January 18, 2020 in Royal Oak, Michigan at a hospital from problems caused by a fall at the age of 88.


Freeport, Michigan

Freeport is a village in Barry County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 542 at the 2020 census.

Hastings, Michigan

Hastings is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan, the county seat of Barry County as well as the county's only city. The population was 7,514 at the 2020 census. 

Wyoming, Michigan

Wyoming is a city in Kent County, Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city has a total population of 76,501, which makes it the 3rd largest community or city in West Michigan. It is the largest suburb of Grand Rapids.

Everyday (video)

Noah Takes a Photo of Himself Every Day for 6 Years (as it is called on YouTube), or Everyday (as it is called on the title card), is a viral video made by Noah Kalina, a photographer from New York. Thousands of pictures of himself he took over six years are shown fast in time order.

Noah started to take a photo of himself every day on January 11, 2000, when he was 19 years old. The video shows the photos in time order, six per second, with original music played on piano by his ex-girlfriend Carly Comando. In each photo, his face is in the center of the frame, and shows no emotion. He uploaded the video to Vimeo on August 8, 2006, and on YouTube on August 27, 2006. "Everyday" was shown on an episode of VH1's "Web Junk 20", and on commercials for Time Warner Cable's Roadrunner service. In a "New York Times" article, it was said William A. Ewing, director of the Musée de l'Élysée, said "Noah’s video represents a phenomenal amplification not just in what he produced and how he did it, but how many people the piece touched in such a short period of time. There is nothing comparable in the history of photography." , "Everyday" had more than 26.4 million views on YouTube.

Noah originally wanted "Everyday" to be a photo project, but wanted to make a film instead after seeing a video by Ahree Lee, which did the same thing, but for three years. He put his photographs into a video and released it on YouTube.

In December 2006, because "Everyday" was so popular, VH1 asked Noah to take photographs of himself in the same pose as he did in "Everyday", but with some celebrities, including Paris Hilton, Lance Bass, David Hasselhoff, Jenna Jameson, will.i.am, Flavor Flav, lonelygirl15 and "Weird Al" Yankovic. The photographs were taken backstage at the VH1 Big in '06 Awards. In the ceremony, which was shown on television, several of the pictures were shown before and after commercial breaks. Kalina also posted the photographs on Flickr.

On July 16, 2012, Noah announced an longer version of the video, called "Noah takes a photo of himself every day for 12.5 years", on his website. The video, which came out on YouTube on September 4, 2012, shows 12 years and 5 months of his photographs of himself over 7 minutes and 34 seconds (10 frames per second, or 1 month every 3 seconds).

On January 14, 2020, Noah released "Noah takes a photo of himself every day for 20 years" on YouTube. This video shows 20 years of his photographs of himself over 8 minutes and 17 seconds (15 frames per second, or 1 month every 2 seconds).

Noah, who was born on July 4, 1980, lives in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York. He grew up in Centerport, New York, and went to Harborfields High School. He graduated from the School of Visual Arts.

"The Simpsons" episode "Eternal Moonshine of the Simpson Mind" includes a parody of the video, in which all 39 years of Homer Simpson's life are shown in the same way.

"Family Guy" also has a parody of the video, in which Peter Griffin takes a picture of himself every day for one year in the same way, except the song "Hey There Delilah" by the Plain White T's is used.

The National Basketball Association used the song in "Where Amazing Happens", an advertising campaign that happened from 2007 to 2008.


Naglis Puteikis

Naglis Puteikis (born 2 September 1964) is a Lithuanian politician and archaeologist. He is a member of the Seimas. 

Puteikis was born on 2 September 1964 in Vilnius. He is married with Nina and has son Gediminas and daughter Auguste.

In 1982 he finished Vilnius 15th high school. In 1983 he join to army and went to Afghanistan.

Adelanto, California

Adelanto is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is in the Mojave Desert.


Amstetten District

The Amstetten District is a district in the state of 
Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Amstetten

Amstetten is an Austrian town in the Mostviertel region of Lower Austria. It is the capital of the Amstetten District.


Baden District, Austria

The Baden District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Baden District

Baden District may refer to:

Deutschlandsberg

Deutschlandsberg () is the capital of the Deutschlandsberg District in the state of Styria in Austria. It is near the border with Slovenia. On 1 January 2019, it has about 11,600 people live in Deutschlandsberg.


Grundy County, Missouri

Grundy County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Trenton. In 2020, 9,808 people lived there.

Bruck an der Leitha District

The Bruck an der Leitha District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

It has an area of 703 km². As of 1 January 2019, 102,010 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Bruck an der Leitha.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

In 2017 the district annexed Ebergassing, Fischamend, Gramatneusiedl, Himberg, Klein-Neusiedl, Lanzendorf, Leopoldsdorf, Maria Lanzendorf, Moosbrunn, Rauchenwarth, Schwadorf, Schwechat and Zwölfaxing from the closed Wien-Umgebung District.

Gänserndorf District

The Gänserndorf District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Sankt Pölten-Land District

Sankt Pölten-Land District or St. Pölten-Land District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in small characters.

89 (number)

Eighty-nine is a number. It comes after eighty-eight, and before ninety. It is also the 24th prime number. It comes after eighty-three and before ninety-seven.

Hucknall

Hucknall, which used to be called Hucknall Torkard, is an English town near Nottingham. It is mostly a dormitory town for Nottingham. It is 11 km (7 mi) north of Nottingham. It is the final resting place of Lord Byron, an English poet and Greek War of Independence leader, and Ada Lovelace, a famous mathematician and programmer.

Sullivan City, Texas

Sullivan City is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Crawford County, Missouri

Crawford County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Steelville. In 2020, 23,056 people lived there.

COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic, also called the coronavirus pandemic, is a world-wide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). It is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).

The disease was first found in Wuhan, Hubei, China, in December 2019. On 31 December, Chinese health authorities told the World Health Organization (WHO)about a group of viral pneumonia cases of unknown cause, and an investigation was launched in early January 2020. The virus is believed to have come from an animal source, possibly a bat, and it is thought to have been transmitted to humans at a live meat market in Wuhan where live animals were being sold. The virus quickly spread to other parts of the world by airplanes and ships, because of its highly infectious nature and ease of transmission. The World Health Organization (WHO) called it a pandemic (global disease) on 11 March 2020.The International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses gave the virus its name. As of , about cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and about people have died of COVID-19.

The virus mostly spreads when people are close to each other, which is why social distancing is used. Common symptoms include fever, cough, and trouble breathing. The illness can worsen with pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome. As of January 2021, a number of vaccines for COVID-19 have been developed, but only a few have been found safe to use. The first vaccine to be approved was created by Pfizer and BioNTech, followed by the Oxford / AstraZeneca vaccine. Vaccine distribution was started in many countries in Europe, North America, South America and Asia. The United Kingdom was the first western country to begin to give out a COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccine was given out to all people in the country for free. No antiviral medicine for COVID-19 is available. Doctors usually give patients supportive therapy instead such as giving fluids, food, oxygen, pain relief and other treatments designed to help patients deal with the symptoms. People can avoid spreading the virus by regularly washing their hands, covering their mouth when coughing, maintaining distance from other people, staying away from crowds, wearing medical or cloth face coverings, and being alone for people who think they are infected, also known as quarantining.

The outbreak might be from a coronavirus that usually lives in bats. This then likely infected another animal, possibly a pangolin. It then changed inside that other animal until it could infect humans. It possibly originated at a wet market (a live food animal market), Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market. A 55-year-old person from Hubei province was the first human to contract the virus on November 17, 2019. A 61-year-old man who was a regular customer at the market was the first person to die from the virus on January 11, 2020. The exact origin of the virus is still unknown since the market in Wuhan sold a variety of live wild animals in cages. Chinese tourists have spread the virus by traveling to other countries and made it a worldwide pandemic.

Racism and xenophobia against Chinese people and Asians increased during the pandemic.

In November 2020, two companies, Pfizer and Moderna, said they had finished making COVID-19 vaccines. Two mRNA vaccines, one by Pfizer and one by Moderna, have been tested. Both were over 90% effective. Countries began planning to give the vaccine to many people.

The United States has had the most deaths from the virus. Over 1 million Americans have died from the virus.

In March 2020, the companies belonging to Sistema allocated about 1 billion rubles for the fight against coronavirus, the bulk of which was spent on the development of tests to detect infection, as well as on the production of protective equipment and antiseptics.

In May 2023 the WHO announced the end of the pandemic.

On 31 December 2019, Chinese health authorities reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) a cluster of viral pneumonia cases of unknown cause in Wuhan, and an investigation was launched in early January 2020.

On 9 June 2020, a Harvard University study suggested that COVID-19 may have been spreading in China as early as August 2019, based on hospital car park usage and web search trends.

Cases means the number of people who have been tested for COVID-19 and have tested positive. These cases are according to Johns Hopkins University.

Almost all people who get COVID-19 recover. For those who do not, the time between the start of symptoms and death usually ranges from6 to 41 days, but most of the time about 14 days. This data are recorded by the WHO.

According to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, COVID-19 makes people feel sick in different ways, but it usually affects the lungs. People usually cough and have difficulty breathing. They often also have a fever, chills, headache, pain in their muscles, or trouble tasting or smelling things, which can often be confused with the flu virus.

According to an April 2020 study by the American Gastroenterological Association, COVID-19 can make sick people vomit or have diarrhea, but this is rare. They said about 7.7% of COVID-19 patients vomited, about 7.8% had diarrhea and about 3.6% had pain in their stomachs.

Since there is no exact cure for Covid-19, treatment has focused on treating the symptoms of the disease such as giving oxygen and using machines to aid breathing, giving pain killers to relieve pain, supportive treatment such as giving fluids, food and drugs to combat other symptoms and diseases that affect the person at the same time. Doctors have tried different medicines to see if they help in treatment such as colchicine, systemic corticosteroids (particularly dexamethasone), interleukin-6 receptor antagonists (such as tocilizumab), and Janus kinase inhibitors (such as baricitinib) have been seen to reduce mortality and have other benefits in patients with severe covid-19, such as reducing the severity of the disease and reducing the length of hospital stay.

In February 2020, the WHO announced a name for the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2: COVID-19. It replaced the name "2019-nCoV." "Covi" is for "coronavirus," "D" for "disease," and "19" for the year 2019 – the year it was first detected. They said they did not want the name to have any person, place, or animal in it because people might blame the disease on that place, person, or animal. For example, it did not use the word "Wuhan." They also wanted the name to be easy to say out loud.

According to an article in Market Watch dated on February 27, 2020, the overall case mortality rate in China was 2.3%. However, these results might be severely different between different age groups and between men and women. People over the age of 70 experienced a rate of mortality 4-5 times that of the average. Men were more likely to die than women (2.8% versus 1.7% for women) possibly due to lifestyle, such as it being more possible in men to drink and smoke, making the risk of having a respiratory illness more possible, and thus more vulnerable. These numbers were the conclusion of a study by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention using 72,314 COVID-19 cases in mainland China as of Feb. 11. At that point this was the largest sample of cases for such a study.

On March 5, 2020, the WHO released the case fatality rate.

COVID-19 did not affect everyone in each country the same way. As of May 2020, APM Research Lab said the death rate among black Americans was 2.4 times as high as for white Americans and 2.2 times as high as for Latino and Asian Americans. In July 2020, "The New York Times" printed data from the Centers for Disease Control showing that black and Latino Americans were three times as likely to become sick and twice as likely to die as white Americans. This was not only in large cities but also in rural areas. This was not only for old people but for people in all age groups. Native Americans were also more likely than whites to become sick and die. Asian Americans were 1.3 times as likely as whites to become sick.

Camara Jones, an epidemiologist who once worked for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said this was socioeconomic and not because of any natural difference in black and white people's bodies. In the United States, black citizens are more likely to work jobs where they serve the public directly and to ride on public transport rather than take their own cars to work. This makes them more likely to be infected than people who work in private offices or from home. Sharrelle Barber, an epidemiologist and biostatistician from Drexel University, also said black Americans can live in crowded neighborhoods where social distancing is harder to do and healthy food harder to find. Both Barber and Jones blamed the long history of racism in the United States for these things. Three senators, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren said the federal government should start recording the race of COVID-19 patients so scientists could study this problem.

In June, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) told the public that people using the United States' government's Medicare health program had different results depending on race. Four times as many black Medicare patients went to hospitals for COVID-19 than white Medicare patients. There were twice as many hospitalized Hispanic patients than white patients. There were three hospitalized Asian patients for every two hospitalized white patients. The head of CMS, Seema Verma, said this was mostly because of socioeconomic status.

In the United Kingdom, twice as many black COVID-19 patients died as white COVID-19 patients. Other non-white people, like people from India and Bangladesh, were also more likely to die of COVID-19 than whites. Britain's Office of National Statistics said that the differences in money and education explained some of this difference but not all of it. They also said they did not know whether non-white patients caught COVID-19 more often or whether they caught more severe cases. Only female Chinese Britons were less likely to die of COVID-19 than white Britons.

Native Americans in the United States have shown more deaths from COVID-19 than the rest of the U.S. As of May, the Navajo Nation had 88 deaths and 2,757 cases, and the money they had been promised by the government arrived several weeks late. Only 30% of the people in the Navajo Nation have pipes with running water, which made it difficult for people to wash their hands.

Scientists from Chapman University made a plan to protect the Tsimane people in Bolivia from COVID-19 and said this plan would also work for other indigenous peoples living on their own land. The scientists said that many indigenous peoples have problems that make COVID-19 more dangerous for them, like poverty, less clean water, and other lung diseases. Hospitals may be a long distance away, and racism can affect the way doctors and nurses react. But they also sometimes have things that help, like traditions of making decisions together and the ability to grow food nearby. The scientists found people who spoke the Tsimane language as a first language and made teams to go to Tsimane towns to warn them about COVID-19. They also used radio stations. They said the best plan was for whole communities to decide to isolate. They found this worked well because the Tsimane already usually made their big decisions together as a community in special meetings and already had a tradition of quarantining new mothers. The Chapman scientists said their plan would also work for other indigenous peoples who also make decisions together, like the Tsimane.

In May 2020, police officers in Minneapolis, Minnesota killed an unarmed black man called George Floyd while they were arresting him. There were weeks of protests all over the world against police brutality and racism. Experts said they were worried protesters and police could spread SARS-CoV-2 to each other. Other experts said some of the reasons that the protests were so big was because non-white people were being killed by COVID-19 more than white people were, because poor leadership in the COVID-19 crisis reminded them of poor leadership about racism, and because the lockdowns shut down workplaces and other things. This meant people had more time to protest.
African Americans are more likely to catch the virus compared to their white counterparts in the United States, and are also more likely to die from it. 50,000 African Americans died of COVID-19 in 2020. African Americans are the least likely to get vaccinated against the disease.

Latinos have been at a higher risk of hospitalization or death from COVID-19 in the United States. There are many reasons why Latinos have a higher risk of getting very sick or going to the hospital because of COVID-19. One reason is that they often have health problems like diabetes, obesity, and heart disease. They are also more likely to have jobs where they have to be around other people, like in healthcare, grocery stores, and farming. Many Latinos live in crowded places with many people, like big families or busy neighborhoods. This makes it hard to stay far away from others and can make the virus spread more easily. Some Latinos might not speak English well, which can make it hard to get healthcare or understand how to stay healthy. Finally, many Latinos don't have health insurance or don't have enough of it. All of these things are connected and can make it more likely for Latinos to get very sick from COVID-19.

In early 2020, some people began to think that the SARS-CoV-2 may have been made on purpose in a laboratory and either released by accident or on purpose like a weapon. Some Iranians thought the Americans might have made it. Chinese state media said COVID-19 came from the United States to China and not the other way around. Some Americans thought the Chinese might have made it. Some Britons thought it might have been created by accident by 5G cell phone networks.

On March 17, 2020, scientists from Columbia University and other places published a paper in "Nature Medicine" showing that SARS-CoV-2 was almost surely not made by humans in a laboratory. They did this by comparing the genomes of different viruses to each other. The scientists saw that SARS-CoV-2 did not match any of the viral backbones that already exist for virologists to use. Within a few weeks, it became one of the most cited scientific papers in history, meaning that other scientists were reading and using it.

There were also several conspiracy theories circulating about Bill Gates and his alleged involvement with the COVID-19 pandemic. Theories wrongfully linking Gates to the coronavirus were mentioned 1.2 million times on television or social media between February and April of 2020. One of the most prominent ones was that Bill Gates somehow created or engineered the virus as part of a plan to depopulate the world. There is no evidence to support this claim, and it has been debunked by numerous experts in the field and fact checking organizations including the the National Institutes of Health and Reuters. Some conspiracy theorists allege that Bill Gates is using the pandemic to profit from the development and distribution of vaccines and other medical treatments. While Gates has been heavily involved in funding research on vaccines and treatments for COVID-19, he has not personally profited from this work. In fact, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has donated over $2 billion to COVID-19 efforts since the start of the pandemic. 

One of the impacts of these conspiracy theories is that they have generated fear and suspicion towards COVID-19 vaccines. Bill Gates commented on the impact of these theories, saying: "During the pandemic, there were tens of millions of messages that I intentionally caused it, or I'm tracking people. It's true I'm involved with vaccines, but I'm involved with vaccines to save lives."

On December 31, 2019, China alerted WHO to several cases of unusual pneumonia in Wuhan, Hubei province.

On January 20, 2020, Chinese premier Li Keqiang called for efforts to stop and control the pneumonia epidemic caused by a novel coronavirus. As of February 5, 2020, 24,588 cases have been confirmed, including in every province-level division of China. A larger number of people may have been infected, but not detected (especially mild cases). The first local transmission of the virus outside China occurred in Vietnam between family members, while the first local transmission not involving family occurred in Germany, on January 22, when a German man contracted the disease from a Chinese business visitor at a meeting. , 493 deaths have been attributed to the virus since the first confirmed death on January 9, with 990 recoveries. The first death outside China was reported in the Philippines, in a 44-year-old Chinese male on February 1. but another source reported:
"The first cases of COVID-19 outside of China were identified on January 13 in Thailand and on January 16 in Japan".

There has been testing which have showed over 6000 confirmed cases in China, some of whom are healthcare workers.

Confirmed cases have also been reported in Thailand, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Macau, Hong Kong, the United States (Everett, Washington and Chicago), Singapore, Vietnam, France and Nepal.

The World Health Organization declared that this is a Public Health Emergency of International Concern since January 30, 2020.

Bloomberg News and other business publications have reported several plant closures, travel restrictions, and imposed quarantines as a result of this outbreak. Many small businesses, even big ones, have gone bankrupt because of the pandemic.

As of February 10, 2020 there have been 40,235 confirmed cases reported of people infected by the virus in China. Also reported were 909 deaths, and 319 cases in 24 other countries, including one death, according to WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.

On November 14, 2020, there were 53,853,718 global COVID-19 cases and 1,311,524 deaths with cases in 217 countries and territories.












The pandemic made it more difficult for millions of people all over the world to get enough food. People lost their jobs, so they did not have money to buy food. Farms were shut down, so there was less food made. Processing plants and food factories were shut down, so less food was made ready for people to eat.

In April, Arif Husain of the United Nations' World Food Program said that 130 million more people could go hungry, in addition to the 135 million who were already hungry before the pandemic began. He said that poorer countries would be more affected than rich countries because the way they move raw food from farms to cities and other places where people live is less organized and relies more on human beings than on automatic systems.

This hunger crisis is different from crises in other years because it happened to the whole world at the same time. That meant that people working in other countries could not help by sending money home.

All over the world, children who ate meals at school had less access to food when the schools were shut down.

Scientists from the University of Michigan said the pandemic was making it harder for people to find food. In a study published in May, they said one in seven Americans over age 50 said they had trouble getting enough food before the pandemic, and it got worse when senior centers that provided meals were closed. Federal and state governments started programs to bring food to older people and children. There were also more food donation drives in towns.

In the United States, nursing homes had some of the highest rates of infection and death,

40% of all COVID-19 deaths in the country. Nursing homes are group homes for old people who need medical care, for disabled people who need medical care, and for people recovering from severe sickness or injury, like stroke patients.

Many people who live in nursing homes pay through the government program Medicaid, which pays less than Medicare or regular insurance companies. In June, many American nursing homes were caught throwing their regular patients out so they could make room for COVID-19 patients who could pay them more. Because nursing homes had stopped allowing visitors, it took longer for them to get caught. United States law requires nursing homes to warn patients 30 days before kicking them out, but the nursing homes did not do this.

Some of the nursing homes took the COVID-19 patients because state governments asked them to and they say they sent their elderly residents away because they were worried they would catch COVID-19 from the sick patients.

Because so many governments told people to stay at home, there was less air pollution than usual for that time of year. Pollution in New York fell by 50% and the use of coal in China fell by 40%. The European Space Agency showed pictures taken from a satellite of China's pollution disappearing during quarantine and coming back when everyone went back to work.

The pandemic and shutdowns made people use less electricity. In the United States, people got less of their electricity from coal power but kept using gas and renewable power like wind and solar power. This was because coal plants are more expensive to run, so power companies used them less.

Pollution from before the pandemic also affected what happened after people became sick. Scientists saw that more people died from COVID-19 in places with large amounts of air pollution. One team of scientists from Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg looked at air pollution information from satellites and statistics on COVID-19 deaths in Italy, France, Germany and Spain and saw that places with large amounts of nitrogen dioxide pollution had more people die from COVID-19. Nitrogen dioxide can damage the lungs.

The shutdowns and social distancing also affected animals. Human beings started staying at home about the same time in the spring when sea turtles like to come on land to lay their eggs. Turtle scientists in the United States and Thailand both reported more nests than usual on seashores in Florida and Phuket. They say it is because people are not coming to the beach or bringing their dogs to the beach and because there are fewer boats in the water nearby. Scientists also say they see more dugong and dolphins. With fewer cars driving down roads, salamanders, frogs, and other amphibians were able to cross them for their spring migration. According to citizen scientists from Big Night Maine, a group that watches amphibians, four amphibians made it across the roads alive for every one amphibian killed by cars. Most years, it is only two to one.

Not all ocean mammals did well. According to marine biologists in Florida, manatee deaths in April and May were 20% higher than in 2019. They say this was because many people decided to go boating because other things to do were closed.

Researchers from the San Diego Zoo Global had the idea for a system that people could use to find dangerous germs before they become pandemics or even before they jump from other animals to humans. They said it was important to watch the wildlife trade, like in the Wuhan wet market. The scientists said that over the past eleven years it has gotten easier and easier to sequence viral genomes, and it does not have to be done by a large lab or by a government any more. The scientists said it would be better to spread the work out among more people.



Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2

SARS coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is a positive-sense, single-stranded RNA coronavirus which causes the disease COVID-19. It used to be known as 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) by the World Health Organization (WHO).

The virus started the 2019–20 coronavirus outbreak. The first suspected cases were reported to the WHO on December 31, 2019.
Many early cases of this new coronavirus were linked to Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, a large seafood and animal market in Wuhan, China. The virus may have come from infected animals. It is not certain that this place was the source of the pandemic.

The genetic material of this virus showed many similarities to SARS-CoV (79.5%) and bat coronaviruses (96%). This means the virus may have originally come from bats. Scientists did more experiments that showed the virus probably went from bats to an intermediate host, meaning another animal in between bats and humans. The viruses in that other animal changed over time until they could infect humans. Scientists are close to sure that the original animal was a bat but not sure what the intermediate animal was. Some scientists think it could have been a pangolin because there are coronaviruses that live in pangolins even though they are not exactly the same as SARS-CoV-2 or the ones in bats. Pangolins are an endangered species and buying, selling or moving them from place to place is illegal in China and many other countries. But their scales are an ingredient in many traditional Chinese medicines, so they are often sold on the black market.

Although SARS-CoV-2 began in bats, scientists noticed that the bats do not get sick and die from it. They think this is because the bats have very careful immune systems that fight the virus without causing inflammation. Scientists are studying bats because of this.

Scientists are still looking at SARS-CoV-2 infection in animals, but only a variant strain has been confirmed to spread to minks. It is also inducing fear in humans as there are cases being reported of transmission of COVID-19 from minks to humans. Cats, dogs and other mammals are said to at relative risk but how they can get infected is still a mystery.

In early February 2020, the International Committee on the Taxonomy of Viruses' Coronavirus Study Group gave SARS-CoV-2 its official name, for sudden acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus number two. Before that, people called the virus "2019-nCoV," for "novel (new) coronavirus that appeared in 2019." The study group chose this name because the new virus was so similar to another virus that was already called SARS-CoV with no number.

First, the virus enters the cell with the help of the S protein or spike protein expressed on the surface of the virus beyond its envelope. The spike protein attaches to the human cell receptor hACE2 or human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 "." ACE2 is found on the cells of the epithelial cell linings of the lungs, kidneys, and intestines. After the attachment of the S- protein to the virus, the S protein splits into its two components- S1 head and S2 stalk . The S1 head is now able to bind to the TMPRSS2 receptor which is a serine protease enzyme containing a transmembrane domain. The interaction of TMPRSS2 and S1 trigger the cell membrane of the human cell to merge with that of the virus leading to viral genome entry into cells via endosomes. The viral genome in the endosomes which convert to lysosomes is then processed by , which is then replicated in the human cells and released after viral packaging and maturation in the cells to infect others. In October 2020, scientists said they had seen SARS-CoV-2 use another receptor, , to enter cells with the help of the furin cleavage site in its genome which was not found in any of its previous ancestors.

SARS-CoV-2 can infect many kinds of cells, but it mostly infects cells in the respiratory system, such as the cells of the nose, pharynx and lungs. Because it is in cells inside the nose, it can spread via aerosol or droplets when people breathe, talk, cough or sneeze.

The expanding part of the lungs, pulmonary alveoli, have two main types of cells. One cell, type I, absorbs oxygen from the air, i.e. gas exchange. The other, type II, produces surfactants, that help keep the lungs fluid, clean, infection free, etc. COVID-19 finds a way into a surfactant producing type II cell, and smothers it by reproducing COVID-19 virus within it. Each type II cell which is killed by the virus causes an extreme reaction in the lungs. Fluids, pus, and dead cell material flood the lung, causing the coronavirus pulmonary disease.

Scientists looked at the lungs from people who died of COVID-19. They compared them to lungs from people who died of influenza A and to lungs from people who died but not from any problem with their lungs. They saw the cells that made up the skins of the blood vessels in the lungs were more badly damaged in the lungs from COVID-19 patients, and there was more blood clotting. The most important difference the scientists saw was that the lungs had begun to grow new blood vessels.

In February 2020, the World Health Organization announced they had chosen a name for the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2: COVID-19. "Covi" for "coronavirus," "D" for "disease," and "19" for the year 2019. They said they did not want the name to have any person, place, or animal in it, like "Wuhan," or “pangolin,” because then people might blame the disease on that place, person, or animal. They also wanted the name to be easy to say out loud.

According to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, COVID-19 makes people feel sick in different ways, but it usually affects the lungs. People usually cough and have difficulty breathing. They often also have a fever, chills, headache, pain in their muscles, or trouble tasting or smelling things.

According to an April 2020 study by the American Gastroenterological Association, COVID-19 can make sick people vomit or have diarrhea but this is rare. They said about 7.7% of COVID-19 patients threw up, about 7.8% had diarrhea and about 3.6% had pain in their stomachs.

A study from the University of Arizona found that SARS-CoV-2 can prevent an infected person from feeling pain. It does this by giving off vascular endothelial growth factor-A, which binds to the human body's neuropilin receptor. This way, sick people do not feel pain, do not know they are sick, and spread the virus more than if they could feel pain.

The SARS-CoV-2 virus looks like a round ball with spikes all around it. There are four parts to the virus: the spikes, a membrane, an envelope, and the virus' genetic material, or ribonucleic acid (RNA) Each of these four parts is a different protein molecule. The spikes, membrane, and envelope are together called the "viral envelope", or outer layer, of the virus.

SARS-CoV-2 is a "positive-strand" RNA virus, meaning that it uses ribonucleic acid (RNA) to hold the patterns to make the proteins it needs instead of using DNA the way humans and other multicellular living things do.

In early 2020, some people began to think that the SARS-CoV-2 may have been made on purpose in a laboratory at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and released in Wuhan like a weapon. When the leader of Iran, Ayatollah Khamenei, said that he did not want the United States to help his country against coronavirus, he named the idea that Americans had made the virus on purpose to harm Iranains as one of his reasons: "I do not know how real this accusation is but when it exists, who in their right mind would trust you to bring them medication?" said Khamenei.

One survey by Pew Research showed 29% of Americans who answered, thought SARS-CoV-2 could have been made in a lab on purpose and 23% thought it could have been made in a lab by accident. A survey of people in the United Kingdom showed many of them thought COVID-19 was caused by 5G wireless networks.

On March 17, 2020, scientists from Columbia University and other places published a paper in "Nature Medicine" showing that SARS-CoV-2 was almost surely not made by humans in a laboratory. They did this by comparing the genomes of different viruses to each other. The scientists saw that SARS-CoV-2 did not match any of the viral backbones that already exist for virologists to use. The paper in "Nature Medicine" soon became one of the most cited scientific papers of all time.

There are no fixed cures for the treatment of COVID-19, but there are various drugs that have been approved for use such as Hydroxychloroquine and Remdesivir which are detailed below. Other antiviral drugs, interferon therapy and combination of anti-viral and interferons are also being experimented on to get the best possible outcome for patients. These treatments are used to reduce the symptoms and to keep the patients comfortable.

In April 2020, scientists from the University of Pittsburgh said they had made a vaccine, called PittCoVacc and tested it in mice.

Another team of scientists led by Dr. Josef Penninger of the University of British Columbia invented a medicine called APN01 and tested it in engineered human tissue, meaning human cells put together in a lab to look and act like they were inside a body. The scientists learned that adding human soluble recombinant angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) to these tissues infected with SARS-CoV-2 made it harder for the virus to reproduce.

In late April 2020, a team from Oxford University announced that they had developed a COVID-19 vaccine. The United States National Institutes of health tested it in rhesus monkeys, and it worked. The Oxford scientists said because they had already been working on a vaccine against a different coronavirus, they had a head start working on one for SARS-CoV-2. The scientists said they would try to test their vaccine on 6000 people by the end of May 2020, and that their vaccine could be ready for people to use in September 2020.

In mid-May 2020, a company called Moderna said they tested their mRNA vaccine in forty-five people and eight of them produced antibodies but they did not publish the specific data or publish an article in a scientific journal. Anna Durbin of Johns Hopkins University said it was too soon to tell if people would keep the antibodies long enough for the vaccine to work. The United States Food and Drug Administration gave Moderna permission to test the vaccine again in more people. Moderna's chief medical officer said the vaccine could be ready in January 2021.

Some people think hydroxychloroquine, a medicine given to people with malaria, lupus, and arthritis, could work against COVID-19 and some do not. One study from China showed that COVID-19 patients who took hydroxychloroquine got better faster, but the study was not peer reviewed. Other studies in France and China seemed to show hydroxychloroquine helped, but the studies did not include control groups, meaning the doctors did not compare patients who took hydroxychloroquine to patients who did not, so they could not be sure it was the hydroxychloroquine that was helping them or whether it was something else. In March, the United States Food and Drug Administration gave doctors permission to give hydroxychloroquine to COVID-19 patients.

United States President Donald Trump suggested the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine could help cure COVID-19, but Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is part of the White House's official coronavirus team said no one could know if hydroxychloroquine worked against SARS-CoV-2. In early April, the "New York Times" reported that President Trump has "a small personal financial interest" in Sanofi, one of the companies that makes hydroxychloroquine, meaning that if the company sold more hydroxychloroquine, he would have more wealth.

In early April, Fauci said, "The data are really just at best suggestive. There have been cases that show there may be an effect and there are others to show there's no effect." Dr. Megan L. Ranney of Brown University said that hydroxychloroquine can cause heart attacks and other problems. Other doctors worry that if people take hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19, there will not be enough left for people with malaria, lupus, and arthritis. Still, some hospitals have given hydroxychloroquine to COVID-19 patients who are very sick because the doctors think it is worth the risk.

Scientists in France and China performed more studies on larger groups of patients taking hydroxychloroquine. They watched patients who were taking the medicine and other treatment together and at patients who were only taking the other treatment. Both studies showed that hydroxychloroquine did not help and did cause side effects. Both studies were published in May 2020.

Some scientists thought the drug remdesivir, which was invented as a medicine for Ebola, could work against SARS-CoV-2. Remdesivir works against some viruses. Remdesivir had already been tested in humans, so the doctors already knew it would not hurt the patients even if it did not make them better. Because scientists already knew remdesivir was safe, they were able to start testing it in humans right away.

In one study, doctors gave a drug called remdesivir to 61 COVID-19 patients on a compassionate basis, meaning they gave them the drug because there was no other treatment available. Scientists studied 53 of these patients and found that 68% of the patients got better, 13% died, and 25% had serious side effects. But because the study had no control group, meaning these patients were not compared to other COVID-19 patients who were not taking remdesivir, and because only 53 people were in the experiment, scientists must run more studies before they can be sure remdesivir works.

The chairman and CEO of the company that makes remdesivir, David O'Day, said that remdesivir might work better in some patients than in others and asked scientists to perform many different kinds of studies.
In October 2020, the National Institutes of Health told the world the results of its tests: They studied 11,000 people and found that remdesivir did not help keep COVID-19 patients alive.



Clayton Christensen

Clayton Magleby Christensen (April 6, 1952January 23, 2020) was an American academic, businessman, and religious leader. He was the Kim B. Clark Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School of Harvard University. He was best known for his theory of "disruptive innovation". His best known work is the 1997 book "The Innovator's Dilemma".

Christensen was also a co-founder of Rose Park Advisors.

Christensen died on January 23, 2020 from leukemia treatment-related problems in Boston at the age of 67.

Franz Mazura

Franz Mazura (22 April 1924 – 23 January 2020) was an Austrian bass-baritone opera singer and actor. He performed at the Bayreuth Festival from 1971 for 25 years and at the Metropolitan Opera for 15 years. 

He was made a Kammersänger in 1980 and an Honorary Member of the Nationaltheater Mannheim in 1990. His best known role was as Klingsor in Wagner's "Parsifal". 

Two of his recordings received Grammy Awards.

Mazura died on 23 January 2020 in Mannheim, Germany at the age of 95.

Seamus Mallon

Seamus Frederick Mallon (; 17 August 1936 – 24 January 2020) was an Irish Gaelic footballer and politician. He was deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland from 1998 to 2001 and Deputy Leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party from 1979 to 2001. He also was a Seanad Éireann in 1986 and MP from 1986 to 2005. 

Mallon was born in Markethill, Northern Ireland. He studied at St Mary's University College, Belfast. 

He first played club football for Middletown during the 1950s then with Keady Dwyers, Queen's University and Crossmaglen Rangers.

Mallon died in Markethill, County Armagh, Ireland on 24 January 2020 of cancer, aged 83.

Cohasset, Massachusetts

Cohasset is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,381.

Mistelbach District

Bezirk Mistelbach is a district of the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Marion County, Missouri

Marion County is a county in the northeastern U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Palmyra. In 2020, 28,525 people lived there.

Noble County, Indiana

Noble County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 47,457 people lived there. The county seat is Albion.

Mount Tengu

Mount Tengu is a mountain in Japan. It is named after a creature in Japanese folklore called the Tengu. It is the tallest mountain in the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group. 

Adolf Holl

Adolf Holl (13 May 1930 – 23 January 2020) was an Austrian Catholic writer and theologian. He was born in Vienna. He became a priest in 1954. He served as chaplain of the University of Vienna and as a lecturer in its department of Catholic theology. Because of clashes with church officials, he was suspended from his teaching and priestly duties in 1973. He wrote many books, including "Jesus in Bad Company" and "The Last Christian: A Biography of Francis of Assisi".

Holl died on 23 January 2020 in Döbling, Vienna. He was 89.

Sydney Cove

Sydney Cove is a small harbour in Sydney, New South Wales in Australia. When the Europeans arrived, they landed there. They arrived on the 26 of January, 1788.

Summit, New Jersey

Summit is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 22,719.

Linden, New Jersey

Linden is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 43,738.

Rahway, New Jersey

Rahway is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 29,556.

Westfield, New Jersey

Westfield is a town in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 31,032.

Union County, New Jersey

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 575,345. The county seat is Elizabeth.

Fred Schepisi

Frederic Alan Schepisi (born 26 December 1939) is an Australian movie director, producer and screenwriter. His credits include "The Devil's Playground" (1976), "The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith" (1978), "Plenty" (1985), "Roxanne" (1987), "Evil Angels" (1988), "The Russia House" (1990), "Mr. Baseball" (1992), "Six Degrees of Separation" (1993), "Fierce Creatures" (1997) and "Last Orders" (2001).

Schepisi was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He has been married three times and has seven children.

Robert Young (director)

Robert William Young (born 16 March 1933) is a British television and movie director. His credits include "Vampire Circus" (1972), "Soldier's Home" (1977), "Splitting Heirs" (1993), "Fierce Creatures" (1997) and "Blood Monkey" (2007). He also directed episodes of "Minder", "Bergerac" and "Jeeves and Wooster". Young was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.

Dana White

Dana Frederick White Jr. (born July 28, 1969) is an American businessman. He is the current president of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). The UFC is the largest mixed martial arts (MMA) organization in the world. Under the leadership of White, the UFC has become a multi-bullion dollar company and very popular across the globe. White's net worth is reportedly US $500 million.

White was born in Manchester, Connecticut. He grew up in Ware, Massachusetts. He has been married to Anne Stella since 1996. The couple have three children.

Manchester, Connecticut

Manchester is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 59,713.

Ware, Massachusetts

Ware is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 10,066.

Robert Archibald

Robert Michael Archibald (29 March 1980 – 23 January 2020) was a British professional basketball player. He played as a power forward and a center. Between 2002 and 2004, he played in the NBA for Memphis Grizzlies, Phoenix Suns, Orlando Magic and Toronto Raptors. He later played in Europe from 2004 for Valencia, Scavolini Pesaro, Joventut Badalona, Azovmash Mariupol, Unicaja Málaga and CAI Zaragoza.

Archibald played for both Scotland and Great Britain internationally. He played for Great Britain at Eurobasket 2011 and at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

Archibald was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire. He died on 23 January 2020 in Illinois, at the age of 39. At the time of his death, he lived in Lincoln Park, Chicago.

Joe Payne

Joseph Payne (1984 – January 2020) was an American heavy metal bassist and guitarist. He was born in Tampa, Florida. Until 2011, Payne played bass in the heavy metal band Divine Heresy. He was also a member of death metal band Nile from 2005 to 2007.

Payne died in January 2020 at the age of 35.

Benton County, Tennessee

Benton County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In 2020, 15,864 people lived there. The county seat is Camden.

Millennial Women

Millennial Women is a 1978 book containing several science fiction stories. All the stories are written by women and have a female character as the main character. Virginia Kidd edited the book. Themes in the stories are: feelings about what is alien or other, uses of language, careers, Family relationships, sexual politics, how society creates gender, political freedom and equality.




Duje Bonačić

Duje Bonačić (10 April 1929 – 24 January 2020) was a Croatian rower. He won a gold medal in the coxless four event at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Bonačić was born in Split.

Bonačić died in Split on 24 January 2020 after a short illness, aged 90.

Justice Pain

Christopher Wilson (May 16, 1978 – January 24, 2020) was an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name, Justice Pain. Pain was best known for his time in Combat Zone Wrestling, as well as Xtreme Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Unplugged. He had many titles in his CZW career and was the real life brother of CZW wrestler and former tag team partner Nick Gage. 

Pain died in Yonkers, New York on January 24, 2020 at the age of 41.


Leila Janah

Leila Janah (October 9, 1982 – January 24, 2020) was an American businesswoman. She was the Founder and CEO of Samasource and LXMI. She was also the author of "Give Work: Reversing Poverty One Job at a Time" and co-author of "America's Moment: Creating Opportunity in the Connected Age". Janah was born in Lewiston, New York.

Janah died on January 24, 2020 in San Francisco, California from a rare-form of soft-tissue sarcoma, aged 37.

Lewiston (town), New York

Lewiston is a town in Niagara County, New York United States. The population was 15,944 at the 2020 census.

The Town of Lewiston is on the western border of the county. The Village of Lewiston is within the town.

Lewiston (village), New York

Lewiston is a village in Niagara County, New York, United States. The population was 2,531 at the 2020 census. 

The village is named after Morgan Lewis, an early 19th-century governor of New York. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The town supervisor is Steve Broderick. The village mayor is Anne Welch.

Morgan Lewis

Morgan Lewis (October 16, 1754 – April 7, 1844) was an American lawyer, politician, and military commander. He was in the New York State Assembly (1789, 1792) and the New York State Senate (1811–1814) and was State Attorney General (1791–1801) and Governor of New York (1804–1807). 

Elizabeth Bruenig

Elizabeth Bruenig (née Stoker; born December 6, 1990), also known as Liz Bruenig, is an American writer. She works as an opinion writer for "The New York Times". She worked as an opinion writer and editor for "The Washington Post", writing about ethics, politics, theology, and economics.

Tottenham Marshes

The Tottenham Marshes are in Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey. The marshes cover over and became part of the Lee Valley Park in 1972. The marsh has three main areas: Clendish Marsh, Wild Marsh West and Wild Marsh East. The River Lea flows between Wild Marsh West and East.

The marshes are one of the last examples of semi-natural wetland in Greater London. They contain many plants such as neutral grassland types, sedge marsh, reed swamp, sallow scrub and areas of tall herb vegetation. Plants and animals that are rare in other parts of London live here.
Plants

Many species of plants are in the marsh including:

Butterflies


Birds



Armando Uribe

Armando Uribe Arce (28 October 1933 – 22 January 2020) was a Chilean writer, poet, lawyer and diplomat. He was born in Santiago. He served as Chile's ambassador to the People's Republic of China from 1971 to 1973. He published many works on politics, religion, criminal law and mining. He was a member of the Chilean Academy of Language and the Royal Spanish Academy. Uribe won his country's National Prize for Literature in 2004.

Uribe died on 22 January 2020 in Santiago. He was 86.

The Stage

The Stage is a British weekly newspaper and website about theatre. It was first printed in 1880. It contains news, reviews, opinion, features, and job adverts, for people who work in theatre and the performing arts.

The first edition of "The Stage" was published (under the title "The Stage Directory – a London and Provincial Theatrical Advertiser") on 1 February 1880 at a cost of 3 old pence for twelve pages. Publication was monthly until 25 March 1881. It was then printed weekly. The name was shortened to "The Stage" and the publication numbering restarted at number 1.

"The Stage" competed with other theatre newspapers (including "The Era"). The price was dropped to one penny and was soon the only remaining theatre newspaper.

The newspaper has remained in family ownership. Upon the death in 1937 of Charles Carson's son Lionel, who had assumed the joint role of managing director and editor, control passed to the Comerford family. The current managing director, Hugh Comerford, is founder Maurice's great-grandson.

In 1959 "The Stage" was changed to "The Stage and Television Today". It had a pull-out supplement of TV news and features. Derek Hoddinott, the main paper's TV editor, became editor of the new supplement.

In 1995, TV coverage was put back into the main paper. The name changed back to "The Stage".

In 2006, the paper introduced a blog on television, named "TV Today".

From 1995, the newspaper has awarded The Stage Awards for Acting Excellence at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.

In 2004, 96-year-old contributor Simon Blumenfeld was recognised by "Guinness World Records" as the world's oldest weekly newspaper columnist. The column continued until shortly before his death in 2005.

In 2010, The Stage Awards were started. They are given each year. They recognise outstanding organisations working in theatre and beyond. They have the following categories: London theatre, regional theatre, producer, school, fringe theatre, theatre building, unsung hero and international.

In August 2013 "The Stage" started The Stage Castings, an online casting service with a video audition function.

In May 2019, "The Stage" partnered with the Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation and UK Theatre to start Get Into Theatre, a website dedicated to theatre careers.

In 1956, writer John Osborne submitted his script for "Look Back in Anger" in response to an advertisement by the soon-to-be-launched Royal Court Theatre.

Dusty Springfield responded to an advertisement for female singers in 1958.

Harold Pinter gained his first job after responding to an advert in The Stage

In April 1981 the Editorial of The Stage announced the founding of Internationalist Theatre founded by Angelique Rockas with patron Athol Fugard implementing "a multi-racial drama policy, with an even mix of performers drawn from different cultural groups", starting with the revival of the London performance of Genet`s The Balcony.

Ricky Tomlinson responded to an ad for "United Kingdom", another "Play for Today", in 1981.

Television presenter Maggie Philbin won her first major role, as a co-presenter of "Multi-Coloured Swap Shop", after answering an advertisement in "The Stage".

A number of pop groups have recruited all or some of their members through advertisements placed in the newspaper, most notably the Spice Girls in 1994, Scooch in 1998 and 5ive in 1997.

Lee Mead got his first professional job, working on a cruise ship, through a recruitment ad in the paper.

Television presenter Ben Shephard auditioned for GMTV children's show Diggit following an advert in "The Stage". While he did not get the part, he met Andi Peters, who subsequently hired him for the Channel 4 youth strand T4.

Charles Dance landed his first role in a Welsh theatre after seeing an advert in The Stage.

Alexandra Burke stated in an interview her family purchased the paper to find auditions when she was starting out: "My mum used to buy "The Stage" all the time for auditions for me. That’s how I got to go on [BBC TV talent show] "Star for a Night" with Jane McDonald."

Olivier Award-winning actor Sharon D Clarke found her first role at Battersea Arts Centre through an audition advert in the paper.

Lisa Scott-Lee revealed pop band Steps were formed through an advert in The Stage.

Sir Michael Caine stated in an interview with Steve Wright on BBC Radio 2 that at the beginning of his career he applied for acting roles he found in The Stage newspaper


The paper's full content from 1880 to 2007 is available digitally via subscription.


Screen One

Screen One is a British television anthology drama series, produced by BBC Studios and distributed by BBC Worldwide. It was shown on BBC1 between 1991 and 1998. Sixty films were made over six series. Some were shown as stand-alone specials. 

The BBC's "Play for Today" ran from 1970 to 1984. After it ended, Kenneth Trodd was asked to make a new series of one-off television dramas. These became "Screen Two". They were shown on BBC2 in 1985. "Play for Today" had often been a studio-based form of theatre on television. "Screen Two" was shot entirely on film.

In 1989, the series was adapted for more mainstream audiences on BBC1 as "Screen One". It followed the lead taken by Channel 4, whose television films had later been released in Cinemas. "Screen One" had actors familiar to television and film audiences, including Alfred Molina, Sean Bean, David Thewlis, Ray Winstone, Alan Bates, Judi Dench, James Fox, Keith Allen, Bob Peck, Alun Armstrong, Marina Sirtis, David Jason, Brenda Blethyn, James Bolam, Adrian Edmondson, Alison Steadman, Timothy West, Clive Russell and Janet McTeer. Several actors also made their on-screen debuts during the series, including Keira Knightley in the fifth series episode "Royal Celebration". 

In 1993, the BBC moved away from single dramas to make series and serials. In 1994, "Screen One" was a six-episode series. This was the last full-length series of "Screen One". Eight one-off specials followed. The last one was shown on 15 February 1998.


Ewen Bremner

Ewen Bremner (born 11 December 1970) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for his role as Daniel "Spud" Murphy in "Trainspotting" (1996) and its sequel "T2 Trainspotting" (2017). His other credits include "Naked" (1993), "Snatch" (2000), "Pearl Harbor" (2001), "Black Hawk Down" (2001), "Alien vs. Predator" (2004) and "Wonder Woman" (2017).

Bremner was born in Portobello, Edinburgh. He has a daughter with actress Marcia Rose.

Irvine Welsh

Irvine Welsh (born 27 September 1958) is a Scottish writer. He is a novelist, playwright and short story writer. He is best known for his novel "Trainspotting" (1993). It was made into a 1996 movie of the same name. He has also written novels such as "Filth" (1998), "Glue" (2001), "Porno" (2002), "The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs" (2006), "Crime" (2008), "Skagboys" (2012) and "The Sex Lives of Siamese Twins" (2014). His 2008 novel "Crime" was adapted into a British TV series in 2021. This was the first TV adaptation ever made out of a book by Irvine Welsh.

Welsh was born in Leith, Edinburgh. He has been married twice. Both marriages ended in divorce. He lives in the United States.


Robert Carlyle

Robert Carlyle (born 14 April 1961) is a Scottish actor. His movie work includes "Trainspotting" (1996), "The Full Monty" (1997), "The World Is Not Enough" (1999), "Angela's Ashes" (1999), "The 51st State" (2001) and "T2 Trainspotting" (2017). He television credits include "Hamish Macbeth", "Stargate Universe", "Human Trafficking" and "Once Upon a Time". He won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for "The Full Monty" and a Gemini Award for "Stargate Universe".

Carlyle was born in Maryhill, Glasgow. He has been married to Anastasia Shirley since 1997. The couple have three children. He is a supporter of Rangers Football Club.

Taron Egerton

Taron David Egerton (born 10 November 1989) is a Welsh actor. His movie credits include "" (2014), "Testament of Youth" (2014), "Legend" (2015), "Eddie the Eagle" (2016), "" (2017) and "Rocketman" (2019). For his role as Elton John in "Rocketman", he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. He has also appeared in the miniseries "Watership Down" (2018) and in the Apple TV+ film "Tetris" (2023).

Egerton was born in Birkenhead, Merseyside. At a young age, he moved to Llanfairpwllgwyngyll on the Welsh island of Anglesey. He later lived in Aberystwyth from the age of 12.

Noam Murro

Noam Murro (born 16 August 1961) is an Israeli movie director and producer. He was born in Jerusalem. He is best known for directing the movies "Smart People" (2008) and "" (2014). He also directed the 2018 miniseries "Watership Down".

Middletown, Indiana

Middletown is a town in Henry County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 2,253.

Middletown, Maryland

Middletown is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 4,943.

Middletown, Delaware

Middletown is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 23,192.

Middletown, Missouri

Middletown is a city in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 171.

Montgomery City, Missouri

Montgomery City is a city in and the county seat of Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 2,811.

Montgomery County, Missouri

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 11,322. The county seat is Montgomery City.

Alekseyevsky District (Tatarstan)

Alekseyevsky District is a district in Tatarstan. It is near the Kama River. Russian, Tatar, Chuvash, Mordva and other people live here. There is a famous holy spring and ruins of an ancient Bilyar town here.

Alpena, Michigan

Alpena is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Alpena County. In 2020, 10,197 people lived there.


Alpena County, Michigan

Alpena County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 28,907 people live here. The county seat is Alpena.

Harrisville, Michigan

Harrisville is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Alcona County. In 2020 census, 437 people lived there.

Horki

Horki (, , , ) is a town in Belarus. Horki is the administrative center of Horki District. In 2009, 32,777 people lived there.

Oscoda County, Michigan

Oscoda County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 8,219 people live here. The county seat is Mio.

Mio, Michigan

Mio is the county seat of Oscoda County, Michigan, United States.

Benton County, Missouri

Benton County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Warsaw. In 2020, 19,394 people lived there.

Warsaw, Missouri

Warsaw is a city in and the county seat of Benton County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 2,209.

Linn County, Missouri

Linn County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Linneus. In 2020, 11,874 people lived there.

Cactus, Texas

Cactus is a city in Texas in the United States.

Springfield, Nebraska

Springfield is a city in Sarpy County, Nebraska.

Douglas County, Missouri

Douglas County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Ava. In 2020, 11,578 people lived there.

Osceola County, Michigan

Osceola County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 22,891 people live here. The county seat is Reed City.

Reed City, Michigan

Reed City is a city in Michigan. In 2020, 2,490 people lived there. The city is the county seat of Osceola County, in the United States.

Dallas County, Missouri

Dallas County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Buffalo. In 2020, 17,071 people lived there.

Buffalo, Missouri

Buffalo is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Dallas County. In 2020, 3,290 people lived there.

Setsuko Inoue

Setsuko Inoue is a female Japanese retired volleyball player. She was born September 16, 1946 in Kanagawa Prefecture. In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the summer Olympics in Mexico City. She played all seven matches. Her name in Japanese is .


Jordan Sinnott

Jordan James Sinnott (14 February 1994 – 25 January 2020) was an English footballer. He played as a midfielder. His father, Lee Sinnott, captained Huddersfield Town.

Sinnott was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire. His professional career lasted from 2012 until his death in 2020. He played for Huddersfield Town, Altrincham, Bury, Halifax Town, Chesterfield, Alfreton Town and Matlock Town during his career.

On 25 January 2020, Sinnott was found beaten in Retford, Nottinghamshire. He died later that day at the age of 25.

List of countries and territories where French is an official language

French is an official language in 29 independent nations. The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where French is an official or "de facto" language.

This table shows the populations of the countries, not the number of French speakers.
Note: Louisiana, Maine and Quebec are classified as integral parts of the United States and Canada and are thus not a part of this list.

Suckless.org

suckless.org is a group of programmers that work on minimalist (small) free software. The software is made to be as simple as possible. The group makes programs that closely follow the UNIX philosophy of "doing one thing and doing it well".

Anselm R. Garbe started the suckless community.

In 2007, Garbe said there's a need for a "Plan 9 lover's and C hacker Ubuntu" which comes with the tools needed to create code in C. He suggested calling it 9ubuntu. Later, suckless made stali (Static Linux). Stali is an operating system with statically linked programs that can be run. It adheres to the suckless rules.

The program making team follows the rule that "worse is better". They follow the KISS principle ("Keep it simple, stupid").


In 2013, the suckless.org community started planning yearly meet-ups.

In 2015, the legal entity suckless.org e.V. was created. It was created during a suckless meet-up. Its goal is helping suckless.org and other open source projects.



Sesamum

Sesamum is a genus of about 20 species in the flowering plant family Pedaliaceae. The plants are annual or perennial herbs with edible seeds. The best-known member of the genus is sesame, Sesamum indicum (syn. Sesamum orientale), the source of sesame seeds.

Species include:

2019 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2019 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's 70th season in the National Football League. The team won 13 games and lost 3 games. They have hosted their first playoff game at Levi's Stadium against the Minnesota Vikings, a game they won 27-10. The next week, they defeated the Green Bay Packers (13 wins and 3 losses) 37-20 in the NFC Championship game. The team has reached Super Bowl LIV, their first Super Bowl appearance since Super Bowl XLVII against the Baltimore Ravens. However, the team lost 20-31 in the Super Bowl to the Kansas City Chiefs.

Vikramaditya

Vikramaditya was a significant emperor of ancient India. He was the ideal king, known for his generosity, courage, and support of learning. Vikramaditya is mentioned by an Islamic poet Bintoi in his book Sayar-Ul-Okul on page number 315.

"Vikramaditya" was a common title used by several Indian kings (particularly Chandragupta II).

Mount Bulusan

Mount Bulusan is an active volcano located in the Sorsogon, Bicol Region, South of the Island of Luzon.

Ibsen Pinheiro

Ibsen Valls Pinheiro (5 July 1935 – 24 January 2020) was a Brazilian politician, journalist and lawyer. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement. He was Federal Deputy for the Federal District between 1983 and 1994 and again from 2003 to 2011. He also served as President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 to 1993. He was president of the chamber during the impeachment of Fernando Collor de Mello.

Pinheiro was born in São Borja, Rio Grande do Sul. On 24 January 2020, he died of a cardiac arrest in Porto Alegre. He was 84.

Gmünd District

The Gmünd District is a district in the state of 
Lower Austria in Austria. It is in the northwestern region of Waldviertel.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Haslau bei Birkfeld

Haslau bei Birkfeld is a former municipality of the district Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it is part of the municipality Birkfeld.

Chariton County, Missouri

Chariton County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Keytesville. In 2020, 7,408 people lived there.

Birmingham Mail

The Birmingham Mail (called the Black Country Mail in the Black Country) is a tabloid newspaper based in Birmingham, England. It is distributed around Birmingham, the Black Country, and Solihull and parts of Warwickshire, Worcestershire and Staffordshire. It is published Monday to Saturday.

The newspaper started as the "Birmingham Daily Mail" in 1870.
It was called the "Birmingham Evening Mail" from 1967 until October 2005. 

The "Sunday Mercury" is a sister paper published on a Sunday.

The newspaper is owned by Reach plc. Reach Plc also own the "Daily Mirror" and the "Birmingham Post". 

The "Birmingham Mail" editor is Marc Reeves. He is also editor-in-chief of the "Birmingham Post," the "Sunday Mercury," and their sister website BirminghamLive. 

From 2009 to 2014, the editor of the newspaper was David Brookes.

The print editor of the "Birmingham Mail" and the "Sunday Mercury" is Paul Cole.

In December 2018, the daily circulation of the paper was 14,458.


Mamadyshsky District

Mamadysh district is a district in Tatarstan. There are the Kama ("Chulman") and Vyatka ("Noqrat") rivers here. Tatar, Russian, Mari, Udmurt and other people live here. There is a newspaper in Tatar and Russian languages in the district.

Screenonline

Screenonline is a website about the history of British movie and television. It also covers social history as documented by film and television. The project is developed by the British Film Institute. It is paid for by a £1.2 million grant from the National Lottery New Opportunities Fund.

The site has reviews on: 
Libraries and educational institutions can also download clips or full episodes of television programmes.


3D Brick Breaker Revolution

3D Brick Breaker Revolution is a game for iOS and Windows Phone 7 that was made by Digital Chocolate. It came out on March 27, 2009 for iOS, and on Windows Phone 7 on December 1, 2010. The version for Windows Phone 7 can work with the Leaderboard and Achievement features of Xbox Live.

Brick Breaker Revolution 3D is a game that is like Arkanoid. Players destroy bricks and boss battles using weapons and a ball. There are three game modes: classic mode, revolution mode, and time attack. The game has power-ups that are collected as they drop down the screen during levels. 


Spassky District, Republic of Tatarstan

Spassky district is a district in Tatarstan. It is near the river Volga ("Idel"). Russian, Tatar, Chuvash and other people live here. There is a newspaper in Tatar and Russian languages in the district. A children's book author Abdulla Alish comes from this district.

Induction heating

Induction heating is a form of heating an electrically conductive material through the use of Eddy current. Eddy currents use a changing magnetic field. That way, heat can be transferred over short distances without the objects actually touching.

Lineal championship

In combat sports where champions are decided by a challenge, the lineal championship of a weight class is a world championship title held initially by an undisputed champion and subsequently by a fighter who defeats the reigning champion in a match at that weight class. In professional boxing, the lineal champion is informally called "the man who beat the man".

Champions recognized by sanctioning bodies such as the World Boxing Association (WBA), World Boxing Council (WBC), or the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) may vacate their title voluntarily, or be stripped of the title for breaching the sanctioning body's regulations or contracts. There will thus be a breach of continuity in the list of sanctioned champions which the lineal championship is intended to prevent. However, there is no single canonical list of lineal champions at any weight class, because there is no agreed upon method of determining the starting point for each lineage and conflicting opinions on what to do when the current champion retires or moves to a different weight class, although there is agreement that any stripping of a title be discounted.

ASMR

Autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR, sometimes auto sensory meridian response) is a tingling sensation. It often starts on the scalp, and moves down the back of the neck and upper spine. It is an unusual feeling which has no obvious physical cause. (paresthesia) It has been compared with auditory-tactile synesthesia.

People who experience ASMR have a "low-grade euphoria". which means they like it. It has "a combination of positive feelings and a distinct static-like tingling sensation on the skin". ASMR is often set off by some auditory or visual stimuli. There are videos which try to stimulate ASMR: over 13 million are on YouTube.

Boone County, Missouri

Boone County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Columbia. In 2020, 183,610 people lived there. The University of Missouri is in the county.

Scotland County, Missouri

Scotland County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Memphis. In 2020, 4,716 people lived there. The county was organized on January 29, 1841, and named for Scotland.

Memphis, Missouri

Memphis is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Scotland County. In 2020, 1,731 people lived there.

St. Francois County, Missouri

St. Francois County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Farmington. In 2020, 66,922 people lived there.

Pulaski County, Missouri

Pulaski County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Waynesville. In 2020, 53,955 people lived there.

Monroe County, Missouri

Monroe County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Paris. In 2020, 8,666 people lived there.

Oregon, Missouri

Oregon is a city in and the county seat of Holt County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 837.

Amelia County, Virginia

Amelia County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 13,265 people lived there. The county seat is Amelia Courthouse.

Nottoway County, Virginia

Nottoway County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 15,642 people lived there. The county seat is Nottoway.

Progressive muscular atrophy

Progressive muscular atrophy (PMA) is a rare subtype of motor neuron disease (MND) that affects only the lower motor neurons. PMA is thought to be 4% of all motor neurone disease cases. 

This is in different to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), the most common form of MND, which affects both the upper and lower motor neurones, or primary lateral sclerosis, another rare MND variant, which affects only the upper motor neurons. 

Michou

Michel Georges Alfred Catty (18 June 1931 – 26 January 2020), known as Michou, was a French singer, drag artist and owner of Chez Michou in Montmartre.

In 1973 he also played the part of Beauchamp in the TV series "Molière pour rire et pour pleurer" directed by Marcel Camus. He was also the subject of Jean Luret's documentary "L'intrigant destin d’un Transformiste". In the 1980s, he was regularly invited on French TV.

He was made a chevalier de la Légion d'honneur in 2005. He was born in Amiens.

Michou died at a hospital of a pulmonary embolism on 26 January 2020 in the Paris suburb of Saint-Mandé, aged 88.

Guy Arnold

Guy Arnold (6 May 1932 – 4 January 2020) was a British explorer, travel writer, political writer and specialist in north-south relations. He wrote mainly in the areas of African history, politics, and international affairs. He lectured and taught courses on international affairs for over thirty years, at the Workers’ Educational Association and the University of Surrey.

Arnold died in London of dementia-related problems on 4 January 2020, aged 87.

Norman Amadio

Albert Norman Benedict "Norm" Amadio (April 14, 1928 – January 21, 2020) was a Canadian jazz pianist, piano teacher, music coach, composer, arranger, session player, band leader and accompanist. 

For a span of fifty years he worked for the CBC as an orchestra leader and musical director. In 1956, he became the first and only Canadian to play at the original Birdland in New York City and while playing opposite Duke Ellington.

Sean Reinert

Sean Reinert (May 27, 1971 – January 24, 2020) was an American musician, songwriter and drummer of Æon Spoke. He was also the drummer and founding member of Cynic, until leaving the band in September 2015. 

In May 2014, he came out as gay.

Reinert died on January 24, 2020 in San Bernardino, California at the age of 48.

Narciso Parigi

Narciso Parigi (29 November 1927 – 25 January 2020) was an Italian actor and singer. He was born in Campi Bisenzio, Italy. He participated in the Festival di Napoli in 1963 with Nunzio Gallo. He sang the song "Annamaria". He appeared in Italian television programs such as "Ci vediamo in TV" and "Mezzogiorno in famiglia".

Parigi died on 25 January 2020 in Florence, Italy at the age of 92.

Stephen R. Reed

Stephen Russell Reed (August 9, 1949 – January 25, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was the longest-serving mayor of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was re-elected to seven four-year terms, from 1982 to 2010. After leaving office, Reed faced charges on nearly 500 counts of theft, fraud and corruption. He pled guilty to 20 charges and was sentenced to probation. He was born in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.

Reed died in Harrisburg on January 25, 2020 of prostate cancer at the age of 70.


Maharaj Kishan Bhan

Maharaj Kishan Bhan (9 November 1947 – 26 January 2020) was an Indian pediatrician and clinical scientist. He made post doctoral research at All India Institute of Medical Sciences in the areas of diarrheal diseases and child nutrition. He was the president of the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education & Research (JIPMER).

Vsevolod Chaplin

Vsevolod Chaplin (; 31 March 1968 in Moscow — 26 January 2020 in Moscow) was a Russian celibate priest of the Russian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate). He was the chairman of the Synodal Department for the Cooperation of Church and Society of the Moscow Patriarchate from 2009 to December 2015.

Chaplin was a member of the Civic Chamber of the Russian Federation and rector of St. Nicholas on the Three Hills Church, Moscow. 

Nathaniel R. Jones

Nathaniel Raphael Jones (May 12, 1926 – January 26, 2020) is an American judge and politician. He was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit before his retirement in March 2002. He was general counsel of the NAACP.

Jones was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on August 28, 1979, to a seat vacated by John Weld Peck. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 4, 1979, and received commission on October 5, 1979. He was promoted to senior status on May 13, 1995. Jones retired from the bench on March 30, 2002.

Jones died on January 26, 2020 in Cincinnati, Ohio at the age of 93 from congestive heart failure.

Tom Belsø

Tom Belsø (27 August 1942 – 11 January 2020) was a motor racing driver. He was thought to be as the first Formula One driver from Denmark. Belsø qualified a Formula One Iso-Marlboro for the Frank Williams Racing Cars team at the 1973 Swedish Grand Prix.

On 11 January 2020 Belsø died from stomach cancer; he was 77 years old.

Pat Danner

Patsy Ann "Pat" Danner (born January 13, 1934) is an American politician. She formerly represented the Missouri's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1993 through 2001. 

William Vollie Alexander Jr.

William Vollie Alexander Jr. (born January 16, 1934) is a retired American politician. He represented the U.S. state of Arkansas in the United States House of Representatives from 1969 to 1993. He was promoted to the post of Chief Deputy Majority Whip.


Buddy Leach

Anthony Claude Leach, Jr., known as Buddy Leach (March 30, 1934 – August 6, 2022) was an American businessman and Democratic politician. For one term, he was a U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district. He also was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives and as chairman of the Louisiana Democratic Party.

In 2003, he was a candidate for governor of Louisiana.

Leach died on August 6, 2022 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana from heart failure at the age of 88.

Norman D. Shumway

Norman David Shumway (born July 28, 1934 ) is an American Republican politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 14th congressional district from 1979 to 1991.


Blanche Lincoln

Blanche Meyers Lambert Lincoln (born September 30, 1960) is an American politician and lawyer. She was a U.S. Senator from Arkansas from 1999 to 2011. She was a member of the Democratic Party.

She was the first woman elected to the Senate from Arkansas and was the youngest woman ever elected to the Senate. She was in the U.S. House of Representatives, representing from 1993 to 1997.

Helena, Arkansas

Helena is the eastern portion of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, a city in Phillips County, Arkansas.

As of the 2000 census, this portion of the city population was 6,323. Helena was the county seat of Phillips County until January 1, 2006, when it merged its government and city limits with neighboring West Helena.

The Impossible (2012 movie)

The Impossible () is a 2012 English-language Spanish disaster drama movie directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Sergio G. Sánchez. It is based on the experience of María Belón and her family in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. The cast includes Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor and Tom Holland.

The film had positive reviews from critics for its direction and its acting. Watts was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.

Max Linder

Gabriel-Maximilien Leuvielle (16 December 18831 November 1925), known professionally as Max Linder (), was a French actor, director, screenwriter, producer and comedian of the silent film era. He was known aas the "first international movie star" and "the first film star anywhere".

Eli Roth

Eli Raphael Roth (born April 18, 1972) is an American director, producer, writer, and actor. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts, to Cora (Bialis), a painter, and Sheldon H. Roth, a psychoanalyst, psychiatrist, and clinical professor. His family is Jewish. He is known for directing horror movies, such as "Cabin Fever" (2003) and "Hostel" (2005). He also directed the action movie "Death Wish" (2018), a remake of the 1974 original. 

As an actor, Roth starred as Donny "The Bear Jew" Donowitz in Quentin Tarantino's war movie "Inglourious Basterds" (2009), for which he received a Critic's Choice Movie Award and a SAG Award.

Joe Bryant

Joseph Washington "Jellybean" Bryant (born October 19, 1954) is an American retired professional basketball player, current coach, and the father of the former Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant. 

Bryant was the head coach of the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks from August 22, 2005, until April 4, 2007. He returned to that position for the remainder of the 2011 WNBA season after Jennifer Gillom was fired by the Los Angeles Sparks on July 10, 2011. 

Bryant has also coached in Italy, Japan and Thailand.

Itta Bena, Mississippi

Itta Bena is a city in Leflore County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,679 at the 2020 census. The town's name comes from the Choctaw phrase "iti bina", meaning "forest camp". 

Cefalù Cathedral

The Cathedral of Cefalù () is a Roman Catholic basilica in Cefalù, Sicily. It is one of nine structures included in the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as Arab-Norman Palermo and the Cathedral Churches of Cefalù and Monreale.

The cathedral was built in 1131 in the Norman architectural style. The island of Sicily had been conquered by the Normans in 1091. According to tradition, the king of Sicily, Roger II, made a vow to build a cathedral, after he escaped from a storm to land on the city's beach. The building has a fortress-like character and dominates the skyline of the surrounding medieval town. It made a powerful statement of the Norman presence.

The cathedral was built in an area, where peopke had lived for a long time. Today, a Roman road and aearly Christian mosaic show this. Construction began in 1131, the apse mosaics were begun in 1145, and the sarcophagi that Roger II provided for his tomb and that of his wife were put in place the same year. After 1172 the church suffered a period of decline. In 1215 Frederick II of Hohenstaufen moved the two sarcophagi to the Cathedral of Palermo. Construction of the cathedral was resumed soon after, the façade ws completed in 1240. The cathedral was consecrated in 1267 by Rodolphe de Chevriêres, Bishop of Albano.

In 1472 a portico, by Ambrogio da Como, was added between the two towers of the facade.

Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean

The Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean ( or "Îles Éparses de l'océan Indien") is the name for five uninhabited islands in the Indian Ocean. They are off the African coast, some are close to Madagascar. There is a weather station on some of these islands. They are administered by France, Madagascar claims some of them.

Kazuo Sakurada

, better known as Mr. Sakurada, The Dragonmaster, and as the Japanese version of , was a Japanese professional wrestler. He was best known for his work in Stampede Wrestling, National Wrestling Alliance, and World Championship Wrestling. 

On January 11, 2020, Sakurada died at age 71 due to arrhythmia.

James Stockdale

James Bond Stockdale (December 23, 1923 – July 5, 2005) was a United States Navy vice admiral and aviator. He was awarded the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam War, during which he was a prisoner of war for over seven years.

He was President of the Naval War College from October 1977 until he retired from the Navy in 1979. As Vice Admiral, Stockdale became the President for The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina. Stockdale held this position from 1979 to 1980.

Stockdale was a candidate for Vice President of the United States in the 1992 presidential election, on Ross Perot's independent ticket.



Anne Arundel County, Maryland

Anne Arundel County (), also notated as AA or A.A. County, is a county located in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 United States Census, its population was 588,261. Its county seat is Annapolis.

Miami County, Ohio

Miami County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 108,774. Its county seat is Troy. The county is named for an Indian word of disputed meaning.

Troy, Ohio

Troy is a city in and the county seat of Miami County, Ohio, United States located north of Dayton. The population was 26,305 at the 2020 census.

Clark County, Ohio

Clark County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 136,001. Its county seat is Springfield. The county was created on March 1, 1818. It was named for General George Rogers Clark, a hero of the American Revolution.

Darke County, Ohio

Darke County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 51,881. Its county seat is Greenville. The county was created in 1809. It is named for William Darke, an officer in the American Revolutionary War.

Matthew Quashie

Vice Admiral Mathew Quashie (23 March 1951 – 9 January 2020) was a Ghanaian naval officer. He was the twenty-ninth Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces from 2013 through 2016. He also was the Chief of Naval Staff of the Ghana Navy from 3 April 2009 to 28 March 2013. He was born in Accra.

Quashie died at an Accra hospital on 9 January 2020 from an illness at the age of 68.

Lina Ben Mhenni

Lina Ben Mhenni (; May 22, 1983 – January 27, 2020) was a Tunisian Internet activist, blogger and assistant lecturer. She worked in linguistics at Tunis University. 

In January 2011, she covered the early weeks of the Tunisian Revolution from Sidi Bouzid Governorate in the interior of the country. In 2011, Ben Mhenni was reported to have been a candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize, for her works and activism during the Tunisian Revolution.

Mhenni died on January 27, 2020 of a stroke caused by an autoimmune disease at a hospital in Tunis, aged 36.

Zvi Dershowitz

Zvi Dershowitz (May 4, 1928 — March 26, 2023) is an Czech-born American rabbi. He is the Rabbi Emeritus at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles. He was born in Brno, Czechoslovakia. He helped Iranian Jews who were fleeing their country get entry to the United States in 1979.

In 1973, Dershowitz became associate rabbi at Sinai Temple. He would remain in that role for 25 years before becoming the synagogue's Rabbi Emeritus in 1998.

Dershowitz is related to Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz. He died on March 26, 2023, at the age of 94.

Todd Portune

Todd Portune (August 14, 1958 – January 25, 2020) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was a member of the Cincinnati City Council and as a Hamilton County Commissioner from 2001 through 2019. Portune was known to be socially liberal and fiscally conservative. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. 

In 2003, he was diagnosed with spinal cancer. His spinal tumour burst causing paralysis of his legs and his left leg to be amputated. After years in remission, the cancer returned in 2019 and metastasized. He announced his political retirement in September 2019.

Portune died from the disease on January 25, 2020 in Cincinnati at the age of 61.

Remission

Remission often refers to:

Remission may also refer to:





Remission (medicine)

Remission is either the disappearance or lowering signs and symptoms of a disease, usually used with cancer.

A remission may be considered a partial remission or a complete remission. But even with complete remission, some signs of the disease also persist.

Remission can be accompanied by asymptomatic carrier.

Joe Altobelli

Joseph Salvatore Altobelli (May 26, 1932 – March 3, 2021) was an American player, manager and coach in Major League Baseball. 

In 1983, he replaced Hall of Famer Earl Weaver as manager of the Baltimore Orioles and led the team to their sixth American League pennant and their third (and most recent) World Series championship.

In 2009, Altobelli ended his involvement in professional baseball.

Altobelli died on March 2, 2021 in Rochester, New York at the age of 88.

Newark, Ohio

Newark is a city in and the county seat of Licking County, Ohio, United States, east of Columbus. The population was 49,934 at the 2020 census, which makes it the 18th largest city in Ohio.

Licking County, Ohio

Licking County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 178,519. Its county seat is Newark. The county was formed on January 30, 1808.

Delaware County, Ohio

Delaware County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 214,124. Its county seat is Delaware.

Fairfield County, Ohio

Fairfield County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 158,921. Its county seat is Lancaster.

Franklin County, Ohio

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of 2020, the population was 1,323,807, making it the most populous county in Ohio. Its county seat is Columbus, the state capital and most populous city in Ohio.

Dutch Flat, California

Dutch Flat (also, Dutchman's Flat, Dutch Charlie's Flat, and Charley's Flat) is a small unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Placer County, California, United States, about northeast of Auburn along Interstate 80.

Tallmadge, Ohio

Tallmadge (often mispronounced ) is a city in Summit and Portage counties in Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Akron. The population was 18,394 at the 2020 census. Tallmadge was founded in 1807.

Tyler Joseph

Tyler Robert Joseph (born December 1, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, rapper, and record producer. He is best known as the frontman for the musical duo Twenty One Pilots, alongside his bandmate Josh Dun.

As a member of Twenty One Pilots, he has been nominated for six Grammy Awards, from which he has won one of them.

In 2015, he married Jenna Black.

Jenna announced that the couple's first child, a daughter named Rosie Robert Joseph, was born on February 9, 2020. In 2021, they had their second daughter named Junie Belle Joseph.

Judah Folkman

Moses Judah Folkman (February 24, 1933 – January 14, 2008) was an American medical scientist. He studied tumor angiogenesis, how a tumor attracts blood vessels to feed itself and to live.

Wallace, North Carolina

Wallace is a town in Duplin and Pender counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The population was 3,413 at the 2020 census.

Duplin County, North Carolina

Duplin County () is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,715. Its county seat is Kenansville.

Kenansville, North Carolina

Kenansville is a town in Duplin County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 770 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Duplin County.

Pender County, North Carolina

Pender County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 60,203 people lived there. Its county seat is Burgaw.

The county was made in 1875 from New Hanover County.

Pender County is part of the local Cape Fear Council of Governments.

These counties are bordered to Pender County:

These communities are in Pender County:






Burgaw, North Carolina

Burgaw is a town and the county seat of Pender County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,088 at the 2020 census.

New Hanover County, North Carolina

New Hanover County is one of 100 counties located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 225,702.






Georgetown, Delaware

Georgetown is a town in and the county seat of Sussex County, Delaware, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of the town is 7,134.

Jefferson County, Georgia

Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,709. The county seat is Louisville. The county was created on February 20, 1796 and named for Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States.

Louisville, Georgia

Louisville is a city in Jefferson County, Georgia, United States. It is a former state capital of Georgia and is the county seat of Jefferson County. Its population was 2,381 at the 2020 census.

Carrollton, Georgia

Carrollton, Georgia is a city in the north west region of Georgia, about 45 miles (72 km) west of Atlanta near the Alabama state line. It is the county seat of Carroll County. The 2020 United States Census counted 26,738 people living in Carrollton.

Roopville, Georgia

Roopville is a town in Carroll County, Georgia, United States. The population was 231 at the 2020 census.

List of presidents of the Reichstag

The President of the Reichstag was the presiding officer of the German legislature from 1871 to 1918, under the German Empire and again from 1920 to 1945, under the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany.


Sir George Stokes, 1st Baronet

Sir George Gabriel Stokes, 1st Baronet, (; 13 August 1819 – 1 February 1903) was an Irish physicist and mathematician. He worked at the University of Cambridge, where he was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics from 1849 until his death in 1903. He was known for his Navier–Stokes equations.

Claude-Louis Navier

Claude-Louis Navier (born Claude Louis Marie Henri Navier; ; 10 February 1785 – 21 August 1836), was a French engineer, mathematician and physicist. His works were based in continuum mechanics.

The Navier–Stokes equations are named after him and George Gabriel Stokes.

Paul Löbe

Paul Löbe (14 December 1875 – 3 August 1967) was a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), who served as President of the Reichstag.

Reichsmarschall

Reichsmarschall, Marshal of the Reich (literal translation: "Empire" or "Realm"), was the highest rank in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II.


Erich Köhler

Erich Köhler (June 27, 1892 – October 23, 1958) was a German politician. He was the 1st President of the Bundestag from 7 September 1949 to 18 October 1950.

Alan Sieroty

Alan Gerald Sieroty (December 13, 1930 – March 16, 2024) is an American Democratic politician. He was born in Los Angeles. He was a member of the California Assembly from 1967 to 1977 and of the California Senate from 1977 through 1982.
Sieroty died March 16, 2024.


Minister President of Prussia

The office of Minister President (), or Prime Minister, of Prussia existed from 1848, when it was formed by the King Frederick William IV during the 1848–49 Revolution, until the abolition of Prussia in 1947 by the Allied Control Council.


Political Party:

Political Party:

Johannes Dieckmann

Johannes Dieckmann (19 January 1893 – 22 February 1969) was a German journalist and politician. As President of the People's Chamber ("Volkskammer"), he held the office of State President of East Germany on an acting basis in 1949 and again in 1960.

Leadership of East Germany

The political leadership of East Germany was in the hands of several offices.

! colspan=7|Joint Chairmen of the Socialist Unity Party
! colspan=7| General Secretary of the Central Committee

! colspan=7| (Honorary) Chairman of the Central Committee

On 1 December 1989, the People's Chamber removed the section of the East German Constitution granting the SED a monopoly of power—thus ending Communist rule in East Germany. Before the month was out, the SED transformed from a Leninist cadre party into a democratic socialist party, renaming itself first to Socialist Unity Party — Party of Democratic Socialism and later in the same year, to Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS). Hence, the party's subsequent leaders were no more leaders of East Germany than the leaders of other parties.


Rita Süssmuth

Rita Süssmuth (; born 17 February 1937) is a German politician and a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).



Kererū

The kererū ("Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae") is the only type of pigeon native to New Zealand. It is very big and easy to spot, and its wings make a loud sound when it flies. It is the only still-living New Zealand bird which can eat large fruits whole, and so is important for spreading the seeds of many native trees. Kererū were an important type of food for Māori. There are much fewer kererū now than before the Europeans arrived in New Zealand, mostly because the Europeans brought meat-eating animals like cats, ferrets, stoats, possums, and rats, and cut down a lot of the forest. Because there are not many kererū any more, it is against the law to hunt them.

'Kererū' is the most common name for this bird, but in some parts of the North Island it is called "kūkū" or "kūkupa." Kererū are also called "wood pigeon", but they are a different type of bird to the wood pigeon ("Columba palumbus") of the Northern Hemisphere.

Kererū are big and generally weigh between 550 and 850 grams. They have a white underbelly and dark green/blue head, shoulders, and wings. The green/blue colour is iridescent, meaning it is shiny and shows lots of different blues, greens, and purples in the sunlight.

Henotheism

Henotheism is the adherence to one particular god out of several, especially by a family, tribe, or other group.

Henotheism is sometimes defined as a monotheistic belief within a polytheistic world - believing that one god, or articulation of God, is better or clearer than others. Alternatively, henotheism is the worship of one god above an acknowledged pantheon. An example of this second form is the worship of a tribal god.

A henotheist would admit that many gods have real existence and are able to be worshipped. However the henotheist chooses to worship only one of these gods. This sets the henotheist apart from the polytheist who worships many gods.

Mikey North

Michael "Mikey" North (born 27 September 1986) is an English actor. He is best known for his role as Gary Windass in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2008 onwards.

Stephen Downes

Stephen Downes (born April 6, 1959) is a Canadian philosopher and expert in online learning and new media. Downes has worked with computers and online technologies in education since 1995. Downes gave the 2004 Buntine Oration. He spoke at the February 2007 Online Connectivism Conference. In 2008, Downes and George Siemens designed and taught an online, open course. It was called a "landmark in the small but growing push toward 'open teaching'" It is often called the first Massive open online course (MOOC).

Downes was born in Montreal, Quebec. He lived and worked many places in Canada before joining the National Research Council of Canada. He became a senior researcher there in November 2001. He moved to Casselman, Ontario. Downes became a researcher at the NRC's Digital Technologies Research Centre in Ottawa.

Downes won the Edublog Award for Best Individual Blog in 2005 for his blog OLDaily. Downes is Editor at Large of the International Journal of Instructional Technology and Distance Learning.

Downes ran for Mayor of Brandon in 1995. He was working at the Assiniboine Community College. Downes was a member of the New Democratic Party. In his campaign he wanted policies to the left of incumbent mayor Rick Borotsik.

Kamkata-viri language

Kamkata-viri is a language spoken by the Nuristani people of Afghanistan. It is composed of three different dialects. It is the most common language Nuristani people use. There are between 40.000 and 60.000 speakers. Many speakers of the language have a low literacy rate. One of the dialects is used for radio, in parts of Afghanistan. 

Second Industrial Revolution

The Second Industrial Revolution was a period when advances in steel production, electricity and petroleum caused a series of innovations that changed society. With the production of cost effective steel, railroads were expanded and more industrial machines were built. Women become a bigger part of the work industry, getting jobs as white collar workers including secretaries and clerks.

Also it was the period when many cities got clean water supplies. This controlled cholera epidemics and other water-carried diseases.

This revolution transformed much of the world. It was ended by World War I.

Ramganga

Ramganga is a tributary of the river Ganges that starts in the Uttarakhand state, India.

Olivia Cooke

Olivia Kate Cooke (born 27 December 1993) is an English actress. She is known for her starring role as Emma Decody in the A&E drama thriller series Bates Motel and as Becky Sharp in the period drama miniseries Vanity Fair.

Lepi Mića

Lepi Mića (born Miroslav Pržulj; March 26, 1959) is a Bosnian Serb turbofolk singer-songwriter. He started making music in Sarajevo in 1989 with his album "Рулет среће" (Roulette of luck). In 1990 he joined the Army of Republika Srpska and fought in the Bosnian War. In 1991, he left Bosnia and moved to Belgrade, where he got married. In 2013, he was invited to Season 5 of the RTV Pink reality show "Farma" (Farm), but later kicked off for hate speech. He was also invited to Season 7, which he lost, and he was invited to the show's sequel, "Zadruga". In his songs, he often complains about the Croatian and Bosnian governments. He has written nine albums, five of which were about the Yugoslav wars or Serbian nationalism.

Bob Shane

Robert Castle Schoen (February 1, 1934 – January 26, 2020), better known as Bob Shane, was an American singer and guitarist. He was a founding member of The Kingston Trio. As a member of this group, he became a important person in the rebirth of folk and other acoustic music as a popular art form in the U.S. in the late 1950s through the mid-1960s. He won two Grammy Awards with The Kingston Trio.

Shane was born in Hilo, Hawaii. He was married Louise Brandon for 23 years. The couple had five children. From 2000 until his death in 2020, Shane was married to Bobbie Childress.

Shane died on January 26, 2020 in Phoenix, Arizona of pneumonia-related problems. He was 85.

Hubert Mingarelli

Hubert Mingarelli (14 January 1956 – 26 January 2020) was a French writer. He was born in Mont-Saint-Martin, Lorraine. He won the Prix Medici in 2003 for his novel "Quatre Soldats" ("Four Soldiers"). The English translation of his novel "Un repas en hiver" ("A Meal in Winter") by Sam Taylor was nominated for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.

On 26 January 2020, Mingarelli died of cancer in Grenoble. He was 64.

Tor Obrestad

Tor Obrestad (12 February 1938 – 25 January 2020) was a Norwegian novelist, poet and documentary writer. He was born in Hå. He published his first two books in 1966. For these books, the poetry collection "Kollisjon" and a collection of short stories, "Vind", Obrestad won Tarjei Vesaas' debutantpris. He also wrote biographies on Arne Garborg, Hulda Garborg, Alexander Kielland and Einar Førde.

Obrestad died on 25 January 2020 in Nærbø. He was 81.

Bob Falkenburg

Robert Falkenburg (January 29, 1926 – January 6, 2022) was an American amateur tennis player and businessman. He notably won the men's singles at the 1948 Wimbledon Championships. He also won the 1944 U.S. National Championships and 1947 Wimbledon doubles. He later helped bring soft ice cream and American fast food to Brazil in 1952. He founded the Brazilian fast food chain Bob's.

Falkenburg was born in Manhattan, New York City. He was married and had two children. He died on January 6, 2022, in Santa Ynez, California. He was 95. 


Bill Sidwell

Oswald William Thomas Sidwell (born 16 April 1920) is a former Australian tennis player. He reached five Grand Slam doubles finals, winning once, at the 1949 U.S. National Championships with fellow countryman John Bromwich. He also played in the Davis Cup in 1948 and 1949 where Australia lost to the United States both years.

Sidwell was born in Goulburn, New South Wales. He lived in Sydney as of 2008.


Frank Sedgman

Francis Arthur Sedgman (born 29 October 1927) is a former Australian tennis player. He was ranked world No. 1 in 1951. He famously won 22 Grand Slams in singles, doubles and mixed doubles. He retired in 1976.

Sedgman was born in Mont Albert, Melbourne, Victoria. He is married to Jean.


Geoff Brown (tennis)

Geoffrey Edmund Brown (born 4 April 1924) is a former Australian tennis player. He was born in Murrurundi, New South Wales. He reached five Grand Slam finals during his career. He also played in the Australian Davis Cup in 1947 and 1948. Brown retired in 1958.


Budge Patty

John Edward "Budge" Patty (February 11, 1924 – October 3, 2021) was an American tennis player. He was ranked world No. 1 in 1950 by John Olliff of "The Daily Telegraph". In 1950, he won the men's singles at the French Championships and the Wimbledon Championships. He also won the 1946 French Championships mixed doubles and the 1957 Wimbledon Championships doubles.

Patty was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas. He was married to Marcina and had two daughters. Patty died on October 3, 2021 in Lausanne, Switzerland at the age of 97.


Catherine Tyldesley

Catherine Tyldesley (born 17 September 1983) is an English actress, known for her role as Iris Moss in the BBC drama Lilles and Eva Price on the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 2011 to 2018. In 2019 to 2020, Tyldesley participated as a professional dancer in the seventeenth series of the British BBC One television dancing show Strictly Come Dancing.

IÉSEG School of Management

IÉSEG School of Management is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 2 places, in Lille and in La Défense. It has been established in 1964.

IÉSEG is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog

"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" is an English-language pangram. This is a sentence that contains all of the letters of the alphabet. 

The "quick brown fox" is often used for touch-typing practice, testing typewriters and computer keyboards, and displaying examples of fonts. It can be used when all the letters in the alphabet need to be typed. Because the short sentence makes sense, it is widely known and used.

It is commonly mistaken for "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog", an incorrect pangram, which mistakenly uses "jumped" instead of "jumps", thus excluding the letter "S".

Yang Xiaobo (Hubei politician)

Yang Xiaobo (January 1963 – January 2020) was a Chinese politician. From 2009 until December 2014, he served as mayor of Huangshi. He was born in Tianmen, Hubei.

In January 2020, Yang died of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Hubei at the age of 56 or 57.

Patti Clare

Patti Clare (born 3 March 1976) is an English actress. She is best known for playing Mary Taylor in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2008 onwards. She is a three-time winner of the British Soap Award for Best Comedy Performance (2011, 2013 and 2016).

Incendiary (movie)

Incendiary is a 2008 British drama film. It is about what happens after a terrorist attack at a football match. It is directed by Sharon Maguire. It stars Michelle Williams, Ewan McGregor, and Matthew Macfadyen. It is about a suicide bombing at the Emirates Stadium during an Arsenal F.C. match, and about the life of a woman who loses her husband and young son in the attack. It is based on the 2005 novel "Incendiary" by Chris Cleave.

A young East Ender woman, played by Michelle Williams, is married to bomb-disposal officer Lenny, played by Nicholas Gleaves. They have a four-year-old son, played by Sidney Johnston.

The young mother is having an affair with a reporter called Jasper, palyed by Ewan McGregor. Lenny, their son, and about 1000 others are killed in a terrorist attack carried out by six suicide bombers at a football match. 
Terrence Butcher, played by Matthew Macfadyen, is in charge of the anti-terrorist division.
Jasper and Terrence try to comfort the mother. Both are also romantically interested in her.

Through Jasper's investigation into the bombing, the mother discovers the identity of one of the terrorists. She befriends his teenage son, played by Usman Khokhar. He only knows that his father is missing since the attacks. When he finds out what his father did, he panics and runs. This causes the police to suspect him to be a terrorist. When he tries to take something out of his pocket they think he has a gun or wants to trigger a bomb. They shoot at him, but he is unarmed. The mother, who tried to protect him, is wounded, but not severely. Later, the terrorist's wife and son apologize to the mother for his part in the killings.

Terrence confesses to the mother that he knew that a suicide attack was going to happen and could have stopped it. He did not stop it so that he was able to continue his investigation of the terrorist group. He says that he did not know in which stadium it would happen, and also thought it would be of a smaller scale. Although he knew Lenny and his son would be going, he did not warn them.

Sometimes the mother is confused, thinking that nothing has happened to her son. Throughout the film, she writes a letter addressed to Osama bin Laden. He is assumed to be responsible for the attack.


Filming began on 26 March 2007 in London, England. Scenes were filmed on location in Northampton Square and the Brunswick Estate in Islington, North London. Filming also took place at Leyton Orient's Brisbane Road stadium and around St Albans Cathedral, St Albans School, and Westminster Lodge.

The production also visited The Metropolitan Training College facilities near Gravesend to shoot the scenes at the football stadium, after the bomb has exploded.

The film received poor reviews. Tom Charity, after viewing the film at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival, gave it one star out of five. He called it an "ambitious/opportunistic effort that misses the mark, from the one-dimensional characters to the craven plotting and sentimental tone."

Philip French called it an "ambitious British picture on an urgent topical subject [that] is torpedoed by a poor script."

"Time Out" gave it two stars out of six. It wrote "there are so many things wrong with writer-director Sharon Maguire’s first film since "Bridget Jones's Diary" in 2001 that it's hard to know where to start, but the fatal problem is that this is a film with an identity crisis"; the film at times seems like a "study of guilt and grief" and at other times a "conspiracy thriller" but "ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film’s half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character."


Peter Gunn (actor)

Peter Gunn (born 13 February 1963) is an English actor. He has appeared in many television series and films since his career began in 1988. Gunn is known for his role as Brian Packham in the long running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2010–2013, 2015–present).

Monique van Vooren

Monique van Vooren (March 25, 1927 – January 25, 2020) was a Belgian-born American actress and dancer. She acted on stage and in movies and television shows. Her acting credits include "Tarzan and the She-Devil", "Happy Anniversary" and "Fearless Frank". Her final acting credit was the horror movie "Greystone Park" (2012).

Van Vooren was born in Brussels. She was married at least twice. Her son was Eric Purcell. She died on January 25, 2020 at the age of 92.

Cherylee Houston

Cherylee Houston (born 20 August 1974) is an English actress. She grew up in Morecambe, Lancashire, in the United Kingdom. She has played the role of Izzy Armstrong in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" since 2010. She played Maz in the ongoing BBC Radio 4 series "Tinsel Girl".

At the age of 23 Houston was diagnosed with the rare connective tissue disorder, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, Type III hypermobility type. She has used a wheelchair ever since.

Erikson's stages of psychosocial development

Erikson's stages of psychosocial development is the name of a theory of psychology: Erik Erikson and his wife Joan Erikson coined the term. They found that during their lives, most people pass through eight stages of development.

Escape Room 2

Escape Room: Tournament of Champions is a 2021 psychological horror movie directed by Adam Robitel. The movie stars Taylor Russell, Logan Miller, Isabelle Fuhrman, Thomas Cocquerel, Holland Roden, Carlito Olivero, and Indya Moore. It serves as a sequel to the 2019 movie "Escape Room".

After escaping the "sole survivor" escape rooms orchestrated by the Minos Corporation, Zoey Davis and Ben Miller decide to confront the shadowy organization after finding coordinates to its New York City–based headquarters. Zoey is encouraged by her therapist to move on from her trauma and to get over her aerophobia, but she opts to drive with Ben instead of flying.

The pair find the headquarters derelict and are accosted by a vagrant who steals Zoey's necklace. She and Ben give chase straight into the Q subway train. Their train car separates from the rest of the train and is redirected to a remote station, sealing Zoey, Ben, and other passengers Rachel, Brianna, Nathan, and Theo inside. As the passengers realize in horror that they are once again in Minos' deadly game, the train becomes electrified. Zoey and Ben learn that the others are the "winners" of previous escape rooms, having survived them. To escape, the group must collect subway tokens as the electrification increases. Theo is killed while the rest escape. Nathan reveals his escape room group were all priests, Brianna's were all influencers, and Rachel's consisted of people who cannot feel physical pain.

The next room is a bank with a slowly closing vault and a deadly laser security system. The group manages to decipher the complex route to get around the lasers and escape with just seconds to spare. While in the room, Zoey is perplexed by frequent references to someone called Sonya and that the escape rooms have no apparent connection to the group unlike before.

The next room is a postcard-like beach with more references to Sonya. They discover that the beach is covered in quicksand. Nathan sacrifices himself to save Rachel and is swallowed up by the sand. Zoey finds an alternate route out just as Brianna unlocks the intended exit. An argument on which route to take breaks out; Rachel and Ben side with Zoey. Brianna escapes through the main exit while Rachel and Ben traverse to the alternate route. Ben falls into the quicksand.

Zoey and Rachel make their way out through a manhole back into the city. Overjoyed at first that they're outside, they quickly realize they are still in the game when they encounter a panicked Brianna. If they don't make it out of this room, acid rain is periodically sprayed on them. The group opens a taxi to escape into but once Zoey enters, the taxi locks Rachel and Brianna out. Zoey falls into the next room while Rachel and Brianna succumb to the rain and die.

The next room is a child's bedroom containing a diary from Sonya, revealing the rooms are based on a fun day out she had with her mother. Zoey discovers Sonya's mother is Amanda Harper, who survived her fall in her original escape room and was forced into designing escape rooms for Minos after they abducted her daughter. Amanda appears and begs Zoey to become the next puzzle-maker for Minos, warning that she has no choice. Ben is revealed to be trapped in a cage. When Zoey refuses Minos' demand, Ben's cage starts filling with water, but Zoey and Amanda work together to free him. They manage to break out, fleeing the facility. They report their findings to the police, who retrieve the bodies of Rachel, Brianna, Nathan, and Theo; the news about Minos goes public. An FBI agent assures Zoey that Minos will be tracked down.

Filled with confidence, Zoey decides to take a plane home with Ben. Onboard, she realizes her therapist was in on it and that the plane is another escape room. The distorted voice of Minos' leader mocks Zoey and Ben for falling into their latest trap as the plane begins to fall and sleeping gas fills the cabin.


Isabelle Fuhrman and James Frain appear in the film's alternate version as Claire and Henry, respectively, in a plotline revealing the puzzlemaker's story. Tanya van Graan makes an uncredited appearance as Sonya, who is Henry's wife and Claire's mother in this cut.

Additionally, Lucy Newman-Williams appears as Zoey's therapist and Scott Coker portrays an FBI agent in the theatrical cut. In both versions, Matt Esof portrays the vagrant who lures Zoey and Ben into Minos' trap.

On January 27, 2020, director Adam Robitel posted on social media confirming that filming on the movie had wrapped.


Appetite for Destruction

Appetite for Destruction is the first studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses. It was released on July 21, 1987, through Geffen Records.

When the album as released in 1987, it was not popular. Next year, in 1988, it became very successful after the band had toured and radio stations played the singles "Welcome to the Jungle", "Paradise City" and "Sweet Child o' Mine". It was first on "Billboard" 200 and became the best-selling debut album of all time, as well as the eleventh best-selling album of all time in the United States. With more than 30 million copies sold worldwide, it is also one of the best-selling records of all time.

Although critics at first had mixed feelings toward the album, "Appetite for Destruction" is now liked by critics and is considered as one of the greatest albums of all time. In 2018, it was re-released as a remastered box set with critics liking it too.

Guns N' Roses first recordings were for a planned EP in March 1985. This was shortly after the band formed. The recording included a cover of "Heartbreak Hotel". "Don't Cry ", "Think About You" and "Anything Goes". The EP did not happen because original guitarist Tracii Guns left the band. He was replaced by Slash. Shortly afterward, a new lineup of Axl Rose, Duff McKagan, Slash, Steven Adler and Izzy Stradlin was confirmed. This is the classic lineup for the band.

After playing many shows in Los Angeles clubs, the group signed with Geffen Records in March 1986. In December 1986, the group released the four-song EP "Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide", which was made to keep people interested in the band while it started work in the studio. The label also thought the band didn't have enough songs, so they made the EP.

Singer Axl Rose said that many of the songs on the album were written while the band was performing on the Los Angeles club circuit, and a number of songs that would be featured on later Guns N' Roses albums were considered for "Appetite for Destruction", such as "Back Off Bitch", "You Could Be Mine", "November Rain" and "Don't Cry". "November Rain" was not put on the album because "Sweet Child O' Mine" is already on it. They only wanted one ballad.

Producer Spencer Proffer was hired to record "Nightrain" and "Sweet Child o' Mine" to test if he could work with the band. They eventually recorded nine songs during these sessions, including "Heartbreak Hotel", "Don't Cry", "Welcome to the Jungle" and "Shadow of Your Love". In mid to late 1986, the band recorded demos with Nazareth guitarist Manny Charlton, which were released in 2018. (See Below for more info)
The band at first considered Paul Stanley of KISS to produce, but he was rejected after he wanted to change Adler's drum set more than Adler wanted. Robert John "Mutt" Lange was also considered, but the label didn't want to spend the extra money on a famous producer. Ultimately, Mike Clink (who had produced several Triumph records) was chosen, and the group recorded "Shadow of Your Love" first with Clink as a test.

In 1999, Rose re-recorded the album with the lineup at the time (Rose, Robin Finck, Tommy Stinson, Paul Tobias, Josh Freese, Dizzy Reed & Chris Pitman) to "spruce up" the album with new recording techniques. The re-recorded version of the album was never released, although an edited clip of "Sweet Child O' Mine" featuring the second half of the song using the re-recorded version was included over the credits of the movie "Big Daddy" in 1999.

The "Locked N' Loaded" Edition and the "Super Deluxe Edition" have the same musical contents. Disc one is the original album.

A fifth disc is included; a Blu-ray disc, which has 96 kHz 24-bit 5.1 Surround Sound & Remastered Stereo mixes, mixed by Elliot Scheiner and Frank Filipetti. It includes all of "Appetite for Destruction", alongside bonus tracks "Shadow of Your Love", "Patience", "Used to Love Her", "You're Crazy", and "Move to the City (1988 Acoustic version)". In addition, it includes music videos for "Welcome to the Jungle", "Sweet Child O' Mine", "Paradise City", "Patience", and a previously unreleased video of "It's So Easy".

Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.




Alberto Naranjo

Alberto Naranjo [nah-rahn'-ho] (September 14, 1941 – January 27, 2020) was a Venezuelan jazz musician and composer. In 1992, he was nominated for a Grammy Award. 

Naranjo made arrangements for the groups Conexion Latina, Guaco and Mango; pop-artists like Ilan Chester, Simón Díaz, Oscar D'León, Ricardo Montaner, María Rivas, Aldemaro Romero and Adalberto Santiago


Jack Burns

John Francis Burns (November 15, 1933 – January 27, 2020) was an American comedian, actor, screenwriter, and producer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. 

During the 1960s, he was part of two stand-up comedy partnerships, first with George Carlin and later Avery Schreiber. He was a writer and producer on such comedy series as "The Muppet Show" and "Hee Haw". His television roles included "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Animaniacs".

Burns died on January 27, 2020 in Los Angeles, California of respiratory failure caused by pancreatic cancer at the age of 86.

Duško Gojković

Duško Gojković (; 14 October 1931 – 5 April 2023) was a Serbian jazz trumpeter, composer, and arranger. He was born in Jajce, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. His career began in the 1950s. In these years he played with Chet Baker, Stan Getz, and Oscar Pettiford. In 1958 he performed at Newport Jazz Festival. He worked with the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band from 1968–1973.

In 1986 he formed another orchestra. His next albums were "Soul Connection" (1994), "Bebop City", "Balkan Blue" (1997), "In My Dreams" (2001), "Samba do Mar" (2003), and "Samba Tzigane" (2006).

Gojković died on 5 April 2023, at the age of 91.

Stan Getz

Stan Getz (born Stanley Gayetski; February 2, 1927 – June 6, 1991) was an American jazz saxophonist. Getz was known as "The Sound" because of his warm tone. He became popular during the 1940s with Woody Herman's big band. He was known as "one of the all-time great tenor saxophonists". Getz performed in bebop and cool jazz groups. He was inspired by João Gilberto and Antônio Carlos Jobim. His best known song is "The Girl from Ipanema" (1964).

Woody Herman

Woodrow Charles Herman (May 16, 1913 – October 29, 1987) was an American jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, singer, and big band leader. He was the lead singer for "The Herd". Herman became known in the late 1930s and was active until his death in 1987. He won many Grammy Awards. 

In 1947, Herman was Emcee and also played at the third Cavalcade of Jazz concert held at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles which was produced by Leon Hefflin, Sr. on September 7, 1947. 


Tito Puente

Ernesto Antonio "Tito" Puente (April 20, 1923 – June 1, 2000) was an American musician, songwriter and record producer. He was known as "The Musical Pope", "El Rey de los Timbales" (The King of the Timbales) and "The King of Latin Music". 

He is best known for his Latin jazz works. He and his music appear in many movies such as "The Mambo Kings" and Fernando Trueba's "Calle 54". He guest-starred on several television shows, including "Sesame Street" and "The Simpsons". His most famous song is "Oye Como Va".

Jim Sasser

James Ralph Sasser (born September 30, 1936) is an American politician and attorney. He is a Democrat. He was a United States Senator from Tennessee from 1977 to 1995, and was Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee.

From 1996 to 1999, during the Clinton Administration, he was the United States Ambassador to China. 

Albert A. Gore Sr.

Albert Arnold Gore, Sr. (December 26, 1907 – December 5, 1998), known to some as Al Gore before the fame of his son, was an American politician who was a U.S. Representative and a U.S. Senator for the Democratic Party from Tennessee. 

He was the father of Albert A. Gore Jr., the 45th Vice President of the United States (1993–2001).

Granville, Tennessee

Granville is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Tennessee, United States. Granville was the birthplace of U.S. Senator Albert Gore, Sr., father of former vice-president Al Gore.

Carthage, Tennessee

Carthage is a town in and the county seat of Smith County, Tennessee, United States; it is part of the Nashville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,291 at the 2020 census.

Smith County, Tennessee

Smith County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,904. Smith County is in the section known as Middle Tennessee. Its county seat is Carthage. 

Williamson County, Tennessee

Williamson County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 247,726. The county seat is Franklin.

Rutherford County, Tennessee

Rutherford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 341,486. Its county seat is Murfreesboro.

Animaniacs

Animaniacs is an American animated television series created by Tom Ruegger. It is the second animated series produced by Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment alongside Warner Bros. Animation.

The show first aired on the Fox Network as part of its Fox Kids block from 1993 to 1995 before moving to The WB in 1995 until the series ended in 1998. It initially ran a total of 99 episodes and one movie being "Wakko's Wish".

"Animaniacs" is a variety show, with short skits with a large cast of characters.

• Yakko Warner is one of the five main characters of Animaniacs. He is tallest and the oldest siblings of the Warner Brothers.

• Wakko Warner is one of the five main characters of Animaniacs. He is the middle sibling of the Warner Brothers.

• Dot Warner is one of the five main characters of Animaniacs. She is the youngest sibling of the Warner Brothers.

• Pinky is one of the five main characters of Animaniacs. He and the Brain are trying to take over the world.

• Brain is one of the five main characters of Animaniacs. He and Pinky are trying to take over the world.

A reboot of the series was announced by Hulu in January 2018 and expected to air starting in 2020 called Animaniacs (2020 TV series).


Joseph P. Riley Jr.

Joseph Patrick Riley Jr. (born January 19, 1943) is an American politician. He was the Mayor of Charleston, South Carolina. He was one of the longest serving mayors in the United States, having been in office from December 15, 1975 to January 11, 2016.

Moncks Corner, South Carolina

Moncks Corner is a town in and the county seat of Berkeley County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 13,297 at the 2020 census.

Abdul Ghafoor

Dr. Abdul Ghafoor: (; 5 May 1959 – 28 January 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the Minister of Minority Welfare in Nitish Kumar government of Bihar from 2015 through 2017. He was a member of the Bihar Legislative Assembly from 1995 to 2005 and again from 2010 until his death. His political party was Rashtriya Janta Dal (RJD). Ghafoor was born Saharsa, Bihar.

Ghafoor died on 28 January 2020 at a hospital in Delhi at the age of 60.

Eville Gorham

Eville Gorham (PhD, LlD, DSc, FAAAS, FRSC, MNAS, FESA) (October 15, 1925 – January 14, 2020) was a Canadian-American biochemist and ecologist. He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. His work focused on the chemistry of fresh waters and the ecology and biogeochemistry of peatlands. His works led to legislation and redesign of the power plants of the world to scrub sulfur and the nuclear test ban treaty.

Gorham died on January 14, 2020 at the age of 94.


Frank Edwards (politician)

Frank Edwards (September 16, 1950 – January 28, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was the Mayor of Springfield, Illinois from December 2010 through April 2011. He was appointed by the Springfield City Council on December 28, 2010, after the death of Mayor Tim Davlin. 

Edwards was killed in an airplane crash in Sangamon County, Illinois on January 28, 2020 at the age of 69.


Timothy Davlin

Timothy J. Davlin (August 27, 1957 – December 14, 2010) was an American Democratic politician. He was the mayor of Springfield, Illinois from April 2003 until his death in December 2010. He was born in Springfield. At the time of his death, he was being investigated for fraud and corruption during his time as mayor.

Davlin died by shooting himself in the chest at his home in Springfield on December 14, 2010. He was 53.


George Shirley

George Irving Shirley (born April 18, 1934) is an American operatic tenor. He was the first African-American tenor to perform a leading role at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. Shirley was born in Indianapolis, Indiana and raised in Detroit, Michigan.

Freddie Hubbard

Frederick Dewayne Hubbard (April 7, 1938 – December 29, 2008) was an American jazz trumpeter. He was known for playing in the bebop, hard bop, and post-bop beginning in the early 1960s onwards. 

Wes Montgomery

John Leslie "Wes" Montgomery (March 6, 1923 – June 15, 1968) was an American jazz guitarist. He was of the most important guitarists of the 20th century.

Montgomery died of a heart attack on June 15, 1968, while at home in Indianapolis.

David Wolf (astronaut)

David Alexander Wolf (born August 23, 1956) is an American astronaut, medical doctor and electrical engineer. 

Wolf has been to space four times. Three of his spaceflights were short-duration Space Shuttle missions. In total Wolf has logged more than 4,040 hours in space. He is also a veteran of 7 spacewalks totaling 41hrs 17min in both Russian and American spacesuits.

Dickson City, Pennsylvania

Dickson City is a borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, north of Scranton. The population was 6,038 at the 2020 census.

Narciso Elvira

Narciso Elvira (born Narciso Chicho Delgado) Elvira; 29 October 1967 – 28 January 2020) was a Mexican Major League Baseball pitcher. Elvira was purchased by the Milwaukee Brewers from the Mexican League in 1986. He played with the team at the Major League level in 1990. He was born in Tlalixcoyan, Veracruz, México.

Elvira was killed after being shot in Veracruz, Mexico on 28 January 2020 at the age of 52.

Katie McGlynn

Katie Louise McGlynn (born 16 July 1993 in Rochdale, Greater Manchester) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Jodie "Scout" Allen in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2011–2013) and Sinead Tinker in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2013–2020). Then from 2021 to 2022, she appeared as Becky Quentin in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".

Other Ocean Interactive

Other Ocean Interactive is a video game developer from Emeryville, California. The company has worked with Mojang AB since 2017.

The company started in California in 2006. It has made eight video games itself, and it has made 40 other video games.

Other Ocean Interactive have made these video games itself:
They have also worked on these video games:


Landaff

Landaff is a district in Wales. It is the birthplace of British writer Roald Dahl.

Tofig Gasimov

Tofig Gasimov Masim oglu (; 10 April 1938 – 29 January 2020) was an Azerbaijani politician and diplomat. He was born in Leki village of Agdash Rayon, Azerbaijan. He worked under the Abulfaz Elchibey administration as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan from 4 July 1992 through 26 June 1993.

Gasimov died on 29 January 2020 in Lucerne, Switzerland at the age of 81.

Ellie Leach

Ellie Louise Leach (born 15 March 2001) is an English actress, who has played Faye Windass on the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2011 onwards.

Leach was born in Bury, Greater Manchester and she has a younger sister called Daisy. Leach went to Fairfield High School for Girls and currently studies performing arts at a further education college. Leach is the cousin of Brooke Vincent, who played Sophie Webster in "Coronation Street".


Abulfaz Elchibey

Abulfaz Elchibey, ( / Әбүлфәз Елчибәј; 24 June 1938 – 22 August 2000) was an Azerbaijani politician. He became leader of the Azerbaijani Popular Front in 1990. Elchibey was the second President of Azerbaijan, from 16 June 1992 until a coup d'état took him out of office in June 1993.

Lisa George

Lisa George (born 15 October 1970) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Beth Tinker in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2011–2024). In 2020, George competed in the twelfth series of "Dancing on Ice".

Marj Dusay

Marj Dusay (; born Marjorie Ellen Pivonka Mahoney; February 20, 1936 – January 28, 2020) was an American actress. She was known for her roles on soap operas such as Alexandra Spaulding on "Guiding Light". She also played the wife of Douglas MacArthur in the 1977 movie "MacArthur" and Monica Warner in "The Facts of Life". Dusay was born in Russell, Kansas.

Dusay died on January 28, 2020 at the age of 83.


Joe Duttine

Joe Duttine sometimes credited as Jo Duttine (born 30 June 1970), is an English film, theatre and television actor. He is known for playing Tim Metcalfe in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2013 onwards. He is also known for his role as Cameron Donnelly in the Channel 4 comedy-drama "Shameless".

He was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, West Riding of Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.

Dan O'Herlihy

Daniel Peter O'Herlihy (May 1, 1919 – February 17, 2005) was an Irish-American actor. He was known for such roles as Brigadier General Warren A. "Blackie" Black in "Fail Safe", Conal Cochran in "", "The Old Man" in "RoboCop" and "RoboCop 2", and Andrew Packard in "Twin Peaks". 

He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1954 movie "Adventures of Robinson Crusoe".

Sair Khan

Sair Khan (born 11 February 1988) is a British actress, born in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. She is best known for playing the role of Alya Nazir in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2014 onwards. In 2018, she appeared as a contestant on the ITV reality TV show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Shelley King

Shelley King (born 25 September 1955) is a British-Indian actress, known for her roles as Jay Harper on the BBC One drama series "Angels" from 1978 to 1980 and Yasmeen Nazir on the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2014 onwards.

Adam Robitel

Adam Robitel (born May 28, 1978) is an American filmmaker and actor.


Ida Siekmann

Ida Siekmann (23 August 1902 – 22 August 1961) was a German nurse who became the first known person to die at the Berlin Wall, only nine days after they started building it.

Qasim Akhtar

Qasim Akhtar (born 8 June 1991) is an English actor, known for playing Chesney Karib in the hit Channel 4 comedy-drama "Shameless" (2007–2013), and Zeedan Nazir in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2014–2018, 2021–present).

He is from Burnage, Manchester, in North West England.

Daniel Brocklebank

Daniel Brocklebank (born 21 December 1979) is an English actor. He is best known for playing vicar Billy Mayhew in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2014 onwards. He received a Screen Actors Guild Award for his performance in the multi-award-winning movie "Shakespeare in Love".

He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England.

Melanie Hill

Melanie Jane Hill (born 11 January 1962) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Aveline Boswell in the BBC sitcom "Bread" (1986–1991), Rita Dolan in the BBC drama series "Playing the Field" (1998–2002), Maggie Budgen in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2012–2015), and Cathy Matthews in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2015–2022).

Hill also portrayed Hazel Redfearn in the ITV comedy-drama series "Auf Wiedersehen Pet" (1986), Avril Kent in ITV's "Emmerdale" (2005), and Julie Travers in the BBC drama series "The Syndicate" (2015).

Born to Anthony and Sylvia (née Pratt) Hill in Brighton, Hill was raised in her mother's native city of Sunderland.

The Brittas Empire

The Brittas Empire is a British sitcom created by Andrew Norriss and Richard Fegen.

Chris Barrie plays Gordon Brittas. He is the well-meaning but incompetent manager of Whitbury New Town Leisure Centre.

The show ran for seven series and 52 episodes — including two Christmas specials — from 1991 to 1997 on BBC1. Norriss and Fegen wrote the first five series.

"The Brittas Empire" had large audiences. In 2004 the show came 47th on the BBC's "Britain's Best Sitcom" poll.

The show combined farce with surreal dramatic elements. For example, in the first series, the leisure centre prepares for a royal visit, only for the doors to seal, the boiler room to flood and a visitor to be electrocuted. Unlike the traditional sitcom, deaths were quite common in "The Brittas Empire".

Gordon Brittas (played by Chris Barrie) is the well-meaning but incompetent manager of Whitbury New Town Leisure Centre. He trained at the fictional Aldershot Leisure Centre. He is tactless, annoying and has 'half-baked' ideas. He is oblivious to all of his faults. Brittas frequently upsets his staff, the public, and his wife Helen. He often brings confusion and chaos into their lives.

Helen Brittas, played by Pippa Haywood, finds it hard to cope with Gordon. She often turns to pills and affairs with other men to maintain her sanity. She is also helped by Brittas's calm and efficient deputy, Laura Lancing, played by Julia St John. Laura has a grudging admiration for Brittas whom she regards as honest and decent.

Brittas's other deputy, the dim-witted Colin Weatherby, is played by Mike Burns. Colin has several skin allergies and a constantly infected hand. Though he is an assistant manager, he works as the centre's caretaker. Carole, played by Harriet Thorpe, is the often tearful receptionist who keeps her three children in the drawers of the reception desk. Amongst other members of the team is Julie, played by Judy Flynn. Julie is a sarcastic secretary who hates her boss and refuses to do any work. Lively Linda, played by Jill Greenacre, gentle-hearted Gavin, played by Tim Marriott, and his paranoid partner Tim, played by Russell Porter, are more co-operative members of the team. Carole's son Ben was played by Jonathon Norriss.

"The Brittas Empire" was broadcast for fifty-two episodes between 1991 and 1997, spanning seven series and two Christmas Specials. There was also one short episode for Children in Need. The cast also performed in the 1996 Royal Variety Performance. Chris Barrie played Brittas again in the short fitness series spin-off called "Get Fit with Brittas".

For the first five series the show's creators Richard Fegen and Andrew Norriss co-wrote the show, after which they left, along with actress Julia St John who played Laura. Series five was originally meant to be the final series, and Norriss and Fegen killed off Brittas at its end, when he was crushed to death by a falling water tank.

However, the show's popularity meant the BBC resurrected Brittas and brought on a team of new writers, who carried the show on for a further two series, including one further Christmas special in 1996. These writers were: Paul Smith, Terry Kyan, Tony Millan, Mike Walling, Ian Davidson and Peter Vincent.

'Curse of the Tiger Women' is the final episode in 1997. This ending claims all seven series were part of a dream that Brittas is having on his way to the job interview for manager of the leisure centre. It is an ending that is regarded as poor by many critics and viewers, and contradicts the 1994 Christmas Special by Fegen and Norriss, showing what happens to the staff post-Whitbury Leisure Centre.

In 2014, Chris Barrie reprised his role as Gordon Brittas for a brief appearance in the Sport Relief music video, 'Word Up!' by Little Mix.

All seven series were released on DVD in the United Kingdom by Eureka Video, and also in Australia by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The BBC released episodes on VHS in the 1990s.


Critics John Lewis and Penny Stempel commented that: 

In its positioning of an incompetent in charge of others, "The Brittas Empire" mined the traditional vein of TV humour (e.g., Dad's Army or Are You Being Served?). Yet it also had an element of absurdism...which gave it an appeal to younger viewers. At a stretch the show could also be viewed as a critique of the managerial class which expanded in the Thatcherite eighties. A show for all the couch.
The show has been credited with having an influence on Alan Partridge and "The Office".

The exterior shots and interior swimming pools of 'Whitbury New Town Leisure Centre' were filmed at Ringwood Leisure Centre, Hampshire.


Teen Titans Go!

Teen Titans Go! is an American television show. It airs on Cartoon Network. It first aired on April 23, 2013. It is currently airing "its 8th season." It is a spin-off of Teen Titans.

The production companies of the series are DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation, with the animation outsourced to first and second seasons of United States at Digital eMation, AKOM and Rough Draft Korea in traditionaly animation and the third season onwards of Canada at Copernicus Studios and Bardel Entertainment in flash animation. 4 movies based on the show were released in 2018, 2019, 2021, and 2022.

Superhero roommates Robin, Cyborg, Starfire, Raven and Beast Boy love saving the day, but what happens when they're done fighting crime?


List of The Brittas Empire episodes

This is a list of episodes of the British situation comedy "The Brittas Empire". Each episode has a brief story and the date it was first shown.

The show was first shown on BBC1, between 1991 and 1997 . 

Seven series and 52 episodes were created, including two Christmas specials. There was also one Children In Need short sketch. 


Collectivism

Collectivism is a kind of ethics based on people being a group. Its opposite is individualism which is based on people being individuals. Collectivists focus on what's good for a whole group. Individualists focus on what's good for each person. Collectivism and individualism are and are also part of politics.

The word "individualism" was originally used by socialists to attack their enemies. They said that individualists were selfish for not supporting socialism. Instead, individualists support people being independent and chasing their own goals. They also believe in having lots of freedoms.

Collectivists believe that one person is not as important as a group of many people. They often believe people should compromise to make things better for each other instead of just themselves. They also think that letting someone do whatever they want is not good if it hurts lots of other people. Collectivism has many different types. It can mean serving your community, your government, your social class, your race, or some other group.



Walt Martin

Walt Martin (April 8, 1945 – July 24, 2014) was an American production sound mixer. He was nominated for Academy Awards in the category Best Sound Mixing for the 2006 movie "Flags of Our Fathers" and the 2014 movie "American Sniper". He worked on more than 70 movies. 

He died of vasculitis on July 24, 2014 in Burbank, California, aged 69.

2020 Elazığ earthquake

The 2020 Elazığ earthquake happened at 20:55 local time (17:55 UTC) on 24 January in Turkey. The magnitude of the earthquake was said to be 6.7 . 

The earthquake's epicentre was close to the town of Sivrice in Elazığ province and felt in the neighbouring provinces of Diyarbakır, Malatya and Adıyaman, and the neighbouring countries of Armenia, Syria and Iran. 

A total of 41 people were killed and more than 1,600 were injured.

Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska

Małgorzata Maria Kidawa-Błońska, née Grabska (born 5 May 1957) is a Polish politician, movie producer and sociologist. She was Marshal of the Sejm from 25 June 2015 to 11 November 2015. She also was the Government Spokeswomen for the Second Cabinet of Donald Tusk in 2014 and in 2015 for the Cabinet of Ewa Kopacz. 

From 2012 to 2015, she was the Secretary of State in the Chancellery of the Prime Minister from 2012 to 2015. She is now the Deputy Marshal of the Sejm under Sejm Marshal Elżbieta Witek. 

She was the 2020 Civic Platform candidate for President of Poland. She dropped out on May 15th, 2020 and was replaced by Warsaw Mayor Rafał Trzaskowski

Elżbieta Witek

Elżbieta Barbara Witek (née Zbanuch; born December 17, 1957) is a Polish politician. She was the Minister of the Interior and Administration, in office from June 2019 to August 2019, 

She is the Marshal of the Sejm since 9 August 2010. She was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.


Marshal of the Sejm

Marshal of the Sejm also known as Sejm Marshal, Chairman of the Sejm or Speaker of the Sejm (, ) is the speaker (chair) of the Sejm, the lower house of the Polish parliament. 

In modern Poland, the full title is Marshal of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland ().

Józef Zych

Joseph Zych (, born 23 March 1938) is a Polish politician. He is a member of the Polish People's Party. He was Sejm Marshal from 1995 to 1997 (and many times as Senior Marshall).

As a Sejm Marshal, Zych administered the oath of office for the first term of President Aleksander Kwaśniewski in December 1995.

Parliament of Poland

The parliament of Poland has an upper house (the Senate) and a lower house (the Sejm). Both houses are accommodated in the "Sejm" complex in Warsaw. The parliament itself is without an official name; the Constitution refers only to the Sejm and the Senate.

Members of both houses are elected by direct election, usually every four years. The Sejm has 460 members, while the Senate has 100 senators. To become law, a bill must first be approved by both houses.

Senate of Poland

The Senate () is the upper house of the Polish parliament, the lower house being the 'Sejm'. The Senate is based in Warsaw. The Senate is made up of 100 senators elected by universal ballot and is headed by the Marshal of the Senate ("Marszałek Senatu"). 

The incumbent Marshal of the Senate is Tomasz Grodzki.

Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland

The Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland () is a leading officer of the Senate of Poland. He or she is also third person according to the Polish order of precedence, after President of the Republic of Poland and Sejm Marshal, and second in line to become Acting President of the Republic of Poland.

Tomasz Grodzki

Tomasz Paweł Grodzki (born 13 May 1958) is a Polish politician, doctor and surgeon. He has been the Marshal of the Senate since 12 November 2019.

Stanisław Karczewski

Stanisław Karczewski (born 14 November 1955) is a Polish politician and surgeon. He has been a senator since 2005, as Deputy Marshal of the Senate between 2011 and 2015 and since 2019, and between 2015 and 2019 as Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland.

Stickney Township, Cook County, Illinois

Stickney Township is one of 29 townships in Cook County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 41,514.

Smoluća Gornja

Smoluća Gornja is a village in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the municipality of Lukavac. It is about 
14 kilometers or 9 miles northwest of Tuzla.

In June 1992, during the Bosnian War, the Serbs living in nearby villages, (namely Podpeć, Tinja, Jasenica, Srebrenik, Gornji Lukavac) were forced to go to Smoluća Gornja by the Bosnian army. After that, Smoluća came under siege by the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. This meant that it had no water, food, electricity, or medicine. The Bosniak and Croat forces would not let the Red Cross in to the village. They did not let any food or medicine in, and they did not let sick and wounded people leave. During the siege, from June 18 to August 27, 1992, 50 Serbs were killed in the Smoluća area, and 149 in nearby villages. After the siege ended on August 29 1992, Smoluća was robbed and burned by Bosniak and Croat forces.
The Army of Republika Srpska ended the siege. 

Abergavenny

Abergavenny () is a market town and community in Monmouthshire, Wales. As of 2011, Avergavenny had a population of 12,515. The town is promoted as "The Gateway to Wales".

Abergavenny railway station is a train station on the Welsh Marches line. Passengers at the station can board direct trains to places such as Hereford, Shrewsbury, Manchester, Chester, Wrexham, Holyhead, Cardiff, Swansea and Carmarthen.

Captain Sensible

Raymond Ian Burns (born 24 April 1954), better known by his stage name Captain Sensible, is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist. He co-founded the punk rock band The Damned, first playing bass before switching to guitar. He is best known for a UK number one hit with his cover of "Happy Talk" in 1982. He often wears a red beret and sunglasses.

Burns was born in Balham, London. He is married and has four children.

Richard Hawley (actor)

Richard Roland Hawley (born 13 August 1955 in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire) is a British actor, best known for his work in "Grushko", "Prime Suspect", "Family Affairs" and "Love Actually". From 2015 to 2021, he appeared as Johnny Connor in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street".

Overlord (novel series)

There is an anime television series based on this light novel by Madhouse. It has 4 seasons with 13 episodes each. The first season aired from July 7 to September 29, 2015. The second season ran from January 9 to April 3, 2018 and the third season from July 10, 2018 to October 2, 2018. The fourth season aired from July 5 to September 27, 2022.


Faye Brookes

Faye Alicia Brookes (born 3 September 1987) is an English actress. She is known for portraying the role of Kate Connor in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street, a role he has playing since 2015 to 2019.

Brookes was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England.

Draize test

The Draize test is a test, to see if a substance is toxic. John H. Draize and Jacob M. Spines first used the test in 1944. The test was first used for cosmetics, but later for other substances as well. To see if a substance is toxic, it is applied to the skin or the eye of an animal, for a given time. After the time, the substance is washed out and the effects are recorded. Very often, small animals, such as rabbits were used. After the test, the animals are observed for up to 14 days. If the test does irreversible damage to the skin or the eye, the animal is killed after the test. Animals may be re-used for testing purposes if the product tested causes no permanent damage. Animals are typically reused after a "wash out" period during which all traces of the tested product are allowed to disperse from the test site.

The tests are controversial. They are seem as cruel and unscientific because of the differences between rabbit and human eyes, and the subjective nature of the visual evaluations. The FDA supports the test, stating that "to date, no single test, or battery of tests, has been accepted by the scientific community as a replacement [for] ... the Draize test". Because of its controversial nature, the use of the Draize test in the U.S. and Europe has declined in recent years and is sometimes modified so that anaesthetics are administered and lower doses of the test substances used. Chemicals already shown to have adverse effects "in vitro" are not currently used in a Draize test, thereby reducing the number and severity of tests that are carried out.

Other tests have been developed which can replace the Draize test for many applications: First there is a test that uses chicken eggs. Another test uses Spanish slugs. 

Hen's egg test on chorioallantoic membrane

The Hen's egg test on chorioallantoic membrane, or hen's egg test is a test that can be used to test the toxicity of substances. It is also often used to test vaccines. It is a CAM Assay. The product to be tested is applied to a special membrane. Such tests were first used because chicken eggs were easily available. As the respective membrane does not contain any nerve cells, it is likely that the developing bird embryo does not feel pain during the test. These tests are not considered to be animal testing.

This test can be used as a replacement for the Draize test, as it similarly detects irritation response in cosmetics. 

Social choice theory

Social choice theory, which is also called theory of collective choice, is a theory that looks at how a group of people reach a decision. Usually this is done by combining and aggregating the opinion of each member of the group. A classic problem of social choice theory is that of holding an election or a popular vote.


Year of the Three Emperors

The Year of the Three Emperors, or the Year of the Three Kaisers, () refers to the year 1888 during the German Empire in German history. The year is important because two German Emperors, or Kaisers, died. This meant that there were three emperors in a year.. The three emperors who ruled Germany during this year were Wilhelm I, Frederick III and Wilhelm II. The mnemonic “"drei Achten, drei Kaiser"” (English: "three eights, three emperors") is still used today in Germany to remember which year it was.

Quasimodo

Quasimodo is the hunchback in the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame written by Victor Hugo. He was raised by Claude Frollo. Though the townspeople believe Quasimodo is a monster, he befriends Esmeralda.

Bhavna Limbachia

Bhavna Jayanty Limbachia (born 21 April 1984) is a British television actress, film, and comedian. She is mainly known for her roles as Alia Khan in Citzen Khan and Rana Habeeb in Coronation Street.

She is born in Preston, the city of Lancashire, England.

Julia Goulding

Juila Goulding (born 27 March 1985) is an English actress. Since 2016, she has played Shona Ramsey on the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street".

She was born in Greater Manchester, England, United Kingdom.

Nicola Thorp

Nichola Thorp (born 30 September 1988/1989), also known as Nicola Sian, is an English actress. She is known for her portrayal of Nicola Rubinstein in long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", from 2017 to 2019.

Thorp was born and raised in Blackpool, the town of Lancashire, England.

Coronation Street Omnibus

Coronation Street Omnibus is a British different television series produced by ITV2, and the prequel ITV soap opera Coronation Street.

The Coronation Street Omnibus cast include William Roache, Sally Dynevor, Tina O'Brien, David Neilson, Helen Worth, Simon Gregson, Jack P. Shepherd, Mikey North, Barbara Knox, Sue Cleaver, Kym Marsh, Beverley Callard, Lucy Fallon, Chris Gascoyne, Jane Danson, Samia Ghadie, Jimmi Harkishin, Sue Nicholls, Kate Ford, Michael Le Vell, Antony Cotton, Sally Ann Matthews, Ben Price, Alan Halsall, Georgia Taylor, Elle Mulvaney, Melanie Hill, Colson Smith, Sam Robertson, and more.

Louiza Patikas

Louiza Patikas (born 1976 or 1977) is a British actress, known for her roles as Helen Titchener in the BBC Radio 4 soap opera "The Archers" and Moira Pollock on the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2017 to 2021.

Birmingham High School

Birmingham Community Charter High School (formerly Birmingham High School) is a co-educational high school in the neighborhood/district of Lake Balboa in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles. It was started in 1943 as a hospital. In 1943, it became a school for grades 7-12. It became a high school for only senior students in 1963. The school has a Van Nuys address and student are from Lake Balboa, parts of Encino, and Amestoy Estates. It is within the Los Angeles Unified School District operates as an internal charter school.


Wexford Rebellion

The Wexford Rebellion was a rebellion of Irish people against English rule in Ireland. It was the most successful of several uprisings which happened in the year 1798. In the Wexford Rebellon, the Society of United Irishmen rose against English rule. 

It started in County Wexford, and lasted from m 27 May until about 21 June of that year. The Wexford Rebellion was very successful, even though the government did not see County Wexford as an immediate thret. During the rebellon, there were spontaneous risings that occurred both before and after the significant rebel victories in Oulart, Enniscorthy, and Wexford town.

Herbert Baumann

Herbert Baumann (31 July 1925 – 21 January 2020) was a German composer and conductor. He was born in Berlin in 1925 studied at the Internationales Musikinstitut Berlin. He died in Munich in January 2020 at the age of 94.


ANZUS

ANZUS is an active war alliance between the United States, Australia and New Zealand.

All Hail to Massachusetts

"All Hail to Massachusetts" is the anthem of the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It was created by Arthur J. Marsh in 1824, and became the official anthem of Massachusetts in 1966.


Renault Twingo

The Renault Twingo is a car made by Renault since 1993.

The original Twingo launched in April 1993 in Europe and Columbia. It was never available in the UK with right hand drive. It had an unusual interior with a small digital instrument display. It received updates in 1998, 2000 and 2004. The second generation Twingo launched in 2007 and continued the design theme of the original. It was finally available with right hand drive for the UK market and was facelifted in 2011. The third generation Twingo launched in 2014 and now has 5 doors instead of 3. It was developed alongside the Smart ForFour but now has a normal instrument display. It was facelifted in 2019 but is no longer sold in the UK with right hand drive due to slow sales. 

Sally Carman

Sally Carman-Duttine (born 9 May 1981) is an English actress. She is known for her roles as Kelly Maguire in the Channel 4 comedy-drama series "Shameless" (2005–2013), and Abi Franklin in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2017–present).

Carman was born in Mexborough, South Yorkshire, the county of England. At 18, she attended the LAMDA drama school in London.

She has also appeared in "Doctors", "Heartbeat", and "Holby City".


Vitaliy Boiko

Vitaliy Boiko (30 September 1937 – 30 January 2020) was a Ukrainian lawyer and politician. In 1986 to 1992, Boiko worked in Ministry of Justice, where he was Minister from 1990 to 1992. From 1993 to 1994, he was an Ambassador of Ukraine to Moldova. In 1994 to 2002 he was a chairman of the Supreme Court of Ukraine.

Boiko died on 30 January 2020 at the age of 82.

Roger Holeindre

Roger Holeindre (21 March 1929 – 30 January 2020) was a French Army veteran, politician and author. He was in the First Indochina War and the Algerian War, was a member of the National Assembly from 1986 to 1988. 

Holeindre also was the vice-president of the National Front (FN) where he represented the "national-conservative" and Third Position ideologies. Holeindre was the president of the "Cercle national des combattants" and the honorary president of the Party of France.

Yannis Tseklenis

Yannis Tseklenis (Greek; Γιάννης Τσεκλένης; November 6, 1937 – January 29, 2020) was a Greek fashion designer. He was born in Athens. 

In 1962 and 1964, Tseklenis was directly involved in the interior decoration and design relating to the official celebrations of the weddings of princess Sofia of Greece to Juan Carlos of Spain, and of Anne-Marie of Denmark to the then King Constantine II of Greece.

In 1997 he donated almost all his prototype garments from his 1970s and 1980s fashion collections to the Peloponnesian Folklore Foundation.

Queen Anne-Marie of Greece

Anne-Marie, RE ( ), (born Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark 30 August 1946) is the widow of Constantine II of Greece, who reigned from 1964 until 1973.

Anne-Marie is the youngest daughter of King Frederick IX of Denmark and his wife Ingrid of Sweden. She is the youngest sister of the former Queen of Denmark Margrethe II of Denmark and cousin of the reigning King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.

Titles and Styles

9 October 1946-18 September 1964: Her Royal Highness Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark 

18 September 1964-1 June 1973: Her Majesty The Queen of the Hellenes, Princess of Denmark 

1 June 1973-present: Her Majesty Queen Anne-Marie of the Hellenes, Princess of Denmark


Ingrid of Sweden

Ingrid of Sweden (Ingrid Victoria Sofia Louise Margareta; 28 March 1910 – 7 November 2000) was Queen of Denmark from 1947 until 1972 as the wife of King Frederick IX.

She was also a paternal aunt of the present Swedish monarch, King Carl XVI Gustaf.


Othmar Mága

Othmar Mága (10 June 1929 – 28 January 2020) was a Czech-born German conductor. He was chief conductor internationally, including the Odense Symphony Orchestra in Denmark and the KBS Symphony Orchestra in Korea. From 2002 until 2003 he was GMD of the Niederrheinische Sinfoniker at the Theater Krefeld und Mönchengladbach.

Mága died in Kiel, Germany on 28 January 2020, aged 90.

Japanese dialects

Japanese dialects (日本の方言, "Nihon no hōgen") are the dialects of the Japanese language. There are four dialect groups in mainland Japan: Hachijō, Eastern (including Tokyo), Western (including Kyoto) and Kyushu.

The Ryukyuan languages of Okinawa Prefecture (and parts of Kagoshima Prefecture) are not dialects of Japanese and a Japanese speaker wouldn't understand them.


Lucy Jarvis (producer)

Lucile Jarvis (née Howard; June 24, 1917 – January 26, 2020) was an American television producer.Lucy Jarvis (born Lucile Howard; June 24, 1917 – January 26, 2020) was an American television producer. She was born in New York City. She produced the movie "Family Reunion". In 1990, Jarvis brought the Russian rock opera "Juno and Avos" to New York City.

In November 2017, Jarvis was presented with the Women's Entrepreneurship Day Pioneer Award for her groundbreaking success in Media at the United Nations in New York City.

Jarvis turned 100 in June 2017 and died in January 2020 at the age of 102.

Robert Harper (actor)

Robert Francis Harper (May 19, 1951 – January 23, 2020) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Sharkey in "Once Upon a Time in America". 

Harper also played Charlie Gereson in "Creepshow" and Bubba 'Si' Weisberger in the CBS sitcom "Frank's Place". Other movie roles include "Wiseguy", "Final Analysis", "The Insider", "Deconstructing Harry", and "Molly". 

Harper died of cancer on January 23, 2020 at the age of 68. 


Jake Godbold

Jake Maurice Godbold (March 14, 1933 – January 23, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was Mayor of Jacksonville, Florida from 1978 to 1987. He was born in Jacksonville.

Godbold died on January 23, 2020 in Jacksonville at the age of 86.

Cameron, North Carolina

Cameron is a town in Moore County, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 244 at the 2020 census.

Moore County, North Carolina

Moore County (moco) is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 99,727. Its county seat is Carthage and its largest town is Pinehurst. 

Carthage, North Carolina

Carthage is a town in Moore County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 2,775 at the 2020 Census. It is the county seat of Moore County.

Fred Silverman

Fred Silverman (September 13, 1937 – January 30, 2020) was an American television executive and producer. He worked as an executive at all of the Big Three television networks, ABC, CBS and NBC. He produced "Scooby-Doo" (1969–present), "All in the Family" (1971–1979), "The Waltons" (1972–1981), and "Charlie's Angels" (1976–1981). He was born in New York City.

Silverman died on January 30, 2020 of cancer at his home in Pacific Palisades, California at the age of 82.

Lucien Barbarin

Lucien Barbarin (July 17, 1956 – January 30, 2020) was an American trombone player. Barbarin toured internationally with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band and with Harry Connick Jr.. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He played with Dr. Michael White, Wynton Marsalis, Dianne Reeves, Doc Cheatham, Lionel Hampton.

Barbarin died of cancer in New Orleans on January 30, 2020 at the age of 63.

Luboš Dobrovský

Luboš Dobrovský (born Luboš Hamerschlag; 3 February 1932 – 30 January 2020) was a Czech journalist, activist and politician. He signed Charta 77 in the 1970s and was a spokesman of the Civic Forum in 1989. He was the Minister of Defence from 1990 to 1992 and Ambassador to Russia from 1996 to 2000. He was born in Kolín, Czechoslovakia.

Dobrovský died on 30 January 2020 in Prague at the age of 87.

Pony Express

The Pony Express was a mail delivering service started on April 3, 1860. It ended on October 26, 1861. It would normally deliver mail in about 10 days.

On October 24, 1861, the telegraph was completed. It sent messages faster than the Pony Express. The Pony Express shut down shortly after the telegraph was completed. It only lasted two days after the telegraph was first made.

To Save a Life

To Save a Life is a 2009 Christian drama movie directed by Brian Baugh. Actors in the movie include Randy Wayne, Deja Kreutzberg, Robert Bailey Jr., Steven Crowder and Sean Michael Afable. The movie was released in theaters in the United States on January 22, 2010. The movie was written by Jim Britts. The movie was #3 on Fandango's most requested tickets going into the weekend. The movie fell 53.6% in its second weekend to $733,457, and −63.2% to $269,684 in its third. The total sales accumulated $3,777,210.



Mutt &amp; Stuff

Mutt and Stuff is a children's television series that started on Nickelodeon on March 6, 2015. The show ended on November 1, 2017.

On October 13, 2015, Nickelodeon let Mutt and Stuff have 20 new episodes.

On August 17, 2016, Nickelodeon let Mutt and Stuff have 13 more episodes. Meaning season 2 had a total of 33 episodes.

Season 1 started on March 6, 2015. Season 2 premiered on August 19, 2016. On November 1, 2017, Mutt and Stuff aired its final episode and ended.

Gauteng

Gauteng ( ; ; Sotho: "Gauteng" ; ; Tsonga: "Gauteng/eXilungwini;" Ndebele, ; ; ) is a province of South Africa. It is the smallest province by area, though it also has the greatest number of people. Its capital is Johannesburg, the largest city in South Africa. It also hosts South Africa's executive capital, Pretoria.

The province borders the provinces of North West (west), the Free State (south), Limpopo (north), and Mpumalanga (east).


North West (South African province)

North West (; Southern Sotho: ; ) is a province of South Africa. Its capital is Mahikeng, but its largest city is Klerksdorp.

The province is located on the border with Botswana. It borders the South African provinces of Gauteng, Northern Cape, Limpopo and the Free State, as well as the Motswana districts of Kgalagadi, Southern, and South-eastern.


Čavoglave

Čavoglave is a village in Croatia. It has a population of 300. It is part of the Ružić municipality, in Šibenik-Knin County.

During the Croatian War of Independence in 1991, Čavoglave became well-known because of the band "Thompson"'s song "Bojna Čavoglave". The band's leader, Marko Perković, was born there. He built a "Church of Croatian Martyrs" in Čavoglave, as a memorial for Croatian Army soldiers and civilians who died during the Croatian War of Independence. There is an annual fund raising concert in honor of Victory and Homeland Thanksgiving Day in Čavoglave. Thousands of people visit the concert every year. The 2011 Croatian census said that the village had 300 people. 100% of them were Croatian and Roman Catholic.


Oscar N. Harris

Oscar N. Harris (November 6, 1939 – January 28, 2020) was an American accountant and politician. He was born in Newton Grove, North Carolina. He was a Democrat. He was a state senator from 1998 to 2002. He served as mayor of Dunn, North Carolina from 1987 to 1995 and again from 2003 to 2019.

Harris died on January 28, 2020, at the age of 80.

Dunn, North Carolina

Dunn is a city in Harnett County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 8,446. Oscar N. Harris served five terms as Dunn's mayor (1987–1995, 2003–2019).

Newton Grove, North Carolina

Newton Grove is a town in Sampson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 585.

Sampson County, North Carolina

Sampson County is the second-largest county in the U.S. state of North Carolina by area. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 59,036. The county seat is Clinton.

Lillington, North Carolina

Lillington is a town in and the county seat of Harnett County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 4,735.

Clinton, North Carolina

Clinton is a city in and the county seat of Sampson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 8,383.

Ian Bartholomew

Ian Bartholomew (born 23 August 1954) is a British actor from Cheshire, England who has worked widely in both theatre and television. In March 2018, Bartholomew joined the cast of the ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", as the abusive Geoff Metcalfe.

LibriVox

LibriVox is a group of worldwide volunteers who read and record public domain texts creating free public domain audiobooks for download from their website and other digital library hosting sites on the internet. It was founded in 2005 by Hugh McGuire to provide "Acoustical liberation of books in the public domain" and the LibriVox objective is "To make all books in the public domain available, for free, in audio format on the internet".

On 6 August 2016, the project completed project number 10,000. and from 2009–2017 was producing about 1,000 items per year. Most releases are in the English language, but many non-English works are also available. There are multiple affiliated projects that are providing additional content. LibriVox is closely affiliated with Project Gutenberg from where the project gets some of its texts, and the Internet Archive that hosts their offerings.




Mileva Marić

Mileva Marić (1875-1948) was a Serbian physicist. She was one of the first women to study physics. She was Albert Einstein's first wife. They were married from 1902 to 1919. They had a daughter, Lieserl, born in 1902, and two sons, Hans-Albert and Eduard. 

Marić and Einstein separated in 1914. Marić took the boys and returned to Zurich from Berlin. They divorced in 1919. That same year Einstein married again. When he won the Nobel Prize in 1921, he gave the money to Marić to support their sons. She could use the interest earned by the prize money.

Wives of King Henry VIII

Henry VIII had six wives, Catherine of Aragon, Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Anne of Cleves, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr (in that order). All of his wives, except for Catherine Parr, died or were divorced by Henry VIII.

Catherine of Aragon was his first wife. She was married to Henry for almost 24 years, but they divorced after failing to produce a son. Her daughter was the future Queen of England.

Anne Boleyn was his second wife and was beheaded after cheating on Henry and not producing a son. Her daughter was the future Queen of England.

Jane Seymour was his third wife. She gave birth to a son but died of childbed fever.

Henry fell in love with Anne of Cleves's portrait, however when he met her, she didn't look like she did on her picture, thus causing Henry and Anne to get divorced within 6 months.

At about 16 years old, Catherine Howard was next in line for the hand of the king. However, after Henry found out about Catherine's affair, she was divorced and got beheaded.

Catherine Parr was the last of the six wives and outlived Henry. Almost a year and a half later, after Henry's death, Catherine Parr died after giving birth to her daughter, Mary Seymour.

Šibenik-Knin County

Šibenik-Knin County (; Croatian "Šibensko-kninska županija" ) is a county in southern Croatia. It is located in the north central part of Dalmatia. The biggest city in the county is Šibenik. It is the county seat. Other large towns in the county are Knin, Drniš and Skradin.

The size of the county is 2984 km. It has 242 islands. It has the national parks Krka and Kornati.


Islands:

In 2011, Šibenik-Knin County had a population of 109,375. Croats are 87.39% of the population.

In 1991, before the Croatian War of Independence, most of the people in the county were Croats. Serbs were 34.2%.

Myotonic dystrophy

Myotonic dystrophy is a genetic disorder that affects the muscles. There are two main types: type 1 (DM1), caused by mutations in the DMPK gene, and type 2 (DM2), caused by mutations in the CNBP gene. There is no cure for myotonic dystrophy.

Alex Bain (actor)

Alexander Anthony Keith Bain (born 25 November 2001) is an English actor. He is known for playing Simon Barlow in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role he has played since 2008. He was born in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.

Elle Mulvaney

Elle Jade Mulvaney (born 1 October 2002) is an English actress. She is known for playing Amy Barlow in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role she has played since 2010.

Misurata province

Misurata Province (), or even "Misurata, Libya", was one of the provinces of Libya under Italian rule. It was established in 1937 with the official name: "Commissariato Generale Provinciale di Misurata". Much of the area of "Provincia di Misurata" became "Misrata District" with the independence of Libya after World War II.

Misurata Province (called even "Misrata Province") was located in northern Italian Libya, between the "Tripoli Province" and the "Bengazi Province". Its administrative center was the small city of Misurata on the Mediterranean coast.

It was divided in three sections ("Circondari" in Italian):


The population in the 1939 Census was of nearly 225,000 inhabitants, most of which were Arabs and Berbers. The Italians were nearly 10,000 and were concentrated in Misurata, Homs and some newly created villages for Italian colonists (Gioda, Crispi, Littoriano, Corradini, etc.)

Most of the population was Muslim, but there was a growing community of Catholics due to the Italian colonists immigration. Additionally there were nearly one thousand Jews in Misurata.

The province from 1939 was considered officially part of the Kingdom of Italy, with the same laws. It was one of the 4 new Italian provinces of the so-called "Quarta Sponda" (Fourth Shore) of Mussolini's Greater Italia. Indeed on January 9, 1939, the colony of Italian Libya was incorporated into "metropolitan Italy" and thereafter considered an integral part of the Italian state (the French, in 1848, had incorporated "French Algeria" in the same manner).


Neutrality Acts of the 1930s

The Neutrality Acts of the 1930s were a series of programs, public work projects, financial reforms, and regulations enacted by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in the United States between 1933 and 1939. It responded to needs for relief, reform, and recovery from the Great Depression.

Jane Slavin

Jane Slavin (born 11 March 1970) is an English actress and novelist. Slavin was the winner of the 1989 BBC Radio Drama Carleton Hobbs Award. She has appeared on television in Lewis, Doctors, Peak Pratice, Cathy Jordan, Ward Sister in the ITV medical drama series Always and Everyone, Wendy Neeson in Coronation Street, the Doctor Who full-cast radio drama The Paradise of Death, The Bill, Wycliffe, Mairget, Clocking Off, Casualty and Heartbeat.
She was born in Salford, Lancashire, Greater Manchester, England, United Kingdom about 2 teachers in peoples life.

Horn District

The Horn District is a district in the Austrian state of 
Lower Austria.

Towns are indicated in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Waidhofen an der Thaya District

The Waidhofen an der Thaya District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Young Plan

The Young Plan was a pact that was finalized in 1929, that mainly aimed to lighten the reparation burden on Germany by 20%. But it also made the removal of Belgian, British and French troops from the Rhineland (this was a demilitarized zone of Germany as agreed upon in the Treaty of Versailles). The key negotiator in this on the German side was Gustav Stresemann, he was just done with this before he died.

Waidhofen an der Thaya

Waidhofen an der Thaya is an Austrian town in the state of Lower Austria. The town is the capital of the district of the same name. It is on the German Thaya river.



Yangzhou

Yangzhou () is a prefecture-level city in central Jiangsu Province, China. It sits on the north bank of the Yangtze. In 2010, 4,459,760 people lived there. Yangzhou was very wealthy in the history. For a long time, it was famous for its great businessperson's families, poets, artists, and scholars.

Changsha

Changsha () is the capital and most populous city in Hunan Province, People's Republic of China. It is in the southern central part of the country. In 2022, 10.4206 million people lived there.

Changsha administers 6 districts, 1 county and 2 county-level cities:

Hermann Ehlers

Hermann Ehlers (1 October 1904 – 29 October 1954) was a German politician. He was the 2nd President of the Bundestag from 19 October 1950 to 29 October 1954.

He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU).

Chocolate ice cream

Chocolate ice cream is a type of ice cream and dessert. Usually, its made from cocoa powder. Sugar or artificial sweetener is added as well. Chocolate ice cream is commonly available in stores.

Northern Cape

The Northern Cape (; ; ) is the largest and most populated province of South Africa. It was created on 27 April 1994 when the Cape Province was split up. Its capital is Kimberley.

Bollinger County, Missouri

Bollinger County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Marble Hill. In 2020, 10,567 people lived there.

Magdalena Department

Magdalena Department is a department in northern Colombia by the Caribbean Sea. The capital is Santa Marta and was named after the Magdalena River.

Tom Bean, Texas

Tom Bean is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 930.

It is found at (33.520811, -96.482826).

Ukrainian State Film Agency

The Ukrainian State Film Agency (Ukrainian: Державне агентство України з питань кіно; romanization: "Derzhavne ahent·stvo Ukrayiny z pytanʹ kino"), known in short as Dergkino (Держкіно), is the central executive body of cinematography in Ukraine. It was created in 2006.

Ratings issued by the Dergkino as of the latest amendment in 2015:


Peanut butter sandwich

A peanut butter sandwich is a type of sandwich that has peanut butter, but no jelly. Like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, it has bread. It has 327 calories (fat).



Wharram Percy

Wharram Percy is a deserted medieval village (DMV) in North Yorkshire, England. It has been settled since prehistory, but was largest during the 10th through 12th centuries. The "Domesday Book" talks about it, and says that it was called 'Warran' or 'Warron'. It was owned by the Percy family of aristocrats. Around the year 1400, it came under the ownership of the Hylton family of aristocrats. They decided to use the land in and around the village for sheep, because it made more money back then. In the early 16th century, the last part of the village was destroyed to make room for sheep pasture.


Guy

Guy may refer to:





Shakib Khan

Shakib Khan () is an actor in the Bangladeshi movie industry. He made his debut in "Ananta Bhalobasha" (1999), and established himself as one of the most successful actors in Bengali Cinema. Khan has received various awards, including four National Movie Awards for Best Actor, for "Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na" (2010), "Khodar Pore Ma" (2012), "Aro Bhalobashbo Tomay" (2015) and Swatta (2017) and Eight Meril Prothom Alo Awards.

Shakib is also a producer. His first produced movie was "Hero The Superstar" under his own banner SK films.


Haakon Chevalier

Haakon Maurice Chevalier (September 10, 1901 – July 4, 1985) was an American author, translator, and professor of French literature at the University of California, Berkeley best known for his friendship with physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer, whom he met at Berkeley, California in 1937. He translated many works by Salvador Dalí, André Malraux, Vladimir Pozner, Louis Aragon, Frantz Fanon and Victor Vasarely into English.

Chevalier was born on September 10, 1901 in Lakewood Township, New Jersey and died on July 4, 1985 in Paris at the age of 83.

Miguel Arroyo

Miguel Arroyo Rosales (6 December 1966 – 30 January 2020) was a Mexican road racing cyclist. He was a professional from 1989 to 1997. He was born in Huamantla, Mexico.

Arroyo died at a hospital in Puebla, Mexico on 30 January 2020 from surgery-related problems, aged 53.

Homero Gómez González

Homero Gómez González ( – January 2020) was a Mexican environmental activist, agricultural engineer and politician. He was the manager of El Rosario Monarch Butterfly Preserve, a part of the Monarch Butterfly Biosphere Reserve. Gómez was mayor and commissioner of , Michoacán.

Gómez was last seen alive on 13 January 2020 attending a meeting in the village of . More than two weeks after his disappearance, his body was found in an agricultural reservoir in Ocampo, aged 50.

Khaled Bichara

Khaled Bichara (, ) (July 27, 1971 – January 31, 2020) was an Egyptian businessman. He was the Chairman of Dada.it and Chief Executive Officer of Accelero Capital.

Bichara was Chief Executive Officer of Orascom Telecom Media and Technology OTMT, Group President and Chief Operating Officer of VimpelCom Ltd., and Executive Chairman of Global Telecom Holding.

Bichara played an important role in the merger of VEON and Wind Telecom to create the world's sixth-largest telecommunications carrier.

Bichara died in a car crash in Giza, Egypt on 31 January 2020 at the age of 48.


Alexander Joseph Brunett

Alexander Joseph Brunett (January 17, 1934 – January 31, 2020) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Seattle from 1997 until his retirement in 2010. Brunett was the Bishop of Helena from 1994 to 1997 and after his retirement he was apostolic administrator of the Diocese of Oakland, California from 2012 to 2013. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Brunett died on January 31, 2020 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 86.

President of Slovenia

The office of President of Slovenia, officially President of the Republic of Slovenia (), was created on 23 December 1991 when the National Assembly passed a new Constitution as a result of independence from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

Parties; 


Danilo Türk

Danilo Türk (; born 19 February 1952) is a Slovenian politician. He was President of Slovenia from 2007 to 2012.

In 2016, Türk was an unsuccessful candidate for the post of Secretary-General of the United Nations.


Janez Drnovšek

Janez Drnovšek (; 17 May 1950 – 23 February 2008) was a Slovenian liberal politician. He was President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia (1989–1990), Prime Minister of Slovenia (1992–2002) and President of Slovenia (2002–2007).

Milan Kučan

Milan Kučan (; born 14 January 1941) is a Slovene politician. He was the first President of Slovenia from 1991 to 2002.

Prime Minister of Slovenia

The prime minister of Slovenia, officially the president of the Government of the Republic of Slovenia (), is the head of the Government of the Republic of Slovenia. 

There have been nine officeholders since the country gained parliamentary democracy in 1989 and independence in 1991.

Christian democrats:

Liberals:

Conservatives:

Social democrats:

Green:

Dušan Sernec (1929) 

Drago Marušič (1929-1935) 

Dinko Puc (1935) 

Boris Kidrič (1945-1946) 

Miha Marinko (1946-1953) 

Boris Kraigher (1953-1962) 

Viktor Avbelj (1962-1965) 

Janko Smole (1965-1967) 

Stane Kavčič (1967-1972) 

Andrej Marinc (1972-1978) 

Anton Vratuša (1978-1980) 

Janez Zemljarič (1980-1984) 

Dušan Šinigoj (1984-1990) 

Mary Higgins Clark

Mary Theresa Eleanor Higgins Clark Conheeney (née Higgins; December 24, 1927 – January 31, 2020), known professionally as Mary Higgins Clark, was an American writer of suspense novels. Each of her 51 books was a bestseller in the United States. Her best known works were "A Stranger Is Watching", "A Cry in the Night" and "Remember Me". Clark was born in New York City.

Clark died in Naples, Florida on January 31, 2020 at the age of 92.


Janez Stanovnik

Janez Stanovnik (4 August 1922 – 31 January 2020) was a Slovenian economist, politician, and Partisan. He was the last President of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia between 1988 and 1990. From 2003 to 2013, he was the president of the Slovenian Partisan Veterans' Association.

Dalip Kaur Tiwana

Dalip Kaur Tiwana (4 May 1935 – 31 January 2020) was an Indian novelist and short-story writer. She wrote about contemporary Punjabi literature. She won awards, both regional and national, and was a widely translated author. 

In 1963, she joined the Punjabi University, Patiala as a Lecturer and then went on to become Professor and Head of the Department of Punjabi, and Dean, Faculty of Languages. She was also a UGC National Lecturer for a year.

In 2004, she was awarded the Padma Shri Award in 2004.

Tiwana died on 31 January 2020 of lung disease in Punjab, India at the age of 84.

Livingston County, Missouri

Livingston County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Chillicothe. In 2020, 14,557 people lived there.

Pettis County, Missouri

Pettis County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Sedalia. In 2020, 42,980 people lived there.

Lilienfeld District

The Lilienfeld District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Melk District

The Melk District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Golling an der Erlauf

Golling an der Erlauf is a municipality in Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Keytesville, Missouri

Keytesville is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Chariton County.

Sandra Huggett

Sandra Huggett (born 20 September 1973 in Surrey, England) is an English actress best known for her roles in the Channel 5 soap opera Family Affairs, and ITV's Coronation Street. She grew up in Ross-On-Wye, Herefordshire, but now lives in North London.

Philip Hill-Pearson

Philip Hill-Pearson (born 16 June 1987 in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England) is a British actor; He trained at East 15 Acting School, graduating in 2009. He is best known for his roles in United, War Horse, Shameless, Good Cop, WPC 56, Common, Doctors, No Offence, Vera, and Coronation Street as DC Hough.

Simon Naylor

Simon Naylor (born 1983) is an English movie, stage and television actor. He was born in Bury, Greater Manchester.

Naylor trained in the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. He is known for his role as Micky/Dane Gibbs on the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street".

Lewis County, Missouri

Lewis County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Monticello. In 2020, 10,032 people lived there.

Lasagna

Lasagne (, , ; singular lasagna, ) are a type of wide, flat pasta. It is an Italian dish made of stacked layers of this flat pasta alternating with fillings such as ragù (a meat sauce or tomato sauce) and other vegetables, cheese (which may include ricotta and parmesan), and seasonings and spices such as garlic, oregano and basil.

S'more

A S'more is a snack food eaten during camping trips, because you can put the marshmallow on a stick and cook it over a campfire.
They are made using a graham cracker, chocolate, and a marshmallow. S'mores can have around 268 calories, but it can change if you use different kinds of chocolate, marshmallows, or graham crackers.
August 10 is National S'more Day.

Polk County, Missouri

Polk County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Bolivar. In 2020, 31,519 people lived there.

Holt County

Holt County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Holt County, Missouri

Holt County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Oregon. In 2020, 4,223 people lived there.

Donnaleigh Bailey

Donnaleigh Bailey (born 17 January 1983 in Balsall Heath, Birmingham, England) is an English actress. She is known for her role in the BBC's "Doctors", "Shameless", ITV's "Coronation Street" and "Dangerfield".

Rainbow Butterfly Unicorn Kitty

Rainbow Butterfly Unicorn Kitty (shorter name RBUK) is a American animated preschool series. Its first episode was seen on Nickelodeon on January 27, 2019. It currently airs reruns on Nicktoons and will air on Nick Jr. in 2023.

Taylor, Texas

Taylor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and in Williamson County, Texas. As of 2020, 16,267 people have lived there.

Kyle, Texas

Kyle is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and it is in Hays County, Texas. As of 2020, 45,697 people has lived there.

Leander, Texas

Leander is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Elgin, Texas

Elgin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in both Bastrop and Travis counties. In 2020, 9,784 people live in Elgin.

Lago Vista, Texas

Lago Vista is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Penguin (biscuit)

Penguins are a type of biscuit that is made in Lancashire. They are a bar shaped biscuits that are covered in milk chocolate. The biscuits are filled with chocolate cream. Pladis' manufacturing division McVitie's makes them at their factory in Stockport.

They were first made in 1932 by William McDonald, a biscuit manufacturer in Glasgow. They became a brand of McVitie's when McDonald joined with McVitie's and Price, MacFarlane Lang & Co and Crawford to create United Biscuits in 1948. Each wrapper has a joke or "funny fact" printed on it and designs that feature penguins that are often in styles like that of famous works of art. These designs are usually funny.

In the 1980s, Penguin became known for their television advertising slogan "P...P...P...Pick up a penguin!”

In October 1996, United Biscuits sued Asda because they said Asda said their own brand of "Puffin" biscuits were part of the Penguin brand. In March 1997, United Biscuits won the case. The court found out Asda had not broken any laws on how the Penguin brand could be used. 

United Biscuits was criticised for still using trans fatty acids in the cream filling of Penguins. By December 2007, United Biscuits began to publicly say trans fats are not in Penguins anymore. 

The Tim Tam made by Arnott's in Australia was based on the Penguin. Occasional references in the media include tongue-in-cheek debates over which biscuit is better.

There are currently three versions of the biscuit:

In 2002, McVitie's made some versions of the Penguin biscuit: Penguin Chukkas, Wing Dings, Flipper Dipper, Splatz and Mini Splatz. There is a £5 million promotional campaign for the biscuits. In 2008, McVitie's also made Penguin triple chocolate wafers.


System/370

The System/370 or S/370 was a mainframe architecture, IBM built in the 1970s. The System was mostly compatible with System/360, which IBM had built before. >Many applications coulds be re-used. The biggest change was that S/370 could handle virtual memory. The S/370 used tape drives and hard drives as mass storage device. The System/390 replaced the System/370 in the 1990s. 


Jekyll (TV series)

Jekyll is a British television drama serial shown on BBC One. Steven Moffat wrote all six episodes. Douglas Mackinnon and Matt Lipsey directed three episodes each.

It was made by Hartswood Films and Stagescreen Productions. The series also got funding from BBC America.

The series is a sequel to the novella "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde", and not an adaptation of it. The Robert Louis Stevenson tale is used as a backstory within the series.

It stars James Nesbitt as Tom Jackman, a modern-day descendant of Dr. Jekyll. He has recently begun transforming into a version of Mr. Hyde (also played by Nesbitt). Jackman is aided by psychiatric nurse Katherine Reimer, played by Michelle Ryan. Gina Bellman appears as Claire, Tom's wife.

Filming took place around southern England in late 2006. The series was first shown on BBC One in June and July 2007.

Doctor Tom Jackman (James Nesbitt) is a married father of two. He has abandoned his family without explanation to live in a heavily fortified basement flat. He hires psychiatric nurse Katherine Reimer (Michelle Ryan) to help him. After explaining a set of elaborate security procedures to Katherine, he straps himself into a metal chair and undergoes a transformation.

Katherine observes that Tom's alter ego exhibits rage, heightened senses, strength and speed, and a flirtatious manner. She assures this persona she will keep his secrets just as she keeps Tom's. She asks for guarantees he will not harm her. Tom's alter ego takes Hyde's name. The two agree an uneasy truce. They share a body, but neither remembers what the other did while in charge. They use a micro cassette recorder to leave messages for each other.

When Tom began transforming into the violent Hyde, he feared for his family's safety. He chose to isolate himself from them. He visits his wife Claire (Gina Bellman). During the visit, Hyde assumes control and learns about Tom's family.

Miranda Callendar, played by Meera Syal, is a detective employed by Claire. She tells Tom that "Jekyll and Hyde" was not fiction, but a version of actual events. Miranda shows Tom a picture of the real Doctor Jekyll who lived in Edinburgh in the 19th century. Tom is startled to see that Jekyll looks exactly like him.

Tom is also being watched by a private security team led by an American named Benjamin, played by Paterson Joseph. The team works for his former employers at the biotechnology firm, Klein and Utterson. The team is directed by his friend Peter Syme, played by Denis Lawson.

When Benjamin puts Tom's children at risk, Hyde asserts himself, and kills a lion. At the hospital he is approached by Sophia, an elderly woman who claims to be his mother, but before he can question her she disappears.

Tom confronts Peter, who attempts to drug him. This provokes Hyde to appear and take Peter and Claire hostage. Claire argues that they need to find a cure for Tom's condition. Hyde kills Benjamin. Peter says that Klein and Utterson have had a cure for a long time. Tom is captured and locked inside a metal coffin.

Katherine and Miranda confront Peter, claiming they know the truth about Tom. Miranda thinks that Klein and Utterson have access to cloning technology and that Tom is Jekyll's clone. Peter denies this and orders them taken away to be killed.

Peter reveals to Claire that Tom's treatment will make him into one persona. If it is Hyde, he will be kept for research. They will make the potion that turned the original Jekyll into Hyde. If it is Tom, she will be free to take him home. When the box is opened, Hyde is dominant.

In a flashback triggered by genetic memory, Hyde has a vision of a meeting between Jekyll and Robert Louis Stevenson, the author of "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde". Stevenson agrees to write a fictional version of Jekyll's case but reveals that he knows the truth: there is no potion. Instead, Jekyll was transformed into Hyde by his love for Alice, a maid within his household. Flashbacks into Tom's own life show his Hyde first appeared during a seaside holiday with Claire, after the pair were accosted by hooligans.

Enraged by further threats to Tom's family, Hyde escapes from Klein and Utterson. Ms. Utterson, a ruthless redheaded American woman at the head of Klein and Utterson, takes Claire and her sons hostage at a private estate. She locks the twins in miniature versions of the coffin used on their father.

Tom's alleged mother, Sophia, appears on the premises and helps Claire escape her locked bedroom. She tells Claire how Klein and Utterson had tried to clone Doctor Jekyll but had been unsuccessful. Claire meets several of the failed attempts in the basement of the building. They are disfigured and in a near-vegetative state. Sophia explains that Tom is a descendant of Doctor Jekyll, through Mr Hyde, and by chance "a perfect throwback, a chance in a million". Klein and Utterson had discovered this and had watched him from when he was six-months-old. In order to trigger his transformation into Hyde, they created a clone of Alice, the maid whom Jekyll had loved. This clone is Claire herself.

Hyde tries to rescue Tom's family from Klein and Utterson. He kills Peter. There is a stand-off, with Tom and Claire's sons held hostage and suffocating. The Hyde personality is apparently killed when he is shot with multiple bullets and then manages to avoid 'sharing the damage' by taking the wounds onto himself while allowing Tom to assume his undamaged, healthy form, leaving Doctor Jackman as the only personality.

Six months later, Tom has tracked down Sophia, the woman who claimed to be his mother. When he questions her about his father, she reveals that she is the descendant of Hyde. He had inherited the family curse from her. As Tom watches horrified, the powerless, tired, grey-haired Sophia transforms into her own version of the Hyde persona, the red-headed Ms Utterson.


Jeffrey Tayor of Stagescreen Productions had the idea of a modern version of "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" in the mid-1990s. He attempted to get it produced in the United States, but all three attempts fell through. He returned to England and joined with Hartswood Films when Elaine Cameron was looking for ideas for a supernatural thriller. Cameron approached Steven Moffat for a script. A six-part series was commissioned by the BBC's Jane Tranter and John Yorke in November 2005.
BBC America gave co-production funding in March 2006. The producers regularly met with Moffat for brainstorming sessions. The producers invited Moffat to "write anything", with the intention of cutting the material back later. However, they were reluctant to cut material once they saw it on the page. The first episode starts with Jackman already knowing about his alter ego. Because the plot of "Jekyll" begins after the story has developed for the characters, Nesbitt says that the show feels like it is a second series.

Moffat explicitly describes the series as a sequel, rather than an adaptation. He said the Jekyll of the original story really existed, and Jackman is his "modern-day descendant dealing with the same problems". As "Jekyll and Hyde" is such a well-known phrase, Moffat labored over what to call the series, eventually deciding upon "Jekyll" because that word "carries the name Hyde". The final episode replaces the title "Jekyll" with "Hyde". Producer Elaine Cameron says the one word title gives the series a "very modern feel". Moffat initially named the character Jekyll rather than Jackman, but found it cumbersome to constantly explain that the book had not been written in this alternate universe. Instead he chose a version where the book exists, but changed the name to Jackman. Otherwise, Cameron felt, the character would appear stupid by not realising what was happening when turning into Hyde.

The scene between Tom and Katherine was expanded slightly in the sixth episode to keep their relationship active to facilitate a second series. However, no further episodes were commissioned. In an August 2007 interview, Moffat told Alan Sepinwall of "The Star-Ledger" that he had a sequel written for the miniseries "should the BBC be interested".

Following "Jekyll," Moffat became a co-writer on "Sherlock."

James Nesbitt and his agent attended a meeting with Jane Tranter in late 2005 regarding the 2006 series of "Murphy's Law". At the conclusion of the meeting, she offered him a script for "Jekyll", suggesting that he might like the role. Nesbitt took the script role as a way of putting a distance between his previous work. The casting of Nesbitt as Tom Jackman and Hyde was publicised on 12 December 2005, but filming was not scheduled to begin until September 2006, increasing Nesbitt's anticipation to play the roles. Writer Steven Moffat said that the dual-role required a very skilled actor, and a well-known actor was necessary because it was such an expensive show to produce. The production team decided Nesbitt's two characters would be mainly differentiated over a change in performance rather than by extensive make-up because they wanted Hyde to be able to walk around in public without attracting attention.

Michelle Ryan was revealed to have been cast as Jekyll's assistant, Katherine Reimer, in August 2006. Ryan believed herself to be too young for the part, though that aspect had already been written into the character. To prepare, she consulted the Royal College of Psychiatry. Ryan dyed her hair red for the role to help differentiate her from Tom Jackman's wife. Denis Lawson was cast as Peter Syme. The actor consulted his post-graduate son for information on Syme's job.

Moffat initially doubted Gina Bellman's suitability for the role of Claire Jackman because he associated her too much with Jane Christie, the character she had played in his sitcom "Coupling". Moffat did not imagine the character to be as beautiful as Bellman, but her audition was so good that he revised his vision of the character. Bellman originally auditioned for the role of Katherine, but the producers wanted someone younger to play that role. However, Bellman said that she talked herself out of the role by arguing that there should be an age gap between Katherine and Claire to avoid Katherine becoming a threat to the wife. Bellman approached her role as if Claire had become caught up in Tom's mid-life crisis, an angle that impressed the producers.

Meera Syal was attracted to her role because Miranda was not a clichéd private detective and she thought the humour was "fresh". During the second filming block, Mark Gatiss briefly joined the cast, playing the small but important role of Robert Louis Stevenson in flashback scenes in episode five.

Other roles included Paterson Joseph as Benjamin Maddox, Linda Marlowe as Ms Utterson and Al Hunter Ashton as Christopher.

The series was filmed in two blocks of three episodes. The first three were directed by Douglas Mackinnon and the second three episodes by Matt Lipsey. It took an hour of make-up each day to turn Nesbitt into Hyde; a hairpiece lowered his hairline and prosthetics were added to his chin, nose and ear lobes. He also wore black contact lenses to make Hyde "soulless". The producers decided that Hyde's imminent arrival would be indicated by the flash of a black eye. The eye imagery evolved during filming, and did not appear in the script.

Filming began in September 2006 with the zoo sequence from the second episode. Benjamin's team have set Tom up to force out Hyde by placing his son, Eddie, in the lion's den. Writing the sequence at a late stage in the production, Moffat wanted to compare Hyde's natural instinct to kill to that of a lion. This was shot on location at Heythrop Zoo, a private zoo in Chipping Norton run by Jim Clubb, whose firm Amazing Animals specialises in training animals for cinema and television. The Norman Foster-designed building in Chertsey, Surrey, which then housed the European Headquarters of video game designer and publisher Electronic Arts, was used as The Klein & Utterson Institute. A large country estate near Henley-on-Thames and in Bognor Regis was used for some of the scenes. A disused Boys' school in Gloucestershire, and the Hammer House in Wardour Street, Soho were used in episode six. Filming concluded on 20 December 2006.

The production team had twelve days to shoot each episode. Director Douglas Mackinnon says this was the biggest challenge of the project. The required amount of material was shot for most of the episodes. However, an extra twenty minutes of material was filmed for episode six. Director Matt Lipsey recalls that the team struggled to cut the extra material whilst maintaining the integrity of the episode. Lipsey credits Moffat for not "being precious" over his material during the editing process. His willingness to cut superfluous material meant that he was taken seriously when he argued for something to be retained.

The music was composed by Debbie Wiseman.

"Jekyll" was shown on BBC One on Saturday nights at 9p.m. A two-week break occurred between showings of the third and fourth episodes because the Live Earth benefit concert was broadcast during its timeslot on 7 July.

The series began on BBC America from 4 August 2007, as part of a "Supernatural Saturday" programming strand.

In Australia, "Jekyll" began on ABC1, Sundays at 8.30 p.m. from 2 March 2008. There was a double episode back-to-back each week. In Canada, "Jekyll" began on Showcase, at the end of August 2007 and on BBC Canada, Wednesdays at 10:00 p.m. from 26 March 2008. In Hong Kong, Wednesday at 11:55 p.m. from 11 February 2009 on TVB Pearl. In the Netherlands, "Jekyll" was broadcast in the summer of 2009 on Sci-Fi Channel.

Certain edits were made to the United Kingdom broadcasts in order to remove language unsuitable for Saturday night BBC One audiences. For example, a line spoken by Hyde in episode one was changed from "Who the fuck is Mr Hyde?" to "Who the hell is Mr Hyde?"

James Jackson of "The Times" rated the first episode four out of five stars, calling Nesbitt's performance as Hyde "as entertainingly [over the top] as a dozen "Doctor Who" villains, with a palpable sense of menace to boot". The conspiracy plot is praised as a storyline that separates this series from other adaptations. "The Daily Telegraph's" Stephen Pile criticised the script for "veering between Hammer horror and larky humour". James Walton called the first episode a combination of "a good yarn with several nicely thoughtful touches". David Cornelius of "DVDTalk" said "six episodes, 300 minutes, not a single one of them wasted. 'Jekyll' is this year's finest television event".
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation, commenting on the series being part of their 2008 line-up, said "This classic horror tale has been given a modern make-over that will leave you on the edge of your seat and begging for more. James Nesbitt is outstanding as the new Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde". Nesbitt was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television for his roles. Paterson Joseph received a mention in the nominations for the 2008 Screen Nation awards.

The BBFC rated all episodes as a 15 certificate on 11 June 2007. "Jekyll: Season One" was released for region 2 on 30 July 2007 by Contender Home Entertainment. It includes uncut episodes, including restoration of some swearing cut from the BBC broadcasts. As DVD Verdict says about this uncut version, "the language is saucier, the violence a bit more bloody, and the sex more primal." The disc contains audio commentaries on two episodes: producer Elaine Cameron, writer Steven Moffat and first-block director Douglas Mackinnon comment on episode one, while executive producer Beryl Vertue, second-block director Matt Lipsey and actress Gina Bellman comment upon the sixth episode. The set also contains two documentaries: "Anatomy of a Scene" focuses upon the production of the zoo sequence in episode two, while "The Tale Retold" covers the evolution of the series. The first Region 1 release occurred in the United States on 18 September 2007, although the Region 1 Canadian release was delayed until 9 October, following the Canadian broadcast of the series on Showcase, which commenced at the end of August 2007.

In May 2016, Variety reported that Lionsgate will develop an adaptation of the BBC miniseries with Ellen DeGeneres and Jeff Kleeman In July 2016, it was announced that Chris Evans would play the leading role. In December 2016, it was announced that Ruben Fleischer will direct the film.


Forsyth, Montana

Forsyth is a city of Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Rosebud County. About 1,600 people lived there in 2020.

Forsyth was established in 1876 as the first settlement on the Yellowstone River.

Libby, Montana

Libby is a city of Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Lincoln County. As of the 2020 census, 2,775 people lived there.

Libby is in the Kootenai National Forest, between the Cabinet Mountains to the south and the Purcell Mountains to the north. It is along the Kootenai River, and downstream from the Libby Dam. Libby is at an elevation of above sea level.

Hardin, Montana

Hardin is a city of Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Big Horn County. About 3,800 people lived there in 2020.

The Little Bighorn River joins the Bighorn River near the town. It is north of the Crow Indian Reservation.

Mercer County, Missouri

Mercer County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Princeton. In 2020, 3,538 people lived there.

Harlowton, Montana

Harlowton is a city of Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Wheatland County. About 1,000 people lived there in 2020.

Harlowton was founded in 1900 as a station stop on the Montana Railroad. Harlowton is surrounded by the Crazy, Little Belt and Big Snowy Mountains, which are a part of the Lewis and Clark National Forest. 

Malta, Montana

Malta is a city in Montana, United States. It is the county seat of Phillips County. About 1,900 people lived there in 2020.

One of the best preserved dinosaurs ever discovered was unearthed north of Malta in 2000. The Great Plains Dinosaur Museum and Field Station is in Malta.

The Little Rocky Mountains are south of the town.

Henry County, Missouri

Henry County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Clinton. In 2020, 21,946 people lived there. The county was organized on December 13, 1834.

Tooele, Utah

Tooele is a city in Tooele County, Utah.

Chef Boyardee

Chef Boyardee is a food company founded in 1928. It is a public company. It mainly serves microwaveable foods. The company was founded by Italian immigrant Hector Boiardi in Milton, Pennsylvania, U.S., in 1928.

Mini ABCs and 123s with Meatballs is a food product of Chef Boyardee. It is soup with alphabet letters and numbers. It also comes with meatballs. It has 220 calories.

Mini Ravioli is a food product of Chef Boyardee. It is soup that has raviolis in a smaller size in it. Like Mini ABCs and 123s with Meatballs, it has 220 calories. It comes in 2 sizes: 15 oz and 40 oz.

Beefaroni is a food product of Chef Boyardee. It is soup with beefaroni. 


Mike Moore

Michael Kenneth Moore (28 January 1949 – 2 February 2020) was a New Zealand politician, union organiser and author. He was a member of the Labour Party. In 1990, he notably served as Minister of Foreign Affairs, and was Prime Minister for 59 days. Following Labour's defeat in the 1990 election, Moore served as Leader of the Opposition until the 1993 election. He served as director-general of the World Trade Organization from 1999 to 2002. He also held the post of New Zealand's ambassador to the United States from 2010 to 2015.

Moore was born in Whakatane. He was married to Yvonne Dereany. He died on 2 February 2020 in Auckland, at the age of 71.

Pitt County, North Carolina

Pitt County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 170,243 people lived there. Its county seat is Greenville.

Pitt County includes the Greenville Metropolitan Statistical Area. As one of the fastest growing centers in the state, the county has seen a population boom since 1990.

The county was made in 1760 from Beaufort County. It was named for William Pitt the Elder. Pitt was an English statesman and orator, born in London, England. He studied at Oxford University and in 1731 joined the army. Pitt led the young "Patriot" Whigs and in 1756 became secretary of state, where he was a pro-freedom speaker in British Colonial government.

 (0.4%) is water.


At the census of 2000, there were 133,798 people, 52,539 households, and 32,258 families living in the county. The population density was 205 people per square mile (79/km²). There were 58,408 housing units at an average density of 90 per square mile (35/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 62.08% White, 33.65% Black or African American, 0.27% Native American, 1.08% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.80% from other races, and 1.09% from two or more races. 3.15% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 52,539 households out of which 29.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.40% were married couples living together, 14.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.60% were non-families. 28.30% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the county, the population was spread out with 23.60% under the age of 18, 17.50% from 18 to 24, 29.90% from 25 to 44, 19.40% from 45 to 64, and 9.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 90.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.40 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $32,868, and the median income for a family was $43,971. Males had a median income of $31,962 versus $25,290 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,243. About 13.50% of families and 20.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.60% of those under age 18 and 20.20% of those age 65 or over.

At the census of 2010, there were 168,148 people residing in Pitt County, a 25.7% increase since 2000. Females made up 52.8% of the population. Caucasians make up 58.9% of the population, followed by African-Americans at 34.1%, Asian persons at 1.6%, American Indian or Alaskan at 0.3%, Hispanic at 5.5%, and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander at 0.1%. From the period of 2005 to 2009, the number of foreign-born people living in the county was at 4%.

The high school graduation rate in the county among citizens over the age of twenty-five from 2005-2009 was steady at 85%, while the percentage of those aged twenty-five and up with a bachelor's degree in the county was only 28.7% in the county during the same period of time.

In 2009, the median household income in Pitt County was $36,339, over $7,000 less than the North Carolina number and about 25.5% of Pitt County residents were at or below the poverty level. The per capita money income, in terms of 2009 dollars, in the past twelve months from 2005-2009 in Pitt County was $21,622, about $3,000 less than the North Carolina average.





In the early twentieth century Pitt was a typical Democratic "Solid South" county, where there were large numbers of disenfranchised blacks and the small white electorate voted overwhelming majorities for the Democratic Party. Pitt voted for the Democratic Party in every election from at least 1876 until American Independent candidate George Wallace gained a plurality in 1968. Apart from Richard Nixon's overwhelming victory over George McGovern in 1972, Pitt has since been a closely contested swing county, with no major party candidate post-McGovern falling under 40%.

Pitt County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments.

Pitt County is represented by Dr. Greg Murphy, Kandie Smith, and Chris Humphrey in the North Carolina House of Representatives and Donald G. Davis in the North Carolina Senate.

Private schools in Pitt County include:


Public schools in Pitt County are managed by Pitt County Schools.







American Airlines (Piedmont Airlines) serves the Pitt-Greenville Airport daily with connecting flights to Charlotte Douglas International Airport.



Ayden, North Carolina

Ayden is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 4,977 at the 2020 Census. The town is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area of North Carolina's Inner Banks region. The town holds an annual Collard Festival, and is home to many local businesses. It is one of North Carolina's smallest towns.

Ayden is located at (35.470973, -77.420740).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all of it land.

In 1891, William Henry Harris asked the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad to build a railroad depot on a portion of his farm in order to create a village. A parcel of land was divided into residential lots surrounding the depot in "Harristown". Harris owned every other lot in Harristown. Lots were sold and homes were built. Businesses began to open up to support the new residents, and on February 3, 1891, people in the town created a local government as "Ayden." Within a few years, the Carolina Christian College and the Free Will Baptist Seminary were established. By 1919, Ayden had full-time electricity supplied by the Ayden municipal light plant. In 1922, the Mutual Building and Loan Association of Ayden was organized to help families obtain mortgages (or loan) to build homes in Ayden.

After experiencing tough times during the Great Depression, and after the Second World War, the town began to grow. As the town got bigger, they made commercial, cultural, religious, and other establishments within and around Ayden. The community is still growing today, thanks to the continued development of Greenville because Greenville is an industrial and economic center for eastern North Carolina.

The Ayden Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

As of the census of 2020, there were 4,977 people in the city, organized into 2,206 households. This represents a population increase of 45 persons, or 0.9%, when compared to the 2010 census. The median age is 42.1 years for all persons (44.4 for females, 38.0 for males).

Of the total population, 21.3% are at least 65 years old, 23.9% are under the age of 18, with the remaining 54.8% of the population being from 18 to 64. Males comprise 44.5% and females make up 55.5% of the total population. Whites (non-Latino) make up 45.4% of the total population, African-Americans (non-Latino) make up 44.9%, Hispanics or Latinos represent 4.7%, and 3.8% of the population identifies itself as "Two or more races", non-Latino. Other races each represent less than 1% each of the total population.

Of the total 2,206 households, 1,293 are considered "Family households", and 689 have children under 18. The average household size is 2.26 persons. There are 2,516 total housing units, of which the 2,206 are households, for an occupancy rate of 87.7%. Of these households, 51.6% are owner-occupied, while 48.4% are renters.

As of 2022, the median (middle) income for a household in the city was $53,000, and the median income for a family was $71,354. The per capita income for the city was $25,067. 10.9% of families and 20.9% of the population are below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 19.0% of those under the age of 18 and 26.2% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.

Ayden has used the council-manager form of government since 1957. Under this form of government, the Town Board of Commissioners is the final authority of most matters related to managing the government. The Town Board employs a Town Manager to oversee the day-to-day operations of the Town. The Mayor and Town Board of Commissioners are the governing body of the Town. The Mayor acts as the official head of the government and spokesperson of the Board. The Mayor presides at all meeting of the Board and signs all documents authorized by the Board.

The Mayor Pro-Tem is selected by each new Board, and assumes all duties and responsibilities of the Mayor in his absence. The Mayor and Town Board, together, are responsible for establishing the policies for the general operation of the Town. The Town Board adopts ordinances, resolutions, budgets, authorizes contracts, and approves the financing of all Town operations. The Board also appoints the Town Manager and Town Attorney, along with members of various boards and commissions.

Education in Ayden is administered by the Pitt County Public School System. The three schools in Ayden include: Ayden Elementary School, Ayden Middle School and Ayden-Grifton High School.

Higher education is provided by Pitt Community College, located between Ayden and Greenville. East Carolina University is in downtown Greenville.

The Ayden Collard Festival is held the week immediately following Labor Day in September. The annual event started in 1975 and includes a Collard Queen contest which has been renamed as the Miss Ayden contest, sporting events, rides, live music, food, and a parade.


Andy Gill

Andrew James Dalrymple Gill (1 January 1956 – 1 February 2020) was a British post-punk guitarist and record producer. He was the lead guitarist for the British rock band Gang of Four, which he co-founded in 1976. 

Gill was known for his albums such as "Entertainment!" (1979) and "Solid Gold" (1981) and hit singles such as "At Home He's a Tourist," "Damaged Goods," "Anthrax," "What We All Want" and "I Love a Man in a Uniform".
Gill died on 1 February 2020 of pneumonia in London, aged 64.


Kent Riley

Kentigan Peter "Kent" Riley (born 9 April 1984) is an English actor, best known for his roles in Coronation Street, Hollyoaks, Weirdsister College, Brief Encounters, and Patty Dike Show: Still Rockin' in Brooklyn Heights.

He is born in Fazakerley, Liverpool, Merseyside, England. He goes to St Gregory's Nicholas School.

Manimuthar River (tributary of Thamirabarani)

Manimuthar River is a river in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India. It begins on the eastern slopes of the Western Ghats in the Tirunelveli District. It is a major tributary of the Thamirabarani River. Its length is .

Maurice Sanford Fox

Maurice Sanford Fox (October 11, 1924 – January 26, 2020) was an American geneticist and molecular biologist. He was professor Emeritus of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he was department chair between 1985 and 1989. He was important for the creation of the Council for a Livable World. 

Fox died on January 26, 2020 at the age of 95.

Sophie Thompson

Sophie Thompson (born 20 January 1962 in Hampstead, North London, England) is an English actress who has worked in the television soap opera "Coronation Street", which she portraying the role in 2018.

Péter Andorai

Péter Andorai (25 April 1948 – 1 February 2020) was a Hungarian actor. He appeared in over 90 movies beginning 1975. He starred in the 1980 movie "Bizalom", which was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear for Best Director.

Ilie Bărbulescu (footballer)

Ilie Bărbulescu (24 June 1957 – 1 February 2020) was a Romanian footballer. He was a member of Steaua București's winning squad for the European Cup in 1986 and for the European Supercup in 1987.

He played as a defender and spent the majority of his career with FC Argeș Pitești.

Bărbulescu also won five caps for the Romanian national team.

Jevons paradox

In economics, Jevons paradox is a paradox about resource usage. It is also called Jevons effect, after William Stanley Jevons who first observed it in 1865. Jevons observed that the steam engine James Watt had developed was much more efficient that the earlier model of Thomas Newcomen. Despite this, the use of coal in England increased. The improvements James Watt had introduced made coal a cheap source of energy. As a consequence, Watt's steam engine was more popular, and its use was more widespread. So even though each steam engine used less coal, the demand for coal increased, as there were more steam engines.

Jaswant Singh Kanwal

Jaswant Singh Kanwal (27 June 1919 – 1 February 2020) was an Indian writer and essayist. His works were of the Punjabi language. He was born in the village of Dhudike, Moga District, Punjab, India. He was awarded the Punjabi Sahit Shiromani Award in the year 2007. His best known novel was "Lahoo Di Lo" (Dawn of the Blood).


Nodaway County, Missouri

Nodaway County is a county located in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Maryville. In 2020, 21,241 people lived there.

Disappearance of Morgan Nick

Morgan Nick is a person who was born on September 12, 1988. She was kidnapped and went missing on June 9, 1995.

On June 9, 1995, Morgan and her family were at a baseball game. Around an hour later, Morgan asked her mother if she could get fireflies with her friends. Her mother did not want to allow Morgan to go at first, but agreed after other parents said that it would be safe. She was last seen getting sand out of her shoes next to her mothers vehicle. Her friends reported seeing a stranger. She was never seen again.

Pou (video game)

Pou is a virtual pet game made for the BlackBerry 10, iOS and Android. It was made on August 23, 2012 by Lebanese designer Paul Salameh. The goal of the game is to take care of an alien who is named Pou. The player can feed, bathe, and play with Pou. There are minigames where the player can get coins. These coins can be used to buy food, clothes, and other items. It plays just like a Tamagotchi toy.


New Madrid County, Missouri

New Madrid County is a county found in the Bootheel of the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat and largest city is New Madrid. In 2020, 16,434 people lived there.

Peter Dodds McCormick

Peter Dodds McCormick ( – 30 October 1916) was a Scottish-born Australian schoolteacher. He is best known as the composer of the Australian national anthem "Advance Australia Fair".

McCormick was born in Port Glasgow, Scotland. In 1855, he moved to Sydney, New South Wales. He spent most of his life working for the NSW Education Department. He was also part of Scottish Presbyterian Church activities in Sydney. He published around 30 patriotic and Scottish songs, some of which became very popular. "Advance Australia Fair" was first performed in public by Andrew Fairfax at the St Andrew's Day concert of the Highland Society in 1878. The song quickly became popular. It was sung by a choir of 10,000 at the inauguration of the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901. In 1907, the New South Wales Government awarded McCormick £100 for composing the song.

On 30 October 1916, McCormick died at his home, Clydebank, in the Sydney suburb of Waverley. He was 83.

Laclede County, Missouri

Laclede County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Lebanon. In 2020, 36,039 people lived there.

Maries County, Missouri

Maries County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Vienna. In 2020, 8,432 people lived there. The county was organized on March 2, 1855.

Vernon County, Missouri

Vernon County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Nevada. In 2020, 19,707 people lived there.

Dominic Thiem

Dominic Thiem (born 3 September 1993) is an Austrian professional tennis player. His career-high ATP ranking is world No. 4, which he first reached on 6 November 2017. He is the second highest-ranked Austrian player in history, behind Thomas Muster (No. 1, 1996). He has won 16 ATP singles titles and reached three Grand Slam finals.

Thiem was born in Wiener Neustadt. He grew up in Lichtenwörth. He dated French tennis player Kristina Mladenovic from 2017 to 2019.


Kristina Mladenovic

Kristina Mladenovic (; born 14 May 1993) is a French professional tennis player. She is most notable for her performances in doubles winning the 2016 French Open women's doubles title with Caroline Garcia, and the 2018 Australian Open, the 2019 French Open and the 2020 Australian Open women's doubles titles with Tímea Babos. She also won the 2013 Wimbledon and 2014 Australian Open mixed doubles titles alongside Daniel Nestor.

Mladenovic was born in Saint-Pol-sur-Mer. She is the child of Serbian parents. She dated Austrian tennis player Dominic Thiem from 2017 to 2019.


Madison County, Missouri

Madison County is a county in the Lead Belt region of the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat and largest city is Fredericktown. In 2020, 12,626 people lived there.

Jefferson County, Missouri

Jefferson County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Hillsboro. In 2020, 226,739 people lived there.

Murray Halberg

Sir Murray Gordon Halberg (born 7 July 1933) is a New Zealand former middle-distance runner. He was born in Eketahuna. He won the gold medal in the 5000 metres event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He also won gold medals in the 3 miles events at the 1958 and 1962 Commonwealth Games. In 1963, he set up the Halberg Trust, which supports children with disabilities to be active in sport, creation and leisure. The organisation rebranded in 2012 to become the Halberg Disability Sport Foundation.


Film4 Productions

Film4 Productions is a British movie production company owned by Channel Four Television Corporation. It is called Film4 Productions as it produces movies. Movies are known as films in most countries. The 4 in tne name indicates its connection to the TV company Channel Four. The company has supported many movies made in the United Kingdom. The company's first movie was "Walter", directed by Stephen Frears. It was released in 1982.

Before 1998, the company was called Channel Four Films or FilmFour International. 

In 1998, the name was changed to FilmFour. A new Digital TV channel also called FilmFour was created.

In 2006, the name was changed to "Film4 Productions" to tie in with the relaunch of the FilmFour broadcast channel as Film4.

Tessa Ross was head of both Film4 and Channel 4 drama from 2002 to 2014.

This is a list of the most notable productions by Film4. 


Lawrence County, Missouri

Lawrence County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Mount Vernon. In 2020, 38,001 people lived there.

Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri

Sainte Genevieve County, abbreviated Ste. Genevieve County (), is a county in Missouri. The county seat is Ste. Genevieve. In 2020, 18,479 people lived there.

Johnson County, Missouri

Johnson County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Warrensburg. In 2020, 54,013 people lived there.

Tootsie Roll

A Tootsie Roll is a type of small chocolate candy. It is wrapped in a wrapper. Its main ingredient is chocolate. Twelve pieces of Tootsie Roll have about 120 calories.

Louis Emerick

Louis Emmerick Grant is a British TV actor, born 10 June 1960, best known for presenting numerous shows in Casualty, Brookside, New Tricks, The Bill, Coronation Street, and more.

In the United Kingdom, she born in Toxteth, Liverpool, Merseyside county on the North West of England, to a Liberia father and an British mother.

Floating exchange rate

A floating exchange rate is when the exchange rate between two currencies can change freely. It is also known as flexible exchange rate, or fluctuating exchange rate. Supply and demand will influence the exchange rate. Today, floating exchange rates between currencies are common. Usually, the market will regulate the exchange rate. In most cases, the central banks of the affected countries will not intervene. They might do something, if the exchange rate rises above a certain threshold, or it falls below a minimal value. 

The opposite is a fixed exchange rate, or pegged exchange rate.

Fixed exchange rate system

In a fixed exchange rate, a state authority defines an exchange rate of its own currency, against another currency, a basket of currencies, or some good, such as gold. The central bank of the country will then guarantee this exchange rate; it will buy or sell its currency at this rate.


Newport, Pennsylvania

Newport is a borough in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough had a population of 1,485.

Potter County, Pennsylvania

Potter County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 16,396. The county seat is Coudersport.

Perry County, Pennsylvania

Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 45,842. The county seat is New Bloomfield.

New Bloomfield, Pennsylvania

New Bloomfield is a borough in and the county seat of Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough had a population of 1,219.

Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania

Huntingdon County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 44,092. The county seat is Huntingdon.

Montour County, Pennsylvania

Montour County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 18,136. The county seat is Danville.

Erie County, Pennsylvania

Erie County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 270,876. The county seat is Erie.

Dent County, Missouri

Dent County is a county in 
Missouri, United States. The county seat is Salem. In 2020, 14,421 people lived there.

Adams County, Pennsylvania

Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 103,852. The county seat is Gettysburg.

Armstrong County, Pennsylvania

Armstrong County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 65,558. The county seat is Kittanning.

Caldwell County, Missouri

Caldwell County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Kingston. In 2020, 8,815 people lived there. It was organized on December 29, 1836.

Salem, Missouri

Salem is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Dent County.

Spencer County, Indiana

Spencer County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 19,810 people lived there. The county seat is Rockport. It was formed on January 10, 1818.

Air Malta

Air Malta (stylized as airmalta) is the flag carrier airline of Malta, based in Luqa. It was founded on 31 March 1973. The main hub is at Malta International Airport. It goes to destinations in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.

, Air Malta operates the following aircraft:

Air Malta used to operate the following aircraft:


92 (number)

Ninety-two is a number. It comes between ninety-one and ninety-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 23, 46, and 92.

In Roman numerals, it is XCII.

93 (number)

Ninety-three is a number. It comes between ninety-two and ninety-four, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 31, and 93.

In Roman numerals, it is XCIII.

Perry County, Missouri

Perry County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Perryville. In 2020, 18,956 people lived there.

Clark County, Missouri

Clark County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Kahoka. In 2020, 6,634 people lived there.

Houston, Missouri

Houston is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Texas County. In 2020, 2,079 people lived there.

Houston was organized in 1857.

Bloomfield, Missouri

Bloomfield is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Stoddard County.

Stoddard County, Missouri

Stoddard County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Bloomfield. In 2020, 28,672 people lived there.

St. Clair County, Missouri

St. Clair County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Osceola. In 2020, 9,284 people lived there.

Schuyler County, Missouri

Schuyler County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Lancaster. In 2020, 4,032 people lived there.

Cedar County, Missouri

Cedar County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Stockton. In 2020, 14,188 people lived there.

Reynolds County, Missouri

Reynolds County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Centerville. In 2020, 6,096 people lived there. The county was organized on February 25, 1845, and was named in honor of former Governor of Missouri, Thomas Reynolds.

Yugoslav Wars

The Yugoslav Wars were a series of conflicts fought in the former Yugoslavia between 1991 and 2001. They were a part of the Revolutions of 1989 that ended the Cold War. The wars in the Yugoslavia Wars are the Slovenian War (1991), the Croatian War (1991-1995), the Bosnian War (1992-1995) and the Kosovo War (1998-1999) . 

The Kingdom of Yugoslavia was stared in 1918 after World War 1 when Austria-Hungary, led by Charles I of Austria, collapsed. In 1918, The Austro-Hungarian Empire split into Austria, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Romania and Yugoslavia. In 1941, Nazi Germany invaded Yugoslavia during World War 2. In 1944, both Tito and Stalin pushed the Nazis out of Belgrade with the help of Bulgaria. In 1948, Josip Broz Tito and Joseph Stalin broke up their friendship. This lasted until the death of Stalin in 1953. When the invading Warsaw Pact powers ended the Prague Spring in 1968, Romania,Yugoslavia and Albania supported the Czechoslovaks led by Alexander Dubček against the USSR led by Leonid Brezhnev. 

Tito died in 1980. In 1991 - 1992, Yugoslavia started to collapse. This lead to many wars. It is also some of the most brutal conflicts since World War 2. It had one of the most brutal massacres since the Holocaust. This happened when General Ratko Mladić of the Bosnian-Serb Army massacred people in Bosnia in 1995. It is known as the Srebrenica massacre.

Wright County, Missouri

Wright County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Hartville. In 2020, 18,188 people lived there.

Camden County, Missouri

Camden County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Camdenton. In 2020, 42,745 people lived there.

Shelby County, Missouri

Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Shelbyville. In 2020, 6,103 people lived there.

Grandview, Missouri

Grandview is a city in Jackson County, Missouri in the United States.

Phelps County, Missouri

Phelps County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Rolla. In 2020, 44,638 people lived there.

Webster County, Missouri

Webster County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Marshfield. In 2020, 39,085 people lived there.

Shannon County, Missouri

Shannon County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its county seat is Eminence. As of 2020, 7,031 people lived there. The county was organized on January 29, 1841, and was named in honor of George Shannon, a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Eminence, Missouri

Eminence is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Shannon County.

Scheibbs District

The Scheibbs District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Knox County, Missouri

Knox County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Edina. In 2020, 3,744 people lived there.

Hickory County, Missouri

Hickory County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its county seat is Hermitage. As of 2020, 8,279 people live in Hickory County.

Hermitage, Missouri

Hermitage is a city in Missouri, United States.

Miami Orange Bowl

The Miami Orange Bowl was a sports stadium in Miami, Florida. It opened in 1937 as Burdine Stadium.

Tuna sandwich

A tuna sandwich (also known as tuna fish sandwich) is a type of sandwich that has tuna. Like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a peanut butter sandwich, it has bread on the top and bottom. One tuna sandwich has 290 calories. A tuna sandwich is usually made with white bread.

Mooresville, North Carolina

Mooresville is a large town located in southern Iredell County, North Carolina, United States and is a part of the fast-growing Charlotte Metro. The population was 50,193 at the 2020 United States Census.

Iredell County, North Carolina

Iredell County is a county of the U.S. state of North Carolina. At the 2020 census, the population was 186,693. Its county seat is Statesville, and its largest town is Mooresville. The county was formed in 1788.

Statesville, North Carolina

Statesville is a city in Iredell County, North Carolina, United States. Statesville was created in 1789. The population was 28,419 at the 2020 census.

It is the county seat of Iredell County and is part of the Charlotte metropolitan area.

Tony Ford (judge)

Anthony David Ford (1942 – 31 January 2020) was a New Zealand lawyer and jurist. He was a judge of the Employment Court of New Zealand and Chief Justice of the Kingdom of Tonga from 2006 to 2010. He was born in Hokitika on the West Coast of the South Island.

He died on 31 January 2020.

Owen Benjamin

Owen Benjamin (born Owen Benjamin Smith; May 24, 1980) is an American comedian. He is known for his hatred of political correctness. He often discusses racist and antisemitic conspiracy theories.

Owen Benjamin was born in 1980. He went to Plattsburgh State University. He started out as an actor in television in 2006. In 2008, Benjamin played a supporting character in the movie The House Bunny. In 2009, he starred in the movie All's Faire in Love, co-starring Christina Ricci. In 2012, Benjamin started playing the protagonist’s best friend in the sitcom Sullivan and Son.

Benjamin modeled his comedy after that of Adam Sandler and Vince Vaughn. He says the most offensive things he can think of about everyone because he wants to show that no one gets to tell him what he can or cannot say.

Owen Benjamin says that the transgender movement is just a modern day version of eugenics and that radio host Jesse Thorn is a child molester because he transitioned his kid. Benjamin says he wants to bring back slavery to enslave Shaun King(to get Shaun King to admit he is white). Benjamin is a creationist and does not believe that dinosaurs ever existed. He also says that HIV doesn't really exist.

Owen Benjamin has said that Hitler did not really hate the Jews but was trying to "clean Germany up" to get rid of the "parasites". Benjamin says that Jews control the media, Hollywood and pornography and that no one but the Jews wants any of them. Benjamin also said that no gas chambers were ever used during the Holocaust and that if the Jews end up with power they will destroy civilization. Benjamin also supports Peter Brimelow. 

Benjamin also made up lines from the Talmud that it didn't actually say to prove that Jews are evil. Benjamin also makes fun of people who do not like Holocaust denial.

In a video attacking Ben Shapiro for criticizing Nick Fuentes and people on the Alt-right who support conspiracy theories, Owen Benjamin describes himself as on the Alt-right by saying “Do you know anyone else on the Alt-right who sings about moon landing conspiracies” and that “what Ben Shapiro doesn’t understand is that all that it means when we say we’re Alt-right is that we’re an alternative to the mainstream right!”.

In 2008, Owen Benjamin got engaged to Christina Ricci but later called off their marriage. He eventually married someone else and has had 4 children to date.

Bernard Ebbers

Bernard John "Bernie" Ebbers (August 27, 1941 – February 2, 2020) was a Canadian-American businessman and criminal. He was convicted of fraud and conspiracy as a result of WorldCom's false financial reporting. He co-founded WorldCom and was chief executive officer. Ebbers was born in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.

In October 2019, it was reported that Ebbers had anemia, dementia and heart disease. He died on February 2, 2020 of dementia-related problems in Brookhaven, Mississippi at the age of 78.

Mad Mike Hoare

Thomas Michael "Mad Mike" Hoare (17 March 1919 – 2 February 2020) was an Irish mercenary leader and adventurer. He was known for his military activities in Africa and tried to lead a coup d'état in the Seychelles.

Hoare died on 2 February 2020, aged 100.

Salahuddin Wahid

Salahuddin Wahid (11 September 1942 – 2 February 2020), known as Gus Solah, was an Indonesian Islamic scholar and politician. He was a member of the People's Consultative Assembly from 1998 to 1999 and was the vice chair of the National Commission on Human Rights from 2002 to 2004. 

During the 2004 presidential election, he became the running mate to Wiranto, though the ticket lost the election.

Wahid was born in Jombang, Japanese Indies. He studied at Bandung Institute of Technology.

In January 2020, Wahid had surgery at a Jakarta hospital. He died from problems caused by the surgery on 2 February 2020, aged 77.

The Gentlemen (2019 movie)

The Gentlemen is a 2019 action comedy movie written and directed by Guy Ritchie. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Charlie Hunnam, Henry Golding, Michelle Dockery, Jeremy Strong, Eddie Marsan, Colin Farrell and Hugh Grant.

It is about an American marijuana kingpin in England who is looking to sell his company, setting off a chain of blackmail and schemes to undermine him.

"The Gentlemen" premiered on December 3, 2019, and was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on January 1, 2020 and in the United States on January 24, 2020. It got positive reviews from critics.

Duluth, Georgia

Duluth is a city in Gwinnett County, Georgia, United States. It is a suburb of Atlanta. As of the 2020 census, Duluth had a population of 31,873.

"Forbes" ranked Duluth 26th in "America's Best Places to Move" in 2009.

Richmond, Illinois

Richmond is a village in McHenry County, Illinois, United States, 44 miles south-southwest of Milwaukee, Wisconsin and 55 miles northwest of Chicago. The population was 2,089 at the 2020 census.

Hanna Holborn Gray

Hanna Holborn Gray (born October 25, 1930) is an American historian. Her work focused on Renaissance and Reformation political thought. She was Professor of History "Emerita" at the University of Chicago. She was president of the University of Chicago, from 1978 to 1993 and was acting president of Yale University in 1977-78.

Gray was born in Heidelberg, Germany to American parents. She studied at Bryn Mawr College, University of Oxford and at Harvard University.


Derek Bok

Derek Curtis Bok (born March 22, 1930) is an American lawyer and educator. He was the Harvard University from 1971 through 1991 and again from 2006 to 2007. Bok was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.

Baltistan Peak

Baltistan Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is also known as K6. Baintha Brakk is part of the Masherbrum subrange. It is the 89th highest mountain in the world.

El Centro, California

El Centro is a city in and county seat of Imperial County, California, United States. In 2020, the population was 44,322.

Lakeport, California

Lakeport is an incorporated city and county seat of Lake County, California. This city is northwest of Sacramento. The population was 5,026 at the 2020 census.

Bat-borne virus

A bat-borne virus is a virus that is transmitted through bats. Bats are vectors for these viruses, they transmit them either through their saliva, or through their feces. Known examples of bat-borne viruses are the coronaviruses (such as those causing SARS and MERS), the Ebola virus, and some forms of rabies. Many bats live in groups, which remain close to each other for a long time. It is believed that this habit helps the spread of infections. Because of their ability to fly, bats also spread the viruses in a larger area than rodents do.

Frank Shakespeare

Francis J. Shakespeare (April 9, 1925 – December 14, 2022) was an American politician and media executive. He was the president of CBS Television before entering public service. He was the United States Ambassador to Portugal from 1985 to 1986 and the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from 1986 to 1989.

He died on December 14, 2022, at age 97.

Richard A. Snelling

Richard Arkwright Snelling (February 18, 1927August 13, 1991) was an American businessman and politician. He was the 76th and 78th Governor of Vermont from 1977 to 1985 and from January 10, 1991 until his death.

Snelling died of a heart attack at his home in Shelburne, Vermont on August 13, 1991 at the age of 64.

Biratchowk

Biratchowk is a City in Sundarharaicha Municipality, Morang District in the Koshi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is considered the emerging city in Morang District.

Rishi Kapoor

Rishi Kapoor (4 September 1952 – 30 April 2020) was an Indian actor, director and producer. He was known for his work in Hindi cinema. He won the National Film Award for his debut role as a child artist in his father Raj Kapoor's 1970 movie "Mera Naam Joker" (1970). He is considered as one of the greatest actors in Indian Cinema history 

In 2018, Kapoor was diagnosed with bone marrow cancer, and therefore, he went to New York City for treatment and then went back to India after a successful year of treatment. However, he was hospitalized on April 29, 2020 due to breathing difficulties and died of complications of respiratory failure and recurrence of leukemia at hospital in Mumbai on 30 April 2020, at the age of 67.

Peter Serkin

Peter Adolf Serkin (July 24, 1947 – February 1, 2020) was an American classical pianist. He won the Grammy Award for Most Promising New Classical Recording Artist in 1966. He taught at the Curtis Institute of Music, the Juilliard School, Yale University, and Bard College.

Serkin died from pancreatic cancer at his home in Red Hook, New York, on February 1, 2020 at the age of 72.

Newfane, Vermont

Newfane is the shire town (county seat) of Windham County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,645 at the 2020 census.

Marlboro, Vermont

Marlboro is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,722 at the 2020 census.

VirtualBox

VirtualBox is a general-purpose full virtualizer for x86 hardware, targeted at server, desktop and embedded use. Many Operating Systems (OS) work on VirtualBox, For Example, NextStep OS can be installed on Virtual Box. 

It is important to note that VirtualBox only provides a virtual (hardware) platform for a virtual computer system. Users of VirtualBox will still need to have their own access to installation source media for the Operating Systems and Software they wish to run using VirtualBox.

London's Burning (TV series)

London's Burning is a British television drama programme. It was produced by London Weekend Television for the ITV network. It is about the lives of members of the London Fire Brigade at the fictional Blackwall fire station. It began with a TV movie pilot, shown on 7 December 1986. There were 14 series. They ran from 20 February 1988 to 25 August 2002.

Jack Rosenthal's original two-hour TV movie was shown on ITV on 7 December 1986.

It was directed by Les Blair. The Broadwater Farm riot inspired the screenplay.

The TV show was a weekly episodic drama that began on 20 February 1988. Paul Knight was the show's producer. Writers included Anita Bronson, David Humphries, Simon Sharkey, and Tony Hoare (writer). Directors included Gerry Poulson, Gerry Mill, John Reardon, Keith Washington and Alan Wareing. Emergencies, called 'shouts', would not only be fires, but included a range of incidents from cats up trees to major road accidents. Each episode ran for 50 minutes (one hour with advertisement breaks). The first series had five episodes. The second and third series each had eight episodes. Episodes were mostly filmed at Dockhead fire station in Bermondsey in London. Real firefighters working shifts were extras on the programme. A studio near the station was used for crowded mess scenes. They also used the fire station's actual mess, bay and watchroom throughout the series.

A Christmas special was transmitted between series 1 and 2 on 25 December 1988, on ITV. The special followed Blue Watch on duty on Christmas Day.

On 8 September 1991, a special 30-minute behind-the-scenes documentary started the fourth series. This documentary was also released onto VHS video, by Clear Vision Video. It was then added as a DVD extra, on the Series 4 DVD release by Network DVD.

In 1991, LWT commissioned 10 episodes for Series 4. It became the most popular series of the drama. Paul Knight had appointed Brian Clark as the Fire Brigade Advisor. The writers, directors, and Clark decided on a climax to the fourth series. The mental state of one of the main characters deteriorates after being buried alive under a collapsed wall. This is during a spectacular 20-pump warehouse fire. Series 4's climax won the programme a record rating of 18.86 million viewers.

Each series now included a major disaster or "shout". In Series 5, a spinning wheel ride at a fairground is jammed by a youth, played by Liam McGuire, armed with a pole. The ride collapses, and there is a huge fire with people trapped in the crushed metal. The series attracted 17 million viewers.

In the early 1990s, the ratings averaged 17–18 million viewers. In 1995 (Series 8), ratings fell to 16 million viewers.

Paul Knight decided it was time for a tragic exit for one of the main characters. The man who was to be killed was Sub Officer John Hallam. Hallam was killed off in 1996 (Series 9) during a huge warehouse fire. He and his colleague, Leading Firefighter Geoff Pearce, were attempting to rescue four teenage girls. They were on an unstable gantry above a blaze in the basement. Hallam held the gantry steady for Pearce as he walked across with one of the girls. As Hallam attempted to cross, the gantry cracked and Hallam fell to his death. The writers developed a storyline about Pearce feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt after the accident, which would lead to him considering a transfer.

Series 9 attracted 16.8 million viewers.

Series 10 was the last series produced by Paul Knight. It had 18 episodes. It focused on the crew's domestic lives rather than firefighting work. Budget cuts led to scenes being done with computer-generated imagery. Notable 'shouts' included ones at a paint factory and another at a bus depot.

The new producer was David Shanks. Series 11, 12 and 13 saw the return to firefighting scenes as the primary focus. Series 14 was almost completely based on soap opera-style story lines, with the number of fire 'shouts' severely reduced. Viewing figures slumped as the series was critically panned. In 2002 "London's Burning" was cut from the schedule; the final episode was broadcast on 25 August 2002 in a two-hour slot.

In 2000 a 90-minute behind-the-scenes special was released on VHS video.

The "London's Burning" theme used in Series 1–10 was composed by Simon Brint, Rowland Rivron, and Roddy Matthews. Series 11–13 used a theme composed by Warren Bennett. The series 14 theme was composed by Stuart Hancock and Toby Jarvis and produced at London-based music production house Mcasso Music. Hancock also composed the original incidental music score to all episodes of series 14.

Series 1–10 lacked a title sequence. The episodes opened with the text "London's Burning". It was in Futura bold condensed typeface and was superimposed in white over the opening scene of the episode. Series 11–13 used a montage of action shots superimposed over a fiery background as the text "London's Burning" superimposed in gold and black slowly grew in size over the course of the sequence. It quickly zoomed to fill the screen on the final musical flourish. Series 14 used a shorter montage of action and character shots before the text "london's burning" in orange and white appeared and moved closer together over a shot of fire engines emerging from the station.







The first few series used Dockhead Fire Station at 8 Wolseley Street, London SE1, as the exterior for Blackwall. The Jacob Street studio is opposite. It had a full scale reproduction of the mess, built by Colin Monk. The actual station mess was also used in the series, as were many other parts of the station and its actual firefighters. Dockhead is still an operational fire station but the original station building was demolished and replaced in 2015.

The Swan and Sugar Loaf pub, which featured as the firefighters' local pub, has since been converted to flats. The location is about 800 metres from Tower Bridge.

The Restaurant opened by Mike 'Bayleaf' Wilson in series 9 was filmed on location at The Chequers Inn, Deal, Kent.

Later series used the exterior of Leyton Fire Station and the Oliver Twist pub opposite.

All series of London's Burning were released between 2005 and 2011.

As of 6 January 2019, Drama is re-showing "London's Burning" at one episode per weekday (2.20–3.20 pm Monday to Friday).



Northern bat

The northern bat ("Eptesicus nilssonii") is a species of bat in Eurasia. It is related to the serotine bat ("Eptesicus serotinus").

Supporting character

A supporting character is an important fictional character in any book, movie or television show who is not the protagonist.

Clipperton Island

Clipperton Island is an uninhabited atoll in the Pacific Ocean, off the coast of Central America. It is about in size, and is an overseas territory of France. In Spanish, it is known as "Isla de la Pasión. It is about" from Acapulco. The nearest French settlements is Papeete, away. Paris is away. Clipperton Island is about south-east of Socorro Island in the Revillagigedo Archipelago, which is the nearest land.
The island is low-lying and barren, with some scattered grasses, and a few of coconut trees.

Peter Brimelow

Peter Brimelow is a British-born American paleoconservative. There are a lot of people who say that he is racist. He says that he is not racist and that “the modern definition of a ‘racist’ is someone who’s winning an argument with a liberal”.

Peter Brimelow was born in England in 1947. He and his twin brother studied at the University of Sussex and at Stanford University. He moved to Toronto and worked as an editor for a Canadian newspaper called the Financial Post and for a Canadian magazine called Maclean’s. In 1978, he started working for a Republican United States Senator named Orrin Hatch. In 1980, Brimelow moved to New York and started working for American magazines. He was the editor of Forbes Magazine from 1986 to 2002.
Brimelow is opposed to immigration legal or not. He said that California was once “paradise” which is to say heaven but that Hispanics had turned it into a slum. Brimelow does not like to be called a white nationalist and sued the New York Times for saying he was one. Brimelow started an anti-immigration website called VDARE which published work by Jared Taylor and Sam T. Francis. In 2008, he said that the Republican Party of the United States should focus on getting white people to vote for them. In 2012, he gave a speech attacking multiculturalism at CPAC.

Brimelow wrote a book called Alien Nation in which he said that immigration to the US was a “disaster”. Brimelow wrote a book called The Worm in the Apple in which he criticizes teachers’ unions. Brimelow wrote a book called The Patriot Game about Canada and why in his opinion there is no set of ideas that Canada is built on.

Gas-fired power plant

A Gas-fired power plant is a power plant which uses natural gas to generate electricity. About a quarter of the world's electricity need is generated using gas-fired power plants. As the gas is burnt to generate the electricity, this also contributes greenhouse gases and contributes to global warming

Yoronjima

Yoronjima (与論島, Okinawan and Yoron: ユンヌ "Yunnu"; Kunigami: ユンヌー "Yunnuu)" is one of the Amami Islands of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.

In 2018, it had 5,056 people. Most of them are Ryukyuan, who are the natives of the Ryūkyū Islands.


Virgin of the Rocks

The Virgin of the Rocks is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci. It was very controversial and had two versions. The painting shows Mary, John the Baptist, Jesus, and an angel. Mary was holding John the Baptist while Jesus blessed them. The painting was controversial because Mary wasn't touching Jesus at all, so Da Vinci made a second version of the painting. Mary looks very graceful, which was a traditional Renaissance fashion. The French version was the first time that a Renaissance artist did not paint the Virgin Mary with a halo.

Many symbols and emblems in churches and buildings in Lierna lead explorers to discover the important role of the Knights Templar in the region.They also found that Leonardo's painting may have served as a mysterious map to a secret passage in an area of ​​the Grigna mountain range known as Alpe di Campione.

The rock formations, caves, waterfalls and breathtaking views of the Grigna massif and the surrounding Lierna mountains on Lake Como inspired Leonardo da Vinci's development.

Bay (horse)

A bay horse is a horse who is reddish brown with black legs, mane and tail.

Peronism

Peronism or justicialism is an Argentine political movement based on the ideas and legacy of Argentine president Juan Perón (1895–1974). It has been an influential movement in Argentine politics. Since 1946 Peronists have won 10 out of the 13 presidential elections in which they have been allowed to run. The main Peronist party is the Justicialist Party. The ideas of each president were different, but the general ideology has been described as "a vague blend of nationalism and labourism" or populism.

Juan Perón became Argentina's minister of labour after participating in the 1943 military coup and was elected president of Argentina in 1946. He introduced social programs that benefited the working class, supported labor unions, and called for additional involvement of the state in the economy. In addition he helped industrialists. Perón was very popular and gained even more admiration through his wife, Eva, who championed for the rights of migrant workers and was loved by the people. Due to rising inflation and other economic problems, the military overthrew Perón in 1955. The Peronist party was banned and it wasn't until 1973 that open elections were held again. In the 1973 election, Perón was again elected president. He died the next year and his widow, Isabel, took his place as president. Perón's death had led to disunity and the military overthrew Isabel in 1976.

Peronist Carlos Menem was president from 1989 to1999. His policies were very different from previous Peronists, he focused on privatization, free-market policies, and international relations. Peronist Néstor Kirchner was president from 2003 to 2007, and his wife Cristina Fernández de Kirchner was president from 2007 to 2015. According to the Economist, the Kirchners returned to "economic nationalism and near-autarky". The ideology of the Kirchners is known as Kirchnerism.


Yellow-dog contract

A yellow-dog contract (a yellow-dog clause of a contract, or an ironclad oath) is an agreement between an employer and an employee. The employee agrees not to be a part of a trade union. This was part of a contract which employers and employees signed when employees were hired. In the United States, yellow-dog contracts or yellow-dog clauses were often used by employers to stop the creation of unions. It let employers take legal action against union organizers. In 1932, yellow-dog contracts were made illegal in the United States under the Norris-LaGuardia Act.

The term yellow-dog clause can also have another meaning: non-compete clauses inside of or added to a non-disclosure agreement to stop an employee from working for other employers in the same industry.

Seven Sisters, London

Seven Sisters is an area in North London. It is in the borough of Haringey, in London, United Kingdom.

Image sensor

An image sensor is an electronic device that can record an image. Usually, image sensors work by detecting the level, and intensity of light. Most sensors work on visible light and infrared light. There are special sensors which can detect X-Rays and Gamma Radiation. There are different ways in which to build such sensors: In 2020, the most common sensor technologies were CCD and CMOS.

Lake Bonney (South Australia)

Lake Bonney is a coastal freshwater lake in South Australia. Lake Bonney is the lake that was talked about in the song, "My Bonnie" by the Beatles.

Chicken sandwich

A chicken sandwich is a type of food. It might have came from the southern United States. Some fast food restaurants sell chicken sandwiches, like Chick-fil-A and McDonald's. Toppings like pickles and a sauce mix can be added to the sandwich.


In some Latin American countries, chicken can be added to a sandwich called pepito.

Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks

Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks is a Canadian–American computer-animated television series. It was first broadcast on Discovery Kids on September 23, 2006. The series was made by Nelvana Endgame Entertainment, CCI Entertainment, Big Bang Digital Studios, Brandissimo! and Discovery Kids.

The Naked Sun

The Naked Sun is a science fiction mystery novel written by Isaac Asimov. It is about a human detective named Elijah Baley who goes to another planet called Solaria and has to try and solve a murder with the help of a robot named Daneel Olivaw. The people on Solaria hate having to be in the same room as other humans are in and have robots to do everything for them. The robots can't do anything to hurt anyone because of the Three Laws of Robotics. The only person who was ever in the same room as the victim was his wife but Baley doesn't believe she did it. Baley has to try and prove that robots were tricked into killing her without realising that that is what they were doing by a scientist who hated and was afraid of people and to figure out why he did it.

Kenneth Anger

Kenneth Anger (born Kenneth Wilbur Anglemyer, February 3, 1927-May 11, 2023) was an American filmmaker, actor and author. He has been called "one of America's first openly gay filmmakers". His best known works were "Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome" (1954), "Scorpio Rising" (1964), "Kustom Kar Kommandos" (1965), and the gossip book "Hollywood Babylon" (1965). 

John Russell (equestrian)

Colonel John William Russell (February 2, 1920 – September 30, 2020) was an American equestrian. He won a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. He helped organize two World Modern Pentathlon Championships. He retired and opened the Russell Equestrian Center and was added into the United States Show Jumping Hall of Fame in 2001.

Russell died on September 30, 2020 in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 100.

Palestine

Palestine usually refers to:


Dauphin, Pennsylvania

Dauphin is a borough in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 795 at the 2020 census.

Judith Viorst

Judith Viorst (née Stahl, February 2, 1931) is an American writer, newspaper journalist, and psychoanalysis researcher. She is known for writing "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day" (1972), which has sold over two million copies.

Center-right

Center-right politics are a set of opinions about politics that usually but not always agree with right-wing politics and when it doesn't is still normally more right-wing than people who support left-wing politics are. Right-centrists can be Rockefeller Republicans, Red Tories or conservatives.

2011 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2011 Stanley Cup Finals was the 118th edition of the Stanley Cup. It included the Western Conference champions, the Vancouver Canucks and the Eastern Conference champions, the Boston Bruins. Boston beat the Canucks in 7 games to win the Stanley cup. This was the Bruins' 6th Stanley Cup win and they have the 4th-most Stanley Cups in the NHL. They played 7 games, ending in Vancouver, where Boston won Game 7, the final game, 4-0, to win the series 4 games to 3.

Der Fuehrer's Face

Der Fuehrer's Face, also known as Donald Duck in Nutzi Land, was a popular World War II animated cartoon released in 1943. In the cartoon, Donald Duck has a nightmare that he lives in Germany slaving under the Nazi regime. The "Nutzis" are caricatures of Benito Mussolini on the bass drum, Herman Göring on the piccolo, Hideki Tojo on the tuba, Heinrich Himmler on the snare drum, and Joseph Goebbels on the trombone.


Wolfeboro, New Hampshire

Wolfeboro is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 6,416.

Ossipee, New Hampshire

Ossipee is a town in and the county seat of Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 4,372.

Charlie Hunnam

Charles Matthew Hunnam (born 10 April 1980) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Jackson "Jax" Teller in the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy" (2008–2014). He has also had roles as Nathan Maloney in the Channel 4 drama "Queer as Folk" (1999–2000) and Lloyd Haythe in the Fox comedy series "Undeclared" (2001–2002). He has appeared in movies such as "Nicholas Nickleby" (2002), "Green Street" (2005), "Pacific Rim" (2013), "The Lost City of Z" (2017), "" (2017) and "The Gentlemen" (2019).

Hunnam was born in Newcastle, Tyne and Wear. He was married to actress Katharine Towne from 1999 to 2002. He has been dating artist Morgana McNelis since 2005.

Rochester Hills, Michigan

Rochester Hills is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 76,300.

Willie Wood

William Vernell Wood Sr. (December 23, 1936February 3, 2020) was an American football safety for the Green Bay Packers in the National Football League (NFL). He was a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

Wood died of dementia-related problems on February 3, 2020 at an assisted living facility in Washington, D.C. at the age of 83.

Lexington, Missouri

Lexington is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,652 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lafayette County.

Lafayette County, Missouri

Lafayette County is a county located in the western portion of the U.S. state of Missouri and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 32,984. Its county seat is Lexington.

Niangua, Missouri

Niangua is a city in Webster County, Missouri, United States. The population was 390 at the 2020 census.

Marshfield, Missouri

Marshfield is a city in and the county seat of Webster County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 7,458.

Wheatland, Missouri

Wheatland is a city in Hickory County, Missouri, United States. The population was 277 at the 2020 census.

Moody Awori

Arthur Moody Awori (born 5 December 1928), known as "Uncle Moody", is a Kenyan politician and writer. He was the ninth Vice President of Kenya from 25 September 2003 to 9 January 2008. Awori was born in Butere.

Awori was first elected as a Member of Parliament representing Funyula Constituency in Busia District in Western Province in 1984. Under President Daniel arap Moi, he was in several positions as assistant minister.


Muztagh Tower

Muztagh Tower is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. It is part of the Baltoro Muztagh subrange. Muztagh Tower is the 90th highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Ian McNaught-Davis, Joe Brown, John Hartog, and Tom Patey, in 1956.

Scratching

Scratching, sometimes referred to as scrubbing, is a DJ and turntablist technique of moving a vinyl record back and forth on a turntable to produce percussive or rhythmic sounds. A crossfader on a DJ mixer may be used to fade between two records simultaneously.

While scratching is most associated with hip hop music, where it emerged in the mid-1970s, from the 1990s it has been used in some styles of rap rock, rap metal and nu metal. In hip hop culture, scratching is one of the measures of a DJ's skills. DJs compete in scratching competitions at the DMC World DJ Championship and IDA (International DJ Association, formerly known as ITF (International Turntablist Federation). At scratching competitions, DJs can use only scratch-oriented gear (turntables, DJ mixer, digital vinyl systems or vinyl records only). In recorded hip hop songs, scratched "hooks" often use portions of other songs.

While scratching is becoming more and more popular in pop music, particularly with the crossover success of pop-hip hop tracks in the 2010s, sophisticated scratching and other expert turntablism techniques are still predominantly an underground style developed by the DJ subculture. The Invisibl Skratch Piklz from San Francisco focuses on scratching. In 1994, the group was formed by DJs Q-Bert, Disk & Shortkut and later Mix Master Mike. In July 2000, San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center for the Arts held Skratchcon2000, the first DJ Skratch forum that provided “the education and development of skratch music literacy”. In 2001, Thud Rumble became an independent company that works with DJ artists to produce and distribute scratch records.

In 2004, "Scratch Magazine", one of the first publications about hip hop DJs and record producers, released its debut issue, following in the footsteps of the lesser-known "Tablist" magazine. Pedestrian is a UK arts organisation that runs Urban Music Mentors workshops led by DJs. At these workshops, DJs teach youth how to create beats, use turntables to create mixes, act as an MC at events, and perform club sets.

Scratching has been incorporated into a number of other musical genres, including pop, rock, jazz, some subgenres of heavy metal (notably nu metal) and some contemporary and avant-garde classical music performances. For recording use, samplers are often used instead of physically scratching a vinyl record.

DJ Product©1969, formerly of the rap rock band Hed PE, recalled that the punk rock band the Vandals was the first rock band he remembered seeing use turntable scratching. Product©1969 also recalled the early rap metal band Proper Grounds, which was signed to Madonna's Maverick Records, as being another one of the first rock bands to utilize scratching in their music.

Guitarist Tom Morello, known for his work with Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave, has performed guitar solos that imitate scratching by using the kill switch on his guitar. Perhaps the best-known example is "Bulls on Parade", in which he creates scratch-like rhythmic sounds by rubbing the strings over the pick-ups while using the pickup selector switch as a crossfader.

Since the 1990s, scratching has been used in a variety of popular music genres such as nu metal, exemplified by Linkin Park, Slipknot and Limp Bizkit. It has also been used by artists in pop music (e.g. Nelly Furtado) and alternative rock (e.g. Incubus). Scratching is also popular in various electronic music styles, such as hard-groove techno.



Colm Meaney

Colm J. Meaney (; born 30 May 1953) is an Irish actor. He is known for playing Miles O'Brien in "" (1987–1994) and "" (1993–1999). He has appeared in other TV shows including "Law & Order", "The Simpsons" and "Hell on Wheels". His movie credits include "The Barrytown Trilogy" (1991–1996), "Con Air" (1997), "Intermission" (2003), "The Damned United" (2009), "Get Him to the Greek" (2010), "" (2013) and "The Journey" (2016).

Meaney was born in Glasnevin, Dublin. He has been married twice and has two daughters. He lives in Sóller, Mallorca of the Spanish Balearic Islands.

The Irish Times

The Irish Times is an Irish daily broadsheet newspaper. It was launched on 29 March 1859. The editor has been Paul O'Neill since 2017, and the deputy editor is Deirdre Veldon. "The Irish Times" is published each day of the week except Sunday.

The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet

The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet is an ongoing internet search. It involves many internet users from around the world trying to find out the artist and the title of a new wave song that played on a German radio station in 1984. 

A Rolling Stone article in September 2019 says that a man named "Darius S." recorded the song from a radio program called "Musik für junge Leute" ("Music for Young People") he listened to on the German public radio station NDR, probably in 1984. Darius says he recorded the song on a tape labeled "cassette 4", along with songs from XTC and The Cure that were released in around 1984. Further evidence shows that the Technics tape deck that he used to record the song was also made in 1984.

In 2007, Darius' sister, posting under the fake name "Anton," posted the song on the internet to try to find out the artist and the title of the song. The woman, who identified herself as "Lydia H.", posted part of the song to a German fan website devoted to eighties synth-pop and to spiritofradio.ca, a Canadian website that helps to identify songs uploaded by fans.

The mystery of the unidentified song became very popular in 2019 when a Brazilian teenager named Gabriel da Silva Vieira started to look for evidence of its origin. He uploaded a clip of the song to YouTube, and to several Reddit groups.

On July 9, 2019, YouTuber Justin Whang released an episode of his video series "Tales from the Internet". The episode talks about the progress of the search up to then. When the video was released, more internet users tried to help to identify the song. 

After the video came out, some progress was made. The whole song was found and posted by a Reddit user in July 2019. Furthermore, people who might have known the song were contacted. This includes people such as Paul Baskerville, who was the DJ of the show from which the song was likely recorded. He has said he does not remember the song. The Discord community of the search has also found other undocumented and/or obscure media of various genres.



José Luis Cuerda

José Luis Cuerda Martínez (18 February 1947 – 4 February 2020) was a Spanish movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. His best known works were "Butterfly's Tongue", "Amanece, que no es poco" and "The Blind Sunflowers". He won a Goya Award in 1988.

Cuerda died at his home in Madrid on 4 February 2020 at the age of 72.

Terry Hands

Terence David Hands (9 January 1941 – 4 February 2020) was an English theatre director. He founded the Liverpool Everyman Theatre and ran the Royal Shakespeare Company for thirteen years. He also saved Clwyd Theatr Cymru from closure. He was thought to be one of Britain’s most respected theatre directors. He was born in Aldershot, Hampshire.

Hands died on 4 February 2020 at the age of 79.

Nadia Lutfi

Nadia Lutfi or Nadia Loutfi (; born Poula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq (); 3 January 1937 – 4 February 2020) was an Egyptian actress. Her best known roles were "The Night of Counting the Years" and "Saladin the Victorious".

Lutfi died on 4 February 2020 at a hospital in Cairo at the age of 83.


Teodor Shanin

Teodor Shanin OBE (30 October 1930 – 4 February 2020) was a Lithuanian-born British-Russian sociologist. 

He worked as a Professor of Sociology at the University of Manchester. He was best known for his first book, "The Awkward Class, Political Sociology of Peasantry in a Developing Society, Russia, 1910-25" (Clarendon Press, 1972). He founded the The Open Society Institute, Ford Foundation and the Moscow School for the Social and Economic Sciences in 1995. 

Shanin was President of the Moscow School, Professor Emeritus of the University of Manchester, and an Honorary Fellow of the Russian Academy of Agricultural Sciences.

In 2002 he was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for service to education in Russia.

Taylor's theorem

Taylor's theorem is a theorem named after Brook Taylor, who first stated it in 1712: It is possible to approximate a function at a given point using polynomials. These polynomials are the result of a Taylor series.

Hang

Hang or hanging may mean:

Romanija

Romanija is a mountain, karst plateau, and area in the Republika Srpska. Many towns are in the area, such as Pale, Sokolac, and Han Pijesak. The highest point on the mountain is Veliki Lupoglav (1,652 m).

A football club from the nearby town of Pale, FK Romanija, is named after the mountain.

Cherokee Nation v. Georgia

In 1831 the Cherokee took the state of Georgia to the Supreme Court to resist the Indian Removal Act. When they took Georgia to the Supreme Court they actually won a favorable decision in their end, but President Andrew Jackson refused to enforce and ignored it. This ruling is known as Cherokee Nation v. Georgia today.

Ritual purification

Ritual purification is the ritual prescribed by a religion by which a person is considered to be free of "uncleanliness". Many religions require that those worshipping should be in this state. Ritual purity is a state of ritual cleanliness. Ritual purification may also apply to objects and places. Ritual uncleanliness is not identical with ordinary physical impurity, such as dirt stains; nevertheless, body fluids are generally considered ritually unclean.

Most of these rituals existed long before the germ theory of disease, and figure prominently from the earliest known religious systems of the Ancient Near East. Some writers connect the rituals to taboos.

Some have seen benefits of these practices for health and preventing infections especially in areas where humans come in close contact with each other. While these practices came before the idea of the germ theory was public in areas that use daily cleaning, the destruction of infectious agents seems to be dramatic. Others have described a 'dimension of purity' that is universal in religions that seeks to move us away from disgust, (at one extreme) and to uplift us towards purity and divinity (at the other extreme). Away from uncleanliness to purity, and away from deviant to moral behavior, (within one's cultural context).


Monolatry

Monolatry ( ["monos"] = single, and ["latreia"] = worship) is belief that many gods exist, but that only one of them is worshipped. The term "monolatry" was perhaps first used by Julius Wellhausen.

Monolatry is different from monotheism, which asserts there is only one god, and henotheism, a religious system in which the believer worships one god without denying that others may worship different gods with equal validity.

Hang (instrument)

The Hang (; plural form: Hanghang) is a musical instrument. It is in the idiophone class. It was created by Felix Rohner and Sabina Schärer in Bern, Switzerland. The Hang is sometimes called "hang drum", but the people who made the hang think that this is wrong and that people should not call it that.

Mendenhall Springs, California

Mendenhall Springs is an unincorporated community in Alameda County, California. It is 554 m above sea level, and lies 14 km southeast of Livermore.

Deaths in March 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

 


































Kino (band)

Kino (, ) was a Soviet rock band formed in Leningrad in 1981 
The band was co-founded and headed by Viktor Tsoi, who wrote the music and lyrics for almost all of the band's songs. Kino released over 90 songs, several studio albums, and a few live albums. Their music was widely recorded illegally. After the Soviet Union became more open, Kino became popular around the world. In 1989, they had a small concert in New York City. They also became very popular in Russia. Their album "Gruppa Krovi" was called one of the best works of Russian music. Viktor Tsoi died in a car accident in 1990. After releasing an album of the songs they were working on before Tsoi's death, Kino broke up. In 2012, on Tsoi's fiftieth birthday, the band reunited to record a song called 'Ataman'. This song would have been in their last album, but the only recording of it that they had was bad.



Viktor Tsoi

Viktor Robertovich Tsoi (; 21 June 1962 – 15 August 1990) was a Soviet singer and songwriter. He co-founded Kino, one of the most popular bands in Russia at its time. 
Tsoi was born and raised in Leningrad. He started writing songs when he was a teenager. He made lots of music - ten albums in total. After Kino was in the 1987 Soviet film "Assa", it became very popular. This lead to Tsoi having a leading role in the Kazakh new wave art film "The Needle". 
In 1990, after their large concert at the Luzhniki Stadium. Tsoi moved to Latvia with another member of Kino, Yuri Kasparyan to work on Kino's next album. Two months after the concert in the Luzhniki Stadium, Tsoi died in a car crash. Tsoi and his music are still widely popular.

<br>

Rowlatt Act

The Anarchical and Revolutionary Crimes of 1919 (popularly known as the Rowlatt Act) was a law passed in 1919 by British Govt. to suppress the democratic protests in India. Under this law, the government got many powers, including the ability to arrest people and keep them in prisons without a trial. They also obtained the power to stop newspapers from reporting and printing news. The people called this act the Black Act. Indians protested against this law in many places.

This act was stopped by an Indian freedom fighter Mahatma Gandhi and Jinnah. Gandhi started a nationwide, non-violent civil disobedience against the unjust Rowlatt Act. It began with a hartal on 6 April 1919.Jinnah resigned from the imperial legislative council. Rallies were organised in various cities. Workers went on strike in railways. Workshops and shops closed down. Alarmed by the popular upsurge and scared that lines of communication such as railways and telegraph would be disrupted. The British administration decided to clamp down on nationalism. Local leaders were picked up from Amritsar and Mahatma Gandhi was barred from entering Delhi. On 10 April, 1919 the police in Amritsar fired upon a peaceful procession, provoking a widespread attack on banks, post offices and railway stations.

Frank H. T. Rhodes

Frank Harold Trevor Rhodes (October 29, 1926 – February 3, 2020) was a British-American academic. He was the ninth president of Cornell University from 1977 to 1995. Rhodes was born in Warwickshire, England. Rhodes taught geology at the University of Durham between 1951 and 1954.

He was appointed as a member of the National Science Board under President Ronald Reagan, and as a member of the President's Educational Policy Advisory Committee by President George H.W. Bush. Between 1984 and 2002 Rhodes was on the Board of Directors of General Electric.

Rhodes died on February 3, 2020 in Bonita Springs, Florida at the age of 93.

Volker David Kirchner

Volker David Kirchner (25 June 1942 – 4 February 2020) was a German composer and violist. He worked for many years as a violist in the hr-Sinfonieorchester in Frankfurt, and for two years as a composer of incidental music at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden. 

Kirchner died on 4 February 2020 in Wiesbaden at the age of 77.

Diran

Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is the 93rd highest mountain in the world.

The first people to reach the top were Rainer Goeschl, Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell, in 1968. While it is not thought to be hard to climb, it is dangerous as avalanches are common. 

Philip K. Chapman

Philip Kenyon Chapman (5 March 1935 – 5 April 2021) was an Australian-American astronaut. He was the first Australian-born astronaut.

Chapman served with the Royal Australian Air Force Reserve from 1953 to 1955. He learnt to fly (in a Tiger Moth) during Australian national service. In 1956, he earned a B.S. in physics and mathematics from the University of Sydney.

From 1956 to 1957, he worked for Philips Electronics Industries Proprietary Limited in Sydney, New South Wales. He then spent 15 months at Antarctica's Mawson Station with the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE). He worked as a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States from 1961 to 1967. He served for about five years in NASA Astronaut Group 6 (1967).

Chapman was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He moved to Sydney as a child. He was married and had two children.

Chapman died on 5 April 2021 in Arizona, at the age of 86.


William Phillips (economist)

Alban William Housego "A. W." "Bill" Phillips, MBE (18 November 1914 – 4 March 1975) was a New Zealand economist. He was a professor of economics at the London School of Economics (LSE). His best-known contribution to economics is the Phillips curve. It explains the relationship between inflation and unemployment rate in the economy. He first described it in 1958. He also created the MONIAC hydraulic economics computer in 1949.

Bob Morane (video game series)

Bob Morane is a series of platform adventure video games. It was made by Infogrames Entertainment in 1987. It was based on the character of the same name who first appeared in comic books.


Jiří Kylián

Jiří Kylián (born 21 March 1947) is a Czech former dancer and contemporary dance choreographer.

Jiří Kylián was born in 1947 in Prague – Czechoslovakia, as one of two sons to his father Václav who was a banker and to his mother Markéta, who was as a young teenager a dancer-child protégée.

During the years 1962-1967 Kylián studied at the Prague Conservatory. One teacher of the Conservatory, who left a deep mark on Kylián´s professional development, was Zora Šemberová, known for her world´s first interpretation of Juliet (1938) in Prokofiev’s famous ballet.
In 1967 Kylián had received a scholarship to study at the "Royal Ballet School" in London,

He met John Cranko, choreographer, there, who offered him a contract, to become a member of his acclaimed "Stuttgart Ballett". Before taking up his contract, Kylián shortly returned to Prague, but on August 21st, 1968, the invasion of the communist "Warsaw-Pact " forces began. On the 28th of August, after taking part in many demonstrations against the occupation, Kylián left for Germany.

In Stuttgart Cranko asked Kylián to create choreographies for the company. His first work was "Kommen und Gehen", created with Marcia Haydée and Richard Cragun. In the early 70’s Cranko invited Glen Tetley to become resident choreographer in Stuttgart. Tetley´s work made a great impression on Kylián, namely Tetley’s understanding of movement, and its relation to space, was a revelation for Kylián.

In early seventies, Kylián was invited to create his first choreography for the Netherlands Dance Theatre ("Viewers-1973"). Having created two more works for NDT ("Stoolgame" 1974 and "La Cathédrale Engloutie" 1975) the offer to become artistic director of NDT together with Hans Knill, was extented to him.

The creation of "Sinfonietta", to music of Kylian´s co-patriot Leoš Janáček for the "Charleston Festival" in the USA in 1978 led to international recognition of the company. Subsequently many important international tours of NDT have taken place incl. Metropolitan Opera House in New York, the Paris Opera etc.

During Kyliáns engagement in NDT (1975-2009), he has created more than 75 choreographies for the company. Further pieces he made for other worldwide companies, such as the Stuttgart Ballet, the Opéra de Paris, the Munich Bayerisches Staatsballett, and the Tokyo Ballet.

Realizing the importance of education of young dancers, Jiří Kylián and Carel Birnie, the managing director of NDT, have decided in 1978 to create a new company - NDT II, in which young people would get the opportunity to develop their skills and talents. After many years of directorship, Kylián saw the departure of many fine and interesting performers. It was in 1991 that he decided to create a small group for dancers, who find themselves in the precarious age between "forty and death". The world premiere of this “Senior Company” was created by choreographers: Hans van Manen, Mats Ek, William Forsythe and Jiří Kylián. The original dancers were: Sabine Kupferberg, Alida Chase, Gérard Lemaitre and Niklas Ek. The importance of this new development in dance was instantly recognized by the public as well as by the media.

This unique, three-dimensional structure, NDT I – mature dancers, NDT II – young dancers, NDT III – senior dancers, residing in its own theater, designed and built by architect Rem Koolhaas in 1987, placed NDT in a totally new category. It has become different from any other dance company in the world, and was recognized as such by being given various prestigious awards.

In the recent years Kylián’s creativity is focused on film, video and photography. The films “Carmen”, “Schwarzfahrer”, “Between Entrance and Exit”, “Scalamare” and the photo installation “Free fall” were all created in collaboration with his lifelong partner and muse Sabine Kupferberg.

In 1988 Kylián established the Kylian Foundation in The Hague (originally named as “Kylián Choreographic Archive”). In 2008 the Kylian Production BV was set up in the Netherlands and in 2017 Kylián Fund Prague was founded in the Czech Republic.

Theatre works from 1973 to 2019:
During his career, Kylian has received many prestigeous, international awards and honours, such as:

Films from 2006 to 2017:



Hailey Bieber

Hailey Rhode Bieber ("née" Baldwin; November 22, 1996) is an American model and television personality. She is the daughter of Stephen Baldwin and is married to Canadian singer Justin Bieber. She was born in Tuscon, Arizona.

In March 2016, Baldwin signed a contract with IMG Models high-profile New York modeling agency and in May appeared on the cover of "Marie Claire". Baldwin was also the face of Karl Lagerfeld's limited-edition clothing line available in North America entitled ""Love From Paris"". Baldwin also appeared in editorials for "Glamour Magazine" and "Italian Vogue".

In May 2017, she began hosting a new TBS show "Drop the Mic" with rapper Method Man, which features four celebrities facing off in a series of rap battles.

In March 2022, Bieber was hospitalized after having a transient ischemic attack, which was caused by a type of congenital heart defect.

Abadi Hadis

Abadi Hadis (6 November 1997 – 5 February 2020) was an Ethiopian long-distance runner. He placed 15th over 10,000 metres at the 2016 Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 2017 IAAF World Cross Country Championships.

Hadis died on 5 February 2020 in Mekelle, Ethiopia at the age of 22.

Mission San Diego de Alcala

Mission San Diego de Alcalá is a mission in San Diego. It is the first mission in California. 

A mission is a religious community. Mission San Diego was made by the Spanish to teach the native people, the Kumeyaay, about the Catholic religion.

This mission includes a fountain, church, cemetery, priest quarters, a storage room and a workshop. This church is now a historical landmark and was restored in the 1940s. Near the fountain is now a parking lot. The original bell is outside the church, near the main entrance of the mission.

The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band

In Los Angeles, during the group’s early years, they were known for their elaborate psychedelic light shows which accompanied their live performances. The WCPAEB first recorded on the small FiFo record label the album "Volume One" in 1966. They recorded three albums on the larger Reprise label between 1967 and 1968. "A Child’s Guide to Good and Evil" is generally considered their best work, but the band’s commercial success was limited. After 1967, the WCPAEB was strictly a studio band. Two albums, "Where’s My Daddy?" and "Markley, A Group", were released on independent record labels before the group broke up in 1970.

Clifford Wiens

Clifford Donald Wiens (April 27, 1926 – January 26, 2020) was a Canadian architect and writer. He was born in Glen Kerr, Saskatchewan. His best known works were John Nugent Studio, Heating and Cooling Plant at the University of Regina, and at Saskatchewan Legislative Building.

Wiens died on January 26, 2020 in Vancouver, British Columbia at the age of 93.


Dyanne Thorne

Dyanne Thorne (October 14, 1936 – January 28, 2020) was an American actress, stage performer and singer. She was known for her stage work in Las Vegas and as the lead actress in the "Ilsa" movie franchise of the 1970s. Her movie roles include "Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS", "Chesty Anderson, USN" and "Hellhole". Thorne was born in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Thorne died on January 28, 2020 in Las Vegas, Nevada from pancreatic cancer at the age of 83.


Milton Viorst

Milton Viorst (February 18, 1930 December 9, 2022) is an American journalist. He was born New Jersey. He studied at Rutgers University. Viorst is married to author Judith Viorst.

From 1956 to 1993, Viorst often worked with "The New Yorker", "Foreign Affairs", "Harper's Magazine", "The Atlantic", "The New York Times Magazine", "The Washington Post", and "The Wall Street Journal". 

In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War. His writing landed him on the Nixon list.

He died from complications of COVID-19 on December 9, 2022, at the age of 92.


Jared Taylor

Jared Taylor is an American white supremacist. He started the magazine the "American Renaissance". Jared Taylor was born in Japan to Christian missionaries in 1951. He grew up in Kyoto and learned to speak Japanese. Taylor moved to the United States when he was 16. Taylor believes that white people should only care about other white people.

L. Jacques Ménard

L. Jacques Ménard, , (January 29, 1946 – February 5, 2020) was a Canadian businessman and educator. He was the chancellor of Concordia University from 2011 to 2014. He was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec.

Ménard died on February 5, 2020 in Montreal from a long-illness at the age of 74.

Carlos Barisio

Carlos José Barisio (3 January 1951 – 5 February 2020) was an Argentine footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He retired from football in 1987, after playing 271 games in the Argentinian Primera. He played as a Ferro Carril Oeste player in 1981. He set the Primera record for the longest period without letting in a goal.

Barisio died on 5 February 2020 of lung cancer, aged 69.

Stanley Norman Cohen

Stanley Norman Cohen (February 17, 1935) is an American geneticist. He was the Kwoh-Ting Li Professor in the Stanford University School of Medicine. 

Cohen and Herbert Boyer were the first scientists to transplant genes from one living organism to another. 

Alice Mayhew

Alice E. Mayhew (June 14, 1932 – February 4, 2020) was an American editor. She was vice president and editorial director for Simon & Schuster. Mayhew edited many notable authors, which include Bob Woodward, President Jimmy Carter, Doris Kearns Goodwin, David Brooks, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

Mayhew was known for publishing books about Washington, D.C., such as "All the President's Men" by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. She was born in New York City.

Mayhew died at her home in New York City on February 4, 2020 at the age of 87.

Burlington, New Jersey

Burlington is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States and a suburb of Philadelphia. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 9,743.

Gruppa krovi

Gruppa krovi (; ) is an album by the Soviet rock band Kino, first released in 1988. After it was released in the Soviet Union, the album was also released in the United States in 1989 by Capitol Records. The album's title song, "Gruppa krovi", is an anti-war song. The song was also translated into and recorded in English as "Blood Type". It is the sixth studio album by Kino.


Anson Mount

Anson Adams Mount IV (born February 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles such as Cullen Bohannon in the AMC series "Hell on Wheels" (2011–2016), Jim Steele in the NBC series "Conviction" (2006), Marvel superhero Black Bolt in "Inhumans" (2017) and Captain Christopher Pike in "" and "" (2019). He also appeared in the movie "Tully" (2000).

Mount was born in Mount Prospect, Illinois. He grew up in White Bluff, Tennessee. He attended Dickson County High School in Dickson, Tennessee, and Columbia University. He married Darah Trang in 2018. As of 2019, he lives in Connecticut.

Mount Prospect, Illinois

Mount Prospect is a village in Elk Grove and Wheeling townships in Cook County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village had a population of 56,852.

White Bluff, Tennessee

White Bluff is a town in Dickson County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 3,862.

Dickson, Tennessee

Dickson is a city in Dickson County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 16,058.

Administrative divisions of Croatia

The administrative divisions of Croatia on the first level are the 20 counties ("županija", pl. "županije")and one city-county ("grad", "city"), Zagreb.

On the second level, there are municipalities ("općina", pl. "općine") and cities ("grad", pl. "gradovi"). Both of these have one or more settlements ("naselje", pl. "naselja"). The settlements are not legal entities. They are like census designated places in the United States. If they are part of cities or large municipalities, they can form "gradski kotari", "gradske četvrti", or local committee areas ("mjesni odbori"). Small municipalities usually have only one settlement.


Dickson County, Tennessee

Dickson County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 54,315. The county seat is Charlotte.

Charlotte, Tennessee

Charlotte is a town in and the county seat of Dickson County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,656.

Lexington, Texas

Lexington is a town in Lee County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,217.

Counties of Croatia

The counties of Croatia () are the first-level administrative divisions of the Republic of Croatia. Croatia is divided into 20 counties and the capital city of Zagreb, which is both a county and a city. It is separate from Zagreb County. The counties are divided into 128 cities and 428 municipalities.

The counties are governed by county assemblies (). Members of the county assembly are elected for a four-year term.

Lika-Senj County

Lika-Senj County (, ) is a county of Croatia. It includes most of the Lika region and some coastline on the Adriatic. It also includes the northern part of the Pag island. The seat of the county is Gospić.

The county is the least populated (with 50,927 inhabitants in 2011) and one of the poorest. It is the largest Croatian county by area. It includes the Plitvice Lakes National Park and Sjeverni Velebit National Park. These are some of Croatia's major tourist attractions. The county has a total area of 5353 km.

Lika-Senj County is divided into 12 towns and municipalities:


Since the early 20th century, the county's population has been shrinking. As of the 2011 census, the county had 50,927 residents. The population density is 9.5/km.

The Croatian State Bureau of Statistics estimated the population of the county to be 45,493 in 2017, and 45,184 in 2018.

Ethnic Croats are the majority. They are 84.15% of the population. Serbs are 13.65%. Serbs are the majority in the municipalities of Vrhovine, Donji Lapac, and Udbina.

In 1991, before the Croatian War of Independence started, Croats were 59.7% of the population and Serbs were 37%. The eastern part of the county was a majority Serbian area.

Ledger

A ledger is a book or computer file that helps keep track of how much of something, usually money, that a person or group of people have. A ledger is often used in accounting to keep track of money you owe or money that is owed to you.

The three types of ledgers are the general, debtors, and creditors. The general ledger accumulates information from journals. Each month all journals are totaled and posted to the General Ledger. 

Senate (Netherlands)

The Senate ( or simply ' , literally "First Chamber", or sometimes ' ) is the upper house of the States General, the legislature of the Netherlands. 

Its 75 members are elected on lists by the members of the twelve States-Provincial and four electoral colleges for the Senate (three for the Caribbean Netherlands islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba and one for Dutch expatriates) every four years, within three months of the provincial elections.

Original seats in Senate or First Chamber ("Eerste Kamer").


List of presidents of the Senate of the Netherlands

The President of the Senate () is one of the 75 members of the Senate of the Netherlands and is elected to lead its meetings and be its representative.
The office has been held by Jan Anthonie Bruijn of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) since 2019.


Jan Anthonie Bruijn

Jan Anthonie Bruijn (born 7 February 1958) is a Dutch politician and physician. He has been the President of the Senate since 2 July 2019. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and has been of the Senate since 6 November 2012.


List of speakers of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands

The Speaker of the House of Representatives () is one of the 150 members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, elected to lead the meetings of the House. 

The office is currently held by Vera Bergkamp of Democrats 66 (D66). 


Beverly Pepper

Beverly Pepper (née Stoll; December 20, 1922 – February 5, 2020) was an American sculptor. She was known for her monumental works, site specific and land art. She remained independent from any particular art movement. 

Pepper had her studio in Todi, Italy. She was represented by Marlborough Gallery, as well as Kayne Griffin Corcoran, who presented the first major Los Angeles solo exhibition of her work in 2017.

Pepper died on February 5, 2020, at her Todi home at the age of 97.

Deborah Batts

Deborah Anne Batts (April 13, 1947 – February 3, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the Judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1994 to 2012, after being nominated by Bill Clinton. In June 1994, Deborah Batts was sworn in as a United States District Judge for Manhattan, becoming the nation's first openly LGBT, African-American federal judge. She took senior status on her 65th birthday, April 13, 2012. Batts was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Batts died on February 3, 2020 in Manhattan from problems caused by knee surgery, aged 72.

Dive Coaster

The Dive Coaster (also known as "Vertical Drop Coaster"), first built in 1997. It is a steel roller coaster type made by Bolliger & Mabillard (B&M). The first drop coaster was made in 1998 at Alton Towers and is known as Oblivion, the latest Dive Coaster (at the time of writing this) is Emperor at SeaWorld San Diego in 2020.

Development on the coaster began in "1994/95". When theme park designer John Wardley designs the idea of a Dive Coaster as to be a successor to his 1994 coaster Nemesis. He realised that the coaster was too ambitious for its time. So Wardley waited until the "1997/98" to test out his new machine. The first design of the ride was Oblivion at Alton Towers, opened in 14 March 1998.

The coaster was only two years old when the next order for a dive coaster was made in the form of Diving Machine G5 in Janfusun Fancyworld in Taiwan. Which was just a mirror image of Oblivion.

In 2005, saw the release of not only the third Dive Coaster to be built, but the first to be built in America, first to be built over 200 ft and the first ever custom-layout Dive Coaster. Sheikra was opened on May 21, 2005 at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay.

In 2007, Busch Gardens Williamsburg announced Griffon on August 23, 2006. But officially opened on May 18, 2007. It was the first dive coaster to have floorless trains. Although, the same year. Busch Gardens reopened with floorless trains on June 16, 2007.

In 2011, Heide Park (a German theme park in Soltau, Germany) released Krake, a dive coaster opening on April 16, 2011. This was the first dive coaster to feature 6 seated trains, which coined the phrase "Mini-Dive Coaster"

In 2019, Yukon Striker was released on May 3, 2019. It was the first dive coaster to include a Vertical Loop. It opened at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario.

Bolliger & Mabillard has built fourteen Dive Coasters with one to be opened in 2020. The roller coasters are listed in order of opening dates.


Bedford, New Hampshire

Bedford is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 23,322.

Smyrna, Georgia

Smyrna is a city in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 55,663.

Francie Brolly

Francis Brolly (13 January 1938 – 6 February 2020) was an Irish republican politician, musician and teacher. He was born in Dungiven, Northern Ireland. He was a member of Sinn Féin until 2018. From 2003 to 2010, he served as a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for East Londonderry.

Brolly died on 6 February 2020. He was in his early 80s.

Brod-Posavina County

Brod-Posavina County () is a county in southern Slavonia, Croatia. Its center is the city of Slavonski Brod. It is on the left bank of the Sava. Because of this, it is called "Posavina".

The Brod-Posavina County borders on the Sisak-Moslavina County in the west, Požega-Slavonia County in the north, Osijek-Baranja County in the northeast, and Vukovar-Srijem County in the east.

Brod-Posavina County is divided into:


As of the 2011 census, the county had 158,575 residents. The population density is 78 people per km.

Ethnic Croats are the majority with 95.0% of the population. Serbs are 2.6%.

J. B. Sumarlin

Johannes Baptista Sumarlin (7 December 1932 – 6 February 2020) was an Indonesian economist and politician. He served as Minister of Finance under president Suharto between 1988 and 1993.

Sumarlin was born in Nglegok, Blitar, East Java. He died in Jakarta at the age of 87.


Marie Muhammad

Marie Muhammad (3 April 1939 – 11 December 2016) was an Indonesian politician and philanthropist. He served as the Minister of Finance under president Suharto between 1993 and 1998. He also served as chairman of the Indonesian Red Cross Society from 1998 to 2009.

Muhammmad died of brain cancer on 11 December 2016 in Cawang, Jakarta. He was 77.

CBT

CBT may refer to:

Cognitive-behavioral therapy, a type of therapy 
Cock and ball torture, a sexual activity

Olympic National Park

Olympic National Park is a national park in the U.S. state of Washington. It was established on June 29, 1938. The park covers nearly of the Olympic Peninsula and covers most of the Olympic Mountains. The western part of the national park is the wettest place in the contiguous United States (outside Hawaii and Alaska).

Subsidy

A subsidy is a sum of money given by the public body to help an industry or business to keep the price of a commodity or service low.

Ratcliff, London

Ratcliff is an area of East London. It is in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is located on the north side of the River Thames. It was once a hamlet in the historic county of Middlesex.

Ratcliff is the site of one of London biggest fires in 1794. It began at Clovers Barge Yard. The flames quickly spread to a nearby barge loaded with saltpetre. This was a substance used to make gunpowder and matches. This exploded. Causing the fire to spread and destroying Ratcliff.

Ratcliff name is from a sandstone cliff. This used to be above the surrounding marshes. This had a red appearance. Hence Red-cliffe.

Ratcliffe was known for shipbuilding. It was an important sea departure area. In the sixteenth century. Such as Willoughby and Frobisher. Ratcliffe at this time also had the largest population in Stepney. Having 3500 residents.

Around 1669. Almost 200 Presbyterians were worshipping inside a warehouse in Ratcliffe. There was a purpose-built Quaker meeting house in Schoolhouse Lane that had been built near the same time.

Ratcliffe was divided between the parishes of Limehouse and Stepney until 1866. It was constituted a separate civil parish. It was then administered by Limehouse District Board of Works. In 1900 it joined the Metropolitan Borough of Stepney.

As the warehouses fell into decline. They were not allowed to stand and were cleared for redevelopment.

Eden Alene

Eden Alene (born 7 May 2000), professionally known as Eden, is an Israeli singer who will represent Israel at the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.

Regular army

Most countries have armed forces, which are usually called regular army. Very often, the constitution of a country talks about this army. This is different from rebel groups or militia, who may also train forces. The regular army is a official army of a official country. They are temporary army's. Still, the person in charge of the army is the president or King or the head of the government. Very often, a regular army has two parts:

Inconvertible currency

Some countries limit the exchange of their currency: In some cases, only a limited amount of money can be exchanged. In other cases, the money cannot be exchanged legally at all. Such a currency is called inconvertible currency. In such cases, there often is a black market.

Great Turkish War

The Great Turkish War was fought between 1683 and 1699 by Ottoman Empire and the winning Holy League (the Habsburg Monarchy, Poland-Lithuania, Venice and Russia). Intensive fighting began in 1683 after the Ottomans failed to take the city of Vienna during the siege and ended with the signing of the Treaty of Karlowitz in 1699. The defeated Ottoman Empire lost for the first time large amounts of territory: in Hungary and the Poland–Lithuania, as well as part of the western Balkans. The war was also significant in that it marked the first time Russia was involved in an alliance with Western Europe.

5 Centimeters per Second

5 Centimeters per Second (Japanese: 秒速5センチメートル, Hepburn: "Byōsoku Go Senchimētoru") is a 2007 anime film made by Makoto Shinkai. It is made up of three parts, "Cherry Blossom", "Cosmonaut" and "5 Centimeters per Second". The film is 65 minutes long.

The story takes place in Japan from the early 90s to 2008.


Leons Briedis

Leons Briedis (December 16, 1949 – February 1, 2020) was a Latvian poet, novelist, essayist, literary critic and publisher. 

In 1974, Briedis becme a member of the Latvian Writers' Union (several times also a member of the Board), and from 1987 he was a member of the international organisation of writers (poets, essayists, prosaists) — PEN Club. From 1993 to 1997 he was Vice-President of the Latvian PEN Club.

He worked in most diverse culture editions and was Head of poetry section of the newspaper "Literatūra un Māksla" (1986–1987), Editor-in-Chief of the cultural journal "Jaunās Grāmatas", culturological magazine "Grāmata" (1990–1992) and Editor-in- Chief of "Vārds", magazine of the Latvian Writers' Union (1993).

Briedis died on February 1, 2020 in Riga at the age of 70.

John A. DiBiaggio

John Angelo DiBiaggio (September 11, 1932 – February 1, 2020) was an American educator. He was the President of the University of Connecticut from 1979 to 1985, then of Michigan State University from 1985 to 1992, and of Tufts University from 1992 to 2001. He was born in Houston, Texas.

DiBiaggio died on February 1, 2020 at the age of 87.

Tufts University

Tufts University is a private research university in Medford and Somerville, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1852 by Christian universalists. 

It was a small New England liberal arts college until its transformation into a larger research university in the 1970s. It is known for its internationalism and study abroad programs.

Tufts has a campus in Medford / Somerville area. The School of Arts and Sciences and School of Engineering are on the Medford / Somerville campus. It has another campus in Downtown Boston. The campus in Boston has the dental, medical, and nutrition schools.

Claudio Bonadio

Claudio Bonadio (1 February 1956 – 4 February 2020) was an Argentine judge. He was in charge of Federal Criminal and Correctional Court No. 11 from 1994 until his death. He was a critic of Presidents of Argentina Fernando de la Rúa, Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. He was considered to be a key suspected of a car bomb attack against the Argentine Israel Mutual Association (AMIA) and was a key figure of the bribe scandal.

Ola Magnell

Nils Olaus Lennart Karl Magnell (20 January 1946 – 6 February 2020) was a Swedish pop-rock singer-songwriter and guitarist. His works were first put out by Metronome Records in the 1970s. He was born in Skälby gård, Sweden. 

His best known works were "Påtalåten", "Skurken", "Festen är över", "Trasten", "Jag fryser (på dej)", "Kärlek", "Fan på väggen", "Malvina utan mörker", "Opportunisten", "Ett hus" and "Johanna (i skuggan av Stockholm)".

Magnell died on 6 February 2020 of heart failure in Tunby, Sweden at the age of 74.

Martha Speaks

Martha Speaks is a educational children's television show. It first aired on September 1, 2008 and ended on November 18, 2014. The main character of the show is Martha who is a young dog that speaks. The television show is based off of the 1992's children's book Martha Speaks.

On June 10, 2013, the creator of "Martha Speaks" sued WGBH for getting not a lot of money.

On November 18, 2014, the show aired its final episode before it got cancelled.


Li Wenliang

Li Wenliang (; 12 October 1986 – 6 February 2020) was a Chinese ophthalmologist at . He was thought to be one of the first people to issue a warning about the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, on 30 December 2019.

On 3 January 2020, Wuhan police arrested him for "making false comments on the Internet". Li returned to work but later suffered from the virus from an infected patient.

He died from the infection on 6 February 2020.


David Bustamante

David Bustamante Hoyos (born 25 March 1982) is a Spanish pop singer-songwriter. He gained fame in 2001 as a third-place winner on "Operación Triunfo".

Bustamante has sold more than 2 million records in Spain and Latin America, getting 15 Platinum in albums.


Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela

Gilberto José Rodríguez Orejuela (January 30, 1939 – May 31, 2022) was a Colombian former drug lord. He was once one of the leaders of the Cali Cartel, based in the city of Cali. He was born in Mariquita, Tolima, Colombia. Rodríguez Orejuela was serving a 30-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Butner in North Carolina at the time of his death.

In February 2020, it was announced that Rodríguez Orejuela was diagnosed with colon and prostate cancer. He died at a prison medial center in Butner, North Carolina on May 31, 2022 at the age of 83.

Jhon Jairo Velásquez

Jhon Jairo Velásquez Vasquez (April 15, 1962 – February 6, 2020), also known by the alias "Popeye", was a hitman. He was part of the criminal structure of the Medellín Cartel until his surrender to the Colombian justice system in 1992. He was a known as a hitman working for Pablo Escobar.

Jhon Jairo was known as "JJ" and was the "General of the Mafia" and even killed his girlfriend at Pablo's request.

In January 2020, it was announced that Velásquez had terminal esophageal cancer. He died on February 6, 2020 in Bogotá from the disease, aged 57.

Peter Hogg

Peter Wardell Hogg (3 December 1939 – 4 February 2020) was a New Zealand-born Canadian legal scholar and lawyer. He was best known as the leading authority on Canadian constitutional law.

In 1970, he was appointed Professor of Law at Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto and was appointed Dean in 1998. In 2003 he accepted a position as scholar in residence at the law firm of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP.

Hogg wrote several books, including "Constitutional Law of Canada", the single most-cited book in decisions of the Supreme Court of Canada. He was a key figure in the Supreme Court's decision to legalize gay marriage in Canada in 2004.

Hogg died on 4 February 2020, aged 80.

Jessica Rosenworcel

Jessica Rosenworcel (born July 12, 1971) is an American attorney. She is a member of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). She originally was on the FCC from May 11, 2012 to January 3, 2017, and was confirmed by the Senate for an additional term on August 3, 2017. In 2021, she became Chairwoman of the FCC.

On January 21, 2021, President Joe Biden picked her to be the interim chair of FCC, making her the second-ever woman to serve in this position. 

In October 2021, President Biden nominated Rosenworcel to be the permanent FCC Chair. She was confirmed by the United States Senate in December 2021.

K. C. Jones

K. C. Jones (May 25, 1932 – December 25, 2020) was an American basketball player and coach. He is best known for his career with the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

He is the only African-American non-player head coach to win multiple NBA championships. Jones was added into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1989.

Jones died on December 25, 2020 at an assisted living center from Alzheimer's disease-related problems in Connecticut, aged 88.

Dave Rubin

David Joshua Rubin is an American libertarian political commentator who calls himself a Classical liberal.

Rubin was born in 1976 to a secular Jewish family in Brooklyn. He finished high school in 1994. He got a degree in political science in 1998. In 2000, Rubin started doing stand-up comedy and continued until 2007. He then started hosting podcasts. In 2012, Rubin started his own show on YouTube called The Rubin Report.

Rubin always said he was a liberal but was annoyed when other liberals became too left-wing and a lot were not angry about violence people on the left used against Ben Shapiro. Rubin calls himself a Classical liberal. Rubin supports gay marriage and marijuana being legal but only thinks abortion should be legal when the fetus can't yet survive on its own. Rubin also supports free speech.

Rubin is gay and married to a man named David Janet. He used to call himself a "gay atheist Jew". Since then he has said that because of Jordan Peterson he isn't an atheist anymore.

The people Rubin has interviewed on his show more often than he has interviewed anyone else are Jordan Peterson, Douglas Murray, Gad Saad and Ben Shapiro. 

Fort Greene, Brooklyn

Fort Greene is a neighborhood in the northwestern part of Brooklyn, New York City. As of the 2010 census, the neighborhood had a population of 28,335.

Phillip Schofield

Phillip Bryan Schofield (born 1 April 1962) is a British television presenter who worked for ITV. He and Holly Willoughby were the co-presenters of "This Morning" (2002–2023) and "Dancing on Ice" (2006–2014, 2018–2023). 

His other work for ITV includes "All Star Mr & Mrs" (2008–2016), "The Cube" (2009–2015) and "5 Gold Rings" (2017–2020).

Schofield gained attention for working for the BBC. He was a presenter for Children's BBC on weekdays featuring Gordon the gopher from 1985 to 1987. He was later a presenter on the children's Saturday morning magazine show "Going Live!" between September 1987 and April 1993.

Schofield was born in Oldham, Lancashire. He grew up in Newquay, Cornwall. At the age of 19, he moved with his family to New Zealand. He is a dual British and New Zealand citizen. He married Stephanie Lowe in 1993. The couple have two children. He lives in Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire. On 7 February 2020, Schofield came out as gay to the public.

Schofield was sacked and had to sell his sponsorship with WeBuyAnyCar.com due to skipping the queue with Holly Willoughby during the lying in state of Her late Sovereign Majesty Queen Elizabeth II at Westminster Hall. In 2023, Schofield had to resign from ITV after he admitted to having an affair with an ITV employee more than 30 years younger. He also admitted to lying to lawyers, agents and others about the affair.

Holly Willoughby

Holly Marie Willoughby (born 10 February 1981) is a British television presenter, model and author. She works for ITV. She is best known as for being a co-presenter of "This Morning" (from 2009–2023) and "Dancing on Ice" (2006–2011, 2018–present) alongside Phillip Schofield (2007–2023) and Stephen Mulhern. Willoughby and Schofield are presenting duos known as Holly & Phillip. 

In 2000, she became a presenter on the children's TV channel CITV. She became famous from this and was chosen to present "Dancing on Ice" with Phillip Schofield. Willoughby and Schofield also began co-hosting the show "This Morning" together. 

From 2008 to 2020, she was a team captain on ITV2's "Celebrity Juice" alongside Fearne Cotton. From 2012 to 2015, Willoughby presented the series "Surprise Surprise." Other TV work includes "The Xtra Factor" (2008–2009), "The Voice UK" (2012–2013) and "Play to the Whistle" (2015–2017). In 2018, she hosted the eighteenth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" alongside Declan Donnelly.

In September 2022, following the death of Elizabeth II, many members of the public formed a queue to see the Queen's coffin. Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were spotted by many skipping the queue and going inside the building where the coffin was. This made many people angry.

In early 2023, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby were reported to be arguing. Not long after, Schofield resigned after it was revealed he had an affair with an employee over thirty years younger than him. Willoughby now presents "This Morning" alone with a selection of other presenters. On 10 October 2023, she announced that she was leaving "This Morning."

On 4 October 2023, a man was arrested after he was suspected of plotting to kidnap and kill Holly Willoughby. The following day, Willoughby was taken into police protection and did not appear on TV, with Alison Hammond filling in her role.

Willoughby was born in Brighton. She married Dan Baldwin in 2007. The couple have three children. Willoughby is dyslexic.


Tom Noonan

Tom Noonan (born April 12, 1951) is an American actor, director and screenwriter. He is best known for playing villains in movies. 

Noonan's roles include Francis Dollarhyde in "Manhunter" (1986), Frankenstein's monster in "The Monster Squad" (1987), Cain in "RoboCop 2" (1990), The Ripper in "Last Action Hero" (1993), Bill Lacey in "Tales from the Darkside" (1984), Sammy Barnathan in "Synecdoche, New York" (2008). In 2015, he voiced each supporting character in "Anomalisa" (2015). His TV credits include "The Beat", "Damages", "Hell on Wheels", "12 Monkeys" and "Louie".

Noonan was born in Greenwich, Connecticut. His brother was playwright John Ford Noonan. He was married to actress Karen Young from 1992 to 1999. He has two children.


Thomas Harris

William Thomas Harris III (born September 22, 1940) is an American writer. He is best known for a series of suspense novels about his most famous character, Hannibal Lecter. 

Harris wrote "Black Sunday" (1975), "Red Dragon" (1981), "The Silence of the Lambs" (1988), "Hannibal" (1999), "Hannibal Rising" (2006) and "Cari Mora" (2019). Most of his works have been made into movies and television shows. The most notable is "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991), which became only the third movie in Academy Awards history to sweep the Oscars in major categories.

Harris was born in Jackson, Tennessee. As a child, he moved with his family to Rich, Mississippi. He was married to Harriet Anne Haley from 1961 to 1967. They had a daughter, Elizabeth Anne. His long-term domestic partner is Pace Barnes. Harris did not give any interviews between 1976 and 2019. 


Philoctetes

He was killed by Philoctetes, an Achaean hero-king who had been abandoned by the others on the island of Lemnos after a venomous snake bite rendered him disabled and made his leg stink. Philoctetes survived (either alone, as Sophocles suggests, or with the help of the local population, as most other sources claim), and in the tenth year of the war the Achaeans heard of a prophecy dictating them to bring him back, if they wanted to see Troy fall. You see, Philoctetes had inherited Hercules’ bow and arrows, which were dipped in the blood of the Lernaean Hydra. Odysseus and Neoptolemus (with the now-deified Hercules’ help) persuaded Philoctetes to come back, and Asclepius’ sons, Machaon and Podaleirius, cured his leg. On his first fighting day, Philoctetes mortally wounded Paris with his arrows.

Diving Machine G5

Diving Machine G5 (ダイビングマシンG5) is a steel dive coaster located at Janfusun Fancyworld in Gukeng, Yunlin, Taiwan.

It is the Second Drop Coaster to be built ever and the first and only to be built in Taiwan. It was built on March 29, 2000 and was Manufactured by Bolliger and Mabillard.

It is a mirror image of Oblivion at Alton Towers in 1998.

The ride slowly creeps up the lift hill to 65 ft (20 m). the ride-shuttle-cars turn a almost 180-degree turn towards a holding brake. The ride-car hangs over the edge for 7 seconds or shorter. and shoots down 180 ft downwards. and instantly comes back up at a 45 degree angle and goes into a small banked curve upwards and downwards into a slight incline into a brake run.

Eduardo Suplicy

Eduardo Matarazzo Suplicy (born June 21, 1941) is a Brazilian left-wing politician, economist and professor. He is one of the founders and main political figures on the Workers Party of Brazil (PT). He was born in São Paulo. In 2017, he was elected to the city council of São Paulo. He held that office before between 1989 to 1990.

Suplicy was elected State Deputy of São Paulo in 1979. In 1983, he became a member of the Chamber of Deputies. Leaving office in 1987, he became a Senator in 1991. He left the Senate in 2015.

Chamber of Deputies (Brazil)

The Chamber of Deputies () is a federal legislative body and the lower house of the National Congress of Brazil. The chamber comprises 513 deputies, who are elected by proportional representation to serve four-year terms. 

The current President of the Chamber is the deputy Rodrigo Maia (DEM-RJ), who was reelected in February 1, 2019.


Olympic Peninsula

The Olympic Peninsula is a peninsula of the Pacific Northwest. It is located in west of the state of Washington. The Olympic Mountains are located in the Olympic Peninsula. It is home to the Olympic National Park. The western part of the peninsula is the wettest place in the contiguous United States (outside Hawaii and Alaska).

President of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil)

The President of the Chamber of Deputies is the speaker of the lower house of the National Congress of Brazil, elected by his peers for a two-year term. 

Rodrigo Maia

Rodrigo Felinto Ibarra Epitácio Maia (born 12 June 1970) is a Brazilian politician. He was the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil from 2016 until 2021.

Ulysses Guimarães

Ulysses Silveira Guimarães ( October 6, 1916 – October 12, 1992) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He played an important role in opposing the military dictatorship in Brazil. He is thought to be the "Grandfather of Brazilian Democracy". 

He died in a helicopter accident by the shore near Angra dos Reis, in the south of Rio de Janeiro state.

President of the Federal Senate (Brazil)

The President of the Federal Senate, sometimes referred to as the President of the Senate, is elected from among their number by the members of the Brazilian Federal Senate.

They stand third in the order of presidential succession, after the Vice-President of the Republic and the President of the Chamber of Deputies. 

Edison Lobão

Edison Bariano Lobão (born December 5, 1936) is a Brazilian politician. He was governor of Maranhão from March 15, 1991 to April 2, 1994 and as minister of mines and energy in the national government under the Dilma Rousseff administration. 

He has also been a senator since 1987. He was the President of the Senate in 2001.

Davi Alcolumbre

Davi Samuel Alcolumbre Tobelem (born 19 June 1977) is a Brazilian politician. He was the President of the Senate of Brazil from 2019 until 2021. He has been a Senator, representing the state of Amapá, since 2015. He is a member of the Democrats.

In March 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Alcolumbre had tested positive for COVID-19.


Democrats (Brazil)

The Democrats (, DEM) is a political party in Brazil. It was founded in 1985. It changed to its current name in 2007. The original name reflected the party's support of free market policies. The Democrats' identification number is 25 and its colors are green, blue, and white.

Federal Senate

The Federal Senate () is the upper house of the National Congress of Brazil.

In its current form the Senate has 81 seats, three each for the Federal District and the 26 states. Senators sit for eight years, and elections are that either a third or two-thirds are up for election every four years.

The current president of the Brazilian Senate is Davi Alcolumbre, from the Democrats of Amapá. He was elected in early 2019 for a two-year term.


Cármen Lúcia

Cármen Lúcia Antunes Rocha (; 19 April 1954) is a Brazilian jurist. She is a member of the Supreme Federal Court since 2006. 

She is the second woman to have been chosen as a justice for the Court and Chief Justice and a professor of Constitutional Law at Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais. 

She was nominated by former President of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. She is known for her firm stance regarding women's rights.

She was President of the Superior Electoral Court of Brazil. She was the President of the Supreme Federal Court. She became Acting President from April 13, 2018 until April 14 of the same year.

Vivian Cash

Vivian Liberto Cash Distin (April 23, 1934 – May 24, 2005) was the first wife of Johnny Cash. They were married from 1954 to 1966. Linerot divorced Cash because of his bad problems with drug addiction. Cash and Liberto had four daughters. Vivian died on May 24, 2005 from problems caused by lung cancer.

Dias Toffoli

José Antonio Dias Toffoli (born November 15, 1967) is a Brazilian lawyer. In September 2018, he became President of the Supreme Federal Court of Brazil.

Cullybackey

Cullybackey or Cullybacky () is a small village in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It has got lots of cafes and a very good pub. It has won Britain in bloom for 4 years running.

It is a predominantly Protestant area, and host the twelfth every 3 years.

There are 2 schools, one is the Buick Memorial Primary School and the other is Cullybackey High School.


Supreme Federal Court

The Supreme Federal Court (, , abbreviated STF) is the supreme court (court of last resort) of Brazil, serving primarily as the Constitutional Court of the country. 

It is the highest court of law in Brazil.

On 8 January 2023, supporters of former President Jair Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto. The event was seen as an attempted coup d'état to overturn the election results of the 2022 general election.


José Celso de Mello Filho

José Celso de Mello Filho (Tatuí, 1 November 1945), is a Brazilian jurist. He is the oldest member of the Supreme Federal Court of Brazil. He was nominated by President José Sarney in 1989.

He became the youngest President of the Court in 1997.

PAIS Alliance

The PAIS Alliance (; ; "país" also means "country" in Spanish) is an Ecuadorian center-left social democratic, and originally democratic socialist political party.

Creating Opportunities

Creating Opportunities (Spanish name "Creando Oportunidades", CREO, the acronym also being the Spanish word for "I believe") is an Ecuadorian political movement founded in January 2012 and participated in the 2013 presidential elections with Guillermo Lasso as their candidate for president.

Social Christian Party (Ecuador)

The Social Christian Party (; PSC) is a center-right political party in Ecuador.

The party was founded in 1951 under the name of Social Christian Movement ("Movimiento Social Cristiano") by Camilo Ponce Enríquez, who was Ecuador's president from 1956 to 1960, and Sixto Durán Ballén. 

It was initially focused on Quito. 


Cynthia Viteri

Cynthia Fernanda Viteri Jiménez (born 19 November 1965) is an Ecuadorian lawyer, journalist and politician. She is currently serving as Mayor of Guayaquil since 2019. She was the presidential candidate for Partido Social Cristiano in the 2017 presidential elections and was a candidate in the 2006 presidential elections of Ecuador and finished fifth. 

Between 1998 and 2007 she was a member of the National Congress. Since 2009 she has been a member of the National Assembly. 

On March 24, 2019, she was elected Mayor of Guayaquil in the sectional elections of Ecuador.

President of the National Assembly of Ecuador

The President of the National Assembly is the presiding officer of the legislature of Ecuador. In 2009 the National Congress of Ecuador was replaced by the National Assembly. The position of President of the National Assembly has existed since then.

Below is a complete list of office-holders:

Fernando Cordero Cueva

Juan Fernando Cordero Cueva (born May 27, 1952) is an Ecuadorian politician and architect. He was the mayor of Cuenca between 1996 and 2005. He was also Member of the Ecuadorian Congress and President of the Ecuadorian Constituent Assembly in 2008. 

Between 2009 and 2013 he was President of the National Assembly. 

From September 2014 to March 2016 he was Minister of National Defence.

Gabriela Rivadeneira

Gabriela Alejandra Rivadeneira Burbano (born 25 July 1983) is an Ecuadorian politician. She was President of the National Assembly of Ecuador between May 2013 and May 2017. She was Governor of Imbabura Province from 2011 to 2012.

José Serrano Salgado

José Serrano Salgado (born 19 November 1970) is an Ecuadorian politician. He was President of the National Assembly between 14 May 2017 and 9 March 2018. He was Minister of the Interior from 13 May 2011 to 15 November 2016. 

Elizabeth Cabezas

Elizabeth Cabezas Guerrero (born 14 June 1963) is an Ecuadorian economist and politician. She was elected the President of the National Assembly on 14 March 2018.

César Litardo

César Ernesto Litardo Caicedo (born 8 January 1979) is an Ecuadorian economist and politician. He was elected the President of the National Assembly on 14 May 2019.

National Congress (Ecuador)

The National Congress (Spanish: "Congreso Nacional)" was the unicameral legislative branch of the government of Ecuador prior to November 2007.

Under the 1998 Constitution, Congress met in Quito and was made up of 100 deputies "(diputados)." Each of the country's 22 provinces returned a minimum of two deputies plus one additional seat for every 200,000 inhabitants.

It was dissolved on 29 November 2007 by the Ecuadorian Constituent Assembly and replaced by the National Assembly of Ecuador under the 2008 Constitution after being weaken by corruption.

Gary Esparza

Walter Gary Esparza Fabbiany (born 1934/1935) is an Ecuadorian politician and economist. He was born in Babahoyo, Ecuador. He was the President of the National Congress from 1983 to 1984. Before, he was the Vice President of the Congress from 1982 to 1983. He began his career as mayor of Babahoyo.

Babahoyo

Babahoyo (), founded September 30, 1948, is the capital of the Los Ríos province of Ecuador. Its population is cited around 153,000. It is bordered by two rivers, the San Pablo and the Caracol.


Los Ríos Province

Los Ríos () is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Babahoyo. The province was founded on October 6, 1860. Babahoyo was made its capital on September 30, 1948.

The province is divided into 13 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the time of the 2010 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Quevedo, Ecuador

Quevedo is a city in Ecuador located in the Los Rios Province. It is the seat of Quevedo Canton. Quevedo's population is 173,000. Because of its location west of the Andes mountains and right next to the Vinces River (a major waterway and tributary to the Pacific Ocean), the city is known for its massive flooding.

Latacunga

Latacunga (; Quechua: Latakunga) is a plateau town of Ecuador, capital of the Cotopaxi Province, south of Quito. At the time of census 2010 Latacunga had 98,355 people living here. 

Ambato, Ecuador

Ambato (; full form, San Juan de Ambato; Quechua: Ampatu Llaqta) is a city located in the central Andean valley of Ecuador. It is the capital of the province of Tungurahua. 

It is nicknamed "City of Flowers and Fruit", "Cradle of the Three Juans", and "Garden of Ecuador." The current mayor of Ambato is Javier Altamirano.

Tungurahua Province

Tungurahua (, literally "Province of the Tungurahua"; ) is one of the twenty-four provinces of Ecuador. Its capital is Ambato. The province takes its name from the Tungurahua volcano.

Tungurahua

Tungurahua, (; from Quichua "tunguri" (throat) and "rahua" (fire), "Throat of Fire") is an active stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Oriental of Ecuador. The volcano gives its name to the province of Tungurahua. 

Volcanic activity restarted on August 19, 1999, and is ongoing , with several major eruptions since then, the last starting on 1 February 2014.

Malik Ata Muhammad Khan

Malik Ata Muhammad Khan (Urdu, , 25 January 1938 – 6 February 2020), popularly known as Prince Malik Ata was a Pakistani feudal lord and politician. He was born in British India. Khan was a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 1990 to 1993. He was President of the Equestrian Federation from 1982 until his death and Vice President of the International Tent Pegging Federation from 2013 until his death.

Khan died on 6 February 2020 in Attock, Pakistan at the age of 82 .

Riobamba

Riobamba (, full name San Pedro de Riobamba; Quechua: Rispampa) is the capital of the Chimborazo Province in central Ecuador, which is located at the Chambo River Valley of the Andes. It is south of Ecuador's capital Quito.

Chimborazo Province

Chimborazo is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Riobamba. 

It is a home to a section of Sangay National Park. The province has Chimborazo (6,267 m), Ecuador's highest mountain. 

The province is divided into 10 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the time of the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Nexhmije Pagarusha

Nexhmije Pagarusha (7 May 1933 – 7 February 2020) was an Albanian singer and actress. She was known as the queen of Albanian music. She was known for her Albanian folk songs during her three decade career, starting in 1948. She was born in Mališevo, Vardar Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia .

Pagarusha died on 7 February 2020 in Tirana, aged 86.


Rexhep Meidani

Rexhep Qemal Meidani (born 17 August 1944) is an Albanian physics professor, diplomat and politician. Meidani was the 4th President of Albania from 1997 to 2002.

Zog I of Albania

Zog I, King of the Albanian (, ; 8 October 18959 April 1961) was the leader of Albania from 1922 to 1939. He first was Prime Minister of Albania (1922–1924), then as President (1925–1928), and finally as the first and only King (1928–1939) of Albanian Ancestry.

Ramiz Alia

Ramiz Tafë Alia (18 October 1925 – 7 October 2011) was the second and last leader of the People's Socialist Republic of Albania from 1985 to 1991 after Enver Hoxha died . He was First Secretary of the Party of Labor of Albania. He was also the country's head of state from 1982 to 1992.

Alia died on 7 October 2011 in Tirana of lung disease, aged 85.

Aleksandër Meksi

Aleksandër Meksi (born 8 March 1939) is an Albanian politician. He was the 28th Prime Minister of Albania from 13 April 1992 to 11 March 1997. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Parliament of Albania

The Parliament of Albania () or Kuvendi is the unicameral representative body of the citizens of the Republic of Albania; it is Albania's legislature. The Parliament is made up of not less than 140 members elected to a four-year term. 

Gramoz Ruçi

Gramoz Ruçi (born 6 December 1951) is an Albanian politician. He was the head of the parliamentarian group of the ruling Socialist Party of Albania until 2017. In September 2017, he became the Chairman of the Parliament of Albania for the new parliamentary session.

Jozefina Topalli

Jozefina Çoba Topalli (born November 26, 1963) is an Albanian politician. She was the Chairwoman of the Parliament of Albania from September 3, 2005 to 10 September 2013. She was vice president of the Democratic Party of Albania.

Servet Pëllumbi

Servet Pëllumbi (born December 12, 1936) is an Albanian politician. He was born in Korçë, Albania. He was Chairman of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania from 30 April 2002 until 3 September 2005. 

Pëllumbi is a lecturer in Political Academy of the Socialist Party of Albania.

Chairperson of the Parliament of Albania

The Chairperson of the Parliament of Albania () is the head of the Parliament whose term coincides with the term of the Parliament and they are elected by a vote during the opening session. 

If the President is temporarily absent or is out of office, the speaker takes over the functions of the office, as specified by the Constitution. 

As of 9 September 2017, the Chairperson of the Parliament is Gramoz Ruçi.

Petro Dode

Petro Dode (born 17 April 1924) is an Albanian politician. He was Chairman of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania from 19 February 1987 to 15 April 1991. He was born in Pobickë, Kolonjë. He was also first candidate of the Central Committee (CC) of the Labour Party of Albania (PPSh).

Ali Manaj

Ali Manaj (born November 7, 1937) is an Albanian politician. He was Chairman of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania from February 11, 1976 to December 25, 1978. He was born in Damës, Gjirokastër.

Wang Jin (archaeologist)

Wang Jin (; 12 December 1926 – 6 February 2020) was a Chinese archaeologist. Her research focus was on prehistoric sites in the Jianghan Plain. She was one of China's first female archaeologists. She was a member of the team that discovered the neolithic Qujialing culture.

She later led the excavation of major sites including the Tonglüshan ancient copper mine and the Shang dynasty city of Panlongcheng. She was leader of the Hubei Provincial Archaeological Team, Vice Director of Hubei Provincial Museum, and President of the Hubei Archaeological Association.

On 6 February 2020, Wang died of a rare form of tuberculosis in Wuhan, aged 93.

Luciano Ricceri

Luciano Ricceri (26 April 1940 – 1 February 2020) was an Italian production designer and costume designer. He was the winner of the David di Donatello for Best Sets and Decorations for the 1991 movie "Captain Fracassa's Journey" and the 2001 movie "Unfair Competition". He was born in Rome.

Ricceri died in Orte on 1 February 2020, at the age of 79.

Charles Wood (playwright)

Charles Wood (6 August 1932 – 1 February 2020) was a British playwright and scriptwriter. He was born in Guernsey. Wood was known for his works in "The Knack ...and How to Get It", "Help!" and "Iris". He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1984. He was nominated for many BAFTA Awards during his career.

Wood died on 1 February 2020 at the age of 87.


Do You Want to Build a Snowman?

"Do You Want to Build a Snowman" is a song from the 2013 movie Frozen sung by Katie Lopez, Agatha Lee Monn and Kristen Bell as the character at different ages. It is about Elsa and Anna building Olaf and creating a ice slide for Anna, then accidentally hurting Anna with her ice powers. Elsa then locks herself in her room. Anna tries to convince her to build a snowman but gives up after three various attempts. After a few seconds we see Anna and Elsa age through their childhood and teenage years, to young adulthood. Anna tries one more time to convince Elsa to build a snowman but fails again. She builds Olaf who then comes to life. The song has over 1,000,000 downloads as of Friday, November 25, 2016.

Amaltheia

In Greek mythology, Amaltheia is the name of a nymph, who raised Zeus with the milk of a goat. Other sources say that Amlatheia was the goat who made the origin of cornucopia. Other names of her are Aiga and Aix.

Alma Deutscher

Alma Elizabeth Deutscher (born 19 February 2005) is a British child prodigy who plays the piano, and violin.

Samy Badibanga

Samy Badibanga Ntita (born 12 September 1962) is a Congolese politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from November 2016 to May 2017.

Fahrettin Altun

Fahrettin Altun (born in Stuttgart in 1976 in Germany) is a Turkish politician, researcher, academic, member of the Justice and Development Party and head of media and communications in the Turkish presidency.

Shahbazpur Town

Shahbazpur Town is a small town, fishing port and administrative headquarters in Bangladesh. It is known for its wide natural rivers of Titas. It is the oldest river port. It is the oldest ferry terminal port area in Bangladesh. Shahbazpur Town is also known by the name "Shahbaz". Its old name (with diacritics) is Shāhbāz or Shāhbāzpur. The modern Shahbazpur Town gets its name from Shahbaz Ali (died 1605), the emperor's representative of Mughal Empire.

Today, Shahbazpur Town, Titas River is one of the most-visited regional tourist destinations in Bangladesh. It has not yet become a major district tourist destination.


Carter County, Missouri

Carter County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Van Buren. In 2020, 5,202 people lived there.

Kirkwood, Missouri

Kirkwood is a city in Missouri, United States. It is an inner-ring western suburb of St. Louis.

Data Discman

The Data Discman is an device that plays electronic books. It was made by Sony Corporation, which was the parent company of Sony Pictures Entertainment. It came out in the Western market in late 1991 or early 1992. It was marketed in the United States to college students and international travelers, but was only successful in Japan. The Discman product name was first used for Sony's range of portable CD players, such as the Sony Discman D-50, which first came out in 1984.

The Data Discman allows information to be accessed quickly on a pre-recorded disc. This is done using a QWERTY keyboard and the "Yes" and "No" keys.

Most Data Discman models have a small low-resolution grayscale LCD (256x200 at first, then up to 320x240 and in colour for later models), a CD drive (either Mini CD or full size), and a computer that is not very powerful. Early versions of the device cannot play audio CDs. Software is pre-recorded and mostly is encyclopedias, foreign language dictionaries and novels. Software was usually made using the Sony Electronic Book Authoring System.

A DD-1EX Data Discman is in the permanent collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. It is displayed in the V&A's 20th Century Gallery. This early model cannot play sound.

An updated model, the DD-10EX, came out in 1992 or 1993. The manual that comes with it gives a copyright date of 1992. Unlike the DD-1EX, the DD-10EX can also play audio files. The British version comes with two discs: one with the "Thomson Electronic Directory" for April 1992 on it, and one with the "Pocket Interpreter 5-language conversation book for travelers" on it. A DD-10EX was in an exhibition called "The Book and Beyond: Electronic Publishing and the Art of the Book", which was held at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, from April 1995 to October 1995. The exhibition also included a CD-ROM for the Data Discman, which is called "The Library of the Future", and came out in 1993.

The DD-1EX and DD-10EX were both in a flip or clamshell design, while the flat, rectangular design of the DD-8 was closer to later e-book readers, such as the Amazon Kindle.


Putnam County, Missouri

Putnam County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Unionville. In 2020, 4,681 people lived there. The county was organized on February 28, 1845 and named for Israel Putnam, a hero in the French and Indian War and a general in the American Revolutionary War.

Texas County, Missouri

Texas County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Houston. In 2020, 24,487 people lived there.

Randolph County, Missouri

Randolph County is a county in the northern part of the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Huntsville. In 2020, 24,716 people lived there.

Cole County, Missouri

Cole County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat and largest city is Jefferson City, the state capital. In 2020, 77,279 people lived there. The county was organized on November 16, 1820. It is south of the Missouri River.

Saline County, Missouri

Saline County is a county located along the Missouri River in the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Marshall. In 2020, 23,333 people lived there.

Ralls County, Missouri

Ralls County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is New London. In 2020, 10,355 people lived there.

McDonald County, Missouri

McDonald County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Pineville. In 2020, 23,303 people lived there.

Breed's Hill

Breed's Hill is also known as Bunker Hill. Breed's hill is located on Bunker Hill, Boston, MA 02129. This hill was where the Battle of Bunker Hill happened. Breeds Hill is actually a tiny island located in Boston. Breed's Hill may be most remembered for being in the American Revolutionary War.

California, Missouri

California is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Moniteau County.

Moniteau County, Missouri

Moniteau County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is California. In 2020, 15,473 people lived there.

Morgan County, Missouri

Morgan County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Versailles. In 2020, 21,006 people lived there.

Le Courrier

Le Courrier is a French-language daily newspaper, which originated in Geneva. It was first issued as a Sunday newspaper, on January 5, 1868. Most people in Geneva are Protestant. Le Courrier was issues by a small number of Catholics. It has always had a strong focus on Catholic values. In 1892, it became a daily newspaper. In 1907, Geneva had a separation of Church and state; at that time, the number of printed copied dropped markedly.

Until 1923, the newspaper was Christian and stood for conservative values. In that year Christan Levraz changed the focus to focus more on social values - The newspaper was left-wing, from then on. The Catholic Church was not too happy with the left-wing orientation of the newspaper. In 1996, the Church stopped supporting Le Courrier, because it saw the journal's attitude as too close to the Biblical teachings (that is: too evangelical). Today, the newspaper collaborates with La Liberté, another Catholic newspaper from Fribourg. In the year 2019, 7.000-8.000 copies were printed each day.

Le Courrier is the only newspaper printed in Geneva.


Daviess County, Missouri

Daviess County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Gallatin. In 2020, 8,430 people lived there.

Gallatin, Missouri

Gallatin is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Daviess County.

Trenton, Missouri

Trenton is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Grundy County.

Trenton has a total area of 6.7 square miles.

U.S. Route 101

U.S. Route 101, or U.S. Highway 101, (US 101) is a north–south United States Numbered Highway that goes along the West Coast of the United States. It goes through the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. It goes alongside, and often joins onto, California State Route 1 when going through California. Unlike most other 3 digit routes in the system which are treated as spurs of their two digit parent routes, US 101 is treated as a two digit Route with a first digit of "10". The reason for this was that if the west coast highway was numbered US 91, there would be no room to establish US 93, US 95, US 97, and US 99, all of which must be west of US 91. So, they decided to call the west coast highway US 101 instead. The '10' could have been underlined so that people think that this route is a two digit route rather than a spur route of US 1, the US Highway on the east coast.

The route starts in Los Angeles at the junction of the Interstate 5, Interstate 10, and California State Route 60. It goes west past the north side of Downtown Los Angeles towards the coast. It meets the coast near Oxnard and goes north along the coast from here. The main cities it passes through in California is Santa Maria, San Jose, San Francisco, Santa Rosa, and Eureka, California. In San Francisco, the route goes over the Golden Gate Bridge. The main cities the route passes in Oregon is North Bend, Florence, Newport, and Astoria. These cities are small, as no large cities are on Oregon's coast. It runs near to the Interstate 5, which goes through larger cities like Salem and Portland. In Washington, the main cities it passes through is Aberdeen, Forks and Port Angeles. It ends at the Interstate 5 in Olympia. The route is about in total.

The route used to be the main highway along the West Coast, but now most people use the Interstate 5 to go along the coast. The US 101 used to go south to San Diego, but the part of the US 101 between here and Los Angeles was totally replaced by the I-5 in the 1960s. When it first opened, the US 101 used small roads that had already been built. In 1933, a new highway with bridges and ramps was built so it was faster for people to use.


Crawl space

A crawl space is a narrow area under a building that may be used for reaching pipes, wires, etc. without the need to dig.

Sullivan County, Missouri

Sullivan County is a county in northern Missouri. The county seat is Milan. In 2020, 5,999 people lived there.

List of newspapers published in Canada

This is a partial list of newspapers published in Canada:

Tamaqua, Pennsylvania

Tamaqua is a borough in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. It also has public schools. In 2020, 6,916 people were in Tamaqua. It was founded in 1832.

Springleaf MRT station

Springleaf MRT station (TE4) is a underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson-East Coast Line in Yishun, Singapore. It serves the nearby housing estate of Springside and Nee Soon Army Camp. The tracks between this station and Woodlands South station are the longest on the Thomson-East Coast Line.

It is also the nearest MRT station towards the Singapore Zoo, Night Safari and River Safari. Before this future MRT station opens, Ang Mo Kio, Woodlands and Choa Chu Kang MRT stations would serve as the nearest MRT stations.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012. Construction began on 15 June 2014 at the former Seletar Institute.

Lentor MRT station

Lentor MRT station (TE5) is a underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson–East Coast line in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore. It is located underneath Lentor Drive, next to its junction with Yio Chu Kang Road and Ang Mo Kio Avenue 4, bringing rail connectivity to residential developments in the area.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

At 3:35am of 1 March 2018, a 48-year-old construction worker fell from a working platform 2.5 metres above the ground. He is working in a tunnel connecting to Lentor station. He was pronounced dead by paramedics at 4.30am.

Mayflower MRT station

Mayflower MRT station (TE6) is a underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson-East Coast Line in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore. It is located around Kebun Baru Heights Estate, Kebun Baru Community Centre (CC) and near CHIJ St Nicholas Girls' School.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012. It will have the most number of exits along the Thomson-East Coast Line, with seven, making it the most accessible.

Bright Hill MRT station

Bright Hill MRT station (TE7/CR13) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson-East Coast Line and Cross Island Line in Bishan, Singapore.

Bright Hill MRT station is a fully underground mass rapid transit station with four station entrances and exits. The station will serve the industrial estate of Sin Ming and is located near landmarks such as Peirce Secondary School and Ai Tong School. It is also located close to the Kong Meng San Phor Kark See Monastery. The monastery is Singapore's largest Mahayana Buddhist temple. The station derived its name from the temple.

On 29 August 2012, it was announced that a Mass Rapid Transit station would be built in the Sin Ming as part of the new Thomson MRT line. This underground station was given the working name "Sin Ming". The station was later renamed to "Bright Hill MRT Station" on 27 August 2014 after a public voting exercise to determine the names of Thomson Line stations. This name is the English translation of the location name "Kong Meng San" (光明山), where the Monastery is located.

Bright Hill MRT station was merged into the Thomson-East Coast MRT Line when the Land Transport Authority announced that the Eastern Region MRT Line and Thomson MRT line would be operating as a single line.

This station will become an interchange station with the Cross Island Line when the line opens in 2029.

Upper Thomson MRT station

Upper Thomson MRT station (TE8) is a underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson–East Coast line in Bishan, Singapore. The station is located at the traffic junction of Upper Thomson Road, Soo Chow Garden Road, Bright Hill Drive and Jalan Keli. It provides MRT access to the nearby Thomson Plaza.

This station was first announced on 29 August 2012.

Caldecott MRT station

Caldecott MRT station (CC17/TE9) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange between the Circle line and Thomson–East Coast line. It is located in Toa Payoh, Singapore. 

As Bukit Brown MRT station is currently non-operational, the section of tracks between Caldecott station and Botanic Gardens MRT station is the longest between any two stations on the Circle line. Trains move at 80 km/h at this stretch.

When the Circle line was planned, this station was planned to be an empty station, to be opened only when the area are more developed. It was only announced quite later that this station will open other stations of Stage 4 on 11 January 2007, and the station name was renamed to "Caldecott". The station opened on 8 October 2011.

Starting from 2021, Caldecott station became an interchange station with the Thomson–East Coast line and serves as the terminus from 2021 to 2022, where it would be replaced by Gardens by the Bay as the Stage 3 of the line opens.

Caldecott CCL station is one of eleven stations along the Circle line designated as Civil Defence (CD) shelters, which will be activated in times of national emergency. Apart from reinforced construction, the stations are designed and equipped with facilities to ensure the shelter environment is tolerable for people.

Kong Meng San Phor Kark See Monastery

The Kong Meng San Phor Kark See Monastery (also the "Bright Hill Pujue Chan Monastery") (), is a Buddhist temple located at Bright Hill Road in Bishan, Singapore. Built by Zhuan Dao in the early 20th century to propagate Buddhism and to provide lodging for monks, this monastery is the largest Buddhist temple in Singapore.

Between 1920 and 1921, the Monastery was built on the a plot of land in Thomson Road that was donated by Tay Woo Seng, a Chinese businessmen. It was the first traditional Chinese forest monastery to be built in Singapore. Its name was taken from Kong Meng San ("Bright Hill", formerly "Hai Nan Mountain"), the place where the monastery is located at. The original temple consisted of a two-storey building, a shrine room, a visitors' room and living quarters.

In 1980, the temple began to build Evergreen Bright Hill Home, which opened in 1983, with the donation of S$5.3 million from Hong Choon's followers, He Hui Zhong's family's company.

The monastery opened the Buddhist College of Singapore on 13 September 2006. As the country's first Buddhist college, it offers a four-year bachelor's degree in Buddhism. Lessons were held within the temple until a new $35 million five-storey building is completed.

On 21 June 2008, the temple raised over $1 million for the reconstruction of schools destroyed in the 12 May Sichuan earthquake, by organising the Great Compassion; Great Aspiration Charity Show.

The modern day monastery premises consist of prayer halls, crematorium and columbarium which contains over 200,000 niches, bell and drum towers, and an outdoor statue of Avalokitesvara stands between the Dharma Hall and the Pagoda of 10,000 Buddhas. The Hong Choon Memorial Hall of the temple was built in 2004. Another notable feature of the monastery is a Bodhi Tree which was brought from the sacred Bodhi tree at Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka. The tree in Sri Lanka was brought from Bodh Gaya, India where Shakyamuni Buddha was said to have attained enlightenment.

The large bronze Buddha statue, located in the temple's Hall of No Form, is one of Asia's largest Buddha statue. It has a height of and it weighs .

The monastery celebrates Vesak Day every year with a variety of ceremonies such as "Bathing the Buddha", and "Three-Steps-One-Bow". Other major events include the Qingming Festival. As the East Asian traditional practice of burning incense and joss materials remain despite repeated pleas and discouragement, costlier alternatives appeared which include the installation of a new four-storey, $1 million eco-friendly burner in 2014.

When Singapore's founding Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew died in 2015, the monastery conducted the primary Buddhist prayer service on 26 March 2015 together with the Singapore Buddhist Federation,

Ozark (TV series)

Ozark is an American crime drama television series. The show was created by Bill Dubuque and Mark Williams for Netflix and produced by Media Rights Capital. Jason Bateman stars as the lead character in the series, as well as a director in a number of episodes. Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner, Julia Garner, Jordana Spiro, Jason Butler Harner, Esai Morales, Peter Mullan, Lisa Emery, Charlie Tahan, Harris Yulin, Janet McTeer, Tom Pelphrey, Michael Mosley, Trevor Long, Marc Menchaca and McKinley Belcher III also star. The series has earned two Primetime Emmy Awards.

The series is about financial advisor Marty Byrde and his wife Wendy moving their family from Chicago to the Ozarks to start a money laundering operation for a Mexican drug cartel. When the Byrdes arrive in Missouri, they become mixed up with local criminals including the Langmores and Snells.

Each season of "Ozark" has ten episodes. The first season of was released on July 21, 2017. The second season was released on August 31, 2018. The third season was released on March 27, 2020.

Sofia Hublitz

Sofia Hublitz (born June 1, 1999) is an American actress. She currently stars as Charlotte Byrde in the Netflix series "Ozark" (2017–present). She has also appeared in "MasterChef Junior", "Louie" and "Horace and Pete". She will star in the upcoming movie "What Breaks the Ice".

Hublitz was born in Richmond, Virginia. She lives in New York City.

Julia Garner

Julia Garner (born February 1, 1994) is an American actress. She is best known for her starring role as Ruth Langmore in the Netflix crime drama series "Ozark" (2017–2022). For this role, she won two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. 

Garner has also had roles in the FX spy-drama series "The Americans" (2015–18), the Netflix miniseries "Maniac" (2018) and the Bravo true crime series "Dirty John" (2018–19).

Garner's movie credits include "Martha Marcy May Marlene" (2011), "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" (2012), "Electrick Children" (2012), "We Are What We Are" (2013), "" (2014), "Grandma" (2015), "Tomato Red" (2017) and "The Assistant" (2019).

Garner was born in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx, New York. She is Jewish. She married Mark Foster, lead singer of Foster the People, in 2019.

Jordana Spiro

Jordana Ariel Spiro (born April 12, 1977) is an American actress, director and writer. She has had roles in television shows such as "The Huntress", "JAG", "My Boys", "The Mob Doctor", "The Good Wife", "Blindspot" and "Ozark". She also directed and co-wrote the drama movie "Night Comes On" (2018).

Spiro was born in Manhattan, New York. She is Jewish. She is married to Matthew Spitzer. The couple have one daughter.

Jason Butler Harner

Jason Thomas Butler Harner (born October 9, 1970) is an American actor. He appears on stage and screen. He starred as FBI special agent Roy Petty in the Netflix series "Ozark" (2017–2018). His other TV work includes "Homeland", "Betrayal", "The Blacklist", "Ray Donovan" and "neXt". He has also appeared in movies such as "Changeling" (2008), "The Taking of Pelham 123" (2009), "Kill the Irishman" (2011) and "Non-Stop" (2014).

Harner was born in Elmira, New York. He grew up in northern Virginia.


Macon County, Missouri

Macon County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Macon. In 2020, 15,209 people lived there.

St. Charles County, Missouri

St. Charles County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is St. Charles. In 2020, 405,262 people lived there, making it the third-most populous county in Missouri.

St. Charles County is part of the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area and has many of the city's northwestern suburbs.

Gentry County, Missouri

Gentry County is a county in northwestern Missouri, United States. The county seat is Albany. In 2020, 6,162 people lived there.

Stone County, Missouri

Stone County is a county in southwestern Missouri, United States. The county seat is Galena. In 2020, 31,076 people lived there.

Iron County, Missouri

Iron County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Ironton. In 2020, 9,537 people lived there. It was organized on February 17, 1857.

Roger Kahn

Roger Kahn (October 31, 1927 – February 6, 2020) was an American author. He was born in New York City. Kahn was best known for his 1972 baseball book "The Boys of Summer". 

Kahn died on February 6, 2020 in Mamaroneck, New York at the age of 92.

Mamaroneck, New York

Mamaroneck ( ) is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 31,758 at the 2020 census.

Gasconade County, Missouri

Gasconade County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Hermann. In 2020, 14,794 people lived there.

Wayne County, Missouri

Wayne County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Greenville. In 2020, 10,974 people lived there. It is in the Ozark foothills.

Brian Glennie

Brian "Blunt" Glennie (August 29, 1946 – February 7, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Toronto. Glennie played in the NHL from 1969 until 1979. Glennie was a master of the hip-check. He played for Toronto Maple Leafs, Los Angeles Kings, Rochester Americans, and Tulsa Oilers. Glennie won a bronze medal at the 1968 Winter Olympics.

Glennie died on February 7, 2020 at the age of 73.

Harrison County, Missouri

Harrison County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Bethany. In 2020, 8,157 people lived there. The county was organized on February 14, 1845 and named for U.S. Representative Albert G. Harrison of Missouri.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.



As of the 2010 census, there were 8,957 people, 3,669 households and 2,461 families living in Harrison County.









Kevin Conway (actor)

Kevin John Conway (May 29, 1942 – February 5, 2020) was an American actor and film director. He was born in New York City. Conway was known for his roles in "Gettysburg", "Thirteen Days" and "Invincible".

Conway died on February 5, 2020, of a heart attack in New York City, aged 77.

Pike County, Missouri

Pike County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Bowling Green. In 2020, 17,587 people lived there. It is on the Mississippi River.

Miller County, Missouri

Miller County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Tuscumbia. In 2020, 24,722 people lived there.

Scott County, Missouri

Scott County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Benton. In 2020, 38,059 people lived there.

Osage County, Missouri

Osage County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Linn. In 2020, 13,274 people lived there.

Worth County, Missouri

Worth County is a county in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Missouri. The county seat is Grant City. In 2020, 1,973 people lived there. That makes it the smallest county in the state by population. The county was organized on February 8, 1861 and named for General William J. Worth, who served in the Mexican–American War. Worth County is the youngest county in the state.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.08%) is water. It is the smallest county in Missouri by area. Iowa is located to the north of Worth County.





J. Warren Keifer

Joseph Warren Keifer (January 30, 1836 – April 22, 1932) was a major general during the Spanish–American War. He was a U.S. politician during the 1880s. He served in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican from Ohio from 1877 to 1885 and from 1905 to 1911. From 1881 to 1883 he was Speaker of the House.

Buddha Institute of Technology

Buddha Institute of Technology also known as a BIT College or only BIT Engineering College (A Unit of BIT Group of institutions) is a private engineering college in Gaya Bihar, India. BIT engineering college is an Indian institute of higher education. It was started in the year 2008 by the philanthropist and industrialist Er. Awdhesh Kumar.



Lyon County, Kentucky

Lyon County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,680. Its county seat is Eddyville. The county was formed in 1854 and named for former Congressman Chittenden Lyon.

Christian County, Kentucky

Christian County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 72,748. Its county seat is Hopkinsville. The county was formed in 1797.

Henderson County, Kentucky

Henderson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,793. Its county seat is Henderson. The county was formed in 1798.

Annville, Kentucky

Annville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jackson County, Kentucky in the United States.

Salvisa, Kentucky

Salvisa is a census-designated place of Kentucky in the United States.

Brooks, Kentucky

Brooks is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bullitt County, Kentucky in the United States.

Bullitt County, Kentucky

Bullitt County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 82,217. Its county seat is Shepherdsville. The county was formed in 1796.

Brownington, Kentucky

Brownington is an unincorporated community in Bullitt County, Kentucky in the United States.

Bandana, Kentucky

Bandana is a census-designated place (CDP) of Kentucky in the United States.

Laurel County, Kentucky

Laurel County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 62,613. Its county seat is London.

Marietta, Georgia

Marietta is a city in and the county seat of Cobb County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 60,972.

Nakhon Ratchasima shootings

On 8 and 9 February 2020, a mass shooting happened in Nakhon Ratchasima Province (also known as Korat) in Thailand. A soldier killed 29 people at four locations. He started the attack on 8 February at a house, where he killed two people. He then went to a military camp, where he killed a soldier. Later on 8 February, he went to the city of Nakhon Ratchasima, where he killed 9 people at a Buddhist temple. Over a period of hours, he killed 17 people in a shopping mall. The solider was shot and killed by the police at the mall on 9 February.

Shirley Henderson

Shirley Henderson (born 24 November 1965) is a Scottish actress. Her most notable movie roles include Gail in "Trainspotting" (1996), Jude in the three "Bridget Jones" movies (2001, 2004, 2016) and Moaning Myrtle in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002) and "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005). Her other movies include "Topsy-Turvy" (1999), "Wilbur Wants to Kill Himself" (2002), "Frozen" (2005), "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day" (2008), "Anna Karenina" (2012), "Never Steady, Never Still" (2017), "Okja" (2017) and "" (2019). 

On television, Henderson starred with Robert Carlyle in the BBC series "Hamish Macbeth" (1995–97). She also played Frances Drummond in the BBC drama "Happy Valley" (2016). She was nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Supporting Actress for the Channel 4 miniseries "Southcliffe" (2013). In 2018, she won the Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her role as Elizabeth in the original production of "Girl from the North Country".

Henderson was born in Forres, Moray. She grew up in Kincardine, a small town on the north shore of the Firth of Forth, in Fife.

Ballard County, Kentucky

Ballard County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,728. Its county seat is Wickliffe.

Meade County, Kentucky

Meade County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,003. Its county seat is Brandenburg. It was formed on December 17, 1823.

Allen County, Kentucky

Allen County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,588. Its county seat is Scottsville.

Campbell County, Kentucky

Campbell County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 93,076. Its county seats are Alexandria and Newport. It was formed on December 17, 1794.

Kinetics

Kinetics is the branch of mechanics which deals with the motion of bodies by considering the causes of motions.
In this branch we study that how the body moves and why?
It helps us to find the agent which produces motion in the body.

Secession in Russia

Secession in Russia typically refers to state secession, which is the withdrawal of one or more states from the Republic of Russia.

This table shows only the list of movements. The source of each movement is cited in its own section. The population of each area is provided for information only.
This table shows only the list of movements. The source of each movement is cited in its own section. The population of each area is provided for information only.
 Siberia or Siberian Federal District


 Far Eastern Republic 



 Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District







 Yamalia/Nenets Autonomous Okrug

This table shows only the list of movements. The source of each movement is cited in its own section. The population of each area is provided for information only.

 Sverdlovsk Oblast

 Idel-Ural





 Nenetsia 





 Kuban 




 Abazinia













Marshall County, Indiana

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 46,095 people lived there. The county seat is Plymouth.

Portuguese Water Dog

The Portuguese Water Dog is a dog breed that originated from the Algarve region in Portugal. They are used as working dogs along the Portuguese coast: they help fishermen catch fish. 

Logan County, Kentucky

Logan County is a county located in the southwest Pennyroyal Plateau area of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,432. Its county seat is Russellville.

Leslie County, Kentucky

Leslie County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,513. Its county seat is Hyden.

Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania

Schuylkill County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Its county seat is Pottsville. In 2020, 143,049 people lived in Schuylkill.

The county was created on March 1, 1811.

Central Siberian Yupik language

Central Siberian Yupik is one of four existing Yupik languages. It is also known as Siberian Yupik, Bering Strait Yupik, Yuit, Yoit, "St. Lawrence Island Yupik", and in Russia "Chaplinski Yupik" or Yuk. It is spoken by the Yupik people in Siberia, and in two villages on St. Lawrence Island. It is an endangered language: Of the 1,200 residents of St. Lawrence Islands, fewer than 1,000 speak the language. On the Siberian mainland, about 200 of the 1,200 ethnic Yupik speak the language. The second most common Yupik language in Siberia is Naukan Yupik, with about 70 speakers.

There are two dialects: Chaplino Yupik is mainly spoken on the Chukchi Peninsula, Siberia, and St. Lawrence Island Yupik. The differences between the two dialects are small.

Ace Books

Ace Books is an American specialty publisher of science fiction and fantasy books. The company was founded in New York City in 1952 by Aaron A. Wyn and began as a genre publisher of mysteries and westerns. It soon tried other genres. Ace published its first science fiction (SF) book in 1953. This was successful, and Ace soon published more science fiction books than both mysteries and westerns. Ace became known for the "tête-bêche" publishing format used for many of its early books. But, it did not invent the format. Most of the early books were published in this "Ace Double" format, and Ace continued to publish books in several genres, in "tête-bêche" format, until 1973.

Ace, along with Ballantine Books, was one of the leading science fiction publishers for its first ten years. The death of owner A. A. Wyn in 1967 created problems for the publisher. That was delayed several years by the Ace Science Fiction Specials series, prominent in science fiction awards and nominations for novels published from 1968 to 1970. Two leading editors, Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr, left in 1971, and in 1972 Ace was sold to Grosset & Dunlap. Despite financial troubles, there were more successes, particularly with the third Ace Science Fiction Specials series, for which Carr came back as editor. Several sales of the company resulted in the company becoming part of Berkley Books. Ace later became an imprint of Penguin Group (USA).

Editor Donald A. Wollheim was working at Avon Books in 1952, but disliked his job. While looking for other work, he tried to persuade A. A. Wyn to begin a new paperback publishing company. Wyn was already a well-established publisher of books and pulp magazines under the name A. A. Wyn's Magazine Publishers. His magazines included "Ace Mystery" and "Ace Sports." Ace Books may have got its name from these magazines. Wyn liked Wollheim's idea but waited for several months; meanwhile, Wollheim was applying for other jobs, including assistant editor at Pyramid Books. Pyramid mistakenly called Wyn's wife Rose for a reference, thinking Wollheim had worked for her. When Rose told her husband that Wollheim was applying for another job, Wyn made up his mind: he hired Wollheim immediately as an editor.

The first book published by Ace was a pair of mysteries bound "tête-bêche": Keith Vining's "Too Hot for Hell", backed with Samuel W. Taylor's "The Grinning Gismo," for 35 cents, with serial number D-01. A "tête-bêche" book has the two titles bound in opposite directions, so that there are two front covers and the two texts meet in the middle (sometimes with advertising pages in between). Ace did not invent this format even though they are well-known for it. Ace published hundreds of titles bound this way over the next twenty-one years. Books by established authors were often bound with those by lesser-known writers, so that this would help new writers gain readers. The main drawback of the "Ace Double" format was that the two books had to fit a fixed page length (usually totalling between 256 and 320 low-height pages); thus one or both novels might be cut or revised to fit. Despite the tag "Complete and Unabridged" on the cover, books so labeled were sometimes still abridged.

Some important titles in the early D-series novels are D-15, which features William S. Burroughs's first novel, "Junkie" (written under the pseudonym "William Lee"), and many novels by Philip K. Dick, Robert Bloch, Harlan Ellison, Harry Whittington, and Louis L'Amour, including those written under his pseudonym "Jim Mayo".

The last Ace Double in the first series was John T. Phillifent's "Life with Lancelot", backed with William Barton's "Hunting on Kunderer", issued August 1973 (serial #48245). Although Ace started using the "Ace Double" name again in 1974, the books were arranged conventionally, not "tête-bêche".

Ace's second title was a western (also "tête-bêche"): William Colt MacDonald's "Bad Man's Return", bound with J. Edward Leithead's "Bloody Hoofs". Mysteries and westerns alternated regularly for the first thirty titles, with a few books not in either genre, such as P. G. Wodehouse's "Quick Service", bound with his "The Code of the Woosters". In 1953, A.E. van Vogt's "The World of Null-A", bound with his "The Universe Maker", appeared; this was Ace's first foray into science fiction. (Earlier in 1953, Ace had released Theodore S. Drachman's "Cry Plague!", with a plot that could be regarded as SF, but the book it was bound with—Leslie Edgley's "The Judas Goat"—was not SF.) Another SF double followed later in 1953, and SF quickly became an important part of Ace's business. By 1955, the company released more SF books each year than in either of the other two genres, and from 1961 onward, SF titles outnumbered mysteries and westerns combined. Ace also published some juvenile delinquent novels in the 1950s. Collectors want these books, such as D-343, "The Young Wolves" by Edward De Roo and D-378, "Out for Kicks" by Wilene Shaw.

By the late 1950s, Ace's was publishing almost one hundred titles a year. Almost all the books were 35 cents, though some slim single volumes were 25 cents. A few were 50 cents. In the early '60s, rising costs finally forced an increase in the price of the books, and more books appeared at 40 cents, 45 cents and higher. A few thick volumes, such as the 1967 paperback of Frank Herbert's "Dune", were priced at 95 cents. With Ballantine Books, Ace was the dominant American science fiction paperback publisher in the 1950s and 1960s. Other publishers followed their example and sold books to the increasing audience for SF. But, no other publisher had as much the influence as Ace or Ballantine.

Market dominance was not only how many books Ace published, but also the first novels of authors such as Philip K. Dick ("Solar Lottery", 1955, D-103, bound with Leigh Brackett's "The Big Jump"); Gordon R. Dickson ("Alien from Arcturus", 1956, D-139, bound with Nick Boddie Williams' "The Atom Curtain"), Samuel R. Delany ("The Jewels of Aptor", 1962, F-173, bound with James White's "Second Ending"), Ursula K. Le Guin ("Rocannon's World", 1966, G-574, bound with Avram Davidson's "The Kar-Chee Reign"), Roger Zelazny ("This Immortal", 1966, F-393),
and R. A. Lafferty's "Past Master" (1968, H-54).

In 1964, science fiction author Terry Carr joined the company. In 1967, he started the Ace Science Fiction Specials line, publishing critically acclaimed original novels by such authors as R. A. Lafferty, Joanna Russ and Ursula K. Le Guin. Carr and Wollheim also co-edited an annual "Year's Best Science Fiction" anthology series; and Carr also edited "Universe", a well-received original anthology series. "Universe" was initially published by Ace, although when Carr left in 1971 the series moved elsewhere.

In 1965, Wollheim argued that there was a copyright loophole in the American edition of "The Lord of the Rings" by J. R. R. Tolkien. The Houghton Mifflin edition had been bound using pages printed in the United Kingdom for the George Allen & Unwin edition, and as a result, U.S. copyright law might not protect the text. Based on this view, Ace Books published the first-ever paperback edition of Tolkien's work, featuring cover art and hand-drawn title pages by Jack Gaughan. After considerable controversy and the release of a competitive authorized (and revised) edition by Ballantine Books (the back covers of which included a message from Tolkien urging consumers to buy the Ballantine edition and boycott any "unauthorized" versions – referring directly to the Ace editions), Ace agreed to pay royalties to Tolkien and let its still-popular edition go out of print.

Wyn died in 1967, and the company grew larger than its budget. It did not pay its authors reliably. Without money to pay the signing bonus, Wollheim did not want to send signed contracts to authors. At least once, a book without a contract went to the printer. Wollheim later found out that the author, who was owed $3,000 by Ace, had to picking fruit for a living.

Both Wollheim and Carr left Ace in 1971. Wollheim planned to start a separate paperback house with New American Library. He set up DAW Books. Carr became a freelance editor. Both Carr and Wollheim then edited competing Year's Best Science Fiction anthology series.

By the early 1970s, Ace Books became a major division of the old publisher, Charter Communications. It was in the Hippodrome Building, 1120 Avenue of the Americas, in New York City. In 1972, Grosset & Dunlap bought Ace, and in 1982, Grosset & Dunlap was bought by G.P. Putnam's Sons. Ace was likely the only profitable part of Grosset & Dunlap by this time. Ace soon became the science fiction imprint of its parent company.

Carr returned to Ace Books in 1984 as a freelance editor, launching a new series of Ace Specials devoted entirely to first novels. This series was even more successful than the first: it included, in 1984 alone, William Gibson's "Neuromancer", Kim Stanley Robinson's "The Wild Shore", Lucius Shepard's "Green Eyes", and Michael Swanwick's "In the Drift". All were first novels by authors now regarded as major figures in the SF genre. Other prominent SF publishing figures who have worked at Ace include Tom Doherty, who left to start Tor Books, and Jim Baen, who left to work at Tor and who eventually founded Baen Books. Writers who have worked at Ace include Frederik Pohl and Ellen Kushner.

In 1996, Penguin Group (USA) bought the Putnam Berkley Group, and kept Ace as its SF imprint. As of December 2012, recently published authors included Joe Haldeman, Charles Stross, Laurell K. Hamilton, Alastair Reynolds, and Jack McDevitt. Penguin joined together with Random House in 2013 to become Penguin Random House, which continues to own Berkley. Ace's editorial team is also responsible for the Roc Books imprint, although the two imprints have a separate brand identity.

These people have worked at Ace Books as editors. The list is in order by the date they started working at Ace, if that is known. It includes editors who are notable and the most recent editors at Ace.

Until the late 1980s, Ace titles had two main types of serial numbers: letter series, such as "D-31" and "H-77", and numbers, such as "10293" and "15697". The letters told the price. This is a list of letter series with their dates and prices.

The first series of Ace books began in 1952 with D-01, a western in "tête-bêche" format: Keith Vining's "Too Hot for Hell" backed with Samuel W. Taylor's "The Grinning Gismo". That series continued until D-599, Patricia Libby's "Winged Victory for Nurse Kerry", but the series also included several G and S serial numbers, depending on the price. The D and S did not indicate "Double" (i.e., "tête-bêche") or "Single"; there are D-series titles that are not "tête-bêche", although none of the "tête-bêche" titles have an S serial number. Towards the end of this initial series, the F series began (at a new price), and thereafter there were always several different letter series in publication simultaneously. The D and S prefixes did not appear again after the first series, but the G prefix acquired its own series starting with G-501. Hence the eight earlier G-series titles can be considered part of a different series to the G-series proper. All later series after the first kept independent numbering systems, starting at 1 or 101. The "tête-bêche" format proved attractive to book collectors, and some rare titles in mint condition command prices over $1,000.


Barney's 1, 2, 3, 4 Seasons

Barney's 1-2-3-4 Seasons is the sixth "Barney & Friends" home video. It features an array of traditional children's songs and school songs. This video is also works on Actimates Barney and is the very first video release to be distributed by Lyrick Studios.

BJ just cannot wait to play all of his favorite outdoor games and sports. But it never seems to be the right season of the year. Barney and his friends help BJ, and with four magical jars and a little bit of imagination, they experience spring, summer, fall and winter – all in one fantastic day of seasonal fun!



Fantastic Science Fiction

Fantastic was an American digest-size fantasy and science fiction magazine. It was published from 1952 to 1980. Ziff Davis started it as a fantasy companion to "Amazing Stories". Within a few years sales went down. Howard Browne, the editor, was forced to switch to science fiction not fantasy. Browne lost interest in the magazine. The magazine often published poor-quality fiction in the mid-1950s, under Browne and his successor, Paul W. Fairman. At the end of the 1950s, Cele Goldsmith took over as editor of both "Fantastic" and "Amazing Stories". Goldsmith helped to support the early careers of writers such as Roger Zelazny and Ursula K. Le Guin. In 1965 the magazines were sold to Sol Cohen, who hired Joseph Wrzos as editor and switched to a reprint-only policy. This was financially successful, but brought Cohen into conflict with the newly formed Science Fiction Writers of America. At the end of the 1960s, Ted White became editor and the reprints were stopped.

White worked hard to make the magazine successful, introducing artwork from comics artistsBut, in 1978, Cohen sold out his half of the business to his partner, Arthur Bernhard. White resigned soon after. Elinor Mavor was the next editor, but within two years Bernhard decided to close down "Fantastic". He combined it with "Amazing Stories", which had always enjoyed a slightly higher circulation.

Suresh Bhattarai

Suresh Bhattarai is a Nepalese physicist and astrophysicist who is a physics lecturer at the Department Of Physics at Tri-Chandra Multiple Campus and also is the Current Chairperson Of Nepal Astronomical Society (NASO).

Suresh attended the Sanskrit Secondary School (Nepal Sanskrit University) in 2002, the Amrit Science College (Tribhuvan University) in 2004 for S.L.C and I.Sc respectively. He then went on to Balmeeki Vidyapeeth (Nepal Sanskrit University) in 2005 for a Uttar Madhyama. He majored B.Sc. Physics in Tri-Chandra College (Tribhuvan University) in 2007. He obtained a M.Sc. in 2011 from St. Xavier's College (Tribhuvan University) majoring Astrophysics and Plasma.




Anderson County, Kentucky

Anderson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,852. Its county seat is Lawrenceburg.

Barren County, Kentucky

Barren County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,485. Its county seat is Glasgow.

Bourbon County, Kentucky

Bourbon County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,252. Its county seat is Paris.

Letcher County, Kentucky

Letcher County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,548. Its county seat is Whitesburg.

Lincoln County, Kentucky

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,275. Its county seat is Stanford.

Monroe County, Kentucky

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,338. Its county seat is Tompkinsville.

Meade County

Meade County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Bath County, Kentucky

Bath County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,750. Its county seat is Owingsville. The county was formed in 1811.

Butler County, Kentucky

Butler County is a county in Kentucky. Its county seat is Morgantown.

Taylor County, Kentucky

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,023. Its county seat is Campbellsville.

Cerulean, Kentucky

Cerulean is a census-designated place and unincorporated community of Kentucky in the United States.

Clinton County, Kentucky

Clinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,253. Its county seat is Albany. It was formed in 1835.

Marion County, Kentucky

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,581. Its county seat is Lebanon.

Morgan's Point, Texas

Morgan's Point is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Mingus, Texas

Mingus is a city in Palo Pinto County, Texas in the United States. As of 2020, 223 people lived there.

Graford, Texas

Graford is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Alvarado, Texas

Alvarado is a city in Johnson County, Texas. It is the oldest city in the county. 

Bell County, Kentucky

Bell County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,097. Its county seat is Pineville.

Menifee County, Kentucky

Menifee County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,113. Its county seat is Frenchburg.

Washington County, Kentucky

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,027. Its county seat is Springfield. The county is named for George Washington, the first President of the United States (1789–1797). The county was formed in 1792.

McGregor, Texas

McGregor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.


Rewa district

Rewa district is a district of the Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The city of Rewa is the capital. Rewa is sometimes called 'Land of White Tigers'. The first White Tiger was discovered here in 1951 by Maharaja of the province, Martand Singh in the nearby jungle of Govindgarh. People in Rewa speak Hindi and Agariya. Rewa's elevation is 135 meters above sea level.

Medomalacuphobia

Fear of losing an erection.

Usually cases in men who have erectile dysfunction. Can cause embarrassment during sexual intercourse otherwise making men stay away from any sort of sexual relationship.

Melikdom of Kashatag

Melikdom of Kashatag (also Kyshtag; arm. Քաշաթաղի մելիքություն) - Armenian melikdom (princedom), which existed in the 15th-17th century. It was located along the Akera River, on the southeastern section of the modern border of Armenia and Azerbaijan (near the Kashatag region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic). The residence of the Meliks was located in the village of Khnats, in the east of the present Syunik region of Armenia.

Melikdom was founded in the last quarter of the 15th century. Melik Haykaz I, the founder of the Melik-Haykazyan dynasty, the youngest branch of the Armenian princely dynasty of Proshyan, became its founder. Prior to the Aikazyan, the Kashatag region was ruled by the clan of Shahurnetsi and before them by the Orbelian family.
Aikaz I was succeeded by a son, Ahnazar I. Ahnazar died in 1551, his grave survived until the 1930s. The palace of Akhnazar in Khnatsakh has survived to this day.
The most prominent representative of the genus was Melik Aikaz II, who owned Melik rights from 1551 to 1623 and was an active supporter of the Iranian orientation during the Turkish-Persian wars for the possession of Transcaucasia. Arakel of Tabriz mentions him as one of the noble Armenians and advisers at the court of Shah of Iran Abbas I.
According to historian M. Asratyan, due to the brutal policies of the Ottoman Empire during the temporary occupation of Transcaucasia, in the 1580s or 90s, Aykaz II left his possessions and lived in exile in Iran for 10-15 years. After the reconquest of the region by Iran and the crowding out of Turkish troops, in 1606-1607, as one of the loyal supporters of the Shah, Aykaz II was not only restored to his rights to Kashatag but also received some possessions beyond its borders.
We have reached the decree(ferman) of Shah Abbas I with a listing of the services provided by Melik for Shah authorities. The decree(ferman) himself has no date, but the date 999 of the hijra (that is, 1590/1591) is indicated on the seal of Abbas I.
The names of Aikaz I, Ahnazar I, Aikaz II and their descendants are found in tombstones preserved on gravestones of the 16th – 18th centuries.
On behalf of Melikdom of Kashatag, which were belonged to the Aykazyan family, a document written in Persian in 1691-92 was preserved. It includes the joint appeal of Melik Akhnazar and his subordinate village headmen(in Armenian "tanuter", in Persian "kedhuda"), addressed to the Shah’s court. In the document, they appoint as their authorized representatives the son of melik Akhnazar, Ilyas (Elias), and one of the elders, Hikor, who were supposed to present the problems arising in the region to the Shah’s court and defend the interests of the local population.
The names of Melik Ahnazar and his brother Aikaz (who is also mentioned in the document of 1691/92 as one of the witnesses) are marked in the inscription of 1682 on the facade of the entrance to the Church of the Holy Virgin in the village of Mirik of the Kashatag region.

Harrison County, Kentucky

Harrison County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,692. Its county seat is Cynthiana.

Hickman County, Kentucky

Hickman County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,521. Its county seat is Clinton. It was formed in 1821.

Caldwell County, Kentucky

Caldwell County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,649. Its county seat is Princeton.

Martin County, Kentucky

Martin County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,287. Its county seat is Inez.

Lee County, Kentucky

Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, 7,395 people lived there. Its county seat is Beattyville.


Pulaski County, Kentucky

Pulaski County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,034. Its county seat is Somerset.


Carlisle County, Kentucky

Carlisle County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,826. Its county seat is Bardwell.

West University Place, Texas

West University Place, often called West University or West U for short, is a city located in the U.S. state of Texas.

Blanket, Texas

Blanket is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bridgeport, Texas

Bridgeport is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Blue Ridge, Texas

Blue Ridge is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, there were 1,180 people, 372 households, and 296 families living in the city.

Benavides, Texas

Benavides is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pearsall, Texas

Pearsall is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Knott County, Kentucky

Knott County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,251. Its county seat is Hindman.

Estill County, Kentucky

Estill County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,163. Its county seat is Irvine

Arthur Read

Arthur Timothy Read is the main character of the popular children’s animated television show "Arthur".

Arthur and Francine are great friends. Francine may be in love with Arthur. Binky told Arthur that Francine has a crush on Arthur. Francine will marry Arthur.

Arthur and Muffy are great friends and they both have birthday in the same time. Muffy may be in love with Arthur. Buster told Arthur that Muffy has a crush on Arthur. Muffy will marry Arthur.

Buster is Arthur’s best friend in the show. Arthur became enemies with Buster once but became friends again in the end.

Alan is Arthur's best friend in the show.

Binky is Arthur's bully in the show.
D.W is Arthur’s younger sister. Arthur punched D.W in Arthur’s Big Hit.

Mister Rogers is very kind to Arthur. He helped Arthur when Arthur was worried his friends would tease him for being friends with Mister Rogers.

A scene in the episode Arthur’s Big Hit where Arthur punched D.W became a very popular meme on the internet.

Clifton, Texas

Clifton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. Its population is 3,465 in 2020.

Goodlow, Texas

Goodlow is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rowan County, Kentucky

Rowan County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,662. Its county seat is Morehead.

Rowan County

Rowan County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Nicholas County, Kentucky

Nicholas County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,537. Its county seat is Carlisle.

Emhouse, Texas

Emhouse is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Danbury, Texas

Danbury is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Oyster Creek, Texas

Oyster Creek is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Devine, Texas

Devine is a city in Medina County, Texas in the United States. There were 4324 people living there in 2020.

Fries (disambiguation)

Fries may refer to:




2100

2100 (MMC) will be an exceptional common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar. Many upcoming events or what the world will look like have been predicted. It will be the last year of the 21st century. The Julian calendar has it as a leap year starting on Thursday. The leap year has March 14th as February 29th, because it falls on a Sunday. It only lasts until Friday, February 28th, 2200, of the Gregorian calendar.


Angel Echevarria

Angel Santos Echevarria (May 25, 1971 – February 7, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played as an outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1996 to 2002. He played for the Colorado Rockies (1996–2000), the Milwaukee Brewers (2000–2001) and the Chicago Cubs (2002). He also played in Japan for Pacific League team Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters from 2003 to 2004. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Echevarria died due to a fall on February 7, 2020 in Bridgeport. He was 48.

Larry Popein

Lawrence Thomas Popein (August 11, 1930 – February 8, 2020), nicknamed "Pope", was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played as a centre. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers and the Oakland Seals. He also played for other ice hockey teams, including the Moose Jaw Canucks and the Vancouver Canucks He was interim head coach of the New York Rangers during the 1973–74 season.

Popein was born in Yorkton, Saskatchewan. He died on February 8, 2020, at the age of 89.

Victor Gorelick

Victor Gorelick (April 5, 1941 – February 7, 2020) was an American comic book editor and executive. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He worked for Archie Comics for over 60 years. He had many roles at the company and later became its editor-in-chief. He also taught cartooning as an instructor at Kingsborough Community College in New York City. He was given an Inkpot Award at the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con International.

Gorelick died on February 7, 2020, at the age of 78.

Lila Garrett

Lila Garrett (November 21, 1925 – February 1, 2020) was an American television screenwriter and radio host. She was born in Brooklyn, New York. She wrote for the sitcoms "The Second Hundred Years", "My Favorite Martian", "All in the Family", "Bewitched" and "Barney Miller". She also won two Daytime Emmy Awards for "The ABC Afternoon Playbreak". She co-wrote with Bernie Kahn and Stu Billett the Disney TV movie "The Barefoot Executive" (1971). She was also an anti-war activist. She founded the Americans Against War with Iraq organization. She hosted KPFK's "Connect the Dots" on Pacifica Radio.

Garrett died on February 1, 2020, at the age of 94.

Remy Hii

Remy Hii (born 24 July 1986) is an Australian actor. In 2013, he starred as Van Tuong Nguyen in the four-part miniseries "Better Man" and as Hudson Walsh in the soap opera "Neighbours". Other television appearances include "Marco Polo", "Harrow" and "Sisters". He appeared in the movies "Crazy Rich Asians" (2018) and "" (2019).

Hii was born in Malaysia. His father is Chinese-Malaysian and his British mother is from Manchester. He grew up in Papua New Guinea and Queensland.

Jacob Batalon

Jacob Batalon (born October 9, 1996) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Ned Leeds in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019), "" (2019), and "" (2021).

Batalon was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. His parents are Filipino.

Judy (movie)

Judy is a 2019 biographical movie. Renée Zellweger plays the actress and singer Judy Garland.

Zellweger won Best Actress for her role from the Academy, Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Awards.

"Judy" was released at Telluride Film Festival on August 30, 2019. Next, it was released at Toronto International Film Festival on September 10. On September 27, it was released in the United States under Roadside Attractions and LD Entertainment.

The movie's soundtrack has twelve of Judy Garland's most popular songs.
Many movie critics were satisfied with "Judy". Rotten Tomatoes gives this movie an 82% rating with 302 reviews. The Metacritic has a rating of 66/100, meaning generally favorable reviews. 

The movie was rated PG-13 for adult themes.

Gasherbrum V

Gasherbrum V is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It was thought to be part of Gasherbrum IV until 1934. 

The first people to reach the top were Seong Nak-jong and Ahn Chi-young, in 2014.

Carlos Julio Pereyra

Carlos Julio Pereyra Pereyra (5 November 1922 – 9 February 2020) was a Uruguayan schoolteacher, author and politician. He was born in Rocha. He was a member of the National Party. He served as a senator from 1966 to 2005. In the 1971 election, he was the running mate of Wilson Ferreira Aldunate. He was an underground leader of his party during the civic-military dictatorship. He ran for president in the 1989 and 1994 elections.

Pereyra died of kidney failure in Montevideo on 9 February 2020. He was 97.

Henderson, North Carolina

Henderson, a city with a population of 15,060 at the 2020 census, is the county seat of Vance County, North Carolina, United States.

Vance County, North Carolina

Vance County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 42,578. Its county seat is Henderson.

Amanda Setton

Amanda Setton (born December 16, 1985) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Penelope Shafai on The CW's teen drama "Gossip Girl" (2008–12) and for her role as Kimberly Andrews on the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live" (2009–11). 

Antun Vrdoljak

Antun Vrdoljak (born 5 June 1931) is a Croatian actor, director, sports official, activist and politician. He was the head of Croatian Radiotelevision during the Yugoslav wars. His best known movies were "Kad čuješ zvona" ("When You Hear the Bells", 1969) and "U gori raste zelen bor" ("A Green Pine Tree grows on the Mountain", 1971).

He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), which led to his appointment to a series of offices. He was director general of Croatian Radiotelevision (1991–95), and the president of the Croatian Olympic Committee (1991–2000).

Vatroslav Mimica

Vatroslav Mimica (25 June 1923 – 15 February 2020) was a Croatian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Omiš, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. His career began in 1952 and ended in 1981. At first, he wrote movie reviews. Later in his career, he became known for his animated movies.

Mimica was known for his works in "The Jubilee of Mr Ikel" (1955), "Suleiman the Conqueror" (1961), "Prometheus of the Island" (1964). "Monday or Tuesday" (1966), "Kaya" (1967), "An Event" (1969), "The Fed One" (1970), "The Macedonian Part of Hell" (1971), "Anno Domini 1573" (1975), "The Last Mission of Demolitions Man Cloud" (1978) and "The Falcon" (1981).

Mimica died on 15 February 2020 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 96.

Paula Kelly (actress)

Paula Alma Kelly (October 21, 1942 – February 8, 2020) was an American dancer, singer, and actress. She appeared on stage and on screen in movies and television. Her first Broadway role was as Mrs. Veloz in the 1964 musical "Something More!", sharing the stage with Barbara Cook. Her other Broadway credits include "The Dozens" (1969), "Paul Sills' Story Theatre" (1971), "Ovid's Metamorphoses" (1971) and Duke Ellington's "Sophisticated Ladies" (1981) with Gregory Hines and Phyllis Hyman.

Kelly's movie credits include "Sweet Charity", "Soylent Green", "The Spook Who Sat by the Door", "The Andromeda Strain", "Uptown Saturday Night", "Lost in the Stars", "Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling", "Drop Squad" and "Once Upon a Time...When We Were Colored". She also had a recurring role as Liz Williams on the first season of the sitcom "Night Court". She had an Emmy Award nomination. She was nominated for a second Emmy for her role in "The Women of Brewster Place".

Kelly was born in Jacksonville, Florida. She grew up in Harlem, Manhattan, New York. She married British director Don Chaffey in 1985. They had one child together before Chaffey died in 1990. Kelly died on February 8, 2020 at a nursing home in Whittier, California, at the age of 77. The cause of death was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-related problems.


Andy Bernard

Andrew Baines Bernard (born Walter Baines Bernard Jr.; 1973) is a fictional character from the NBC comedy television series "The Office", played by Ed Helms. He is first shown as the Regional Director in Charge of Sales at the Stamford branch of Dunder Mifflin. He becomes Regional Manager at the Scranton branch in the eighth-season. Throughout the show, he is constantly fired and rehired until the near end of the show where he is fired to become a professional singer. 

Andy was named one of the most annoying TV characters of 2011 by "Vulture"; and "Nerve" ranked him the second funniest character on the series, behind only Michael Scott.

Erin Hannon

Kelly Erin Hannon (born May 1, 1986) is a fictional character from the U.S. comedy television series "The Office". She is the office receptionist for the Scranton branch of Dunder Mifflin, replacing Pam Beesly.

Erin is portrayed by Ellie Kemper.

David Wallace (The Office)

David Wallace is a fictional character in the American comedy series "The Office", played by Andy Buckley. Wallace is introduced in the second season as the new chief financial officer of Dunder Mifflin. 

Wallace is named after David Foster Wallace, a favorite author of John Krasinski and executive producer Michael Schur. 

His character is a wealthy executive at the corporate headquarters in New York. He is seen as supportive of Regional Manager Michael Scott, Jim Halpert and Toby Flenderson. He is let go in the sixth season. He later sells his patent for a toy vacuum, called "Suck It," to the U.S. military for $20 million and later buys Dunder Mifflin and becomes CEO in the eighth-season finale, "Free Family Portrait Studio".

Holly Flax

Hollis Partridge "Holly" Scott ("née" Flax) is a fictional character from the US television series "The Office", played by Amy Ryan. 

She was an original character, and not based on a character from the British version of the show. She was a replacement HR Representative for the Scranton branch of Dunder Mifflin when Toby Flenderson left for Costa Rica, and she quickly developed a friendship with and romantic interest for Steve Carell's character Michael Scott. 

She and Michael have a shared sense of humor and similar personality traits. At the office, Michael proposes to her with the help of their co-workers. After different challenges, she and Michael move to Colorado, marry and start a family together.

Toby Flenderson

Toby H. Flenderson is a fictional character on the U.S. comedy television series, "The Office". He is played by Paul Lieberstein, who was also the show's writer, director, producer and showrunner. 

He is the human resources representative at the Scranton branch of the paper distribution company, Dunder Mifflin. Toby is an original character with no inspiration from the original British series.

Sydney Tamiia Poitier

Sydney Tamiia Poitier (born November 15, 1973) is an American actress. In 2007, she starred in "Death Proof", director Quentin Tarantino's segment of the movie "Grindhouse", as radio DJ Jungle Julia. She also acted in movies such as "Free of Eden" (1998), "True Crime" (1999), "The Devil Cats" (2004), "Nine Lives" (2005) and "The List" (2007). She starred as lead role Abby Walker in the UPN sitcom "Abby" in 2003. In 2018, she began starring as Sam Shaw in the Canadian series "Carter". She has also appeared in episodes of "Joan of Arcadia", "Veronica Mars", "Grey's Anatomy", "Private Practice" and "Hawaii Five-0".

Poitier was born in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of Bahamian-American actor Sidney Poitier and Canadian actress Joanna Shimkus. Her mother is of Lithuanian Jewish and Irish ancestry. She is married to Dorian Heartsong.

Tedros Adhanom

Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus (Ge'ez: ቴዎድሮስ አድሓኖም ገብረኢየሱስ; born 3 March 1965) is an Ethiopian politician, academic and public health authority. He has been Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) since 2017. He served in his country's government as Minister of Health from 2005 to 2012 and as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2012 to 2016.

Tedros was born in Asmara, Eritrea. He gained his Ph.D. degree in Community Health from the University of Nottingham in 2000.
He is married and has five children.

Yumi Matsutoya

Yumi Matsutoya (松任谷 由実, "Matsutōya Yumi", born January 19, 1954), nicknamed Yuming (ユーミン, "Yūmin"), is a Japanese singer, composer, lyricist and pianist. She is very popular for her voice and live performances. She is an important figure in Japanese popular music.

Jon Watts

Jon Watts (born June 28, 1981) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero movie "" (2017) and its sequel "" (2019). He also directed and co-wrote "Clown" (2014) and "Cop Car" (2015). He also directed many episodes of the parody television news series "Onion News Network".

Watts was born in Fountain, Colorado. He is married to Dianne McGunigle.

Robert Erwin

Robert Cecil "Bob" Erwin (December 29, 1934 – January 24, 2020) was an American lawyer. He was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Alaska from August 1970 to April 1977. Erwin was appointed to the court by Governor Keith Harvey Miller, and was only the second Democrat to be appointed. He was born in Seward, Alaska.

Erwin died in Anchorage, Alaska on January 24, 2020 of heart failure-related problems, aged 85.

Frederick Ballantyne

Sir Frederick Nathaniel Ballantyne, GCMG (5 July 1936 – 23 January 2020) was the Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines from 2002 to 2019. He was a cardiologist and former chief medical officer.


Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

The office of Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was created in 1979 when the islands gained independence as a Commonwealth realm. The Governor-General represents Queen Elizabeth II.


Monica Dacon

Dame Monica Jessie Dacon, née Sheen (born 4 June 1934) is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines schoolteacher, educator and politician. She is the widow of parliamentarian St. Clair Dacon. She became acting Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in 2002.

Susan Dougan

Susan Dilys Dougan, OBE ( Ryan, born 3 March 1955 in Colonarie, Saint Vincent), is the Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines since 1 August 2019. She is the first female Governor-General of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

Jack D. Shanstrom

Jack D. Shanstrom (November 30, 1932 – January 13, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Montana from 1990 to 2001. He was born in Hewitt, Minnesota. He was nominated by President George H. W. Bush.

Shanstrom died of Parkinson's disease-related problems in Palm Desert, California on January 13, 2020 at the age of 87.

Hewitt, Minnesota

Hewitt is a city in Todd County, Minnesota, United States, along the Wing River. The population was 251 at the 2020 census.

Long Prairie, Minnesota

Long Prairie is a city in Todd County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,661 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat.

Kenneth O. Morgan

Kenneth Owen Morgan, Baron Morgan, (born 16 May 1934) is a Welsh historian and author. He is known for his writings on modern British history and politics and on Welsh history. 

He is a regular reviewer and broadcaster on radio and television. His works are often used as resource in the Labour Party.

John Morris, Baron Morris of Aberavon

John Morris, Baron Morris of Aberavon, (5 November 1931 – 5 June 2023) was a British politician. He was a moderate Labour Member of Parliament (MP) from 1959 to 2001 and Secretary of State for Wales from 1974 to 1979. Morris was born in Capel Bangor, Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire. He worked in the cabinets of Harold Wilson, James Callaghan and Tony Blair. He also worked in the shadow cabinets of Michael Foot and Neil Kinnock.

Morris died on 5 June 2023 at the age of 91.


Robin Bridgeman, 3rd Viscount Bridgeman

Robin John Orlando Bridgeman, 3rd Viscount Bridgeman FCA (born 5 December 1930) is a British peer and politician.

In 1958, Lord Bridgeman became a Chartered Accountant. From 1988 to 1990, he was Director of Guinness Mahon, and from 1988 to 1994 Director of Nestor-BNA. He has further been Director of The Bridgeman Art Library since 1972.

He is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers in the House of Lords, where he sits for the Conservative Party.

Lou D'Allesandro

Lou D'Allesandro (born July 30, 1938) is an American Democratic politician. He is a member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 20th district since 1998. He was a member of the New Hampshire Executive Council from 1975 to 1981 and the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1996 through 1998. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.


Margareta Hallin

Gunhild Margareta Hallin Ekerot (20 February 1931 – 9 February 2020) was a Swedish opera singer, composer and actress. Hallin was appointed Hovsångerska (Royal Court singer) along with Erik Saedén, in 1966, and was awarded the Jussi Björling Scholarship in 1970.

She was elected as member of the Swedish Society of Composers in 1990. In 2006, she received the Gunn Wållgren Award. Hallin was born in Karlskoga, Sweden.

Hallin died on 9 February 2020 in Stockholm at the age of 88.



Yi Hae-won

Princess Yi Haewŏn (24 April 1919 – 8 February 2020) was a descendant of the Joseon dynasty (Empire of Korea). She was the second daughter of Prince Imperial Ui of Korea, the fifth son of Emperor Gojong of Korea. 

Yi was the eldest of the surviving daughters of Prince Imperial Ui, and one of several descendants, including her brother King Yi Seok and her nephew, Yi Won, who claimed to be the legitimate heir to the throne of the Korean Imperial Household. 

Yi died on 8 February 2020 at the age of 100.

Trump peace plan

Peace to Prosperity: A Vision to Improve the Lives of the Palestinian and Israeli People, commonly known as the Trump peace plan, is a proposal by the Trump administration to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Donald Trump formally unveiled the plan in a White House press conference alongside Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on January 28, 2020; Palestinian representatives were not invited.

The plan was authored by a team led by Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner. 

Both the West Bank settlers' and the Palestinian leadership rejected the plan, arguing it is too biased in favor of Israel.

The plan is divided into two parts, an economic portion and a political portion. On June 22, 2019, the Trump administration released the economic portion of the plan, titled "Peace to Prosperity". The political portion was released in late January 2020.

Sex Education (TV series)

Sex Education is a British comedy-drama web television series. The creator of the series is Laurie Nunn. The series stars Asa Butterfield as a socially awkward teenager and Gillian Anderson as his character's mother, a sex therapist. Co-stars include Ncuti Gatwa, Emma Mackey, Aimee Lou Wood, Connor Swindells, Patricia Allison, Tanya Reynolds, Kedar Williams-Stirling, Mikael Persbrandt and Anne-Marie Duff. The first season was released on 11 January 2019. It became a critical and commercial success for Netflix, with over 40 million viewers having streamed the first series after its release. The second series was released on 17 January 2020 and the third on 17 September 2021. A fourth series was announced on 25 September 2021.

Giriraj Kishore (writer)

Giriraj Kishore (8 July 1937 – 9 February 2020) was an Indian writer. He was awarded the Padma Shri by President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam IN 2007.

He was given the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1992, the Vyas Samman in 2000, and an honorary Ph.D. by Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University in 2002. He was born in Muzzafarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India.

Kishore worked at different posts as an officer in the government, including as registrar of Kanpur University (Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University) and the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur in a career spanning more than 30 years. He was formerly a member of the Sahitya Akademi working committee, and the Railway Board of GOI.

Kishore died on 9 February 2020 in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh at the age of 82.

Emma Mackey

Emma Margaret Marie Tachard-Mackey (born 4 January 1996) is a French-British actress. Since 2019, she has starred as Maeve Wiley in the Netflix comedy series "Sex Education".

Mackey was born in Le Mans. Her father is French and her mother is British. She graduated from the University of Leeds in 2016. She lives in London.

Ncuti Gatwa

Massaro Ncuti Gatwa (born 15 October 1992) is a Rwandan-born Scottish actor. He currently plays Eric Effiong in the Netflix series "Sex Education" (2019–present), which earned him a BAFTA Scotland Award for Best Actor in Television and three BAFTA Television Award nominations for Best Male Comedy Performance. He has been given a lot of praise for his performance of a gay black teen in "Sex Education". In 2022, Gatwa was announced as the fourteenth incarnation of the Doctor on the BBC television series "Doctor Who", making him the first black and gay actor in this role.

Gatwa was born in Nyarugenge, Kigali, Rwanda. He grew up in Scotland, mostly in Edinburgh and Dunfermline.

In May 2022, Gatwa was chosen as the fifteenth actor to play the Doctor in the television series Doctor Who. His first appearance as the Doctor is planned for 2023.

P. Parameswaran

P. Parameswaran (1927 – 9 February 2020), often referred to as Parameswarji, was a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) "pracharak" political activist. He was born in Kerala, India. He was Vice‑President of the Jan Sangh. In 2004, he was honored with the Padma Shri.

He was organizing secretary of Bharatiya Jana Sangh in 1957. In 1968, he became an All‑India General Secretary and later Vice‑President of the Jan Sangh. He was jailed during the Indian Emergency (1975-1977).

Parameswaran died on 9 February 2020 at the age of 91.

George Stevens Jr.

George Cooper Stevens Jr. (born April 3, 1932) is an American writer, playwright, director and producer. He was born in Los Angeles. He is the founder of the American Film Institute, creator of the AFI Life Achievement Award and instigator/producer of the Kennedy Center Honors.

George Stevens

George Cooper Stevens (December 18, 1904 – March 8, 1975) was an American movie director, producer, screenwriter and cinematographer. His best known works are "A Place in the Sun" (1951), "Shane" (1953), "Giant" (1956), and "The Diary of Anne Frank" (1959).

Jean-Claude Carrière

Jean-Claude Carrière (; 17 September 1931 – 8 February 2021) was a French novelist, screenwriter, actor, and an Academy Award honoree. He was president of La Fémis, the French state film school. Carrière was known for his works with Luis Buñuel on the screenplays of Buñuel's late French movies.

Carrière died in Paris on 8 February 2021, aged 89.

Lynn Stalmaster

Lynn Arlen Stalmaster (November 17, 1927 – February 12, 2021) was an American casting director. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska. She studied at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Stalmaster got his first job in show business as an actor, appearing in the war movies "The Steel Helmet" (1951) and "The Flying Leathernecks" (1951).

Stalmaster is known for casting more than 60 movies of the decade, among them; "Fiddler on the Roof", "Harold and Maude", "The Cowboys", "Deliverance", "Rollerball", "Silver Streak", "Black Sunday", "Coming Home," "Convoy," "The Rose," "Superman" and "Being There".

Stalmaster was also responsible for casting TV-shows like "Combat!", "Gunsmoke", "The Untouchables, My Favorite Martian (S01,E01)' as well as Academy Award winning movies "In the Heat of the Night", "The Thomas Crown Affair", "The Right Stuff" and "The Untouchables".

In 2016, he received an Academy Honorary Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Stalmaster died in Los Angeles on February 12, 2021 at the age of 93.

Luis Buñuel

Luis Buñuel Portolés (; 22 February 1900 – 29 July 1983) was a Spanish-Mexican filmmaker.

"The New York Times" called him "a revolutionary" who was a "leader of avant-garde surrealism in his youth and a dominant international movie director half a century later". 

His first movie, "Un Chien Andalou", was called "the most famous short [movie] ever made" by critic Roger Ebert, and his last movie, "That Obscure Object of Desire", won him Best Director awards from the National Board of Review and the National Society of Film Critics. 

Lucille Eichengreen

Lucille Eichengreen ("née" Cecilie Landau; February 1, 1925 – February 7, 2020) was a German survivor of the Łódź Ghetto and the Nazi German concentration camps of Auschwitz, Neuengamme and Bergen-Belsen. 

She moved to the United States. In 1994, she published "From Ashes to Life: My Memories of the Holocaust". She later taught classes on the Holocaust at libraries, schools and universities in the United States and Germany. She took part in a documentary from the University of Giessen on life in the Łódź Ghetto.

Erazim Kohák

Erazim Kohák (21 May 1933 – 8 February 2020) was Czech philosopher and writer. He was born in Prague. After communists took over Czechoslovakia in 1948, his family escaped to the United States. He also worked at Gustavus Adolphus College and Boston University (Professor in 1977). After the Velvet revolution in 1989, he returned to Czechoslovakia to become a professor at Charles University in Prague.

He died in February 2020 at the age of 86.


Sharpe James

Sharpe James (born February 20, 1936) is an American Democratic politician. James was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He was State Senator for the 29th Legislative District and was 35th Mayor of Newark, New Jersey. James was the second African American Mayor of Newark. From June 1999 until July 2006, James was Mayor of Newark and New Jersey State Senator at the same time. 

His final reelection campaign, against then-Councilman Cory Booker in 2002, was documented in the 2005 feature movie "Street Fight".

On April 16, 2008, James was convicted of five counts of fraud by a federal jury and was sentenced to 27 months in prison.

Thumbscrew (torture)

The thumbscrew is a torture instrument which was first used in early modern Europe. It is a simple vice, sometimes with protruding studs on the interior surfaces. Victims' thumbs, fingers, or toes were placed in the vice and slowly crushed. The thumbscrew was also applied to crush prisoners' big toes.

28 Fundamental Beliefs

The 28 fundamental beliefs are the core beliefs of Seventh-day Adventist theology. Adventists are opposed to the formulation of creeds, so the 28 fundamental beliefs are considered "descriptors", not "prescriptors"; that is, that they describe the official position of the church but are not criteria for membership. These beliefs were originally known as the 27 fundamental beliefs when adopted by the church's General Conference in 1999 additional belief (number 11) was added in 2005. The "Seventh-day Adventist Bible Commentary" is a way to say Adventist theological thought.

They might be grouped into: God, humanity, salvation, the church, Christian life, and the restoration.

There is seven distinct Adventist SDA pillars of doctrine that are inside the 28 Fundamental Beliefs which can be found in the article "Landmarks" in The Seventh-day Adventist Encyclopedia (vol. 10, pp. 682, 683). Though similar reference
does not appear under other intuitive headings such as Pillars, Waymarks, Special Points,b Foundations, Pegs, Pins, or Platforms, all these terms are roughly synonymous with Landmarks. In Comprehensive Index to the Writings of Ellen G. White, vol. 2, the entry for Pillar(s) on p. 2061 is cross-referenced to Landmark, the only term among the eight named here with a corresponding entry in the Encyclopedia.

Ellen White wrote on these landmarks or pillars, "Let the truths that are the foundation of our faith be kept before the people. Some will depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils. They talk science, and the enemy comes in and gives them an abundance of science; but it is not the science of salvation. It is not the science of humility, of consecration, or of the sanctification of the spirit. We are now to understand what the pillars of our faith are,-- the truths that have made us as a people what we are, leading us on step by step." (Review and Herald, May 25, 1905)

In her book Counsels to Writers and Editors, White was more descriptive. "The passing of the time in 1844 was a period of great events, opening to our astonished eyes the cleansing of the sanctuary transpiring in heaven, and having decided relation to God’s people upon the earth, [also] the first and second angels’ messages and the third, unfurling the banner on which was inscribed, “The commandments of God and the faith of Jesus [including Righteousness by Faith].” One of the landmarks under this message was the temple of God, seen by His truth-loving people in heaven, and the ark containing the law of God. The light of the Sabbath of the fourth commandment flashed its strong rays in the pathway of the transgressors of God’s law. The nonimmortality of the wicked is an old landmark".

These foundations, pillars, and landmarks are:

The foundation of Seventh-Day Adventism was being set between 1840 and 1844 and led to many of these landmarks being spread among the early believers. Seventh-Day Adventists believe they are repeating the history of the Jewish nation at Christ's first Advent. The Jews strayed so far from true doctrine that they did not recognize Him who was the very foundation of their system of worship. Their error and tradition led them to reject Christ and close their probation on the wrong side of the Great Controversy. Spiritual Israel is in a similar position now at the end of the world with many Protestant denominations drifting and forgetting the truths which they were built on. These early Adventists came to understand present truth and the Pillars prepare the church to stand through the coming end times and perform the work of restoring the true foundation given from scripture.

The Angry Birds Movie

The Angry Birds Movie (also known simply as Angry Birds) is a 2016 computer-animated comedy movie. It is based on Rovio Entertainment's video game series of the same name, produced by Columbia Pictures and Rovio Animation, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It was directed by Clay Kaytis and Fergal Reilly in their directorial debuts, and written by Jon Vitti.


Edward Morley

Edward Morley (January 29, 1838 – February 24, 1923) was an American physicist. He is known for the Michelson–Morley experiment. He found a more accurate number for the speed of light. He also found how heavy an atom of oxygen is.

Sex machine

A sex machine is a machine that is used to simulate human sexual intercourse or other sexual activity.

Aimee Lou Wood

Aimee Lou Wood (born 3 February 1995) is a British actress. She is best known for her role as Aimee Gibbs in the Netflix original comedy-drama series "Sex Education" (2019–present). She also appeared in the films "The Electrical Life of Louis Wain" (2021) and "Living" (2022).

Wood was born and raised in Stockport, Greater Manchester. She graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in 2017. Between 2019 and 2020, she was dating "Sex Education" co-star Connor Swindells.

Connor Swindells

Connor Ryan Swindells (born 19 September 1996) is a British actor and model. He is best known for his role as Adam Groff in the Netflix original comedy-drama series "Sex Education" (2019–present). In 2018, he appeared alongside Gerard Butler and Peter Mullan in the psychological thriller movie "The Vanishing".

Swindells was born in Lewes, East Sussex. He is dating "Sex Education" co-star Aimee Lou Wood.

Jenna Ortega

Jenna Marie Ortega (born September 27, 2002) is an American actress. She is noted for her roles on television as young Jane in "Jane the Virgin", Harley Diaz in "Stuck in the Middle" and Ellie Alves in "You". In 2016, she began voicing Princess Isabel in the Disney Channel animated series "Elena of Avalor". Ortega's movie work includes starring as Annie in "" (2013), Mary Ann in "The Little Rascals Save the Day" (2014) and Dawn in "Saving Flora" (2018).

Ortega was born in Coachella Valley, California. She is of Mexican and Puerto Rican ancestry.

She is currently starring in the role of Wednesday Addams on the Netflix show, "Wednesday".

Chosen people

Many people have considered themselves to be the chosen people. Usually, a deity chose them to fulfill a specific role, or purpose. In monotheistic religions, this is used to construct "God's chosen people". One of the common cases was that the Israelites. Sometimes the claim is constructed because even though the people are not related to the Israelites, the ideas are similar.

Redemption (theology)

Redemption is a key concept in many religions: Very broadly speaking, it means that there will be an event, that will free a single person, a group of people, or all people from evil. It is commonly used in Judaism, Christianity and Gnosticism. In Buddhism, the term enlightenment has a similar meaning.

Taika Waititi

Taika David Cohen (born 16 August 1975), also known as Taika Waititi , is a New Zealand filmmaker, actor and comedian. He has been awarded with a BAFTA and an Academy Award. He often acts in the movies he writes and directs.

Waititi was born in Raukokore in the Bay of Plenty, North Island. His father was Māori. His mother is of Russian Jewish and Irish ancestry. He calls himself a "Polynesian Jew." He married Chelsea Winstanley in 2011. The couple have two daughters.

Waititi wrote and directed the short movie "Two Cars, One Night" (2004). It was nominated with an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film. He later moved into acting, directing and writing in feature movies. His movies include "Eagle vs Shark" (2007), "Boy" (2010), "What We Do in the Shadows" (2014) and "Hunt for the Wilderpeople" (2016). In 2017, Waititi directed the superhero movie "". He has also had acting roles in "The Strip", "Freaky", "The Mandalorian" and "Rick and Morty".

Waititi wrote, directed, produced and starred as Adolf Hitler in "Jojo Rabbit" (2019). The movie won the Best Adapted Screenplay at the BAFTA Awards as well as the Oscars. "Jojo Rabbit" was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Chicago (2002 movie)

Chicago is a 2002 American musical crime comedy-drama movie based on the stage-musical of the same name. It talks about the themes of celebrity, scandal, and corruption in Chicago during the Jazz Age. 

The movie stars Renée Zellweger, Catherine Zeta-Jones, and Richard Gere. The movie is the first work of Rob Marshall, who also choreographed the movie.

Having strong positive reviews from critics, "Chicago" won six Academy Awards in 2003, including Best Picture, the first musical to win Best Picture since "Oliver!" in 1968.

Chicago (musical)

Chicago is an American musical with music by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and book by Ebb and Bob Fosse. It is set in Chicago in the jazz age. The satire play is about corruption in the criminal justice system in Chicago.

The original Broadway production opened in 1975 at the 46th Street Theatre and ran for 936 performances, until 1977. The revival is currently running 

The 1996 Broadway production holds the record as the longest-running musical revival and the longest-running American musical in Broadway history. It is the second longest-running show to ever run on Broadway, behind only "The Phantom of the Opera". 

The 2002 movie version of the musical won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Katy, Texas

Katy is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. The city is in the counties of Harris, Fort Bend, and Waller. Katy had a population of 21,894 at the 2020 census.

Simmesport, Louisiana

Simmesport is a small town in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,468 at the 2020 census.

Lynn Cohen

Lynn Cohen (born Lynn Harriette Kay; August 10, 1933 – February 14, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Magda in the HBO series "Sex and the City" and the 2008 movie of the same name, as well as its 2010 sequel, and Mags in "". Cohen was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Cohen died on February 14, 2020 in New York City, aged 86.

Seaside, California

Seaside, formerly East Monterey, is a city in Monterey County, California, United States, with a population of 32,366 as of the 2020 census.

Norwegian heavy water sabotage

The Norwegian heavy water sabotage was a group of Allied missions in World War II. The target of the missions was the 60 megawatt Vemork power station. This power station produced a type of water that is named heavy water. Heavy water is based on a hydrogen isotope called deuterium. The missions were to stop Germany from making heavy water. Germany needed the heavy water to understand and help make atomic bombs. The attacks started in February 1942 by Norwegian Commandos and Allied bombers. The missions were code named Grouse, Freshman, and Gunnerside. The missions were successful and the Vemork power plant was no longer working by 1943.

British Special Operations Executive (or SOE) made plans to put four Norwegian commandos in the area in October 1942. On 19 October 1942, these Norwegian commandos parachuted in. They had to ski a very long way to get to the station. They were supposed to watch the power station to make sure it was safe for other troops to arrive. The mission went well and the commandos began surveillance of the power station from Hardanger Plateau.

On 19 November 1942, British paratroopers were supposed to meet the Norwegian commandos and attack the power station. The paratroopers were flown in on gliders pulled by large bombers. The gliders and bombers crashed before they got to Vemork. Most of the British paratroopers were killed in the crash. One crew from a bomber survived, but they were all captured by the German army. The German Gestapo then tortured and executed all of the prisoners. Even though the Norwegian commandos were able to hide from the Germans, the mission was a complete failure.

A new mission was started in February 1943. This time, the Norwegian commandos were able to sneak up to the power station and attacked it. The commandos set bombs on the machines that made the heavy water. The commandos left a Thompson submachine gun behind on purpose so the German military would know it wasn't people from the town. The bombs destroyed the machines and stopped the station from making heavy water. No one from the ferry survived and the heavy water was lost. All of the commandos survived.

After the station was damaged, the German soldiers tried to move the heavy water they had made. The German army moved the remaining heavy water to a dock on Lake Tinn. The heavy water was in drums that were loaded on a railroad car. They loaded the railroad cars on a ferry called the "SF Hydro". Norwegian resistance fighters, led by one of the commandos from Operation Gunnerside, were able to plant bombs on the ferry. After the ferry left the dock, the bombs exploded and the ferry sank into deep water. 18 people died on the ferry, 14 Norwegians and 4 German soldiers.

Early Christian councils

The early councils of Christian churches often set the theological boundaries of what came to be considered statements of Christian belief. The first council was in Jerusalem in 49AD. The issue which led to the meeting was the result of the work of Paul, leading people to faith in Jesus and planting churches in Asia Minor. Paul wanted the new believers and their churches to be accepted by the original church in Jerusalem and to be known in faith and fellowship as true churches. After discussion, Peter concluded that the churches and their faith should be recognized as being on equal with the believer in Jerusalem. James concluded the same and the church issued a letter affirming the same faith in both sets of churches. The letter is found in the book of Acts 15:23-29. The affirmation was to accept their biblical faith, as reported by Paul and Barnabas, and to ask them to not offend their brothers in Jerusalem.

In the history of Christianity in the West (Roman empire) there were seven ecumenical councils include the following: the First Council of Nicaea in 325, the First Council of Constantinople in 381, the Council of Ephesus in 431, the Council of Chalcedon in 451. The near Eastern churches attend the first three councils. The African and far eastern orthodox churches did not attend after Nicaea.

Carroll House

The Carroll House Hotel on Monroe St. in Fullerton, North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The listing included three contributing buildings which included Shingle Style architecture and Second Empire architecture.

The Carroll House was built by Edwin Sweet.

Fullerton, North Dakota

Fullerton is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 62 at the 2020 census.

The city is said to be named after Dr. Samuel Fuller.

The Ranch House is a local restaurant in the area.

"…In 1882 Dickey County was a wild, unbroken prairie, with not a foot of land occupied or a sod turned. Now, i don't believe there is a foot of land in the county that is not owned, and most of it by actual settlers."

Fullerton was founded in 1888.

The Carroll House is a registered national historical site in Fullerton.

François André

François André (19 July 1967 – 11 February 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Pontivy. He was a member of the Socialist Party. From 2012 until his death in 2020, he served as a member of the National Assembly. He represented the department of Ille-et-Vilaine. 

On 11 February 2020, André died of lung cancer in Rennes. He was 52.

Monango, North Dakota

Monango is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2020 census, 30 people lived there.

Monango was founded in 1886.

Monango is located at (46.172520, -98.593856).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the 2020 census, there were 30 people, 12 households, and 7 families living in Monango. The racial makeup of the city was 76.7% White and 23.3% from two or more races. The median age in the city was 26 years.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 36 people, 14 households, and 7 families living in the city. The population density was . There were 22 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 86.1% White and 13.9% from two or more races.

There were 14 households of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 32 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

As of the 2000 census says that there were 28 people, 14 households, and 7 families living in the city. The population density was 76.7 people per square mile (29.2/km²). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 49.3 per square mile (18.8/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% White.

There were 14 households out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out with 25.0% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $30,625 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,652. There were 50.0% of families and 17.4% of the population living below the poverty line, including no under eighteens and 36.4% of those over 64.

Battle of Whitestone Hill

The Battle of Whitestone Hill was the culmination of the 1863 operations against the Sioux Indians in Dakota Territory. Brigadier General Alfred Sully attacked a village September 3–5, 1863. The Native Americans in the village included Yanktonai, Santee, and Teton (Lakota) Sioux.

Ultimately the battle ended in a decisive US victory. Over 300 natives were killed, these included women and children. 20 US soldiers were killed in the conflict.

Dakota Territory

The Territory of Dakota was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 2, 1861, until November 2, 1889, when the final extent of the reduced territory was split and admitted to the Union as the states of North and South Dakota.

Battle of Killdeer Mountain

The Battle of Killdeer Mountain (also known as the Battle of Tahkahokuty Mountain) took place during Brigadier General Alfred Sully's expedition against the Sioux Indians in Dakota Territory July 28–29, 1864. The location of the battleground is in modern Dunn County, North Dakota.

Around 100 Native American warriors were killed in the conflict, whilst only 2 of Alfred Sully's were killed.

Battle of the Badlands

The Battle of the Badlands was fought in Dakota Territory, in what is now western North Dakota, between the United States army led by Brigadier general Alfred Sully and the Lakota, Yanktonai, and the Dakota Indian tribes. The battle was fought August 7–9, 1864 between what are now Medora and Sentinel Butte, North Dakota.

Alfred Sully estimated around 100 Native American warriors were killed in battle, this may have been an exaggeration due to range. Only 3 US soldiers were killed in the battle, along with an additional 10 wounded.

Battle of Big Mound

The Battle of Big Mound was a United States Army victory in July 1863 over the Santee Sioux Indians allied with some Yankton, Yanktonai and Teton Sioux in Dakota Territory.

It is stated in the official report that there was 80 Native American causalities, and only 7 total US causalities (3 killed, 4 wounded).

Galia melon

The Galia melon, also known as sarda in Southeast Asia, is hybrid melon. It comes from a cross between the green-flesh melon cultivar 'Ha-Ogen' and the netted-rind melon cultivar 'Krimka'. It was developed in Israel at the Ne´ve Yaar Research Center of the Agricultural Research Organisation by Dr. Zvi Karchi. It was released in 1973, and named after Karchi's daughter, whose name means "God's wave" in Hebrew.The Galia melon can look like a cantaloupe the outside and a honeydew inside.

Galia melons have the following characteristics:

Ripeness is measured by color of the skin, when it starts turning from green to yellow. After cutting, uneaten pieces should be wrapped and refrigerated to keep flavor.

They are not difficult to grow. Galias are now grown in Algeria, Brazil, Guatemala, Portugal, Spain, Morocco, Southern US regions, Costa Rica, Panama, Honduras, Greece, Turkey, Israel, and Egypt.

Melnick 34

BAT99-116 (commonly called Melnick 34 or Mk34) is a binary Wolf–Rayet star near R136 in the 30 Doradus complex (also known as the Tarantula Nebula) in the Large Magellanic Cloud. Both parts are amongst the most massive and luminous stars known. It has a spectral type of WN5h and the most massive binary system with x-ray luminosity. Because of such a high mass, they are expected to only have a few million years of life and become a black hole.

Battle of Grand Coteau

The Battle of Grand Coteau, or Battle of Grand Coteau du Missouri, was a battle that took place between a Métis buffalo hunting party from St. François Xavier, led by Jean Baptiste Falcon, and the Sioux Cut Head Yanktonai, led by Chief Medicine Bear. The Métis won the battle, which took place on July 13 to 14, 1851 in what is now North Dakota.

Chief Medicine Bear's men killed only 1 person and 15 horses but had much larger losses: 15-80 men and 65 horses.

Hornussen

Hornussen is sport played in Switzerland. Its name comes from the puck which is called a "Hornuss" (hornet) or "Nouss". When hit, the hornuss can whizz through the air at up to 300 km/h (186.4 mph) and creates a buzzing sound. It is a team sport, played between two teams of 16-20 players. Teams take turns to see how far they can hit the hornuss, while the other team attempts to stop it in the air with a type of bat, called a "schindel".

Together with Schwingen and Steinstossen, Hornussen is seen as a Swiss national sport. There are only a few teams in other countries.

Battle of Stony Lake

The Battle of Stony Lake was the third and last engagement of Henry Hastings Sibley's 1863 campaign against the Santee, Yankton, Yanktonai and Teton Sioux in Dakota Territory.

300-400 Native American warriors, women, and children were killed. A mere 40 men perished on the side of the US army.

Battle of the Trebia

The Battle of the Trebia (or Trebbia) was the first major battle of the Second Punic War. It was fought between the Carthaginian forces of Hannibal and the Roman Republic in December 218 BC at or around the winter solstice.

The Carthaginian forces of Hannibal Barca defeated the Roman army, les by Tiberius Sempronius Longus, on the banks of the Trebbia River.

Only 4,000-5,000 Carthaginian soldiers fell during the conflict, far fewer than the Romans' 26,000-32,000 causalities.

Oregon Concordia University

Oregon Concordia University was a private, non-profit Lutheran university in Portland, Oregon in the United States. It was established in 1905.

The university closed after the 2020 spring semester. It was the third private college to close in the Portland-area since 2018.

Remake

Remake means to create something once again. It usually means a movie, television series or video game. A remake tells the same story as the original but uses a different group of actors. It may change the theme or target audience. 

A remake may change some parts of the plot. For example, the 1968 movie "The Thomas Crown Affair" is centered on a bank robbery. The 1999 remake involves the theft of a valuable painting.

Bob Cashell

Robert Alan Cashell (April 22, 1938 – February 11, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He was originally a member of the Democratic Party. He was a Republican after 1983. He served as the mayor of Reno, Nevada from 2002 to 2014. He served as the 28th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 1983 to 1987. He was on the University of Nevada System Board of Regents from 1979 to 1982. He also served as a board member for Station Casinos from 2011 to 2020.

Cashell was born in Longview, Texas. He was married to Nancy Parker from 1964 until his death in 2020. The couple had four children.

Cashell died of an illness and heart disease-related problems on February 11, 2020 in Reno. He was 81.

Shariff Abdul Samat

Shariff Abdul Samat (5 January 1984 – 11 February 2020) was a Singaporean professional footballer. He played as a centre-back. He was the son of Singaporean international footballer, Samad Allapitchay.

Shariff played club football for Sembawang Rangers, Home United, Young Lions, Tampines Rovers, Hougang United, Admiralty, Woodlands Wellington and Geylang International. He also played one game for Singapore in 2008.

Shariff died of a heart attack on 11 February 2020. He was 36.


Shaun Donovan

Shaun Lawrence Sarda Donovan (born January 24, 1966) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2009 to 2014 and Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 2014 to 2017. 

On February 3, 2020 he announced his candidacy for Mayor of New York City.

John Sweeney (labor leader)

John Joseph Sweeney (May 5, 1934 – February 1, 2021) was an American labor leader. He was president of the AFL-CIO from 1995 to 2009. He was born in New York City.

Sweeney died on February 1, 2021 at the age of 86.


Gerda Weissmann Klein

Gerda Weissmann Klein (born Gerda Weissmann, May 8, 1924 – April 3, 2022) was a Polish-American writer, Holocaust survivor, and human rights activist. She was known for her autobiography "All but My Life" (1957) and it was made into a 1995 short movie, "One Survivor Remembers", which received an Academy Award and an Emmy Award.

On February 15, 2011, Klein was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama.

Klein died on April 3, 2022, at the age of 97.


Polymorphism (materials science)

In materials science, polymorphism is the ability of a solid material to exist in more than one form or crystal structure. Polymorphism can be found in any crystalline material including polymers, minerals, and metals. It is related to allotropy, which refers to chemical elements. The complete morphology of a material is described by polymorphism and other variables such as crystal habit, amorphous fraction or crystallographic defects. Polymorphism is important in fields such as pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, pigments, dyes, foods, and explosives.

Polimorphism that exists because of a difference in crystal packing is called packing polymorphism. Polymorphism can also result from the existence of different conformers of the same molecule in conformational polymorphism. In pseudopolymorphism the different crystal types are the result of hydration or solvation. This is more correctly referred to as solvomorphism as different solvates have different chemical formulas. An example of an organic polymorph is glycine, which is able to form monoclinic and hexagonal crystals. Silica is known to form many polymorphs, the most important of which are; α-quartz, β-quartz, tridymite, cristobalite, moganite, coesite, and stishovite. A classical example is the pair of minerals, calcite and aragonite, both forms of calcium carbonate.

An analogous phenomenon for amorphous materials is polyamorphism, when a substance can take on several different amorphous modifications.

Driver 2

Driver 2: Back on the Streets (named Driver 2: The Wheelman Is Back in North America) is the second installment of the "Driver" video game series. It was developed by Reflections Interactive and published by Infogrames. A port to the Game Boy Advance, titled "Driver 2 Advance", was released in 2002, being developed by Sennari Interactive and was released under Infogrames' Atari range of products.

Lalla Fatma N'Soumer

Lalla Fatma N'Soumer (born Fatima Sayed Ahmed Oomazian) and also known as Lalla Fatma (c.1830 – c.1863) was an important person in Algeria who fought in a resistance movement when France was invading Algeria.

The movie "Fatma N'Soumer" (2014) is about her.

There are many statues, schools and streets in Algeria named after her and many women like her.


Katsuya Nomura

Nomura was a player-manager for the last eight years he was with the Hawks. He lead them to the Pacific League title in 1973. He later became full-time manager of the Yakult Swallows. He managed the team to four league titles and three Japan Series championships from 1990 to 1998. Later, he managed the Hanshin Tigers (1999–2001) and the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles (2006–2009). As a manager, Nomura has 1,565 wins. This is the fifth-most wins of any manager in NPB history. He was added to the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989.

His first wife died of Subarachnoid hemorrhage in 1982. He was later married to Sachiyo until her death in 2017. The couple's son was NPB player Katsunori Nomura.

On 11 February 2020, Nomura died of a heart attack in Setagaya, Tokyo. He was 84.


Benon Biraaro

Benon Biraaro (1 March 1958 – 12 February 2020) was a Ugandan military officer. He was a high-ranking commander in the Uganda People's Defence Force (UPDF). He served as the commandant of the Uganda Senior Command and Staff College in Kimaka, Jinja. In 2016, he ran for president of Uganda on behalf of the Farmers' Party.

Biraaro was born in Isingiro District. He attended Makerere University, in Kampala, and Cranfield University in the United Kingdom. On 12 February 2020, Biraaro died of colon cancer in Kampala. He was 61.

Ann E. Todd

Ann Phillips Basart (born Ann Todd Phillips; August 26, 1931 – February 7, 2020), better known by her stage name Ann E. Todd, was an American child actress. She was a noted music librarian later in life. She acted between 1939 and 1953. She appeared in movies such as "Zaza" (1939), "Homesteaders of Paradise Valley" (1947), "Arthur Takes Over" (1948) and "Cover Up" (1949). She also made appearances in "The Stu Erwin Show" between 1950 and 1953.

Todd was born in Denver, Colorado. Her father was composer Burrill Phillips. She was married to Robert Basart from 1951 until his death in 1993. Todd had dementia for the final seven years of her life. She died on February 7, 2020, at the age of 88.

Clarence &quot;Jeep&quot; Jones

Clarence “Jeep” Jones (April 17, 1933 – February 1, 2020) was an American community activist. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Jones was the first African-American Deputy Mayor of the city of Boston. He had a 32-year career with the Boston Redevelopment Authority. He was the Chairman of that board for 24 years.

Jones died on February 1, 2020 in Boston at the age of 86.

Christie Blatchford

Christie Blatchford (May 20, 1951 – February 12, 2020) was a Canadian newspaper columnist, journalist and broadcaster. Notable publications she wrote for include "Toronto Sun", "National Post" and "The Globe and Mail". She also published four non-fiction books. She was born in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec.

Blatchford died of lung cancer in Toronto, Ontario on February 12, 2020. She was 68.

Philip Leder

Philip Leder (November 19, 1934 – February 2, 2020) was an American geneticist. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He was known for his works towards genetic code and the Nirenberg and Leder experiment. His many prizes include the Lasker Award (1987), the National Medal of Science (1991), the Harvey Prize, and the Heineken Prize awarded by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Institute of Medicine. 

Leder died on February 2, 2020 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania of Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 85.


Ron McLarty

Ronald William McLarty (April 14, 1947 – February 8, 2020) was an American actor, playwright, and novelist. He also worked as an audiobook narrator. He recorded over 100 titles and received many Audie Awards. McLarty appeared in many television series such as "Courage the Cowardly Dog" and ". He also wrote dozens of plays and 10 novels. He was known for writing "The Memory of Running" (2004).

McLarty was born in East Providence, Rhode Island. He studied at Rhode Island College. McLarty died on February 8, 2020 in New York City of dementia-related problems, aged 72.

East Providence, Rhode Island

East Providence is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 47,139 at the 2020 census, making it the fifth-largest city in the state.

Efigenio Ameijeiras

Efigenio Ameijeiras Delgado (September 21, 1931 – February 10, 2020) was a Cuban military commander. He worked with Fidel Castro in the military during the 1950s. 

He was one of the band of Castro's active guerrillas that became known as the 26th of July Movement, named after the raid on Moncada Barracks on 26 July 1953. During the Bay of Pigs Invasion, on 19 April 1961, he commanded a battalion of about 200 police and militia moving south towards Giron, that was attacked by Brigade B-26s.

Ameijeiras died of sepsis on February 10, 2020 at the age of 88.

Lyle Mays

Lyle David Mays (November 27, 1953 – February 10, 2020) was an American jazz pianist and composer. He was best known as a member of the Pat Metheny Group. Metheny and Mays composed and arranged nearly all of the group's music, for which Mays won eleven Grammy Awards. He was born in Wausaukee, Wisconsin.

On February 10, 2020, Mays died after a long-illness in Los Angeles, aged 66.


Wausaukee, Wisconsin

Wausaukee is a village in Marinette County, Wisconsin, in the United States. The population was 575 at the 2010 census.

Marinette County, Wisconsin

Marinette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 41,872. Its county seat is Marinette.

Jacques Mehler

Jacques Mehler (1936 – 11 February 2020) was a Spanish-born French-American influential cognitive psychologist. His works focused in language acquisition. He was born in Barcelona.

Mehler is Emeritus at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales. He worked at the International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA) in Trieste. He was editor in chief of the journal "Cognition" until 2007. 

In 2001, Mehler was elected a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and in 2003, he was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

Claire Bretécher

Claire Bretécher (; 17 April 1940 – 10 February 2020) was a French cartoonist. He was known for her works which focused on women and gender issues. Her creations included "Les Frustrés", and the unimpressed teenager "Agrippine". He was born in Nantes, France. She co-founded "L'Echo des savanes".

Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, she published successful collections, such as "The Destiny of Monique" (1982). In 2001, Bretécher's series "Agrippine" was made into a 26-episode TV series by Canal+.

Bretécher died on 10 February 2020 at the age of 79.


Dmitri Borgmann

Dmitri Borgmann (1927 - 1985) was the man who created the sentence "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo". He published the sentence in his book "Beyond Language". The sentence was later used by William J. Rapaport who was a professor in the University at Buffalo in Buffalo, New York. The sentence has had a recent resurgence on the internet.

Borgmann has a Jewish background and was born in Berlin. He fled with his parents to the United States in the 1930s.

Apatheism

Apatheism (; a portmanteau of "apathy" and "theism") is the attitude of apathy towards the existence or non-existence of God(s). It is more of an attitude rather than a belief, claim, or belief system.

An apatheist is someone who is not interested in accepting or rejecting any claims that gods exist or do not exist. The existence of God(s) is not rejected, but may be designated irrelevant.

Scientist and philosopher Ian von Hegner has argued that apatheism is an alternative to positions such as theism, atheism, and agnosticism, with implications that have been overlooked in modern philosophical discussions. Philosopher Trevor Hedberg has called apatheism "uncharted territory in the philosophy of religion."

Theological noncognitivism

Theological noncognitivism is the position that religious language – specifically, words such as "God" – and "Allah" – are not coherently defined. It is sometimes considered synonymous with ignosticism and igtheism.

One argument holds to the claim that definitions of "God" and "Allah" are irreducible, self-instituting relational, circular. For example, a sentence stating that "God is He who created everything, apart from Himself", is seen as circular rather than an irreducible truth.

George Coyne

George V. Coyne, S.J. (January 19, 1933 – February 11, 2020) was an American Jesuit priest and astronomer. He was Director of the Vatican Observatory from 1978 to 2006 and head of the observatory's research group which is based at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona. He was McDevitt Chair of Religious Philosophy at Le Moyne College in Syracuse, New York from 2012 until his death.

Coyne was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He died on February 11, 2020 at a hospital in Syracuse of bladder cancer at the age of 87.

Wendell Rodricks

Wendell Rodricks (28 May 1960 – 12 February 2020) was an Indian fashion designer and author. He was born in Goa, India. He was also an activist for social causes, the environment, and gay rights. Rodricks was known for his eco-friendly fashion.

Rodricks began his career in fashion by designing for Garden Vareli, Lakmé Cosmetics and DeBeers. He launched his own label in 1989.

He made cameo appearances in the 2003 movie "Boom" and in the television play "True West" in 2002. He also played himself in the 2008 movie "Fashion".

In 2014, the Government of India awarded him its fourth-highest civilian award, the Padma Shri.

Rodricks died on 12 February 2020 at his home in Goa of cardiac arrest, aged 59.


Constance Baker Motley

Constance Baker Motley (September 14, 1921 – September 28, 2005) was a civil rights activist. She was also the first African-American woman to be appointed to the Federal judiciary of the United States, where she served as United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.

Bjelovar-Bilogora County

Bjelovar-Bilogora County (; ) is a county in central Croatia.

The town of Bjelovar was first mentioned in historical records in 1413. It became important when a fort was built in 1756 to defend against the Ottoman Empire, who often invaded Croatia.

A hill, Bilogora, is along the northern edge of the county. Thus the name comes from the two important features in the county, Bjelovar and Bilogora.

Other towns in the county are Daruvar, Garešnica, Čazma and Grubišno Polje.

The Bjelovar-Bilogora County borders on Koprivnica-Križevci County in the north, Virovitica-Podravina County in the northeast, Požega-Slavonia County in the southeast, Sisak-Moslavina County in the southwest and Zagreb County in the west.

Bjelovar-Bilogora County is divided into 5 towns and 18 municipalities.

As of the 2011 census, the county had 119,764 people in it. The population density is 45 people per km.

Most people are ethnic Croats. They are 84.8% of the population. Serbs are 6.3%, and Czechs are 5.2%.


F(x)

f(x) may refer to:

NGC 3603-B

NGC 3603-B (HD 97950B) is a Wolf-Rayet star located at the centre of the HD 97950 cluster in the NGC 3603 star-forming region. It is about 20,000 light years from Earth. It has the spectral type of WN6h and is among the most luminous and massive stars known. WN6 indicates that there are ionized nitrogen lines that are strong in comparison to the ionized carbon lines. NGC 3603 is 132 times the mass of the Sun. It has a luminousity of 2,900,000. Although the star is very young, 1.5 million years old, it has lost a considerable fraction of it's initial masses. 

Second Sudanese Civil War

The Second Sudanese Civil War was a conflict from 1983 to 2005 between the central Sudanese government and the Sudan People's Liberation Army. It was largely a continuation of the First Sudanese Civil War of 1955 to 1972. Although it started in southern Sudan, the civil war spread to the Nuba mountains and the Blue Nile. It lasted for 22 years and is one of the longest civil wars on record. The war resulted in the independence of South Sudan six years after the war ended.

Roughly two million people died as a result of war. The conflict also caused famine and disease. Four million people in southern Sudan were displaced at least once during the war. The civilian death toll is one of the highest of any war since World War II and was marked by numerous human rights violations. These include slavery and mass killings.

Flappy Bird

Flappy Bird is a mobile game developed by Vietnamese video game artist and programmer Dong Nguyen (), under his game development company dotGears. The point of the game is for the titular bird to fly between columns of green pipes with the player controlling the bird making it fly higher.

The game also generated some criticism because of the similarities it had with popular videogame franchise "Mario", the one by which Flappy Bird was accused of plagiarism and lack of originality.

"Flappy Bird" was released on May 24, 2013.

Mehriban Aliyeva

Mehriban Arif qizi Aliyeva (née Pashaeva, ; born 26 August 1964) is an Azerbaijani physician, ophthalmologist and politician. She is the First Vice President since 2017 and First Lady of Azerbaijan since 2003. 

She is also the head of Heydar Aliyev Foundation, the chairperson of Azerbaijani Culture Friends Foundation, the President of Azerbaijani Gymnastics Federation, and the goodwill ambassador of UNESCO and ISESCO.

In 1983, she married Ilham Aliyev. They have three children.

Nikitas Venizelos

Nikitas Venizelos (; July 1930 – 12 February 2020) was a Greek shipping businessman and politician. He ran the Venezelos SA shipping company. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament from 1974 to 1981 and again from 1993 to 1996. He was Deputy Speaker from 1993 to 1996. He was born in Athens.

Venizelos died on 12 February 2020 in Athens at the age of 89.

Des Britten

Sir Desmond John Britten (1939 – 13 February 2020) was a New Zealand restaurateur, radio broadcaster, television chef, cookbook writer and Anglican priest. He was Wellington City Missioner for 17 years, and was knighted in 2012. He was born Otane in Hawke's Bay.

Britten was ordained an Anglican priest in 1983 and became the vicar of St Barnabas Roseneath, in Wellington.

He presented two cooking shows on New Zealand television in the 1970s — "Thyme for Cookery" and "Bon Appetit" — and ran "The Coachman"' restaurant in Wellington for 28 years.

Britten died on 13 February 2020 in Wellington of cancer at the age of 80.

Jimmy Thunder

Ti'a James Senio Peau (3 February 1966 – 13 February 2020) known professionally as Jimmy Thunder, was a New Zealand professional boxer. He represented New Zealand, but also held the Australian heavyweight title twice, as well as the IBO and WBF heavyweight titles. He holds the world record for the fastest knockout (1½ seconds) in the history of boxing.

Peau died in his sleep in Auckland on 13 February 2020, following brain surgery, aged 54.

Sharlto Copley

Sharlto Copley (born 27 November 1973) is a South African actor. 

He has played Wikus van der Merwe in the Oscar-nominated science fiction movie "District 9", Howling Mad Murdock in the 2010 adaptation of "The A-Team", Agent C.M. Kruger in the science fiction movie "Elysium", James Corrigan in the science fiction horror movie "Europa Report" and King Stefan in the dark fantasy adventure movie "Maleficent". 

He also played the title character in the science fiction movie "Chappie", as Jimmy in "Hardcore Henry", and starred in two seasons as Christian Walker of the TV series "Powers". 

Sharlto is married to fellow South African actress and supermodel Tanit Phoenix.

Tanit Phoenix

Tanit Phoenix (born 24 September 1980) is a South African super model, actress and makeup artist. She is known for her swimwear and lingerie photo shoots after appearing in a "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" in 2003 and in "GQ" magazine and "FHM" in the same year. She was born in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.

In 2016, she married actor Sharlto Copley. They have one child.

Knowledge Graph

The Knowledge Graph (also known as Knowledge Panel) is a feature in the Google search engine. A Knowledge Graph (KG) is a model in which networks and knowledge structures can be mapped. By linking objects that are related to each other, data can be visualized easily and new knowledge can possibly be formed. It gets information from several sources, like the CIA World Factbook, Wikidata, and Wikipedia. It is used to show important information and pictures about a person, group, or subject. The Knowledge Graph was added to Google in 2012. After that, lots of Knowledge Graphs were created. Google says that Knowledge Graphs answer about one third of all Google searches. Some people do not like the Knowledge Graph because it does not cite any sources. Information from the Knowledge Graph is used to answer spoken questions in Google Assistant and Google Home voice queries. 

Helen Craig (actress)

Helen Craig (May 13, 1912 – July 20, 1986) was an American actress. Her Broadway credits include "Russet Mantle" (1936), "Soliloquy" (1938), "The Unconquered" (1940), "Johnny Belinda" (1940), "As You Like It" (1941), "Lute Song" (1946), "Land's End" (1946), "The House of Bernarda Alba" (1951), "Diamond Orchid" (1965) and "More Stately Mansions" (1967).

Craig also appeared on screen. She acted in TV shows such as "The Waltons", "Kojak" and "The Bionic Woman". Her movie work includes "The Snake Pit" (1948), "They Live by Night" (1948), "The Sporting Club" (1971), "Rancho Deluxe" (1975), "The Legend of Lizzie Borden" (1975) and "Heroes" (1977).

Craig was born in San Antonio, Texas. She married actor John Beal in 1934. The couple had two daughters. On July 20, 1986, Craig died of cardiac arrest in Manhattan, New York. She was 74.

Ismail Bilen

Ismail Bilen (born in 25, October 1961 in Mosh in Turkey) is a Turkish lawyer, politician and member of the Turkish Parliament

He graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Istanbul.

also worked as an independent lawyer and was a deputy from Manisa

Ismail is married and has three children

Erkan Kandemir

Erkan Kandemir (born 2 September 1981 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and architect and a member of the Justice and Development Party in Turkey. Erkan is from Rize, Turkey originally and he graduated from the Department of Civil Engineering at Sakarya University, He got a Master's degree from Kingston University in England and in October 2014 he was appointed as Deputy Minister of Health of the Republic of Turkey.

Shamrock Shake

The Shamrock Shake is a green mint flavored milkshake. It is sold at McDonald's. It was first released in 1970. It has 460 calories.

Fahrettin Koca

Fahrettin Koca (was born in 1965 in Konya, Turkey) is a Turkish doctor and politician. He became the Health Minister of Turkey in 2018. Koca is a member of the Justice and Development Party.

He was appointed as the new Minister of Health From by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.

Koca completed his primary and secondary education in Konya. His high school education was at Bursa Male High School. He earned his medical degree in 1988 after graduating from Istanbul University Medical School. Koca completed his specialization training at Istanbul University Cerrahpaşa Medical School in the field of Pediatrics. He became a pediatrician in 1995.

Koca worked as a medical doctor and medical director at many health facilities. He carried out important progress with the health policies of Turkey at the health institutions that he founded and directed.

Koca is a member of Turkish Pediatrics Institution, Pediatric Metabolism and Nutrition Association, Istanbul Chamber of Commerce Health Profession Committee and Association of Private Hospitals and Health Institutions.

He is married and has four children.

Ministry of Health (Turkey)

Ministry of Health (Turkish: "Sağlık Bakanlığı") is a government ministry office of the Republic of Turkey, responsible for health affairs in Turkey.

The current minister is Fahrettin Koca, serving since 10 July 2018.

Rich, Mississippi

Rich is an unincorporated community in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States.


Jackson, Tennessee

Jackson is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 68,205.

Madison County, Tennessee

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 98,823. The county seat is Jackson.

Tiptonville, Tennessee

Tiptonville is a town in and the county seat of Lake County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 3,976.

Lake County, Tennessee

Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 7,005. The county seat is Tiptonville.

Steve Fossett

James Stephen Fossett (April 22, 1944 – September 3, 2007) was an American businessman and a record-setting aviator, sailor and adventurer. In 2002, he became the first balloonist to circumnavigate the world alone. In 2005, he completed the first nonstop global flight in an airplane by himself. He was also known for his friendship with billionaire Richard Branson. Branson's Virgin Group sponsored some of Fossett's adventures.

Fossett was born in Jackson, Tennessee. He grew up in Garden Grove, California. He attended Washington University in St. Louis and Stanford University. In 1968, Fossett married Peggy Fossett ("née" Viehland), originally from Richmond Heights, Missouri. The couple had homes in Beaver Creek, Colorado, Chicago, Illinois and Carmel, California.

On September 3, 2007, Fossett went missing while flying a light aircraft over the Great Basin Desert. A year later, in September 2008, a hiker found some of Fossett's belongings in the Sierra Nevada mountain range, California. This lead to the discovery of his aircraft and some of his remains.

Anna Friel

Anna Louise Friel (born 12 July 1976) is an English actress. She began professionally acting at the age of 13. She first became notable for playing Beth Jordache in the soap opera "Brookside" (1993–95). Outside the UK, she became known for her role as Charlotte "Chuck" Charles in the ABC series "Pushing Daisies" (2007–09).

Friel's movie credits include "The Land Girls" (1998), "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1999), "Rogue Trader" (1999), "Sunset Strip" (2000), "Me Without You" (2001), "Timeline" (2003), "Goal!" (2005), "Bathory" (2008), "Land of the Lost" (2009), "London Boulevard" (2010), "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger" (2010), "Limitless" (2011), "The Look of Love" (2013), "The Cleanse" (2016) and "I.T." (2016).

Friel has also starred in many British and American television shows, such as "The Jury" (2004), "Odyssey" (2015), "The Girlfriend Experience" (2017) and "Marcella" (2016–present). Her stage work includes Patrick Marber's "Closer" (Broadway, 1999), and West End productions of "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (2009) and "Uncle Vanya" (2012).

Friel was born in Rochdale, Greater Manchester. She has dated actors David Thewlis and Rhys Ifans. She has a daughter, Gracie (born 2005), with Thewlis.

Middlesex County, Jamaica

Middlesex County is a historic county of Jamaica. It contains the parishes of Clarendon, Manchester, Saint Ann, Saint Catherine and Saint Mary.

Surrey County, Jamaica

Surrey County is a historic county of Jamaica. It contains the parishes of Kingston, Portland, Saint Andrew and Saint Thomas.

Cornwall County, Jamaica

Cornwall County is a historic county of Jamaica. It contains the parishes of Hanover, Saint Elizabeth, Saint James, Trelawny and Westmoreland.

Cliftonhill

Cliftonhill Stadium is a small football stadium located in Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. Since 1919, it has been the home of Albion Rovers F.C..

Wantagh

Wantagh is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) on Long Island, New York. In 2020, there were 18,613 people living there. Wantagh is known as "The Gateway to Jones Beach." The neighboring towns of Wantagh are Levittown, Seaford, Merrick, and Bellmore.

Hakan Cakil

Hakan Cakil (born 23 September 1964 in Ankara, Turkey ) He is a Turkish politician, former ambassador at the Turkish Embassy in Lebanon.

He worked in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1990, assumed various duties. Cakil held the position of Senior Adviser for Cyprus Affairs between 2011 and 2015, and served as the Ambassador of Turkey to Nigeria between 2015 and 2018, and become Ambassador to Beirut on July 4, 2018. Also, he speaks English.

Siege of Jerusalem (70 CE)

The Siege of Jerusalem in the year 70 CE was the decisive event of the First Jewish–Roman War, in which the Roman army captured the city of Jerusalem and destroyed both the city and its Temple.

It is said that 1.1 million non-combatants died in the siege. 60,000 Jews were taken captive, and forced into slavery.

Transfinite number

In mathematics, transfinite numbers are numbers that are "infinite" in the sense that they are larger than all finite numbers, but not necessarily absolutely infinite. These numbers can be categorized into two types: transfinite cardinals and transfinite ordinals.

Transfinite cardinals are infinite numbers used to quantify the different sizes of infinity—of which there are many kinds. For example, the number formula_1 (aleph null) is used to refer to the size of the set of natural numbers (or other sets having the same size as the natural numbers). Other such numbers include formula_2 (aleph one) and formula_3. These are called aleph numbers.

Under continuum hypothesis, the number formula_2 is the same as the size of the set of real numbers. This number is sometimes referred to as formula_5 (or the cardinality of the continuum).

Aside from transfinite cardinals, transfinite ordinals also exist. These are numbers used to describe the ordering of sets. For example, the ordinal number formula_6 is the set of all finite ordinals. It is also the first transfinite ordinal.


Battle of Mutina

The Battle of Mutina took place on 21 April 43 BC between the forces loyal to the Senate under Consuls Gaius Vibius Pansa and Aulus Hirtius, supported by the legions of Caesar Octavian, and the Caesarian legions of Mark Antony which were besieging the troops of Decimus Brutus.

Tactical senatorial victory, strategic Antonian victory (Antony prevents encirclement of his forces, the enemy consul was killed), Octavian and the Republic sign a treaty with Antony.

Martin Garrix

Martijn Garritsen (born 14 May 1996), commonly known by his stage name Martin Garrix, is a Dutch DJ, musician, and producer. He is best known for the track "Animals" which went straight to the UK Singles Chart in 2013. His single "Wizard", produced with Jay Hardway, was released on 2 December 2013. Garrix is ranked No. 1 on the Top 100 DJ MAG in 2018 and No. 2 in 2019.

More Sentio tracklist 2024

Kepler-62f

Kepler-62f (also known by its Kepler Object of Interest designation "KOI-701.04") is a super-Earth exoplanet orbiting within the habitable zone of the star Kepler-62, the outermost of five such planets discovered around the star by NASA's "Kepler" spacecraft. It is about 990 light-years (300 parsecs) from Earth in the constellation of Lyra.

Haakon VII

Haakon VII (, born Prince Carl of Denmark; 3 August 1872 — 21 September 1957) was the King of Norway from 1905 until his death in 1957.

Originally born a Danish prince, he was the son of the future King Frederick VIII of Denmark and Louise of Sweden. Prince Carl was educated at the Royal Danish Naval Academy and served in the Royal Danish Navy. After the 1905 dissolution of the union between Sweden and Norway, Prince Carl had an opportunity to take the Norwegian crown. Following the November plebiscite, Haakon accepted the opportunity and was proclaimed king on 18 November 1905. He took the Old Norse name "Haakon", becoming the first independent Norwegian monarch to use that name since 1380.

As king, Haakon gained much sympathy from the Norwegian people. Although the Constitution of Norway vests the King with considerable executive powers, in practice Haakon confined himself to a representative and ceremonial role while rarely interfering in politics, a practice continued by his son and grandson.

Norway was invaded by Nazi Germany in April 1940. Haakon rejected German demands to legitimise the Quisling regime's puppet government, vowing to abdicate rather than do so. He refused to abdicate after going into exile in Great Britain. As such, he played a pivotal role in uniting the Norwegian nation in its resistance to the invasion and the subsequent five-year-long occupation during the Second World War. He returned to Norway in June 1945 after the defeat of Germany.

He became the King of Norway when his grandfather, Christian IX was still the King of Denmark, and that before his father and elder brother became kings of Denmark. During his reign he saw his father Frederick VIII, his elder brother Christian X, and his nephew Frederick IX ascend the throne of Denmark, in 1906, 1912 (also of Iceland from 1918 to 1944), and 1947 respectively. Haakon died on 21 September 1957 at the age of 85 after a long 52-year reign. He was succeeded by his only son, Olav, who ascended to the throne as Olav V.

Haakon has a reputation as one Norway's greatest kings. Despite living in exile for five years, he refused to abdicate the throne. He played a pivotal role in uniting the Norwegian nation in its resistance to the invasion and the subsequent five-year-long occupation. He also managed to hold his young and fragile country together in unstable political conditions.

Haakon VII reigned during two world wars. His refusal to submit when a German-pressured Storting body asked him to abdicate inspired the Norwegians to resist the German occupation during World War II. Haakon VII returned from exile in England to Norway in June 1945.

Haakon VII died on September 21, 1957 in the Royal Palace in Oslo.

Cromwellian conquest of Ireland

During the wars of the kingdoms, forces of the English parliament conquered Ireland, between 1649 and 1653. These forces were led by Oliver Cromwell. The event is known as Cromwellian conquest of Ireland or Cromwellian war in Ireland. Cromwell invaded Ireland with his New Model Army on behalf of England's Rump Parliament in August 1649.

After the Irish Rebellion of 1641, most of Ireland came under the control of the Irish Catholic Confederation. In early 1649, the Confederates allied with the English Royalists, who had been defeated by the Parliamentarians in the English Civil War. By May 1652, Cromwell's Parliamentarian army had defeated the Confederate and Royalist coalition in Ireland and occupied the country, ending the Irish Confederate Wars (or Eleven Years' War). However, guerrilla warfare continued for a further year. Cromwell passed a series of Penal Laws against Roman Catholics (the vast majority of the population) and confiscated large amounts of their land.

The Parliamentarian conquest was brutal, and Cromwell is still a hated figure in Ireland. The extent to which Cromwell, who was in direct command for the first year of the campaign, was responsible for the atrocities is debated to this day. Some historians argue that the actions of Cromwell were within the then-accepted rules of war, or were exaggerated or distorted by later propagandists; these claims have been challenged by others.

The impact of the war on the Irish population was unquestionably severe, although there is no consensus as to the magnitude of the loss of life. The war resulted in famine, which was worsened by an outbreak of bubonic plague. Estimates of the drop in the Irish population resulting from the Parliamentarian campaign range from 15 to 41 percent. The Parliamentarians also transported about 50,000 people as indentured labourers. Some estimates cover population losses over the course of the Conquest Period (1649–52) only, while others cover the period of the Conquest to 1653 and the period of the Cromwellian Settlement from August 1652 to 1659 together.

Kingdom of Breifne

The Kingdom of Breifne or Bréifne was a medieval overkingdom in Gaelic Ireland. It comprised what is now County Leitrim, County Cavan and parts of neighbouring counties, and corresponds roughly to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kilmore.

Gaelic Ireland

Gaelic Ireland was the Gaelic political order, social order, and associated culture that existed in Ireland from the prehistoric era until the early 17th century. Before the Norman invasion of 1169, Gaelic Ireland comprised the whole island.

The Chordettes

The Chordettes were an American female popular singing quartet, usually singing a cappella. Their songs were mainly traditional popular music. They are best known for their hit songs "Mr. Sandman" and "Lollipop".


Geert Hofstede

Gerard Hendrik (Geert) Hofstede (2 October 1928 – 12 February 2020) was a Dutch social psychologist, IBM employee, and Professor Emeritus of Organizational Anthropology and International Management at Maastricht University in the Netherlands. He was well known for his pioneering research on cross-cultural groups and organizations. He was born in Haarlem, Netherlands. 

His most notable work was in developing cultural dimensions theory. He was known for his books "Culture's Consequences" and "Cultures and Organizations: Software of the Mind", co-authored with his son Gert Jan Hofstede. 


Rajendra K. Pachauri

Rajendra Kumar Pachauri (20 August 1940 ― 13 February 2020) was an Indian economist and engineer. He was the chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), and was replaced by Hoesung Lee. He held the post from 2002 until his resignation in February 2015. The IPCC was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize during his tenure.

In February 2015, Pachauri was accused and investigated for sexual harassment.

Pachauri died on 13 February 2020 at a hospital in New Delhi from heart surgery-related problems, aged 79.


Mehmet Özhaseki

Mehmet Özhaseki, (born 25 May 1957, Kayseri, Turkey) is a Turkish politician of the Justice and Development Party (AK Party) and former Minister of Environment and Urban Planning. He is a former Mayor of Kayseri.

Mehmet Özhaseki was born in Kayseri on 25 May 1957. Özhaseki began his education in Kayseri and went on to study electronic engineering at Hacettepe University. He completed his education at the Istanbul University Faculty of Law.

He was elected to the Melikgazi Municipality in the March 1994 elections. In the 2004 elections he was elected Mayor of Kayseri with 72% of the vote. According to Christopher Caldwell, he attributes his success to "good government". He stood again in the March 2009 election and was re-elected as Mayor of Kayseri.

Özhaseki was elected as a Justice and Development Party (AKP) Member of Parliament for Ankara's Kayseri in the June 2015 general election. He was re-elected in November 2015. He was appointed as the Minister of Environment and Urban Planning in the 65th government of Turkey by Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım on 24 November 2015.

Rudolf Anderson

Rudolf Anderson Jr. (September 15, 1927 – October 27, 1962), was a pilot and commissioned officer in the United States Air Force.

Rudolf Anderson Jr. was the only person killed by enemy fire during the Cuban Missile Crisis.

Anderson died when his U-2 spy aircraft was shot down over Cuba.

On October 27, Anderson took off in a U-2F (AF Serial Number "56-6676", former CIA Article 343) from a forward operating location at McCoy Air Force Base in Orlando, Florida. A few hours into his mission, he was shot down by a Soviet-supplied S-75 Dvina (NATO designation SA-2 Guideline) surface-to-air missile near Banes, Cuba. "The loss of the U-2 over Banes was probably caused by intercept by an SA-2 from the Banes site, or pilot hypoxia, with the former appearing more likely on the basis of present information," stated a CIA document dated 0200 hrs, October 28, 1962. Anderson was killed when shrapnel from the exploding proximity warhead punctured his pressure suit, causing it to decompress at high altitude.

Tamás Wichmann

Tamás Wichmann (4 February 1948 – 12 February 2020) was a Hungarian sprint canoeist. He competed from 1966 to 1983. Wichmann competed in four Summer Olympics, he won three medals. This included two silver (C-1 1000 m: 1972, C-2 1000 m: 1968) and one bronze (C-1 1000 m: 1976).

Competition law

Competition law is a law that stops companies from behaving in an anti-competitive way. Competition law is called "antitrust law" in the United States, and "anti-monopoly law" in China and Russia. It used to be called "trade practices law" in the United Kingdom and Australia. In the European Union, it is called both antitrust and competition law.

Kingdom of Aksum

The Kingdom of Aksum (), also known as the Kingdom of Axum or the Aksumite Empire, was an ancient kingdom centered in what is now Eritrea and the Tigray Region of northern Ethiopia. Axumite Emperors were powerful sovereigns, styling themselves King of kings, king of Aksum, Himyar, Raydan, Saba, Salhen, Tsiyamo, Beja and of Kush.
Ruled by the Aksumites, it existed from approximately 80 BC to AD 825. It was centered in the city of Axum and grew from the proto-Aksumite Iron Age period around the 4th century BC. It became important by the 1st century AD. 
Aksum became a major player on the commercial route between the Roman Empire and Ancient India. The Aksumite rulers made trade easier by minting their own Aksumite currency. The state also assumed its hegemony over the declining Kingdom of Kush. It also regularly entered the politics of the kingdoms on the Arabian Peninsula and eventually extended its rule over the region with the conquest of the Himyarite Kingdom. The Manichaei prophet Mani (died 274 AD) regarded Axum as one of the four great powers of his time; the others were Persia, Rome, and China. 

The Aksumites built monumental stelae, which served a religious purpose in pre-Christian times. One of these granite columns is the largest such structure in the world, at 90 feet. Under Ezana (fl. 320–360) Aksum adopted Christianity. In the 7th century, early Muslims from Mecca sought refuge from Quraysh persecution by travelling to the kingdom, a journey known in Islamic history as the First Hijra.

The kingdom's ancient capital, also called Axum, is now a town in Tigray Region (northern Ethiopia). The Kingdom used the name "Ethiopia" as early as the 4th century. Tradition claims Axum as the alleged resting place of the Ark of the Covenant and the purported home of the Queen of Sheba.

Betty Siegel

Betty L. Siegel (January 24, 1931 – February 11, 2020) was an American author and educator. He was president of Kennesaw State University. She was the first female president of the University System of Georgia. She was in that position for 25 years, making her the longest serving female president of a state university in the United States from 1981 to 2006. Siegel was born in Cumberland, Kentucky.

Siegel died on February 11, 2020 in Kennesaw, Georgia at the age of 89.

Kennesaw, Georgia

Kennesaw is a city in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. It had a population of 33,036 according to the 2020 census.

Lawrence W. Pierce

Lawrence Warren Pierce (December 31, 1924 – February 5, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from 1981 to 1990, nominated by Ronald Reagan. Before he was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1971 to 1981, nominated by Richard Nixon. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Pierce died on February 5, 2020 in Boca Raton, Florida at the age of 95.


2020 Irish general election

The 2020 Irish general election took place on Saturday, 8 February 2020. This was the first election since 1918 to be held on a weekend instead of a weekday.

The election resulted in a hung parliament, with the three largest parties splitting the vote nearly evenly.

Fianna Fáil secured the most seats, with 38, then returning and unopposed Ceann Comhairle giving them a 1-seat advantage. Sinn Féin finished with the most first-preference votes of any party and 37 seats to obtain the party's best showing since the foundation of the modern Republic of Ireland. Fine Gael, the party of Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, finished third in both number of seats (35) and first-preference votes.

Since a coalition needs the support of 80 or more TDs in the 160-seat Dáil and no two parties have that many seats between them, any coalition would require the support of smaller parties or independent TDs to govern.

The chart below shows the results of opinion polls since the previous general election.

Brendan Howlin

Brendan Howlin (born 9 May 1956) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was Leader of the Labour Party since May 2016. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency since 1987. 

He was Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform from 2011 to 2016, Leas-Cheann Comhairle from 2007 to 2011, Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1997 to 2002, Minister for the Environment from 1994 to 1997 and Minister for Health from 1993 to 1994. 

He was a Senator from 1983 to 1987, after being nominated by the Taoiseach.

In February 2020, after a poor result for the Labour Party in the 2020 general election, he announced that he would be stepping down as party leader in a few weeks.

Hvítá

Hvítá ("white river") is a river in Iceland that starts at the Hvítárvatn glacier lake on the Langjökull glacier in the highlands of Iceland at . The river flows for before dropping down into a narrow gorge at the Gullfoss waterfall.

After this, the river flows between the Biskupstungur and Hrunamannahreppur districts. Here, the Hvítá combines with three other rivers: the Tungufljót, the Brúará, and the Stóra-Laxá, doubling the volume of the river. It goes to run through the flatlands near Grímsness and behind Ingólfsfjall mountain. Just north of the town of Selfoss it meets the Sog River where it becomes the Ölfusá as it flows into the Atlantic Ocean.


Leader of the Opposition (Ireland)

The Leader of the Opposition () in Ireland is the politician who, , leads the Parliamentary Opposition in the lower house of the Irish Parliament, Dáil Éireann. 

When in the Dáil, the Leader of the Opposition sits on the right-hand side of the Ceann Comhairle and directly opposite of the Taoiseach.

To date there have been 17 Opposition Leaders, 9 of whom have been Taoiseach. The current Leader of the Opposition is Mary Lou McDonald TD of the Sinn Féin party since June 2020.

John Bruton

John Gerard Bruton (18 May 1947 – 6 February 2024) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was Taoiseach from 1994 to 1997.

Bruton was also Ambassador of the European Union to the United States from 2004 to 2009, Leader of Fine Gael from 1990 to 2001, Opposition Leader from 1990 to 1994 and 1997 to 2001, Deputy Leader of Fine Gael from 1987 to 1990, Minister for the Public Service from January 1987 to March 1987, Minister for Finance from 1981 to 1982 and 1986 to 1987, Minister for Industry, Trade, Commerce and Tourism from 1983 to 1986, Minister for Industry and Energy from 1982 to 1983, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Education and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1973 to 1977. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1969 to 2004.


Charles Haughey

Charles James Haughey (16 September 1925 – 13 June 2006) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was Taoiseach on three different occasions: 1979 to 1981, March 1982 to December 1982 and 1987 to 1992. 

He was also Minister for the Gaeltacht from 1987 to 1992, Leader of the Opposition from 1981 to 1982 and 1982 to 1987, Leader of Fianna Fáil from 1979 to 1992, Minister for Social Welfare and Minister for Health from 1977 to 1979, Minister for Finance from 1966 to 1970, Minister for Agriculture from 1964 to 1966, Minister for Justice from 1961 to 1964 and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Justice from 1959 to 1961. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1957 to 1992.

Jack Lynch

John Mary Lynch (15 August 1917 – 20 October 1999), known as Jack Lynch, was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was Taoiseach from 1966 to 1973 and 1977 to 1979.

He also was Leader of Fianna Fáil from 1966 to 1979, Leader of the Opposition from 1973 to 1977, Minister for Finance from 1965 to 1966, Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1959 to 1965, Minister for Education 1957 to 1959, Minister for Gaeltacht Affairs from March 1957 to June 1957, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Lands and Parliamentary Secretary to the Taoiseach from 1951 to 1954. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1948 to 1981.

He was the third leader of Fianna Fáil from 1966 until 1979.

Seán Lemass

Seán Francis Lemass (born John Francis Lemass; 15 July 1899 – 11 May 1971) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was Taoiseach and Leader of Fianna Fáil from 1959 to 1966. He was Tánaiste from 1957 to 1959, 1951 to 1954 and 1945 to 1948, Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1957 to 1959, 1951 to 1954, 1945 to 1949 and 1932 to 1939 and Minister for Supplies from 1939 to 1945. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1924 to 1969.

John A. Costello

John Aloysius Costello (20 June 1891 – 5 January 1976) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was Taoiseach from 1948 to 1951 and from 1954 to 1957, Leader of the Opposition from 1951 to 1954 and from 1957 to 1959, and Attorney General of Ireland from 1926 to 1932. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1933 to 1943 and from 1944 to 1969.

W. T. Cosgrave

William Thomas Cosgrave (6 June 1880 – 16 November 1965) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was President of the Executive Council from 1922 to 1932 and Leader of the Opposition from 1932 to 1944.

Cosgrave was Leader of Fine Gael from 1934 to 1944, Leader of Cumann na nGaedheal from 1923 to 1933, Chairman of the Provisional Government from August 1922 to December 1922, President of Dáil Éireann from September 1922 to December 1922, Minister for Finance from 1922 to 1923 and Minister for Local Government from 1919 to 1922. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1921 to 1944. 

He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the North Kilkenny constituency from 1918 to 1922.

Cosgrave never officially held the office of Taoiseach.

Persian Gulf naming dispute

The Persian Gulf naming dispute is about the name of the body of water known historically and internationally as the Persian Gulf (), after the land of Persia (the old Name of Iran.
some Arab countries since the 1960s started to call it Arabian Gulf 
This name has changed by some Arab countries since the 1960s, there was no act until the early 1960s does a major new development occur with the adoption by the Arab states bordering on the Gulf of the new expression "al-Khalīj al-ʻArabī" as a weapon against Iran for political influence in the Gulf.
On almost all maps printed before 1960, and in most modern international treaties, documents and maps, this body of water is known by the name "Persian Gulf 
This reflects traditional usage since the Greek geographers Strabo and Ptolemy, and the geopolitical realities of the time with a powerful Persian Empire comprising the whole northern coastline and a scattering of local emirates on the Arabian coast. It was referred to as the Persian Gulf by all Arabs historian and Geoghraphers such as the Arabic Christian writer Agapius, writing in the 10th century.

According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name (pp 92–98), the United Nations Secretariat and its specialized agencies have requested its staff to use only "Persian Gulf" as a standard geographical name.

The United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names discussed the naming issue during its 23rd session, held in Vienna from 28 March to 4 April 2006. According to the report of the meeting, "It is interesting that from among 6000 existing historical maps published up to 1890, there are only three maps mentioning the names of Basreh Gulf, Qatif Gulf, and Arabic Gulf, in addition to which the name of small gulfs(Bay) located at the coast with local use can be also named such as Siraf Gulf(bay), Basreh Gulf, Bahrain Gulf,…. but such names are not applied to the entirety of the Persian Gulf. It is obvious that the promotional use by the Arabs of the three aforementioned maps, whose identity and originality are not clear, in comparison with 6000 maps and more than 200 historical and tourism books from Irastus to Herodotus to Estakhri and Ibn Houghal, who have all called the water body, Persian Gulf, shall lack any value."



Ali ihsan Yavuz

Ali Ihsan Yavuz is a Turkish politician and member of the Justice and Development Party. He was born on July 7, 1969 in Trabzon, Turkey.

Leyla Shahin Usta

Leyla Shahin Usta (Born in 8, March  1973, in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish politician, physician, member of the Turkish Parliament and the Justice and Development Party in Turkey.

She completed her medical education at the University of Vienna in 2003.

Leyla worked as a doctor until 2015.

She was a deputy from Turkish city of Konya

She speaks German and English, Leyla is married and has 2 children.

in August 2018, She became the Vice President in charge of Human Rights in Ak Party

Ernest Green

Ernest Gideon Green (born September 22, 1941) is one of the Little Rock Nine, a group of African-American students who, in 1957, were the first black students ever to go to classes at Little Rock Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. Green was the first African-American to finish the school in 1958. In 1999, he and the other members of the Little Rock Nine were given the Congressional Gold Medal by President Bill Clinton.

Ernest Green was born on September 22, 1941. He was a senior of the Little Rock Nine. He graduated from 12th grade on May 27, 1958.


Islamic Community of India

The Islamic Community of India is the religious authority of Muslims in India. It is also recognised as the highest representative body of Muslims in the country. The community's headquarters are located in Daryaganj, New Delhi. Grand Mufti of India is the President of this Authority. Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad is currently serving as President since 2019. The authority was registered in 1954 and working nine national agencies under the authority.

Twelve regions established under authority.


G-Eazy

Gerald Earl Gillum (born May 24, 1989), better known by his stage name G-Eazy, is an American rapper, record producer, and actor from Oakland, California. His debut major album, "These Things Happen", was released on June 23, 2014. His second album, "When It's Dark Out" was released on December 4, 2015. It included the single "Me, Myself & I" which was at the top of the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Major Lazer

Major Lazer is an American electronic music trio. It includes record producers and DJs Diplo, Ape Drums, and Walshy Fire. In June 2019, Jillionaire left the group and was replaced by Ape Drums. The group was formed by Diplo and Switch, but Switch left in 2011.

They have released singles such as "Lean On" (with DJ Snake feat. MØ), "Light It Up" (feat. Nyla and Fuse ODG), "Cold Water" (feat. Justin Bieber and MØ) and "Know No Better" (feat. Camila Cabello, Travis Scott and Quavo). They saw Snoop Dogg use his alias Snoopzilla.

Ralph Gonsalves

Ralph Everard Gonsalves (born 8 August 1946) is a Vincentian politician. He is currently the 4th Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines from 28 March 2001, and leader of the Unity Labour Party (ULP) from 6 December 1998. Under his leadership, the country forged greater ties with other countries such as Iran, Venezuela, and Cuba. 

Skate

Skate or Skates may refer to:





Seaford, New York

Seaford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York.

Clark County, Kentucky

Clark County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,972. Its county seat is Winchester.

Russell County, Kentucky

Russell County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,991. Its county seat is Jamestown. It was formed on December 14, 1825.

Webster County, Kentucky

Webster County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,017. Its county seat is Dixon. The county was formed in 1860 and named for American statesman Daniel Webster (1782-1852). It is the southernmost county in the Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Metcalfe County, Kentucky

Metcalfe County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,286. Its county seat is Edmonton.

Marshall County, Kentucky

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 31,659. Its county seat is Benton.




Boston, Kentucky

Boston is a census-designated place (CDP) of Kentucky in the United States.

Hancock County, Kentucky

Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,095. Its county seat is Hawesville.

Powell County, Kentucky

Powell County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,129. Its county seat is Stanton.


Pendleton County, Kentucky

Pendleton County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,644. Its county seat is Falmouth. It was formed on December 13, 1798.

Impact, Texas

Impact is a town in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Lawn, Texas

Lawn is a town in Taylor County, Texas, in the United States.

Trent, Texas

Trent is a town in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Tuscola, Texas

Tuscola is a city in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Potosi, Texas

Potosi is a census-designated place (CDP) in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Merrick, New York

Merrick is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 22,040.

East Atlantic Beach, New York

East Atlantic Beach is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York.

Delavan, Minnesota

Delavan is a city in the state of Minnesota in the United States. The city is in Faribault County. As of 2020 census, 172 people lived there.

Perry County, Indiana

Perry County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 19,170 people lived there. The county seat is Tell City.

The Ernest Green Story

The Ernest Green Story is a movie made on January 17, 1993. The main character is Ernest Green.

Ernest Green - Ernest Green is the main character. In real life, he was born on September 22, 1941. He graduated on May 27, 1958.

List of Sesame Street video games

There have been several "Sesame Street" video games made for video game platforms. Most of the "Sesame Street" video games were published and developed by NewKidCo.

Elmo's ABCs is a video game. It was made for the Game Boy Color. It was made on March 1, 1999.

The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is a video game. Like Elmo's ABCs, it was made both in 1999 and both were made for the Game Boy Color. There is also a version for Windows and the original Game Boy.

Elmo's Letter Adventure is a video game. It was made for the Nintendo 64. It was made in 1999.

Shoot (disambiguation)

A shoot is an immature plant or portion of a plant.

Shoot may also refer to:

Lompoc, California

Lompoc is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 44,444. It is near Vandenberg Space Force Base (formerly Vandenberg Air Force Base).

DJ Snake

William Sami Etienne Girgahcine (born 13 June, 1986), better known by his stage name DJ Snake, is a algerian DJ and record producer who mixes hip hop and electronic music.

He gained international success with the singles "Bird Machine" and "Turn Down For What" in 2013. He collaborated with Dillon Francis and Diplo in 2014. "Bird Machine" is a collaboration with French act Alesia. The song was released in February 2013 on Mad Decent, a Los Angeles-based record label run by Diplo. In June 2013, DJ Snake was invited by Diplo to do a live mix on his radio show "Diplo & Friends" which airs on BBC Radio 1.

In 2011, Snake produced an album for Lady Gaga. He also co-produced the Lady Gaga songs "Applause" and "Do What U Want" featuring R. Kelly.
In 2013, he released "Bird Machine" with Alesia and "Turn Down For What" with Lil Jon. On 11 February 2014, he collaborated with Dillon Francis on his single "Get Low". In March 2015, he collaborated with American electronic dance music trio Major Lazer on their single "Lean On". He released "Talk" with George Maple and "Let Me Love You" with Justin Bieber in 2016. He also released "Taki Taki" with Selena Gomez, Cardi B, and Ozuna. Also he released songs with Sean Paul and Young Thug.

As a remixer, Snake has made remixes for artists, including AlunaGeorge, Kanye West, Major Lazer, Duck Sauce, Junior Senior, amongst others.


Marcella (TV series)

Marcella is a British TV show about a detective in London. The main actor is Anna Friel and she plays as the person Marcella Backland. The show is in the "noir" style which means that serious, sexual or shocking things might happen.

In the past Marcella Backland worked for the police and her job was to be a detective. This means she was a person who found the people who did crimes. Marcella stopped her job to start a family. Now she returns to her job and there is an open case from 11 years ago. This means there was a crime, but the police are still looking for the person who did it. In this example, a person who killed many people in the past stopped doing it for a while, but now the killer has started again. It is important for Marcella and the police to find the killer to stop them, or other people may die. Marcella also has problems about herself. She ended her marriage with her husband, and she has blackout episodes where she is sick and can not remember things. This is tough for her and she does not know what to do about the marriage or the illness.

Hans Rosenfeldt made the show. He made important decisions about it like writing what the people say, telling the actors what to do, and organizing the people making the show. He also made "The Bridge" which is another TV show and also in the "noir" style. The show started for the first time in April 2016 and had eight episodes. There was a second group of eight episodes in 2018, and a third group of eight episodes in 2021. It is a serial show, which means that the episodes are connected one after the other, and it is better to watch them in order. The company that sent it to the television is called ITV.

Fifth Harmony

Fifth Harmony is an American girl group formed on the US version of "The X Factor" in 2012. The members are Ally Brooke, Dinah Jane, Lauren Jauregui, Normani, and Camila Cabello. Cabello left the group in December 2016, while the remaining members announced that they were taking a break in 2018 to go after their own career.

They are famous for performing the songs "Boss", "Sledgehammer", and "Worth It" from their first album "Reflection" (2015), as well as "Work From Home", "All In My Head (Flex)", and "That's My Girl" from their second album "27/7" (2016).

Ally Brooke, Dinah Jane, Lauren Jauregui, Normani, and Camila Cabello auditioned on the second season of the US version of "The X Factor" on July 27, 2012, failing to make it past the "Teens" and "Young Adults" categories. They were eventually brought back by the judges, and became a five person girl group on July 7, 2012. They eventually came third on the show on December 20, 2012, losing to second-place winner Carly Rose Sonenclar, and winner Tate Stevens.

On January 17, 2013, "The X Factor" creator Simon Cowell signed them to his record label, Syco Music, along with Epic Records. The group performed covers of famous songs on YouTube, before releasing their extended play, "Better Together" on October 22, 2013. They performed on stadium tours for Cher Lloyd and Demi Lovato, as well as performing at smaller concerts. They also began recording songs for their first studio album in 2014, which would eventually be known as "Reflection".

"Reflection" was released on February 3, 2015, where it sold 80,000 copies in the first week and reached number five on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The third single on the album, "Worth It" was the album's most successful song, peaking at number twelve on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Fifth Harmony announced that they were working on a second album, which was eventually called "7/27". On February 26, 2016, the album's first single, "Work From Home" was released, which peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "7/27" was released on May 27, 2016, selling 74,000 copies and peaking at number four on the "Billboard" 200.

On December 18, 2016, Cabello announced that she would be leaving Fifth Harmony, which was confirmed by the group in a statement. The four members decided to still perform together.
On May 29, 2017, the group released "Down" as the first song from their self-titled third album "Fifth Harmony". The album was released on August 25, 2017, and peaked at number four on the "Billboard" 200. After touring, the group announced that each member wanted to separate and work on their own projects, causing them to go on a break for an unknown time period.

Fifth Harmony is mainly a pop and R&B girl group. They have described their music as having a "retro feel" to it as well. The group lists the Spice Girls, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Destiny's Child as their main influences. Lana Del Rey, Adele, Janet Jackson, Celine Dion, Taylor Swift, Brandy, Jennifer Lopez, Patti LaBelle, Cher Lloyd, Carrie Underwood, Jessie J, Beyoncé, Alicia Keys, Christina Aguilera, Selena, Celia Cruz, Demi Lovato, Ed Sheeran and Leona Lewis have inspired each member of the group.


Renzo Chiocchetti

Renzo Chiocchetti (17 November 1945 – 13 February 2020) was an Italian cross-country skier. He was born in Moena. He competed at the 1972 Winter Olympics and the 1976 Winter Olympics. He died in Moena at the age of 74. 


Naughty Boy

Shahid Khan (born 1 January 1985), better known by his stage name Naughty Boy, is an English DJ, record producer, songwriter and musician. He was born in Watford. In 2012, Khan signed to a three-year published version of Virgin EMI Records to release an album under that label. He runs his own record label called Naughty Boy Recordings. In 2012, he wrote and produced Emeli Sandé's first album "Our Version of Events". His first album "Hotel Cabana" was released in 2013.

His singles are "Lifted", "Think About It", "Wonder" and the number one hit "La La La" featuring singer Sam Smith. "La La La" was released in May 2013.

Most notably, Khan has co-produced two records for UK rappers Chip ("Diamond Rings") and Wiley ("Never Be Your Woman"), both featuring Emeli Sandé.

He has produced songs for artists such as Alesha Dixon, Cheryl Cole, Jennifer Hudson, JLS, Leona Lewis, and Tinie Tempah.

Reinbert de Leeuw

Reinbert de Leeuw (8 September 1938 – 14 February 2020) was a Dutch conductor, pianist and composer. He was born in Amsterdam. 

In 1974, he founded the Schönberg Ensemble. They mainly focused on performing works by the Second Viennese School. He composed the piece "Etude" (1983–1985) for the strings of the ensemble.

De Leeuw regularly conducted the Netherlands' major orchestras and ensembles, including the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, New Sinfonietta Amsterdam, "Residentie" Orchestra The Hague and ensembles such as the Netherlands Chamber Choir, the ASKO, the Netherlands Wind Ensemble, and the orchestras of the Dutch Public Radio. 

In the 1995–96 season, he was the centre point of the 'Carte Blanche' series in the Concertgebouw Amsterdam. 

He was involved in the organization of the series 'Contemporaries' at the Concertgebouw Amsterdam.

Louis-Edmond Hamelin

Louis-Edmond Hamelin, (21 March 1923 – 11 February 2020) was a Canadian geographer, professor, and author. Hamelin was born in Saint-Didace, Quebec, Canada. He was best known for his studies of Northern Canada.

Hamelin created the Centre for Northern Studies at the Université Laval in Québec and was rector of the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières from 1978 to 1983. He was also a member of the Northwest Territories Legislative Council.

Hamelin specialized in Northern and Aboriginal peoples studies. 

Hamelin died on 11 February 2020 at the age of 96.

Decebal Traian Remeș

Decebal Traian Remeş (26 June 1949 - 14 February 2020) was a Romanian economist and politician. He was a member of the National Liberal Party (PNL). He was a member of the Romanian Chamber of Deputies for Maramureş County from 1996 to 2000. 

He was Finance Minister from 1998 to 2000, while in the Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu cabinet, he was Minister of Agriculture during 2007.

Chamber of Deputies (Romania)

The Chamber of Deputies () is the lower house in Romania's bicameral parliament. It has 329 seats to which deputies are elected by direct popular vote using party-list proportional representation to serve four-year terms. Additionally, the organisation of each national minority is entitled to a seat in the Chamber (under the limitation that a national minority is to be represented by one organisation only).

Marcel Ciolacu

Ion-Marcel Ciolacu (born 28 November 1967) is a Romanian politician and Prime Minister of Romania since 15 June 2023. He was the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of Romania and is the leader of the Social Democratic Party.

Titus Corlățean

Titus Corlățean (; born 11 January 1968) is a Romanian politician and diplomat. He was the Minister of Justice and of Foreign Affairs. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party (PSD), part of the Party of European Socialists, and was elected to the Chamber of Deputies for Brașov County in the 2004 elections.

Blaze and the Monster Machines

Blaze and the Monster Machines is a kids' television show. It first aired on October 13, 2014. It focuses on (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics). The show premieres on Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. Channel.

Season 1 first aired on October 13, 2014. Season 1 ended on February 18, 2016, though season 2 first aired in September 2015. Season 2 ended on September 29, 2016. Season 3 first aired on October 10, 2016. Season 3 ended on February 22, 2018. Season 4 first aired on March 26, 2018. Season 4 ended on September 9, 2019. Season 5 was announced in May 2018. Season 5 first aired on August 16, 2019. Season 6 first aired on December 18, 2020. Season 6 ended on September 13, 2022. Season 7 first aired on September 14, 2022.


Robert Gibbs

Robert Lane Gibbs (born March 29, 1971) is the executive vice president and global chief communications officer of McDonald's. Before, he was the 27th White House Press Secretary in President Barack Obama's cabinet.

Abby Cadabby

Abby Cadabby is a 4-year-old Muppet character on the PBS/HBO children's television show Sesame Street, performed by Leslie Carrara-Rudolph. In 2006, Abby made her debut in the first episode of "Sesame Street"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 37th season, when she moved into the neighborhood and met some of the Street's residents. On the day of her debut, her wand broke; Big Bird told her to take her wand to the Fix-It Shop where Maria would fix it. Season 40 features her CGI animated recurring segments titled "Abby's Flying Fairy School" which was adapted into a proper spin-off. She is also currently the host of another spin-off "Abby's Amazing Adventures", with her stepbrother Rudy. The first episode aired November 17, 2018 on HBO and September 2, 2019 on PBS.

Her name is a play on words of the magic word Abracadabra. Abby's magical powers are limited to popping in and out of thin air, floating when she's happy, and turning things into pumpkins. Although familiar with the world of fairy tales, Abby is astounded by such basic learning skills as drawing letters or counting, prompting her catchphrase "That's so magic!" She frequently uses her wand cell phone to call her mommy. When she's asked to return home, she says that she's "gotta poof". She can speak Dragonfly and Butterfly and is teaching Rosita the languages, while Rosita teaches her Spanish. Along with Baby Bear, Abby begins attending school in a 2006 episode at the Storybook Community School, where Mrs. Goose is the teacher and other fairy tale characters like Hansel and Gretel are her classmates. Her mother being the fairy godmother, went to that school and had the same teacher. In 2020 on Sesame Street in Communities, Abby was shown going to online Pre-School, but is obviously a different school as she has a different teacher and Elmo is now one of her classmates

Tony Geiss conceptualized Abby as a way to simultaneously introduce a major female character to the show and add someone from a different culture, without "having consciously to introduce somebody from Indonesia or India". Abby's design is an intentional departure from the typical Muppet look because she's not originally from "Sesame Street". The implication is that the fairies in her old neighborhood look like her.

Abby's likeness has been adapted for a 43-foot balloon which premiered in the 2007 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, a full-body costume character for stage appearances and several merchandise items.

In 2008, Abby was added to the cast of "Plaza Sésamo", the Mexican co-production of "Sesame Street", appearing in new segments where she tries to perform magic tricks with various ordinary objects. She also has a segment with Lola where they solve everyday problems with simple science and sometimes art. In 2009, she became the host of "3, 2, 1 Vamos!", a Latin American pre-school programming block, which first aired in English in 2010, on Canadian television.

She is also one of the few Muppet characters to age, being age 3 from 2006 to 2018 and age 4 from 2018 to present.

Abby Cadabby was officially announced in TV Guide, months before the 37th season debut of Sesame Street, and a press kit was issued soon after.[3] Rumors had floated on the Internet before that, with an anonymous Sesame Workshop or Muppet insider revealing the addition on Muppet Wiki.[citation needed]

She made her Street debut on August 14, 2006.

Abby was scheduled to be interviewed August 10, 2006, on The Today Show on NBC; "NBC Special Report" coverage of the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot pre-empted the interview. Abby appeared for a short chat on 14 August, a few short minutes with Bobbie Thomas and Lester Holt before the weather. The scheduled "satellite-tour" of local stations across America went on later that day.[4]

Abby was to be featured as ABC World News "Person of the Week" on 11 August 2006; Hurricane Katrina/2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict dog rescuer Linda Nealon pre-empted her.[5] Abby Cadabby was featured on the 18 August broadcast, with the teaser, "Femininity comes to Sesame Street".[2] She was touted as the first 3-year-old "Person of The Week".

Abby appeared on the August 11 edition of All Things Considered on NPR.[6]

In 2007, Abby had a balloon made after her in the 2007 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. In 2008, Abby starred as 'Alice' in the Sesame Street direct-to-DVD film Abby in Wonderland that adapts Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland. Abby was featured in the 2007-2009 tour of Sesame Street Live show When Elmo Grows Up and the 2012-2013 leg of the "Elmo Makes Music" tour.

In 2014's direct-to-DVD film "Elmo's Super Numbers", Abby appears at NumberCon as "One-Da Woman", a numeric spoof and pun of the DC comic book female superhero, Wonder Woman.

In 2018 (season 49) she got a wardrobe change. Her dress was replaced with a skirt with flower sparkles, a t-shirt with a flower, and hair clips shaped like daisies and ladybugs. This is a hint to her liking to take care of her fairy garden.

Abby is the host of Sesame Street's autism initiative.

Grayson County, Kentucky

Grayson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,420. Its county seat is Leitchfield.

Grayson County was formed in 1810 from land taken from Hardin and Ohio counties. The county is named for William Grayson (1740-1790), a Revolutionary War colonel and U.S. Senator from Virginia.

The county has a total area of .





Dragoon

Dragoons were originally a type of mounted infantry. They used horses to move around, but got off the horses to fight on foot. They were also used as cavalry and were trained to fight with swords on horseback. The name is taken from a type of firearm, called a "dragon". The dragon was a handgun version of a blunderbuss. It was carried by dragoons of the French Army. In the late 17th and early 18th centuries, most European armies had dragoons. In modern times, some armoured or ceremonial mounted regiments still call themselves dragoons.


Boswell, Indiana

Boswell is a town in Benton County, Indiana, in the United States.

Oxford, Indiana

Oxford is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Rush County, Indiana

Rush County is a county in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of 2020, 16,752 people lived there. The county seat is Rushville.

Brookville, Indiana

Brookville is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Washington County, Indiana

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 28,182 people lived there. The county seat is Salem.

Bracken County, Kentucky

Bracken County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,400. Its county seat is Brooksville.

Bracken County was formed as Kentucky's 23rd county in 1796 from parts of Mason and Campbell counties.

Warrick County, Indiana

Warrick County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 63,898 people lived there. The county seat is Boonville.

Buffalo Gap, Texas

Buffalo Gap is a town in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Tye, Texas

Tye is a city in Taylor County, Texas in the United States.

Bellmead, Texas

Bellmead is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ben &amp; Holly's Little Kingdom

Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom is a British children’s animated TV show. The show was created by Neville Astley and Mark Baker. The music is produced by Julian Nott, who is noted for his Wallace and Gromit and Peppa Pig scores.

It first aired on 2008 and ended in 2013. On May 3, 2019 a live on stage show about the show was announced.

List of Ben &amp; Holly's Little Kingdom episodes

"Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom" is a British animated television series. The show was created by Neville Astley and Mark Baker, and produced by Astley Baker Davies and Entertainment One. The series first aired on 2008 and aired last episodes on 24 December 2013. They are total of 104 episodes were produced.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

A Star Is Born (2018 soundtrack)

A Star Is Born is a soundtrack by American singer Lady Gaga and American actor Bradley Cooper. It was released along with the film on October 5, 2018. Musically, it contains songs from pop, country, and rock genres.

It was very successful on record charts, reaching number one on album charts in twelve countries, including the US, UK, Canada, and Australia. It was the best-performing album of 2019 in Canada and the third-best performing of 2019 in the US.

The soundtrack won the Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media in 2020.

Three singles were released from the album: "Shallow", "Always Remember Us This Way", and "I'll Never Love Again". Gaga became the first artist to win the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media in two consecutive years, winning for "Shallow" in 2019 and for "I'll Never Love Again" in 2020.

Breckinridge County, Kentucky

Breckinridge County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,432. Its county seat is Hardinsburg.

Evant, Texas

Evant is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Caroline Flack

Caroline Louise Flack (9 December 1979 – 15 February 2020) was an English television presenter. She was born in Enfield, London and grew up in Norfolk. She was best known for presenting the reality television shows Love Island and X Factor. She died from suicide by Hanging at her flat in London on 15 February 2020, aged 40. She was awaiting trial for assaulting her boyfriend, tennis player Lewis Burton.

Flack suffered from long-term mental health issues, attempting suicide and self-harming on various occasions. She did not take well the criticism that came with fame. TV producer Anna Blue said that "she just wasn't emotionally wired to deal with all the problems that came with being famous". 

DJ Khaled

Khaled Mohammed Khaled (born 26 November 1975), known professionally as DJ Khaled, is an American DJ, record producer, record executive and author. Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, he is a member of the hip hop group Terror Squad. He released his first album "Listennn... the Album" in June 2006. He has worked with other artists like Birdman, Jay-Z, Jeremih, Lil Wayne, and Rick Ross.

He was a radio host on the radio station 99 Jamz in the 1990s before becoming a DJ and producer for Terror Squad.


Bulent İnal

Mehmet Bülent İnal (born 19 May 1973) is a Turkish actor.

He graduated from Ege University, and Dokuz Eylül University Department of Theatre. His recent television project is "".


Dua Lipa

Dua Lipa (; ; born 22 August 1995) is an English-Albanian singer, songwriter and model. After signing with Warner Music Group in 2014, she released her self-titled debut album in 2017.

Dua Lipa was born on 22 August 1995 in London. Her parents are Albanian and emigrated to Britain from Kosovo.

While working as a model, she appeared of most Barclays Private Bank sponsorship idents on ITV's "The South Bank Show" between 2003 and December 25, 2005 as well as the alternate 40 second "True value talk to an expert" advert during October 2003. 

After working as a model, she signed with Warner Music Group in 2015 and soon released her first song, "New Love". Her popular songs include "Levitating" and "Dance the Night". She has also worked with other artists, releasing "One Kiss" with Calvin Harris, "Cold Heart" with Elton John and "No Lie" with Sean Paul.

Lipa has won three Grammy Awards: one for Best New Artist, one for Best Dance Recording for "Electricity" with Silk City (both won in 2019), and for Best Pop Vocal Album (in 2021) for her album, "Future Nostalgia".


Early world maps

The earliest known world maps are from the 6th to 5th centuries BC. They show the world in a different and very simple shape. The developments of Greek geography during this time, notably by Eratosthenes and Posidonius led to Ptolemy's world map (2nd century AD). This was authoritative throughout the Middle Ages.

Since Ptolemy, cartographers got better knowledge of the size of the globe. With the Age of Discovery, the 15th to 18th centuries, world maps became increasingly accurate. Exploration of Antarctica, Australia, and the inside of Africa by western mapmakers was done in the 19th and early 20th century.



Christophoros (Rakintzakis)

Bishop Christophoros (Rakintzakis) (), born George Rakintzakis (May 1, 1931 – February 14, 2020) H.B.A., B.Div., B.Ed., M.A., was the Bishop of Andida and Vicar-Bishop of the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of Toronto (Canada) under the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople from 1999 to 2017. 

He was also the first Dean of the from October 1997 through to June 2006. He officially retired in 2017. In addition he was a brother of the historic Hosios Loukas monastery in Boeotia, Greece. He was born in Athens, Greece.

No Time to Die (song)

"No Time to Die" is a song by American singer Billie Eilish. It is the theme song of the 2021 "James Bond" movie of the same name. It was released through Darkroom and Interscope Records on February 13, 2020. The song was written by Eilish and her brother Finneas O'Connell, and recorded in a bedroom studio. 

At age 17, Eilish is the youngest artist in history to write and record a "James Bond" theme song. The song won Eilish the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2022.

Tony Fernández

Octavio Antonio Fernández Castro (June 30, 1962 – February 15, 2020), better known as Tony Fernández, was a Dominican baseball shortstop. He played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball for seven teams. He mainly played for the Toronto Blue Jays. Fernández was known for his defensive skills, setting a nine-year record for shortstops with a .992 fielding percentage in 1989, while still holding the single-season fielding percentage record for third basemen with .991 in 1994.

Fernández announced in 2017 that he had been diagnosed with kidney disease. On February 15, 2020, Fernández died of problems related to the disease; he had suffered a stroke and was placed in an induced coma.

Jerzy Gruza

Jerzy Gruza (4 April 1932 – 16 February 2020) was a Polish screenwriter and movie director. Gruza was born in Warsaw. He directed television shows like "Wojna domowa" (1965–1966) and "Ring and Rose" (1986) and the movie "Dzięcioł" (1970). He wrote the script for the popular television show "Czterdziestolatek".

Gruza died on 16 February 2020 in Warsaw at the age of 87.

José Zalaquett

José ""Pepe"" Zalaquett Daher (10 March 1942 – 15 February 2020) was a Chilean lawyer. He was known for his work in the defence of human rights during the "de facto" regime that governed Chile under General Augusto Pinochet from 1973 to 1990.

On 15 November 1975, agents of the National Intelligence Directorate (DINA) arrested José Zalaquett and took him to the Tres Álamos detention centre. He was released on 30 January 1976, arrested again on 5 April, and sent into exile on 12 April. He did not return to Chile until 1986.

From 2002 to 2005 he was a member of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, and was its president in 2004-05.

Zalaquett died of Parkinson's disease-related problems on 15 February 2020 in Santiago de Chile, aged 77.


Couque de Dinant

The Couque de Dinant () is an extremely hard and sweet biscuit. It is a traditional biscuit of the southern Belgian city of Dinant in Wallonia.

"Couques" are made with three ingredients: wheat, flour and honey. Preparation is fairly easy: The same amount of each ingredient is added, and nothing else. For example, neither water nor yeast are added. The dough is put in a wooden mould. The wood is obtained from pear tree, walnut tree or beech tree. The moulds have many different shapes. These includes animals, floral patterns, people or landscapes.

The biscuit is cooked in an oven preheated to around for 15 minutes. This allows the honey to caramelize. On cooling, the biscuit becomes very hard. It can be preserved indefinitely. "Couques" can be displayed as decoration as they will not rot. They are used as Christmas tree ornaments, or used to commemorate special occasions.

A different type, the couque de Rins also adds sugar to the dough. It is sweeter and softer as a result.

"Couques de Dinant" cannot be bitten as they are very large and hard. They are instead broken into small pieces. The pieces can then be bitten, sucked, left to melt in the mouth or be soaked in coffee. "Couques de Dinant" have been traditionally given to babies during teething.

Dinant bakeries see large sales over the summer season due to tourists. The consumption of "couques" is highest near Saint Nicholas Day in December. At that time of year, they are sold and eaten all over Belgium.

A popular but unlikely legend said that couques came from from the sacking of Dinant in 1466. Dinant was sacked by Charles the Bold during the Liège Wars. The citizens were supposedly desperate and had little to eat but flour and honey. They then decided to make a dough by mixing honey and flour. As the dough was so hard, they find that ornaments can be made out of it. One example is "dinanderie" (local ornamental brasswork). The people thereby began the tradition of giving the biscults patterns.

It is more clear that "couque" began to appear some time in the 18th century. The exact circumstances of its invention are unclear though.


Boone County, Kentucky

Boone County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 135,968, making it the fourth-most populous county in Kentucky. Its county seat is Burlington. The county was formed in 1798 and was named for frontiersman Daniel Boone.

Newport, Vermont (city)

Newport is a city in Vermont. As of 2020, it has a population of 4,455 people.

Lancaster, New Hampshire

Lancaster is a town of Coos County in the state of New Hampshire in the United States.


Edmonson County, Kentucky

Edmonson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,126. Its county seat is Brownsville. This is a dry county where the sale of alcohol is prohibited.

The county was formed on January 12, 1825 from land given by Grayson, Hart and Warren counties and named for Captain John "Jack" Edmonson (1764–1813), who was killed at the Battle of Frenchtown during the War of 1812.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water.



As of the census of 2020, there were 12,126 people living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,358 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.2% White, 0.8% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 3.0% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 4,885 households out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 5.7% were unmarried couples living together, 22.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.4% had a male householder with no wife present. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48.

In the county, the population was spread out with 21.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 males there were 100.6 females. For every 100 males age 18 and over, there were 102.2 females.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the county was $41,533, and the median income for a family was $55,351. The per capita income for the county was $23,329. About 10.7% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.


Wörgl

Wörgl is a city of the Kufstein district in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is from the international border with Bavaria, Germany.

Wörgl is an important railway junction between the line from Innsbruck to Munich, and the inner-Austrian line to Salzburg. Its train station has been designated as a "Hauptbahnhof" () since 10 December 2006.



Zygomatic bone

The zygomatic bone (cheekbone or malar bone) is a paired facial bone in the upper side of the face. It shows as the prominence of the cheek. The zygomatic bone forms the floor of the eye orbit.

Sphenoid bone

The sphenoid bone is an unpaired bone of the neurocranium. It is in the middle of the skull towards the front.

Burhan Kuzu

Burhan Kuzu (1 January 1955 – 1 November 2020) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Kayseri, Turkey. He was a former deputy in the Turkish Parliament from 2002 to 2018 representing the Justice and Development Party.

Kuzu died of COVID-19 on 1 November 2020 in Istanbul, aged 65.

Lutfiye Selva Cam

Lutfiye Selva Cam ( born in 5, September, 1970, in urfa , Turkey ) She is a Turkish engineer and politician.

She is a deputy in the Justice and Development Party for Ankara since  2015.

She studied at Middle East Technical University, College of Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering.

in June 2015 and November 2015 general elections, the Justice and Development Party entered Parliament as an Ankara

she is mother of three children. Fluent in English, French and Arabic medium. 

Hamza Dag

Hamza Dag (born in 1, March, 1980 , in Demirci district of Manisa, Turkey) He is Turkish politician, lawyer, And a former deputy in the Turkish Parliament

Hamza graduated from Faculty of Law at the University of 9 September and worked as an independent lawyer.

Hamza is the founder of the Exchange Lawyers Group.

In the period 24, he was elected deputy to Izmir, He served as a member of the Human Rights Inquiry Committee.

He has an intermediate level in English and Arabic, Hamza is married and has two children.

Bayview Stadium

Bayview Stadium, known formerly as New Bayview, is a football stadium in Methil, Fife, Scotland. It is the home of East Fife F.C.. It was opened in 1998.

Disappearance of Dulce Avalez

Dulce Maria Avalez is a missing person. She went missing on September 16, 2019. She was born on April 25, 2014.

On September 16, 2019, Dulce and her brother went to a park at around 4:00 PM (EST). While her mother and Dulce’s 8 years old cousin were in the car around 30 yards away from the park. Around a few minutes later, her mother and Dulce’s cousin came back, only to find Dulce’s brother upset, but his sister was not there.


Duchy of Warsaw

The Duchy of Warsaw (, , ) was a Polish state started by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1807 during the Napoleonic Wars. Poland had been divided among its neighbors in the Partitions of Poland. The Dutchy was made up of the Polish lands given to France by the Kingdom of Prussia under the terms of the Treaties of Tilsit. Prussian and Russian troops occupied it when Napoleon was defeated in Russia. This split was made official in 1815 at the Congress of Vienna. 

Polish fighting in the Napoleonic Wars started when the first Polish legions were made with supporters of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Napoleon used them during the campaigns in Italy to great effect.

Battle of Gonzales

The Battle of Gonzales was the first military engagement of the Texas Revolution. It was fought near Gonzales, Texas, on October 2, 1835, between rebellious Texan settlers and a detachment of Mexican army soldiers. On October 2, 1835, the growing tensions between Mexico and Texas erupt into violence when Mexican soldiers attempt to disarm the people of Gonzales, sparking the Texan war for independence. Texas or Tejas as the Mexicans called it–had technically been a part of the Spanish Empire since the 17th century.

Bunker Hill Village, Texas

Bunker Hill Village is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Shoreacres, Texas

Shoreacres is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cloverleaf, Texas

Cloverleaf is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Neil Sanderson

Neil Christopher Sanderson (born December 17, 1978) is a Canadian musician. He is the current drummer of the Canadian rock band Three Days Grace and the original drummer of the Canadian Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch from 1996 to 1997.

Missouri City, Texas

Missouri City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Palisades, Texas

Palisades is a village in the U.S. state of Texas.

Timbercreek Canyon, Texas

Timbercreek Canyon is a village in the U.S. state of Texas.

Technophobia

Technophobia is the fear, or dislike, of more advanced technical devices. Technophobia has occurred since the Industrial Revolution. Very often, artists show technophobia in their works. Two examples of this are Frankenstein, and the movie Metropolis. The Luddites were a movement of textile workers who fought against the use of machines, in the 19th century.

Anabaptist groups, such as the Amish or the Mennionites are often shown as being against all modern technology. This image is false, and largely relies on ignorance. These groups are not technophobic, they simply judge the technologies they use: if the technology is useful for the group as a whole, and it does not pose a risk in making the group fall apart, the technology is usually kept. As an example, tractors are used, because they help with agriculture. Cars, on the other hand, are often not used, because they help drive the community apart.

In a study, done between 1992 and 1994 University students in different countries were asked if they were technophobic: Among the 3.392 participants in the United States, 29% identified as strongly technophobic. As a comparison, 58% of the Japanese pariicipants identified as technophobic, in India, the number was 82%, and in Mexico, it was 53%.

Uncertain, Texas

Uncertain is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.


Hedwig Village, Texas

Hedwig Village is a city in Harris County, Texas in the United States.

Taylor Lake Village, Texas

Taylor Lake Village is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Tomball, Texas

Tomball is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Old River-Winfree, Texas

Old River-Winfree is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Beach City, Texas

Beach City is a city of Chambers County in the state of Texas in the United States.


Pando (tree)

Pando (Latin for "I spread out"), also known as the trembling giant, is a colony of aspen trees, in Utah.

The trees that make up the colony are clones: they are genetically identical. The colony is made of about 47.0000 single trees and covers about . The roots of these trees are linked. A single aspen tree will not grow older than 100 to 130 years. New trees will grow, others will die off. The whole organism may be about 80,000 years old. It is the oldest known living organism on Earth.

Humans brought mule deer into the region, which may be a threat to Pando. On the other hand, aspens are resistant to browsing: their leaves contain some unpleasant chemicals. In a study done in the 2000s, scientists analyzed aerial photographs of the region. They found that Pando has not grown in size in the last 30–40 years. Therefore, they say that it may be threatened.

Arcola, Texas

Arcola is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Beasley, Texas

Beasley is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Graeme Allwright

Graeme Allwright (7 November 1926 – 16 February 2020) was a New Zealand-born French singer and songwriter. His music "provided anthems for the French left-wing counter-culture." He became popular in the 1960s and 1970s as a French language interpreter of the songs of songwriters such as Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan and Pete Seeger. His greatest success came with his third album, "Le jour de clarté" (1968). It included adaptations of two songs by Leonard Cohen ("Suzanne" and "The Stranger Song"), two by Tom Paxton, and others by Pete Seeger, Jackson C. Frank and Roger Miller. He continued to work when he was in his nineties. 

Allwright was born in Wellington. He grew up in Hawera. Allwright died on 16 February 2020 in Couilly-Pont-aux-Dames, Seine-et-Marne. He was 93.

Luke Evans

Luke George Evans (born 15 April 1979) is a Welsh actor and singer. He started his career on the stage. He has performed in many of London's West End productions such as "Rent", "Miss Saigon" and "Piaf". In 2013, Evans starred as the main antagonist Owen Shaw in the blockbuster "Fast & Furious 6". He also played Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson's "The Hobbit" trilogy (2012–14).

Evans has also appeared in movies such as "Clash of the Titans" (2010), "Immortals" (2011), "The Three Musketeers" (2011), "The Raven" (2012), "Dracula Untold" (2014), "Professor Marston and the Wonder Women" (2017), "Beauty and the Beast" (2017) and "StarDog and TurboCat" (2019).

Evans was born in Pontypool. He grew up in Aberbargoed. He is openly gay.

DJ Fresh

Daniel Stein (born 11 April 1977), better known by his stage name DJ Fresh, is an English DJ. As a drum and bass producer, he is best known for making electronic music. He founded the label "Breakbeat Kaos" with Adam F.

He has worked with artists including Pet Shop Boys, Andy C, Rita Ora, Pendulum, amongst others.

In 2006, Fresh released his first album. Fresh produced Rita Ora's 2012 album "Ora".

Sebastian Ingrosso

Sebastian Ingrosso (born Sebastian Carmine Ingrosso on 20 April 1983) is a Swedish DJ, producer, and remixer.

He is a member of the house music group Swedish House Mafia, alongside Axwell, Eric Prydz, and Steve Angello.

His production is mainly classified as electro house and progressive house.

Tinchy Stryder

Ksawi Danquia (born 14 September 1986), better known by his stage name Tinchy Stryder, is a British grime music artist hailing from Accra, Ghana. 

He began his career in 1997. 

His song "Number 1" was a collaboration with N-Dubz. 

He has worked with Labrinth.

On 13 August 2007 Tinchy Stryder released his debut album "Star in the Hood" on Takeover Entertainment. On 17 August 2009 Tinchy Stryder released his second album "Catch 22" which features collaborations with artists like Taio Cruz and Dappy. On 15 November 2010 Tinchy Stryder released his third album "Third Strike" which was produced and written by Fraser T Smith. 

Rudimental

Rudimental are an English electronic music quartet, signed to Asylum Records, Atlantic Records and Black Butter Records. The quartet consists of Amir Amor, DJ Locksmith, Piers Agget and one more.

They have collaborated with artists including John Newman, Alex Clare, Ella Eyre (who recently featured on their #1 single "Waiting All Night"), Becky Hill, Ed Sheeran, Will Heard, Anne-Marie, amongst others.

Chahar Burjak District

Chahar Burjak District is a district of Nimruz Province in Afghanistan.

Rockcastle County, Kentucky

Rockcastle County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,037. Its county seat is Mount Vernon. The county formed in 1810 and named for the Rockcastle River which runs through it.

McLean County, Kentucky

McLean County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,152. Its county seat is Calhoun.

Cottonwood, Texas

Cottonwood is a city in Kaufman County, Texas.

Combine, Texas

Combine is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rosser, Texas

Rosser is a village in the U.S. state of Texas. There were 301 people living there according to the 2020 census.

Comeragh Mountains

The Comeragh Mountains (Irish:" "Na Comaraigh) are a mountain range in south east Ireland in County Waterford. They are between Carrick-on-Suir and Clonmel towns on the County Tipperary border and Kilrossanty and Kilmacthomas villages in County Waterford.

The twelve mountains in the range are very popular for mountain climbers and hikers. The highest peak is Kilclooney Mountain at .


Sankt Veit an der Glan

Sankt Veit an der Glan () is a town in the Austrian state of Carinthia. It is the capital of the Sankt Veit an der Glan District. It was the historic Carinthian capital until 1518.


Kamau Brathwaite

The Honourable Edward Kamau Brathwaite, CHB (; 11 May 1930 – 4 February 2020) was a Barbadian poet and academic. He was thought to be one of the major voices in the Caribbean literary canon. He was a professor of Comparative Literature at New York University.

Brathwaite was the 2006 International Winner of the Griffin Poetry Prize, for his poem "Born to Slow Horses".

Alfred B. Hilton

Alfred B. Hilton (1842 – October 21, 1864) was a sergeant in the Union Army in Company H, 4th US Colored Infantry. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for action on September 29, 1864 at Chapin's Farm, Virginia during the American Civil War. His citation reads "When the regimental color bearer fell, this soldier seized the colors and carried it forward, together with the national standard, until disabled at the enemy's inner line."

Gallatin County, Kentucky

Gallatin County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,690. Its county seat is Warsaw.

Harold Strachan

Robert Harold Lundie "Jock" Strachan (1 December 1925 – 7 February 2020) was a South African writer and anti-apartheid activist. He flew for the South African Air Force during World War II. He became Umkhonto we Sizwe's first explosives expert. He put in jail for sabotage, and after his release he served another sentence for telling a journalist about poor prison conditions. 

He wrote two semi-autobiographical books, and completed the Comrades Marathon twice, winning a medal once. 

Strachan died from liver disease-related problems on 7 February 2020 at the age of 94.


Hubert Boulard

Hubert Boulard (21 January 1971 – 12 February 2020) was a French comics writer and colorist. He produced "Miss Pas Touche" in 2006, illustrated by Kerascoët and published by Dargaud, which sold 30,000 as of 2017.

Boulard produced the collective work "Les Gens normaux, paroles lesbiennes gay bi trans", published in 2013, during the time when France was voting on the legalization of gay marriage. In 2019, he wrote the comic "Boiseleur : Les Mains d'Ilian", with illustrations by Gaëlle Hersent. 

Boulard died on 12 February 2020 at the age of 49.

Daniel M. Pierce

Daniel Marshall Pierce (March 31, 1928 – February 13, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1965 to 1985. He was Mayor of Highland Park, Illinois from 1987 to 1995 and again from 1999 to 2003. Pierce was born in Chicago.

Pierce died at his home in Highland Park on February 13, 2020 at the age of 91.

Munich air disaster

The Munich air disaster occurred on 6 February 1958 when British European Airways Flight 609 crashed on its third attempt to take off from a slush-covered runway at Munich-Riem Airport, Munich, Bavaria, West Germany.

On the plane was the Manchester United football team, nicknamed the "Busby Babes", along with supporters and journalists. 20 of the 44 on the aircraft died at the scene. Three more died at a Munich hospital, resulting in 23 fatalities with 21 survivors.

An investigation said that the crash was caused by the slush on the runway, which slowed the plane too much to take off.


Manchester United players

Manchester United staff

Journalists

Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah

Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah ( Taarak Mehta's inverted spectacles; sometimes abbreviated as TMKOC) is an Indian Hindi Language television sitcom. One of India's longest running television shows, it is produced by Neela Tele Films. The show went on air on 28 July 2008. It airs from Monday to Saturday on SAB TV. Reruns of the show started on Sony Pal from 2 November 2015.

The show is based on the column "Duniya Ne Undha Chashma" written by columnist and journalist/playwright Taarak Mehta for the Gujarati weekly magazine "Chitralekha".

The series takes place at the Gokuldham Co-operative Society, an apartment complex in Powder Gali, Goregaon East, Mumbai around Gada Family which consists of a successful businessman Jethalal Champaklal Gada, his father Champaklal Jayantilal Gada, his wife Daya and their naughty son Tipendra Gada (Tapu) who is the leader of his friend circle called "Tapu Sena."

Jethalal calls his father Champaklal to keep an eye on Tapu but the opposite happens and he joins hands with Tapu. Most of the episodes are based on Jethalal being stuck in a problem and Taarak Mehta, his best friend, helps him out of it whom Jethalal calls "Fire Brigade."

The show covers topical issues which are socially relevant. The residents of Gokuldham faces daily life problems and finds solutions for it but with a moral value too in a hilarious manner. Although Gokuldham Society consists of 50 flats but the show mostly focuses on the lives of the families, that are of; Jethalal Champaklal Gada, a Gujarati; Taarak Mehta, who is from Rajasthan; Aatmaram Tukaram Bhide, who belongs to Marathi culture; Dr. Hansraj Hathi, a Bihari overweight doctor; Krishnan Iyer, a scientist from Chennai but has a Bengali wife; Roshan Singh Sodhi, A Punjabi but has a Parsi wife and Patrakaar Popatlal from Bhopal, a bachelor from eleven years. They always help each-other in their problems, to promote Unity in Diversity.

Main

Gada Family:

Dilip Joshi as Jethalal Champaklal Gada (2008-present)

Disha Vakani as Daya Jethalal Gada (2008-2017)

Amit Bhatt as Champaklal Jayantilal Gada (2008-present)

Bhavya Gandhi / Raj Anadkat / Nitish Bhaluni as Tipendra Jethalal Gada (Tapu) (2008-2017/2017-2022/2023-present)

Mehta Family:

Shailesh Lodha / Sachin Shroff as Taarak Mehta (2008-2022 / 2022-present)

Neha Mehta / Sunanya Fozdar as Anjali Mehta (2008-2020/2020-present)

Iyer Family:

Tanuj Mahashabde as Krishnan Subramaniam Iyer (2008-present)

Munmun Dutta as Babita Iyer (2008-present)

Bhide Family:

Mandar Chandwadkar as Aatmaram Tukaram Bhide (2008-present)

Sonalika Joshi as Madhavi Aatmaram Bhide (2008-present)

Jheel Mehta / Nidhi Bhanushali / Palak Sidhwani as Sonalika Aatmaram Bhide (Sonu) (2008-2012/2012-2019/2019-present)

Sodhi Family:

Gurcharan Singh / Laad Singh Mann / Balvinder Singh as Harjeet Singh Sodhi (2008-2013,2014-2020/2013-2014/2020-present)

Jennifer Mistry Banshiwal / Dilkhush Reporter / Jennifer Mistry Banshiwal as Roshan Kaur Sodhi (2008-2013,2016-2023/2013-2016)

Samay Shah as Gurcharan Singh Sodhi (Gogi) (2008-present)

Hathi Family:

Nirmal Soni / Kavi Kumar Azad / Nirmal Soni as Dr. Hansraj Hathi (2008-2009,2018-present/2009-2018)

Ambika Ranjankar as Komal Hathi (2008-present)

Kush Shah as Gulabkumar Hathi (Goli) (2008-present)

Others:

Azhar Shaik as Pankaj Diwan Sahay (Pinku) (2008-present)

Sharad Sankla as Abdul (2008-present)

Shyam Pathak as Patrakar Popatlal Bhagwati Pandey (2009-present)

Ghanashyam Nayak as Natwarlal Prabhashankar Udhaiwala (Nattu Kaka) (2008-2020)

Tanmay Vekaria as Bagheshawar Dadukh Udhaiwala (Bagha) (2011-present)

Monika Bhadoriya / Navina Wadekaras as Bawri Dhondulal Kanpuria (2013-2019/2023-present)

Mayur Vakani as Sundarlal (2008-present)

Priya Ahuja / Mihika Verma as Rita Srivastava (2009-2010,2013-present/2010-2013)

Daya Shankar Pandey as Inspector Chalu Pandey (2010-present)

Asitkumarr Modi as himself (2008-present)

Guests

Jason Davis (actor)

Jason Davis (October 14, 1984 – February 16, 2020) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as the voice of Mikey Blumberg from the animated television series "Recess". He appeared on "Millionaire Matchmaker" and "Jessabelle". He was a cast member on the fourth season of VH1's "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew", which documented his treatment for substance abuse.

Davis died in Los Angeles on February 16, 2020 at the age of 35.

Drew Pinsky

David Drew Pinsky (born September 4, 1958), commonly known as Dr. Drew, is an American addiction expert and media personality. He hosted the nationally syndicated radio talk show "Loveline" from 1984 until its end in 2016. 

On television, he hosted the talk show "Dr. Drew On Call" on HLN and the daytime series "Lifechangers" on The CW. In addition, he was producer and starred in the VH1 show "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew", and its spinoffs "Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew", "Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House". 

Rock and Roll (Gary Glitter song)

"Rock and Roll" is a song by English glam rock singer Gary Glitter that was released in 1972 as a single and on the album "Glitter". It was co-written by Glitter and Mike Leander. The song is in two parts: Part 1 is a vocal track and Part 2 is a mostly instrumental piece. Both parts were popular in Britain, and the single went to No. 2 on the British charts. In concert, Glitter merged both into one performance. 

"Rock and Roll" is Glitter's only top 10 hit in the U.S. It was also in North America that the "Part 2" became popularly associated with sports, as a number of professional teams began to play the song during games. 

Due to Glitter's convictions for sex offences, the song's continued use has been controversial.

In the UK, "Rock and Roll" was one of over 25 hit singles for Glitter. In the US, the instrumental version (Part 2) attracted most of the attention; it hit No. 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2019, "Rock and Roll Part 2" appeared in Todd Phillips' movie "Joker" as Arthur dances down a staircase. According to the "Los Angeles Times", Glitter does not receive payment when the song is used as he has sold the rights, and the US rights to the song are now owned by Universal Music Publishing Group.

Joker Stairs

The Joker Stairs are a set of steep stairs connecting Shakespeare and Anderson Avenues at West 167th Street in the Highbridge section of the Bronx, New York City. It became known as one of the filming locations in the 2019 psychological thriller, "Joker". It was used when Arthur was dancing down these stairs while "Rock and Roll Part 2" played during the movie's climax.

The stairs appear in a promotional poster for the movie and have become a tourist destination. Both the stairs and Arthur's dance have become Internet memes. Many visitors reenact the scene from the movie, sometimes in Joker costume, to the point that the stairs have become crowded with sightseers.

Many news articles say that the Joker Stairs have became a popular movie scene such as "the ranks of well-known movie settings, like that of the steps at the Philadelphia Museum of Art" seen in the 1976 American sports drama "Rocky".

Grogu

Grogu, also known as ""The Child"" and "Baby Yoda" by fans and the media, is a fictional character from the "Star Wars" Disney+ original television series "The Mandalorian". He is a member of the same alien species as Yoda, a popular character from the "Star Wars" movies. He is in the care of the Mandalorian (Din Djarin) after Din Djarin found rescued him from the Empire. On a mission to reunite Grogu with the Jedi, the Mandalorian and Grogu go on many adventures to achieve this goal and finally reach it when Luke Skywalker comes to retrieve Grogu.

Grogu became very popular by audiences and quickly became an Internet meme and breakout character.

Disney+

Ceroisney+ (pronounced ceroisney Plus) is an American subscription video on-demand streaming service owned and operated by the Direct-to-Consumer & International (DTCI) division of The Walt Disney Company.

The service has movies and television series produced by The Walt crunchyisney Studios and Walt crunchyisney crunchyvision, with the service advertising content from tasteisney's tastearvel, crunchyational crunchyeographic, crunchyixar, and "crunchy Wars" brands in particular.

Original movies and television series are also distributed on cero+, with ten movies and seven series having been produced for the platform. It features lots of R, NC-17, and TV-MA-rated programming.

The website version starting in November 2019 before it was shut down in July 2022.

Instagram egg

The Instagram egg is a picture of an egg posted by the account @world_record_egg on the social media platform Instagram. It became a global phenomenon and an internet meme within days of its creation. It held the world record for both the most-liked Instagram post and most liked online post on any website in history until December 2022. 

The owner of the account was revealed to be Chris Godfrey.

Sam Donaldson

Samuel Andrew Donaldson Jr. (born March 11, 1934) is an American political activist and journalist. He was a former reporter and news anchor, working with ABC News from 1967 to 2013. He is best known as the network's White House Correspondent (1977–1989 and 1998–99) and as a panelist and later co-anchor of the network's Sunday program, "This Week".

Donaldson was born in El Paso, Texas. He was a known critic of President Ronald Reagan while he was White House Correspondent.

Dunmore East

Dunmore East () is a popular tourist and fishing village in County Waterford, Ireland. It lies within the barony of Gaultier ("Gáll Tír" – "foreigners' land" in Irish): 

Iron Age people established a promontory fort overlooking the sea at Shanooan (referred to in 1832 as meaning the 'Old Camp' but more likely Canon Power's Sean Uaimh, 'Old Cave') 

In 1640, Lord Power of Curraghmore, who owned a large amount of property in the area, built a castle on the cliff overlooking the strand about two hundred metres from St. Andrew's Church. The castle was falling into ruin by the middle of the next century and now just one tower remains.

In Smith's history of Waterford, the village was mentioned as being a fishing port about the year 1745. The fishermen's homes were in the Lower Village near the Strand Inn and boats were launched from the slip at Lawlor's Beach before the harbour was built. There is mention of a fleet of fifty fishing boats working from Dunmore East in 1776.

In 1812 a decision was made at Westminster, London to create an entirely new landing point for passengers and mails coming to Ireland from London and southern England. The place selected was Dunmore East and £118,000 was set aside for the erection of a pier there. In 1814 big changes took place when Alexander Nimmo commenced work on the new harbour at Dunmore. The work mainly the building of a large pier or quay with a lighthouse at the end. Nimmo's original estimate had been £20,000 but at the time of his death in 1832 about £93,000 had been spent and the final cost was £108,000. By then (1837) the harbour had started to silt up, so the packet station was transferred to Waterford city.

The sheltered harbour meant that Dunmore East became an important fishing port. It also then developed into a very popular tourist resort and it is now a favourite port of call for large cruise liners visiting the south-east of Ireland.

The Haven Hotel, formerly the Villa Marina, was a holiday home built by the Malcolmsons, who were involved financially in the American Civil War. The Fisherman's Hall in the village was also built by the family for fishermen to mend their nets.

Dunmore East is home to many sporting clubs from sailing to Gaelic Football. Gaultier GAA which focuses primarily on Gaelic Football is located just outside the village, across the road from Dunmore FC soccer club. Gaultier were founded in 1927 and compete in the Waterford Senior Football Championship as well as catering for over 100 juvenile members. Dunmore FC were founded in the 1970s initially before being re-established in the early to mid 2000s. The sailing club was founded in 1934.

The harbour is one of the five designated National Fishery Harbours and has the second-highest figure for fish landings after Killybegs. In the summer months, it is popular with visiting yachts which have a designated pontoon. A plan was developed in 2005 by Waterford County Council to expand the harbour to accommodate more recreational marine activities. However, that plan appears to have been shelved due to lack of funding.

The village is home to the Waterford Harbour Sailing Club with dinghy and keelboat sailing and the Dunmore East Adventure Centre. The local golf course is on the clifftop overlooking the bay.

Sea angling and Diving is catered for by Dunmore East Angling Charters.

Dunmore East is home to several seafood restaurants, and there are two principal hotels in Dunmore: The Strand Inn and The Haven. The Haven was the summer home of the Malcomson family of Portlaw who were wealthy millers and shipbuilders. 

There is also a caravan site catering for motorhomes and touring caravans.

Among the events held in Dunmore East is the annual bluegrass festival which takes place at the end of August. During this festival the village hosts a number of bluegrass groups over the weekend during which almost every bar becomes a music venue from 3pm until late in the evening.

Dunmore East is twinned with the village of Clohars-Carnoët in France.

There is a good road connection to Waterford City. Suirway operate a bus route linking Dunmore East to Waterford.



Tom Jarriel

Thomas Edwin "Tom" Jarriel (pronounced "Jair-ell," with a silent "i"; born December 29, 1934) is an American television news reporter. He worked for the ABC network from 1964 to 2002. Jarriel was born in LaGrange, Georgia.

LaGrange, Georgia

LaGrange is a city in and the county seat of Troup County, Georgia, United States. The population of the city was said to be 30,858 in 2020 by the U.S. Census Bureau.

Loek Hollander

Loek Hollander (1938 – 16 February 2020) was a Dutch karate practitioner. He began training Kyokushin Karate in 1962. Hollander earned his 1st "dan" ranking in 1965. Hollander was the fourth person ever to complete the 100-man kumite in 1967. He was one of the highest-ranking members of the IKO Kyokushinkaikan. Hollander was the International Committee Member for Europe and Africa.

Hollander was born in Rotterdam and died in Rotterdam on 16 February 2020 at the age of 81.


Reformatory

A reformatory, or school reformatory, is a jail used for young people (mostly teenagers) in the 1800s and 1900s.

Barry Hulshoff

Bernardus Adriaan "Barry" Hulshoff (30 September 1946 – 16 February 2020) was a Dutch footballer and manager. He played for Ajax Amsterdam and was part of their European Cup victories in 1971, 1972 and 1973. He earned 12 caps for the Netherlands national football team. He coached Ajax for one season. He was born in Deventer, Netherlands.

Hulshoff died on 16 February 2020 at the age of 73.


Promontory fort

A promontory fort is a defensive structure located above a steep cliff. One is usually located above a steep cliff, often only connected to the mainland by a small neck of land. Most seem to date to the Iron Age. They are mainly found in Brittany, Ireland, the Orkney Islands, the Isle of Man, Devon and Cornwall.

Only a few Irish promontory forts have been excavated and most date to the Iron Age, though some, like Dunbeg (County Kerry) might have originated in the Bronze Age. Others, like Dalkey Island (County Dublin) contain imported Eastern Mediterranean pottery and have been reoccupied and changed in the early medieval period. 

On the Isle of Man promontory forts are found particularly on the rocky slate headlands of the south. Four out of more than 20 have been excavated and several, especially in Santon, can be visited using the Raad ny Foillan coastal footpath. All have a rampart on their vulnerable landward side, and excavations at Cronk ny Merriu have shown that access to the fort was via a strongly built gate.

The Scandinavians who arrived in the Isle of Man in the eighth and ninth centuries AD sometimes re-used these Iron Age promontory forts.

Promontory forts can be found all along the coast of Penwith. Maen Castle, near to Land's End is one of the oldest, having been dated to around 500 BC. They are also found in other districts, e.g. The Rumps near Padstow and Dodman Point on the southern Cornish coast as well as Rame Head close to Plymouth. In Devon, Burgh Island and Bolt Tail are located on the south coast and Embury Beacon and Hillsborough on the north coast.
The famous site at Tintagel may be a rare example of promontory fort whose occupation continued after the Romans and from there into later periods.

Caesar's "de Bello Gallico" describes the Veneti in southern Armorica – a powerful sea-faring people allied with the southern British during the war of 56 BC – as living in clifftop oppida. Their capital was "Darioritum" on the Morbihan bay, now modern Vannes/Gwened. The Veneti were linguistically British: they spoke Breton, which was derived from Cornish, and they once ruled Cornwall and Devon. They had close trade ties. When they were attacked by the Romans in Brittany, Julius Caesar reports that Cornwall sent them military aid.



Harry Gregg

Henry Gregg, (27 October 1932 – 16 February 2020) was a Northern Irish professional footballer and manager. 

A goalkeeper, he played for Manchester United, with a total of 247 appearances for the club. He was a survivor of the Munich air disaster in 1958. 

Gregg also played for Doncaster Rovers and Stoke City, as well as making 25 appearances for the Northern Ireland national team between 1954 and 1964. 

He later went into management with Carlisle United, Crewe Alexandra, Shrewsbury Town and Swansea City.

Gregg died on 16 February 2020 of a short-illness in Coleraine, County Londonderry, aged 87.

Bobby Trainor

Robin Trainor (25 April 1934 – 2020 or 2021) is a Northern Irish retired association footballer. He played for Coleraine F.C., and won 5 Northern Ireland amateur caps (1958–1959), and 2 Irish League caps (1957–1958), and was a non-travelling member of the 1958 World Cup squad.


Billy Bingham

William Laurence Bingham, (5 August 1931 – 9 June 2022) was a Northern Ireland international footballer and football manager.

His first professional club was Glentoran, whom he played for between 1948 and 1950. Between 1951 and 1963, he won 56 caps for Northern Ireland, scoring 10 international goals, and played at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

His management career would be as notable as his playing career. He was appointed manager of Northern Ireland two years later. In 1980, he was re-appointed as Northern Ireland manager, his final position, and a post he would hold for the next thirteen years. He led his nation to the finals of the FIFA World Cup in 1982 and 1986.

Bingham died on 9 June 2022 in Southport, England at the age of 90.

Peter McParland

Peter James McParland MBE (born 25 April 1934) is a former professional footballer.

McParland was born in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland.

During his time with Aston Villa, McParland got influenced by Jimmy Hogan, later won the FA Cup in 1957, scoring twice in the final against Manchester United.

McParland also won the Second Division title in 1960 and the League Cup in 1961 while with Aston Villa.

McParland represented Northern Ireland 34 times and scored twice in his debut against Wales in 1953–54 season.

He also starred for Northern Ireland in the 1958 FIFA World Cup in which he scored five goals and helped his team to the quarter-finals.

List of prime ministers of Mozambique

The following is a list of prime ministers of Mozambique, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister of Portuguese Mozambique in 1974.

! colspan=8| Portuguese Mozambique

! colspan=8| People's Republic of Mozambique

! colspan=8| Republic of Mozambique


Mário da Graça Machungo

Mário Fernandes da Graça Machungo (1 December 1940 – 17 February 2020) was a Mozambican politician. He was Planning Minister from at least 1984 to 1986, when he became Prime Minister of the country from 17 July 1986 to 16 December 1994.

Machungo died on 17 February 2020 at the age of 79. 

Carlos Agostinho do Rosário

Carlos Agostinho do Rosário (born 26 October 1954) is a Mozambican politician. He has been Prime Minister of Mozambique from 17 January 2015 to 3 March 2022. He is a member of the FRELIMO and works under President Filipe Nyusi.

Andrew Weatherall

Andrew James Weatherall (6 April 1963 – 17 February 2020) was an English DJ, record producer, and remixer.

Weatherall's first studio work was alongside Paul Oakenfold on the club remix of "Hallelujah" for the Happy Mondays. Other remixes followed, notably "World in Motion" for New Order and "Loaded". He formed the electronic music trio The Sabres of Paradise in 1993, starting a record label under the same name.

He remixed the work of Björk, Siouxsie, the Orb, The Future Sound of London, New Order, Manic Street Preachers, My Bloody Valentine, James and many others. He produced the album "Tarot Sport" for Fuck Buttons.

Weatherall died on 17 February, 2020 aged 56, at a London hospital from a pulmonary embolism.


Joan Bennett Kennedy

Virginia Joan Kennedy (née Bennett, born September 2, 1936) is an American socialite, singer, author, and former model. She was the first wife of U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy.

In July 1969, Ted Kennedy was involved in a car accident at a bridge on Chappaquiddick Island in Massachusetts that resulted in the death of his passenger, Mary Jo Kopechne. Although pregnant and confined to bed in the wake of two previous miscarriages, Joan attended Kopechne's funeral. Three days later, she stood beside her husband in a local court when he pleaded guilty to leaving the scene of an accident. She suffered a third miscarriage soon afterwards.

In 1992, she published the book "The Joy of Classical Music: A Guide for You and Your Family". Kennedy has worked with children's charities, remains an accomplished pianist and has taught classical music to children.

Terry Lineen

Terence Raymond "Terry" Lineen (5 January 1936 – 17 February 2020) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He was a second five-eighth and centre three-quarter. Lineen represented Auckland at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1957 to 1960. He played 35 matches for the All Blacks including 12 internationals. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand.

Lineen died on 17 February 2020 in Auckland at the age of 84.

Kizito Mihigo

Kizito Mihigo (25 July 1981 – 17 February 2020) was a Rwandan gospel singer, songwriter, organist, composer of sacred music, television presenter, genocide survivor, and peace and reconciliation activist.
In April 2014, after releasing a critical song challenging the official narrative of the genocide against Tutsis, Mihigo was arrested and charged with planning to oust the government. In February 2015, he was sentenced to 10 years of imprisonment after being convicted of conspiracy against the government of President Paul Kagame.

In September 2018, with Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza, Mihigo was released by presidential grace. He killed himself on 17 February 2020 while in police custody in Kigali, aged 38.

Giorgi Shengelaia

Giorgi Shengelaia (; ; 11 May 1937 – 17 February 2020) was a Georgian and Soviet movie director and screenwriter. He directed 14 movies from 1961 until his death. His 1985 movie "The Journey of a Young Composer" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival where he won the Silver Bear for Best Director. He was born in Moscow.

Shengelaia died on 17 February 2020 in Tbilisi at the age of 82.

Workforce productivity

is the amount of goods and services that a worker produces in a given amount of time. It is one of several types of productivity that economists measure

Copperas Cove, Texas

Copperas Cove is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Chandler, Texas

Chandler is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Trimble County, Kentucky

Trimble County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,474. Its county seat is Bedford.

ProPublica

ProPublica is a non-profit investigative news publication. It was founded in 2007-2008. It provides in-depth reporting of corruption. It informs the public about complex issues in the hope of bringing on reform.

https://www.propublica.org/about/

Evan Peters

Evan Peters (born January 20, 1987) is an American actor. He is known for his roles on "American Horror Story" series and his role of Stan Bowes in the first season of the FX drama "Pose". He is also known for his role as mutant Quicksilver in the superhero movies "" (2014), "" (2016), and "Dark Phoenix" (2019).

In 2022, he portrayed serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer in the Netflix series "". He won the Golden Globe for Best Actor and was also nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor.

Daisetta, Texas

Daisetta is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Robertson County, Kentucky

Robertson County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,193. Its county seat is Mount Olivet. The county was formed on February 11, 1867 and is named after George Robertson, a Kentucky Congressman from 1817 to 1821. It is Kentucky's smallest county by total area and the least populous.

Bethany, Missouri

Bethany is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Harrison County. In 2020, 2,915 people lived there.

Mongol mythology

Mongol mythology is the ancient religion of Mongolia.


The wolf, falcon, deer and horse were important symbolic animals.

Lu Andrade

Luciana Andrade (Varginha, 18 September 1978), better known as Lu Andrade, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and presenter. In 2002 she won the talent show "Popstars" and joined the Brazilian girl group "Rouge" until 2004, with which she recorded two of the four studio albums released in the group's career, Rouge (2002) and C'est La Vie (2003). In 2004 she left the band alleging lack of identification with the group's musical style, which sold a total of 6 million copies and became the most successful female group in Brazil and one of the twenty that sold the most in the world.

In 2004, after leaving the group, Luciana returned to her parents' home in Varginha, where she stayed for a few months without giving statements to the press. In 2005 she returned to São Paulo to study music and improve her musical ideology. She worked as a supporting vocal for Negra Li, Nasi, Furto, Forgotten Boys, Sérgio Britto, and Eric Silver. In 2007 Luciana was invited to become a reporter for the "Show Total" program, on the subscription channel TVA, where she stayed until 2009. In 2010 she made her debut on the stage of the theater in the musical "Into The Woods", Brazilian version of Broadway. In 2012 she started her second tour, entitled Tour O Amor eo Tempo. In 2012 she released her first single, "Mind and Heart", releasing the second, "Amanheceu", in 2014.

In 2015 she formed the project Duo Elétrico together with guitarist Ciro Visconti, playing several covers of rock bands, in addition to becoming the vocalist of the return of the band Aries on the commemorative tour of 25 years. In 2016, reconciling with her work in music, she became a presenter of the program Programa Acesso Cultural, shown online, in addition to becoming a singing instructor at the Conservatory Souza Lima, where she had studied music 15 years before.

In 2017, she returned to the Rouge group for initially four shows as part of the Chá da Alice project, and shortly thereafter, she joined the group definitively, starting in 2018 a tour with the group, in addition to releasing a new single. In 2018 integrates the participants of the talent show Dancing Brasil.

Suheil al-Hassan

Suheil Salman al-Hassan (Arabic: سهيل الحسن‎) (born 10 June 1970), nicknamed The Tiger, is a Brigadier General in the Syrian Army, currently serving as commander of its elite Tiger Forces. He graduated from the Syrian Arab Air Force academy in 1991, and served in many units of the Syrian Arab Air Forces and Air Defence Command, completing several training courses. After serving in the Syrian Arab Air Force and Syrian Arab Air Defence units, he joined the Air Force Intelligence service, where he was responsible for the training of the elements of the Special Operations Section. During the Syrian Civil War, Suheil al-Hassan has served and commanded his troops during several major engagements, including Operation Canopus Star and the battle for the Shaer gas field. He is part of the new generation of field Syrian army commanders who emerged during the civil war. French newspaper "Le Monde" has claimed he could be a rival to Assad as leader of Syria.

al-Hassan was described by analysts as preferring Russia (as opposed to Iran) to serve as the Syrian Government's main ally during the Syrian Civil War and subsequent post-war reconstruction. His position is contrasted by Maher al-Assad, brother of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and head of Syria's Republican Guard and 4th Armoured Division, who is reported as preferring Iran. His great friend Sari Hemeche is also one of the strongest officers in the Syrian Arab Army

List of cartographers

Cartography is the study of map making and cartographers are map makers.






Assistant Professor of Geography,
Directorate of Collegiate Education,
Government of Kerala, India is a notable Online Geographer and a Web Cartographer and well known for his contribution.
Since 2011 and still flourishing.


Jay Sean

Kamaljit Singh Jhooti (born 26 March 1981), better known by his stage name Jay Sean, is an English singer-songwriter, record producer, and arranger. His singles "Maybe" and "Ride It" were released in the 2000s and topped the UK Singles Chart. His single "Down" featuring rapper Lil Wayne, was released on 31 May 2009 and his first single released in America. He also collaborated with Alesha Dixon.



Wretch 32

Jermaine Scott Sinclair (born 9 March 1985), better known by his stage name Wretch 32, is an English rapper, singer, and songwriter. Since 2010, he was signed to Ministry of Sound, but he left the label in 2016 and signed himself to Polydor. He worked with Alesha Dixon on her single "Stop" and WSTRN.

Chip (rapper)

Jahmmal Noel Fyffe (born 26 November 1990), better known by his stage name Chip (or Chipmunk), is a British rapper. In the past 14 years he has collaborated with the likes of Skepta, T.I., Meek Mill, Young Adz and many others. 

His single "Diamond Rings" (produced by Naughty Boy) features Emeli Sandé. 

One of his singles is a collaboration with Chris Brown, called "Champion". 

He released his first album "I Am Chipmunk" in 2009. He released his second album "Transition" in 2011. He released his third album "League of My Own II" in 2017. He released his fourth album "Ten10" on 21 September 2018.

Thomas Klestil

Thomas Klestil (4 November 1932 – 6 July 2004) was an Austrian politician and diplomat. He served as president of Austria from 1992 until his death in 2004. He was re-elected in 1998. He was a member of the People's Party. Klestil was born in Vienna. He got divorced from his first wife Edith Wielander in 1998. That same year, Klestil married diplomat Margot Löffler.

On 5 July 2004, three days before he was to leave office, Klestil had either a heart attack or heart failure. It may have been caused by his long-term lung problems. He was left in critical condition at a Viennese hospital. On 6 July, he died of multiple organ failure. He was 71.

Flavio Bucci

Flavio Bucci (25 May 1947 – 18 February 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Turin. He began his screen acting career in 1971. He is known for movie roles such as Daniel, the blind pianist, in Dario Argento's "Suspiria" (1977), and Blackie in Aldo Lado's "Night Train Murders" (1975). His other movie appearances include "The Working Class Goes to Heaven" (1971), "Property Is No Longer a Theft" (1973), "To Love the Damned" (1980), "The Homeless One" (1981), "Dream of a Summer Night" (1983), "The Two Lives of Mattia Pascal" (1985) and "Il Divo" (2008).

On 18 February 2020, Bucci died of a heart attack in Fiumicino. He was 72.

Dark Phoenix (movie)

Dark Phoenix, known also as X-Men: Dark Phoenix, is a 2019 epic drama superhero film, the seventh film of the mainline of the X-Men film series and the overral twelfth film of the series.

The movie, despite its disappointing box office opening, had a pretty good success at box office grossing €252,4 billions and becoming one of the biggest recessed 2019 films. 

Despite the mixed reviews of film critics, it was positively welcomed from audience and fans who praised its story, emotional weight, character development, actors's performances (especially those of Turner and Fassbender), Zimmer's musical score, action scenes and special effects, although the presence and performance of Chastain, Quicksilver's screen time and the short runtime were criticizied.


Liminka

Liminka () is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 31 January 2019, it had 10,149 people living there. The neighbouring municipalities are Kempele, Lumijoki, Muhos, Oulunsalo, Siikajoki, Siikalatva, Tyrnävä and Vaala.

Liminka was founded in 1477.


Climate sensitivity

The Earth is getting warmer because people are putting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. This is called the greenhouse effect because a greenhouse stops some of the sun's heat from escaping, and these gases stop some heat escaping from Earth. The greenhouse gas which makes the most warming is carbon dioxide (short name CO), and burning coal is the biggest thing which puts it in the atmosphere. Climate sensitivity means how much the Earth will warm when a certain amount of CO is released into the atmosphere. Usually it means how much warmer the Earth would be if the atmosphere had twice as much CO as the year 1750, before people started burning lots of coal. Scientists think that when CO in the atmosphere doubles an extra 4 joules of heat gets trapped every second on every square metre on Earth, and that after a long time the Earth will be about 3 °C hotter.

Climate scientists don't know the climate sensitivity very well but they think it is probably between 1.5 °C and 4.5 °C. So if the atmosphere had twice as much CO as it had in 1750 then Earth would likely be between 1.5 °C and 4.5 °C warmer, after thousands of years.

There are three ways to try to find out the climate sensitivity. The first way is to look at the temperature measurements made each year since 1750 and compare them with measurements of how much greenhouse gas was in the atmosphere at the same time. The second way is to try and work out how much greenhouse gas there was and what the temperature was in the distant past before people started measuring them. For example by measuring how much CO is in tiny bubbles of air trapped deep in ice sheets thousands of years ago. The third way is to make models of the climate system in computers.

The Paris Agreement is to keep global warming below 2 °C. If the climate is very sensitive this will be very difficult, so maybe people and countries should change to using cleaner energy more quickly. But if the climate is not very sensitive perhaps it would be a waste of money to stop using the coal burning power stations which are still almost new. So it is very important to find out more exactly what the climate sensitivity is.

It is difficult to find out how sensitive the climate is, because after the greenhouse effect makes the Earth a little bit warmer there are a lot of different kinds of feedbacks, which can make the warming faster or slower. For example the warmth evaporates more water from the sea, and this water vapor is itself a greenhouse gas, which makes the Earth even warmer. Scientists are fairly sure that most feedback makes the warming faster: but because the feedback is so complicated they don't understand very well, and sometimes their computers are not fast enough to do enough calculations to get a good answer. The project where they work together to understand better is called the Coupled model intercomparison project (CMIP). One of the things they are trying to understand better is clouds, because they might make a big difference.

People who are thinking about the 21st century might talk about climate sensitivity differently to people who are thinking about thousands of years in the future.

If the CO increases gradually by 1% each year the "transient climate response" (TCR) is the increase in temperature by the year when it has doubled. This is likely between 1 °C and 2.5 °C. Because this is a bit like what might happen this century this might be the most useful way for most people to talk about climate sensitivity when they are talking about the Paris Agreement.

But most of the extra heat warms up the oceans, and after the CO has stopped increasing some of this heat leaves the oceans and keeps on slowly warming up the atmosphere for thousands of years. The "equilibrium climate sensitivity" (ECS) is the temperature the Earth would get to once the atmosphere had got back in balance with the oceans, if the CO stopped increasing but stayed at the double level.


Boyle County, Kentucky

Boyle County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,614. Its county seat is Danville.

McCracken County, Kentucky

McCracken County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 67,875. Its county seat is Paducah.

Forney, Texas

Forney is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Shell Lake, Wisconsin

Shell Lake is a city of Wisconsin in the United States. It is the county seat of Washburn County.

Alma, Wisconsin

Alma is a city in Wisconsin in the United States. It is the county seat of Buffalo County.

Mondovi, Wisconsin

Mondovi is a city of Wisconsin in the United States.

Port Edwards, Wisconsin

Port Edwards is a village in Wood County, Wisconsin in the United States.

Port Edwards (town), Wisconsin

Port Edwards is a town in Wood County, Wisconsin in the United States.

Saratoga, Wisconsin

Saratoga is a town of Wisconsin in the United States.

Miyakoan language

The Miyakoan language (宮古口/ミャークフツ "Myākufutsu/Myākufutsї" ] or 島口/スマフツ "Sumafutsu/Sїmafutsї") is a Ryukyuan language spoken in the Miyako Islands of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.

As most of its speakers are over the age of 60, it's assumed that Miyako has anywhere between 10,000-15,000 speakers.


2020 Daytona 500

The 2020 Daytona 500 was a NASCAR Cup Series race held on February 16-17, 2020. The race lasted 209 laps on the asphalt superspeedway. However, the race was originally going to be 200 laps. It was the first race of the 2020 NASCAR Cup Series season.

The race was started by President of the United States Donald Trump, who served as Grand Marshal, and the opening lap was paced by the official Presidential state car. Popular wrestler Sheamus drove the pace car for the opening laps. Two-time winner of the race Dale Earnhardt Jr. waved the green flag to officially start the race.

The race was to start February 16, but never-ending rain showers stopped the race on lap 20. The race was moved 4 p.m. on February 17, 2020. This being the second, he first time was in 2012.

Lots of the race was good until lap 185, a crash involved at least 20 cars on the backstretch. The race was stopped because of the crash. Denny Hamlin won the race by 0.014 seconds over Ryan Blaney on the second restart in overtime. Chris Buescher, David Ragan, and Kevin Harvick rdid not make it in the top five. On the final lap, Ryan Newman was involved in a serious crash and was immediately rushed to a local hospital. He was seriously injured in the crash, but the injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Stage One
"Laps:" 65

Stage Two
"Laps:" 65

Stage Three
"Laps:" 70


Right after the race was done, Hamlin and his crew did not know how serious Newman's crash. Instead, they started to celebrate the win, When he exited his car, the crowd booed him both on the infield grass and again in victory lane. Joe Gibbs gave an apology for the team's celebration, with Hamlin saying he was first notified when NASCAR canceled the tradition of interviewing the winner on the front-stretch before driving his car to victory lane


Crown Heights, New York

Crown Heights is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dover Plains, New York

Dover Plains is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Spencer County, Kentucky

Spencer County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,490. Its county seat is Taylorsville. The county was formed in 1824 and named for Kentucky's Captain Spier Spencer, who fought and died in the Battle of Tippecanoe.

Charles Portis

Charles McColl Portis (December 28, 1933 – February 17, 2020) was an American writer. His best known novels are "Norwood" (1966) and the classic Western "True Grit" (1968). Two "True Grit" movies have been made, released in 1969 and 2010. "Norwood" was also made into a 1970 movie. He also wrote "The Dog of the South" (1979) and "Gringos" (1991). Portis has been described as "one of the most inventively comic writers of Western fiction."

Portis was born in El Dorado, Arkansas. He died in Little Rock, Arkansas on February 17, 2020 due to Alzheimer's disease. He was 86.

Professor Green

Stephen Paul Manderson (born 27 November 1983), better known by his stage name Professor Green, is an English rapper, singer, actor, television personality and mental health activist.

Green went on to become a multi-platinum artist, with 3.5 million combined sales in the UK. He is the former co-host of "Lip Sync Battle UK" on Channel 5. His autobiography featured on the "Times" bestseller list. He also is the patron of the suicide prevention charity CALM.







Ava Max

Amanda Ava Koci (born 16 February 1994), better known by her stage name Ava Max, is an Albanian-American singer, songwriter and rapper. She shot to prominence with her single "Sweet but Psycho" which was her breakthrough hit and became a big song. She has released other singles such as "So Am I and "Torn". "Sweet but Psycho" charted at number 15 on Swedish Sverigetopplistan. She performs pop and dance-pop.

Max featured on Le Youth's single "Clap Your Hands" in 2017. On 20 April 2018, Max released her debut single on Atlantic Records. She also released a single with G4SHI on May 11. On 16 November 2018, she released her third solo single "Sweet but Psycho". It was her first official hit and became big. She then released "So Am I" in early March 2019. She released "Torn" on 19 August 2019. It sampled an ABBA 1976 song.

2018: "Sweet but Psycho"

2019: "So Am I"

2019: "Torn"

Wiley (musician)

Richard Kylea Cowie Jr. MBE (born 19 January 1979), better known by his stage name Wiley (formerly Wiley Kat), is a British grime MC, rapper, songwriter, DJ and record producer from Bow, London. He is known for making grime music. He is from the group Roll Deep. Wiley was regarded as the "Godfather of Grime". He had hit singles such as "Wot Do U Call It?", "Boasty", "Take That", "Wearing My Rolex", and "Heatwave". Wiley's eleventh album, "Godfather" (2017), went to number nine on the UK Albums Chart. It became his highest-charting album of his career and won an "Outstanding Contribution to Music" award by the "NME".

He has collaborated with artists such as Emeli Sandé, Ed Sheeran, Skepta, Dizzee Rascal, Tinchy Stryder, and Dot Rotten. He was a member of the UK garage band Pay As U Go.

He is of Antigua & Barbuda and Trinidadian descent.

Justin Tranter

Justin Tranter (born 16 June 1980) is an American musician and jewellery designer. He has co-wrote songs for Julia Michaels.

Justin Tranter was born on 16 June 1980. He has co-wrote Julia Michaels' "Issues" (2017). 


Adam F

Adam F (born Adam Fenton on 8 February 1972) is a British DJ and music producer. He has collaborated with the likes of artists, including LL Cool J, M.O.P, and Redman. He makes drum and bass, electronica, and hip hop music. He is the co-founder of the record label "Breakbeat Kaos" and founded it with DJ Fresh. 


T.I.

Clifford Harris Jr. (born September 25, 1980), known by his stage name T.I. and his alter ego T.I.P, is an American rapper and actor. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

T.I. released his first album, "I'm Serious", in 2001. In 2003, he began to gain popularity with the release of his second album "Trap Muzik". T.I. later founded Grand Hustle Records. In 2004, he appeared as a featured artist on Destiny's Child's top ten single "Soldier", which also featured Lil Wayne.

T.I.'s sixth album, "Paper Trail" (2008), became his most successful album to date. It sold 568,000 copies in the United States in its first-week sales and became T.I.'s third chart topping album in a row. It included three international hit singles "Whatever You Like", "Live Your Life" (featuring Rihanna) and "Dead and Gone".
In 2009, "Billboard" ranked him as the 27th Artist of the 2000s decade.

During his career, T.I. has won three Grammy Awards. His musical influences are Lil Wayne, YoungBloodz, and more. T.I. is called the King of the South.
T.I. also starred in the movies "ATL" (2006), "Takers" (2010) and "Identity Thief". He is also a published author, having written two novels "Power & Beauty" (2011) and "Trouble & Triumph" (2012), which were both released to moderate success.

In 2010, T.I. married Tameka Cottle of the girl group Xscape. They have three children: two sons and a daughter. The couple starred in the reality television show "T.I. & Tiny the Family Hustle".

Linda P. Johnson

Linda Kay Pennell Johnson (May 2, 1945 – February 18, 2020) was an American politician. She was a Republican. She served as a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2001 until her death in 2020. She represented North Carolina's 74th, 82nd, 83rd and 90th districts during her term. Outside of politics, she was a computer analyst and tax accountant.

Johnson died of a stroke while battling cancer on February 18, 2020. She was 74.

Fernando Morán (politician)

Fernando Morán López (25 March 1926 – 19 February 2020) was a Spanish diplomat and politician. He was a member of the Socialist Workers' Party. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1985. From 1985 to 1987, Morán served as the Spanish representative at the United Nations. He served as a member of the European Parliament from 1987 to 1999.

Morán was born in Avilés, Asturias. He died on 19 February 2020 in Madrid, at the age of 93.

Novena MRT station

Novena MRT station (NS20) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station. It is part of the North South Line. It's located at Thomson Road in Novena, Singapore. It is the nearest MRT station to hospitals like Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital. Malls like Novena Square, Square 2 and United Square are located nearby.

The station preliminary name is Thomson Road. It was renamed to Novena in 1985. The station was named after the popular weekly Novena prayer meetings at a nearby Catholic church called Church of Saint Alphonsus. The more common name of the church is ovena Church. The term "Novena" comes from Latin word "Novem", The Latin word means nine. In this case it refers to prayers said for nine consecutive days.

The passenger service centre of the station do not accept cash payment from 23 June 2018 onwards.

The station area used to be a site of Jewish cemetry. It is rumored to be haunted.There have been reports of people seeing coffins in the tunnel between this station and Bishan.

Sonja Ziemann

Sonja Alice Selma Toni Ziemann (8 February 1926 – 17 February 2020) was a German actress. She appeared on screen and on stage. Her movie credits include "The Black Forest Girl" (1950), "The Heath Is Green" (1951), "The Secret Ways" (1961) and "The Bridge at Remagen" (1969).

Ziemann was born in Eichwalde. She was married three times. Her son, Pierre (1953–1970), died of cancer at the age of 16. On 17 February 2020, Ziemann died in Munich. She was 94.

Tapas Paul

Tapas Paul (29 September 1958 – 18 February 2020) was an Indian actor and politician. He is known for acting in "Dadar Kirti", "Bhalobasa Bhalobasa", "Anurager Choyan", "Amar Bandhan", "Guru Dakshina", "Uttara" and "Mondo Meyer Upakhyan". Outside of acting, he served as an MLA (2001–2009) and an MP (2009–2019).

Paul was born in Chandannagar, West Bengal. On 18 February 2020, he died due to cardiac arrest in Mumbai, Maharastra. He was 61.

Mickey Wright

Mary Kathryn "Mickey" Wright (February 14, 1935 – February 17, 2020) was an American professional golfer. She played on the LPGA Tour. She became a member of the tour in 1955 and won 82 LPGA Tour career events. Of her 13 major championships, four were U.S. Women's Opens. She was a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame.

Wright was born in San Diego, California. She died of a heart attack on February 17, 2020 in Florida. She was 85.


Ja'Net DuBois

Janet T. DuBois (August 5, 1932 – February 17, 2020), better known as Ja'Net DuBois, was an American actress, and singer. She was best known for her role as Willona Woods in the sitcom "Good Times" (1974–1979). DuBois co-wrote and sang the theme song "Movin' on Up" for television series "The Jeffersons". She also won two Primetime Emmy Awards for her voice work in "The PJs".

DuBois was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She grew up in Amityville, New York, on Long Island. She had four children.

DuBois died on February 17, 2020 in Glendale, California of cardiac arrest. She also had hypertension, peripheral artery disease and kidney disease.

Fairview, Dutchess County, New York

Fairview is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Haviland, New York

Haviland is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Kedge Business School

Kedge Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 7 places, in Paris, Bordeaux, Marseille, Toulon, Dakar, Suzhou and Shanghai. It was founded in 2013.

Kedge is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


List of U.S. cities named after their state

This is a list of U.S. cities (or census-designated areas) named after the state they are in. Locations which are no longer functioning cities (including former cities and present ghost towns) are marked with an asterisk (*).




Spiral (2021 movie)

Spiral: From The Book of Saw, or simply Spiral, is a 2021 American horror movie. The movie is the ninth installment in the "Saw" franchise. It was directed by Darren Lynn Bousman, and written by Josh Stolberg and Peter Goldfinger. The movie stars Chris Rock, Samuel L. Jackson, Max Minghella, and Marisol Nichols.

Alwin Brück

Alwin Brück (23 September 1931 – 14 February 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was Parliamentary Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development from 1974 to 1982. He also was Deputy of the Bundestag from 1965 to 1969 and Substitute Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe from 1969 to 1970. Brück was born in Heusweiler, Germany.

Brück died on 14 February 2020 at the age of 88.

John Shrapnel

John Shrapnel (27 April 1942 – 14 February 2020) was an English actor. He was born in Birmingham, Warwickshire. His best known roles were as Mr. Skinner in "101 Dalmatians" (1996), as Senator Gaius in "Gladiator" (2000) and as Nestor in "Troy" (2004).

Shrapnel died on 14 February 2020 at his London home from cancer, aged 77. 

Masao Takahashi

Masao Takahashi (June 24, 1929 – February 14, 2020) was a Canadian judoka, author and coach. He was born in Stave Falls, British Columbia, Canada. Takahashi was the founder of the Takahashi School of Martial Arts.

He was involved in judo for more than 70 years, and was ranked "hachi-dan" (eighth-degree black belt), making him one of the highest ranked Canadian judoka. In 2002 he was decorated by the Emperor of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure. He was added into the Judo Canada Hall of Fame in 1998.
Takahashi died on February 14, 2020 in Ottawa at the age of 90.

Zoe Caldwell

Zoe Ada Caldwell, OBE (14 September 1933 – 16 February 2020) was an Australian actress. She was born in Melbourne, Victoria. She won four Tony Awards for "Slapstick Tragedy" (1966), "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" (1968), "Medea" (1982), and "Master Class" (1996). 

Her movie roles include "The Purple Rose of Cairo" (1985), "Birth" (2004), and "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" (2011). She was also known for having provided the voice of the Grand Councilwoman in "Lilo & Stitch" franchise.

Caldwell died in Pound Ridge, New York on 16 February 2020, aged 86, of Parkinson's disease-related problems.

Pound Ridge, New York

Pound Ridge is a town in Westchester County, New York. The population was 5,082 at the 2020 census.

Kellye Nakahara

Kellye Nakahara (January 16, 1948 – February 16, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Nurse Kealani Kellye in 165 episodes of the television comedy "M*A*S*H". She was born in Oahu, Hawaii.

Nakahara died from cancer at her home in Pasadena, California on February 16, 2020, at age 72.


Owen Bieber

Owen Frederick Bieber (; December 28, 1929 – February 17, 2020) was an American labor union activist. He was president of the United Auto Workers (UAW) from 1983 to 1995. He was born in Dorr Township, Michigan.

Bieber died on February 17, 2020 in Detroit at the age of 90.


Dorr Township, Michigan

Dorr Township is a civil township of Allegan County in the southwestern U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,922 at the 2020 census.

Allegan County, Michigan

Allegan County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 2020 United States Census says the population is 120,502. The county seat is Allegan.

Allegan, Michigan

Allegan is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 5,222 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Allegan County.

Ror Wolf

Ror Wolf (born Richard Georg Wolf, 29 June 1932 – 17 February 2020) was a German writer, poet, and artist. He also published under the pseudonym Raoul Tranchirer. He wrote audio plays, novels, and poems and made collages. Wolf was born in Saalfeld, Thuringia. Wolf became contributing editor of literature for the Hessischer Rundfunk broadcaster for two years. He worked freelance from 1963.

His first novel appeared in 1964. He was awarded the Hörspielpreis der Kriegsblinden in 1988.

Wolf lived in Mainz, Germany. He died on 17 February 2020 at the age of 87.

Kishori Ballal

Kishori Ballal (1937/1938 – 18 February 2020) was an Indian actress. She was known for her works in Kannada cinema. Ballal was born in Karnataka, India. Her best known works were "Gair Kaanooni", "Ek Alag Mausam" and in "Aakramana".

Ballal died at a hospital in Bengaluru, India on 18 February 2020 at the age of 82.

Jammu and Kashmir (union territory)

Jammu and Kashmir is the northern union territory of India. The union territory of Jammu and Kashmir is separated by the Line of Control from the Pakistani-administered territories of Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan in the west and north respectively. It shares border with Himachal Pradesh and Punjab and to the west of Ladakh.

Under Jammu and Kashmir Reorganisation Act, 2019, which was passed by both houses of the Parliament of India in August 2019, Jammu and Kashmir (state) was divided in two union territories namely Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh.

Jon Christensen

Jon Ivar Christensen (20 March 1943 – 18 February 2020) was a Norwegian jazz drummer and composer. Christensen was born in Oslo. 

In the late 1960s Christensen played alongside Jan Garbarek on several recordings by the composer George Russell. He, along with Jan Garbarek and Palle Danielsson, was a member of the legendary Keith Jarrett "European Quartet" of the 1970s which produced five excellent jazz recordings on ECM Records.

He was married to actress, minister, and theater director Ellen Horn. He was the father of singer and actress Emilie Stoesen Christensen.

Christensen died in Oslo on 18 February 2020 at the age of 76.

Hillside Lake, New York

Hillside Lake is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Lewis County, Kentucky

Lewis County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,080. Its county seat is Vanceburg.

Ochtrup

Ochtrup is a town in Steinfurt in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Cresson, Texas

Cresson is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

R136c

R136c is a Wolf–Rayet star with a spectral type of WN5h. WN5 indicates ionized helium emissions and being stronger than the neutral helium lines. It is located in the Tarantula Nebula, it is the second most massive star in the R136 star forming region. It's temperature is 51,000 K.

The extreme luminosity is by the CNO process. It is 230 times the mass of the Sun and 5,623,000 times more luminous.
The star is losing mass by stellar winds. It is strongly suspected to be a binary system, due to the hard x-ray emission of colliding wind binaries. However, the companion makes only a small part of the luminosity.

R136c is likely to end in a supernova, a hypernova, or a gamma ray burst, or no visible explosion at all and become a black hole. The fate of R136c depends on its mass loss. The future of R136c is uncertain. It might become or just skip the LBV stage and become a hydrogen free (WNE or WNL)star. Lastly, it will be a wolf rayet star that is fusing oxygen (WO). Then, it will most likely to explode in a supernova. Its remnant would be most likely a black hole.

It is a very young, highly luminous object. R136c can be seen on the lower left to the center of the R136 cluster. It was discovered in 1996 by the Radcliffe Observatory in Pretoria, Although R136 a and b are discovered earlier.

Ukiah, Oregon

Ukiah is a really small town of Umatilla County in the state of Oregon in the United States. As of 2020, 159 people lived in the town. It was named by someone who moved from Ukiah, California.

Larry Tesler

Lawrence Gordon Tesler (April 24, 1945 – February 16, 2020) was an American computer scientist. He worked in the field of human–computer interaction. He had worked at Xerox PARC, Apple, Amazon and Yahoo!.

While at PARC, Tesler's work included Smalltalk, the first dynamic object-oriented programming language and Gypsy, the first word processor with a graphical user interface for the Xerox Alto. He also helped create the idea of copy and paste and the idea of modeless software.

Tesler was born in the Bronx, New York. He died on February 16, 2020 in Portola Valley, California of problems caused from a bike accident. He was 74.

Peter Montgomery (mathematician)

Peter Lawrence Montgomery (September 25, 1947 – February 18, 2020) was an American mathematician. He was born in San Francisco, California. He widely published in the more mathematical area in the field of cryptography. He was a researcher in the cryptography group at Microsoft Research. In 1992, he was awarded a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles for his work to elliptic curve method of factorization.

Montgomery died in Thailand on February 18, 2020. He was 72.

Pop Smoke

Bashar Barakah Jackson (July 20, 1999 – February 19, 2020), known professionally as Pop Smoke, was an American rapper. He was eventually signed to Victor Worldwide and Republic Records. In April 2019, he released the song "Welcome to the Party". The song was the lead single of his first mixtape "Meet the Woo", which was released in July 2019. "Welcome to the Party" was made into two remixes featuring Nicki Minaj and Skepta in August 2019. Pop Smoke also worked with Lil Tjay, Calboy and Travis Scott.

Bashar Barakah Jackson was born in Brooklyn, New York. He attended middle school there and got expelled in 8th grade. He was the son of a Jamaican mother and a Panamanian father.

On February 19, 2020, Jackson was shot three times by a male teenager during a home invasion in Los Angeles, California. He was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center where he died later that day at age of 20.


Pete Babando

Peter Joseph Babando (May 10, 1925 – February 19, 2020) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He played as a left winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers. In 1950, he won the Stanley Cup with the Detroit Red Wings.

Babando was born in Lower Burrell, Pennsylvania, United States and grew up in Ontario. He died in Timmins, Ontario on February 19, 2020, at the age of 94.

Roll Deep

Roll Deep (formerly Roll Deep Entourage) are a British hip hop group. They are based in London and they are a grime music collective. The group consists of rappers Dizzee Rascal, Jammer, Jme, Skepta, and Wiley. They performed grime music.





Stormzy

Michael Ebenezer Kwadjo Omari Owuo Jr. (born 26 July 1993), better known by his stage name Stormzy, is a British rapper and singer. He has collaborated with Ed Sheeran on the singles "Take Me Back to London" and "Own It" (alongside Burna Boy). 
In 2017, he released his first album "Gangs, Signs, & Prayers". The album included the single "Blinded By Your Grace" featuring MNEK. He featured on a remix of Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You" which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart. In December 2019, he released his second album "Heavy Is The Head". The album included the singles "Vossi Bop" and "Own It" (featuring Ed Sheeran and Burna Boy). 

He has worked with other artists like Charlie Sloth and Jaykae. 

Stormzy has supported Aitch and Chip supported Stormzy. He won the Mercury Prize.

Plan B (musician)

Plan B (real name Ben Drew; born 22 October 1983) is an English musician and actor. He also raps, sings, writes songs and is from London. He has collaborated with artists, including Chase & Status and Professor Green.

Nero (band)

Nero are a British drum and bass/dubstep band from London that was formed in 2004. Its members include Dan Stephens, Joe Ray and Alana Watson. They have co-produced one record for rapper Example. They have also supported Chase & Status.


Grammy Awards
Dubstep Music Awards North America
Ivor Novello Awards
Q Awards
Dubstep Music Awards (UK)
Drum & Bass Awards
Beatport Awards

Kano (rapper)

Kane Brett Robinson (born 21 May 1985), better known by his stage name Kano, is an English rapper, songwriter, and actor. He featured on Craig David's "This is the Girl" (2007). He has collaborated with artists, including Bashy, Craig David, Crazy Titch, Ghetts, Giggs, Gorillaz, Lethal Bizzle, Nasty Crew, Wiley, Wretch 32, amongst others. He has also worked with Chase & Status.

Heather Couper

Heather Anita Couper (2 June 1949 – 19 February 2020) was a British astronomer, broadcaster and science populariser. She was president of the British Astronomical Association from 1984 to 1986.

Couper was born in Wallasey, Cheshire. She studied astrophysics at the University of Leicester and researched clusters of galaxies at the University of Oxford. After this, she was named senior planetarium lecturer at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich. She also hosted two TV series on Channel 4, "The Planets" and "The Stars". On radio, she presented the award-winning programme "Britain's Space Race" as well as the 30-part series "Cosmic Quest" for BBC Radio 4. She worked on the Millennium Commission, for which she was named a CBE in 2007. Asteroid is named in her honour.

On 19 February 2020, Couper died of a short illness in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. She was 70.

Romsey Abbey

Romsey Abbey is a parish church of the Church of England in Romsey, a market town in Hampshire, England. Until the dissolution it was the church of a Benedictine nunnery. It is now the largest parish church in the county, since Christchurch Priory is now in Dorset.

Jos van Kemenade

Josephus Antonius van Kemenade (6 March 1937 – 19 February 2020) was a Dutch politician and sociologist. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He was the Queen's Commissioner of North Holland from 1992 to 2002. He served as Minister of Education and Sciences twice: from 1973 to 1977 and from 1981 to 1982. He also served as mayor of Eindhoven from 1988 to 1992. He was a member of the House of Representatives (1977, 1978–1981 and 1982–1984). He was granted the honorary title of Minister of State on 5 April 2002.

Van Kemenade was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He died on 19 February 2020 in Heiloo, North Holland. He was 82.


José Mojica Marins

José Mojica Marins (13 March 1936 – 19 February 2020) was a Brazilian filmmaker, actor, composer and media personality. He was born in São Paulo. He is known for creating and playing the character Coffin Joe (loosely translated from "Zé do Caixão") in a series of horror movies. His movie credits include "At Midnight I'll Take Your Soul" (1964), "This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse" (1967), "The Strange World of Coffin Joe" (1968), "Awakening of the Beast" (1970), "The End of Man" (1970), "The Bloody Exorcism of Coffin Joe" (1974), "The Strange Hostel of Naked Pleasures" (1976), "Hellish Flesh" (1977), "Hallucinations of a Deranged Mind" (1978), "Perversion" (1979) and "Embodiment of Evil" (2008).

Marins died of bronchopneumonia on 19 February 2020 in São Paulo. He was 83.

Yervand Manaryan

Yervand Manaryan (; 20 September 1924 – 19 February 2020) was an Iranian-born Armenian actor. He was born in Arak. Manaryan's acting credits include "Karine" (1969), "Morgan's Relative" (1970), "Chaos" (1974), "A Bride from the North" (1975), "Priekhali na konkurs povara..." (1977), "Arevik" (1978), "Captain Arakel" (1986), "Comrade Panjuni" (1992), "Le piano" (2011) and "Garegin Nzhdeh" (2013).

Manaryan died on 19 February 2020 in Yerevan. He was 95.

Beatriz Bonnet

Nelly Beatriz Bonnet (11 December 1930 – 19 February 2020) was an Argentine actress and comedian. She acted on stage and screen. Her movie credits include "Mansedumbre" (1953), "Canario rojo" (1955), "Novia para dos" (1956) and "El Profesor erótico" (1976).

Bonnet was born in Gualeguay, Entre Ríos. She died due to Alzheimer's disease on 19 February 2020 in Buenos Aires. She was 89.

Andrzej Popiel

Andrzej Popiel (24 January 1936 – 17 February 2020) was a Polish actor. He mostly appeared on stage, but sometimes acted on screen. His stage credits include "Wesoły telewizor", "Kariera Nikodema Dyzmy", "Madame Sans-Gene", "Fiddler on the Roof", "Pan Tadeusz" and "Fiddler on the Roof". On screen, he acted in "Smażalnia story", "Na kłopoty Bednarski", "Lokatorzy", "Sąsiedzi" and "Outlanders".

Popiel was born in Kraków. On 17 February 2020, he died in Gdynia at the age of 84.


List of awards and honours received by Nelson Mandela

This is a list of awards and honours given to Nelson Mandela.
The Nobel Peace Prize
Bharat Ratna

Herford

Herford is a town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It was founded in 789.

Herford has about 67,000 inhabitants.

Gronau, North Rhine-Westphalia

Gronau (Westf.) is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is near the border with the Netherlands, about 10 km east of Enschede. As of 2018, the city has about 48,000 people living there.

Rock musician and singer Udo Lindenberg was born here.

Gronau is twinned with:


Löhne

Löhne is a town of the district Herford, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in Germany.


Kirchlengern

Kirchlengern is a municipality of the district Herford, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in Germany.

George Kittle

George Kittle is a tight end who currently plays for the San Francisco 49ers. He was drafted in 2017 in the fifth round.

Adirondack Mountains

The Adirondack Mountains are a mountain range in the northeastern part of New York in the United States.

The highest mountain in the range is Mount Marcy, at , in Keene, New York.

The Adirondack Mountains are not part of the Appalachian Mountains. They are a continuation of the Canadian Shield. Their origin is extremely ancient, dating back to the Mesoproterozoic era, in what is called the Grenville orogeny. After that old chain had been eroded away, recent uplifts produced the mountains we see today.

Keene, New York

Keene is a town in central Essex County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,144.



Bladesmith

Bladesmiths are people who create anything that has a blade whether it be a chef's knife to a crusader sword. Bladesmiths use various metalworking techniques to forge blades, woodworking skills for knife and sword handles, and leatherworking knowledge to make sheaths.

Knife forging dates back millions of years. The oldest known knives were made by humans 2.5 million years ago and consisted of rock, bone, and flint. These materials were brittle, and blades often fractured. So over 6,000 years ago, humans turned to more robust materials, including copper and later iron.


Hanau shootings

On 19 February 2020, two mass shootings occurred, targeting two shisha bars in Hanau, Hesse, Germany. Nine people were murdered and many others seriously wounded. After the attacks, the alleged perpetrator killed his mother and committed suicide. Police believe these attacks to have had a xenophobic, right-wing extremist motive.

Chancellor Angela Merkel cancelled a planned trip to Halle, Saxony-Anhalt and expressed her condolences to the victims' families.

Marcelino Oreja, 1st Marquis of Oreja

Marcelino Oreja y Aguirre, 1st Marquis of Oreja (born 13 February 1935) is a Spanish lawyer, diplomat and politician. He was a member of the People's Party. He was Foreign Minister of Spain between 1976 and 1980. Between 1984 and 1989 he was Secretary General of the Council of Europe. 

In 1989 he became member of the European Parliament and he was until 1993. In 1994 he was appointed European Commissioner for Transport and Energy and then European Commissioner for Institutional Relations and Communication Strategy.

Carlos Westendorp

Carlos Westendorp y Cabeza (born 7 January 1937) is a Spanish diplomat. He was Secretary General of the Club of Madrid. He was the 2nd High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1999 he was elected Member of the European Parliament representing the PSOE. He left the office in 2003. He was born in Madrid.

Jerry G. Melvin

Jerry G. Melvin (July 22, 1929 – February 19, 2020) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He was born in Bonifay, Florida. Melvin was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1968 to 1971, again from 1973 to 1978 and lastly from 1995 to 2005.

Melvin died on February 20, 2020 in Crestview, Florida from heart failure, aged 90.

Charles H. Pitman

Charles H. Pitman (October 20, 1935 – February 13, 2020) was an American politician. He was lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps. Pitman was Deputy Chief of Staff for Aviation. He retired in 1990. He served during the Vietnam War and was awarded the Purple Heart. Pitman was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Pitman died on February 13, 2020 from cancer, aged 84.


Winfried Freudenberg

Winfried Freudenberg (29 August 1956 – 8 March 1989) was the last person to die in an attempt to escape from East Germany to West Berlin across the Berlin Wall as he fell from an improvised gas balloon at high altitude over West Berlin.

Julius No

Dr. Julius No is a fictional character and the major villain in the 1958 "James Bond" novel and its 1962 movie version "Dr. No", the first of the series, in which he was portrayed by actor Joseph Wiseman.

He is a Chinese-German villain who works with SPECTRE and Ernst Stavro Blofeld. He is seen as a mad nuclear scientist.

Joseph Wiseman

Joseph Wiseman (May 15, 1918 – October 19, 2009) was a Canadian-American actor. He was well known for starring as the villain Julius No in the first James Bond movie, "Dr. No" in 1962. 

Wiseman was also known for his role as Manny Weisbord on the TV series "Crime Story", and his career on Broadway. He was once called "the spookiest actor in the American theatre."

John Langdon Down

John Langdon Haydon Down (18 November 1828 – 7 October 1896) was a British physician. He was best known for his description of the genetic condition now known as Down syndrome, which he originally discovered in 1862.


Mineral Wells, Texas

Mineral Wells is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. The city is named for mineral springs in the area, which were highly popular in the early 1900s.

Melissa, Texas

Melissa is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Anna, Texas

Anna is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Murphy, Texas

Murphy is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Graves County, Kentucky

Graves County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,649. Its county seat is Mayfield.

Pine Plains (CDP), New York

Pine Plains is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dick Cole (politician)

Dick Cole is the leader of Meyborn Kernow a Cornish separatist party

Centre-left

The centre-left is a political position that is closer to the left wing than the right wing and shares some politically left views and positions, but is still generally in the centre of the political spectrum.

The term 'centre-left' is most used in continental Europe. In the UK the corresponding term might be social democrat or liberal left. The Blair government would be an example. In the USA the ideology is shared by the Democratic Party.

Pleasant Valley (CDP), New York

Pleasant Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Harrietstown, New York

Harrietstown is a town in Franklin County, New York.

Kahoka, Missouri

Kahoka is a city in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Clark County.

Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia

Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia () is a 1974 Mexican-American Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah, co-written by Peckinpah and Gordon Dawson from a story by Peckinpah and Frank Kowalski, and starring Warren Oates, Isela Vega, Gig Young, Kris Kristofferson and Robert Webber. It was distributed by United Artists.


Naftali Herz Imber

Naftali Herz Imber (, ‎; 27 December 1856 – 8 October 1909) was a Jewish poet of the Hebrew language. He is most notable for writing a poem on which "Hatikvah", the Israeli national anthem, is based. He was born in Złoczów (now Zolochiv, Ukraine), a city in Galicia, which then was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

In 1892, Imber moved to the United States. He died due to alcoholism on 8 October 1909 in New York City. He was 52.

Mel Metcalfe

Mel Metcalfe is an American sound engineer. He has been nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Sound category three times: in 1987, for ""; in 1992, for "Beauty and the Beast"; and in 1993, for "Aladdin".

Jean-Claude Pecker

Jean-Claude Pecker (10 May 1923 – 20 February 2020) was a French astronomer, astrophysicist and author. He was born in Reims, Grand Est, France.

Pecker was a member of the Académie des Sciences and director of the Nice Observatory. He was the secretary-general of the International Astronomical Union from 1964 to 1967. Pecker was the President of the Société astronomique de France (SAF), the French amateur astronomical society, from 1973–1976. 

He was awarded the Prix Jules Janssen by the French Astronomical Society in 1967. 

A minor planet (1629 Pecker) is named after him.< Pecker was a vocal opponent of astrology and pseudo-science and was the president of the Association française pour l'information scientifique (AFIS).

Apparatjik

Apparatjik (pronounced "ap-er-rat-shik") is a musical supergroup. Its members are Guy Berryman (of Coldplay), Jonas Bjerre, Magne Furuholmen, and Martin Terefe.

The group were formed in 2008.

John Martin (singer)

John Martin Lindstrom (born 22 August 1980) is a Swedish singer-songwriter, best known for his collaborations with the Swedish House Mafia. He performed a song by Haim.

Martin was born in Stockholm and performing with a band of local bars. In 2010, Martin was discovered by Axwell, a member of the Swedish House Mafia. He co-wrote Avicii's "Fade Into Darkness". He featured on Swedish House Mafia's "Save The World" (2011) and "Don't You Worry Child" (2012). Martin worked on Michel Zitron's album released in late 2012. In October 2013, he featured on a Tinie Tempah single "Children of the Sun" which appeared on one of Tinie's albums. In 2014, he released his debut single "Anywhere For You". He co-wrote records for Alesso and Ella Eyre. On 11 March 2016, he featured on a Martin Garrix single "Now That I've Found You" alongside Michel Zitron. It was the first release off Garrix's record label STMPD RCRDS.

2014: "Anywhere For You"
2011: Swedish House Mafia - "Save The World"
2012: Swedish House Mafia - "Don't You Worry Child"
2013: Tinie Tempah - "Children of the Sun"
2016: Martin Garrix - "Now That I've Found You" (alongside Michel Zitron)

Iris Cummings

Iris C. Cummings (born December 21, 1920), also known by her married name Iris Critchell, is an American aviator and former competition swimmer. She represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.

She was accepted into the University of Southern California's first Civilian Pilot Training Program in 1939. During World War II, she was a member of the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs). 

Chris Willis

Christopher Willis (born February 26, 1969) is an American singer. Although he is a gospel singer, Willis collaborated with David Guetta on the singles "Love Don't Let Me Go", "Love Is Gone", "Just a Little More Love", and "Everytime We Touch" alongside Sebastian Ingrosso and Steve Angello.

He does disco, electronica, eurodance, gospel, house, and R&B.

Shystie

Chanel Cali (born 25 December 1983), better known by her stage name Shystie, is a British rapper, songwriter, and actress. Born in London, she has collaborated with the likes of Alesha Dixon and wanted to be a member of Mis-Teeq. She worked with Basement Jaxx, 50 Cent, and Dizzee Rascal on his single "I Luv U".

Lakeside MRT station

Lakeside MRT station (EW26) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West Line. It is an elevated station. It is located in Jurong West, Singapore. This station is built on the northwestern side of the Jurong Lake. Therefore, it is called Lakeside.

Lakeside station provides MRT access to residents living in Taman Jurong and Hong Kah. It is currently one of the three stations that serve Jurong West New Town. The other two are Boon Lay MRT station and Pioneer MRT station.

The station was designed with a curved Chinese roof. This is similar to those at the nearby Chinese Garden.

The station was opened on 5 November 1988. It is the western terminal for the East West Line till 1990s.

It is equipped with platform screen doors as the rest of the above ground East West Line stations. Initially the station didn't have the doors. Several successful tests at Jurong East, Yishun and Pasir Ris of the design and operation of the doors.The door installation started on 9 June 2010. The doors started operations on 31 August 2020 along with Bukit Batok.

High-volume low-speed fans were installed and started operation on 30 November 2012. Sound barriers were installed from Lakeside MRT station to Corporation Road to minimise noise generated from their residents.

Giovanni Dall'Orto

Giovanni Dall'Orto (21 July 1958) is an italian historian, journalist and pro-gay activist.

According to William A. Percy, he is, by common consent, the leading scholar of the history of homosexuality in Italy.

Born in Milan, Dall'Orto became a gay activist in 1976, committing himself increasingly also to history and scholarship. In 1981 he wrote the first book about AIDS published in Italy.

From 1985 to 1998 he published extensively in the monthly "Babilonia": he was general editor of this newspaper from 1997 to 1998. From 1999 onwards he has worked with the monthly "Pride", of which he serves as general editor. He has had great success in enriching the gay aspects of the Italian edition of Wikipedia. 

He has also collaborated in the realization of two LGBT encyclopedias: "Encyclopaedia of Homosexuality" (1990) and "Who's Who in Gay and Lesbian History: From Antiquity to World War II" (2000). In 2012 he founded Wikipink, a gay encyclopedia that is part of the "Wiki" project.

After a long study and research work, in May 2015 he published "Tutta un'altra Storia": a book about the history of homosexuality from antiquity to the second post-war period in which, for the first time in the history of Italy, topics relating to the daily life of gay life over the centuries are fathomed.

His H-Index is 10.



Eldon, Missouri

Eldon is a city in Missouri, United States.

Terrence Mann

Terrence Vaughan Mann (born July 1, 1951) is an American actor, theatre director, and singer. He is known for his appearances on the Broadway stage, which include Chester Lyman in "Barnum", Rum Tum Tugger in "Cats", Javert in "Les Miserables", Beast in "Beauty and the Beast", Chauvelin in "The Scarlet Pimpernel", Charles in "Pippin", Mal Beineke in "The Addams Family", and The Man in the Yellow Suit in "Tuck Everlasting".

He has received three Tony Award nominations, an Emmy Award nomination, and an Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical. He is a distinguished professor of musical theatre at Western Carolina University, and is an artistic director of the Carolina Arts Festival and the North Carolina Theatre. His film credits include "Critters", "A Chorus Line", "Big Top Pee-wee" and "Solarbabies". He stars as the villain Whispers in the Netflix series "Sense8".

Aontú

Aontú (Irish , "unite") is an all-Ireland political party. It was formally created in January 2019. It operates in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The party was founded by Peadar Tóibín, a TD. He resigned from Sinn Féin on 15 November 2018 due to his anti-abortion views. The name "Aontú" was announced at a meeting in Belfast on 28 January 2019. The party has been described as conservative on social issues and socially conservative, and left-wing on economics, migration, and climate change. 

The party's policies include proposals for a United Ireland, a referendum on a "right to collective bargaining and trade union membership", an end to zero hours contracts, and increased state spending on public housing, Their Web site says that Ireland should model itself on the "best practice in Scandinavian countries."

Phacochoerus

Phacochoerus is a genus in the family Suidae, commonly known as warthogs (pronounced "wart-hog"). It is the sole genus of subfamily Phacochoerinae. These pigs live in open and semiopen habitats, even in quite dry regions, in sub-Saharan Africa. The genus "Phacochoerus" has two species.


Pieter Zeeman

Pieter Zeeman (25 May 1865 – 9 October 1943) was a Dutch physicist. In 1902, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics together with Hendrik Lorentz for the discovery and theoretical explanation of the Zeeman effect.

Pieter Zeeman was born in Zonnemaire, a small town on the island of Schouwen-Duiveland, Netherlands. He was the son of Rev Catharinus Forandinus Zeeman, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and his wife, Willemina Worst.

Pieter was interested in physics at an early age. In 1883, the aurora borealis could be seen in the Netherlands. Zeeman, still a high school student, made a drawing and description of the aurora. He sent it to Nature, where it was published. The editor praised ""the careful observations of Professor Zeeman from his observatory in Zonnemaire"".

After finishing high school in 1883, Zeeman went to Delft. He studied classical languages, which he needed for admission to University. He stayed with Dr J. W. Lely, co-principal of the gymnasium. Lely was the brother of Cornelis Lely, who was responsible for the idea and building of the Zuiderzee Works. In Delft, he met Heike Kamerlingh Onnes, who was to become his thesis adviser.

Zeeman studied physics at the University of Leiden under Kamerlingh Onnes and Hendrik Lorentz. In 1890, even before finishing his thesis, he became Lorentz's assistant. This allowed him to take part in research on the Kerr effect. In 1893 he submitted his doctoral thesis on the Kerr effect, the reflection of polarized light on a magnetized surface. He then went for six months to Friedrich Kohlrausch's institute in Strasbourg. In 1895, Zeeman came back from Strasbourg to teach mathematics and physics in Leiden. He married Johanna Elisabeth Lebret (1873–1962); they had three daughters and one son.
In 1896, shortly before moving from Leiden to Amsterdam, he measured the splitting of spectral lines by a strong magnetic field. This research looked at what effect magnetic fields would have on a light source. He discovered that the spectral line is split into several parts in the by the magnetic field. Kamerlingh Onnes told Lorentz about Zeeman's observations on Saturday 31 October 1896 at the meeting of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in Amsterdam. The next Monday, Lorentz called Zeeman into his office and presented him with an explanation, based on Lorentz's theory of electromagnetic radiation. Zeeman's discovery is now known as the Zeeman effect. 

The discovery was important. It proved Lorentz's theory about the polarization of light emitted in the presence of a magnetic field. It showed that the oscillating particles, the source of the light, were negatively charged, and were a thousandfold lighter than the hydrogen atom. This was well before Thomson's discovery of the electron. The Zeeman effect became an important tool for understanding the structure of the atom.

Shortly after his discovery, Zeeman was offered a position as lecturer in Amsterdam. In 1900 he became professor of physics at the University of Amsterdam. In 1902, together with Lorentz, he received the Nobel Prize for Physics for the discovery of the Zeeman effect. Five years later, in 1908, he succeeded Van der Waals as full professor and Director of the Physics Institute in Amsterdam.

A new laboratory built in 1923 allowed Zeeman to continue to study the Zeeman effect. The laboratory was renamed the Zeeman Laboratory in 1940. For the remainder of his career he remained interested in research in Magneto-Optics. He also studied the propagation of light in moving media. This became important because of study into special relativity, and enjoyed keen interest from Lorentz and Einstein. Later in his career he became interested in mass spectrometry.

Zeeman died on 9 October 1943 in Amsterdam, and was buried in Haarlem.

Palacios, Texas

Palacios is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Point, Texas

Point is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Crittenden County, Kentucky

Crittenden County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,990. Its county seat is Marion.

Spackenkill, New York

Spackenkill is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Tiki Island, Texas

Tiki Island is a village in Galveston County, Texas, United States. 1,106 people were living in Tiki Island as of the 2020 census. Tiki Island has a land area of .

Taipan

A taipan is a snake of the genus Oxyuranus. They are large, fast-moving, highly venomous snakes in the elapid family.

Taipans are endemic to Australasia. There are three species, one of which, the coastal taipan, has two subspecies. It is one of the deadliest known snakes.

Romney, West Virginia

Romney is a city in and the county seat of Hampshire County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 1,724.

Hampshire County, West Virginia

Hampshire County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 23,093. The county seat is Romney.

Glenn E. Summers

Glenn E. Summers (February 19, 1925 – February 16, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democrat. From 1947 to 1951, he served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives for Liberty County.

Summers was born in Bristol, Florida. He died on February 16, 2020, at the age of 94.

Easton, Connecticut

Easton is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 7,605.

Mikveh

A mikveh or mikvah (,  "mikva'ot", "mikvoth", "mikvot", or (Yiddish) "mikves", lit., "a collection") is a Jewish ritual bath. It is used to cleanse ritual impurity. Immersion in a mikveh is also a part of the traditional process for converting to Judaism.

Bulma

Bulma is a fictional character from the manga and franchise "Dragon Ball" created by Akira Toriyama. She is introduced as a young but brilliant scientist girl searching for the magic Dragon Balls in order to make a wish. In her research he met Goku and later Yamcha, who will be is her boyfriend for a long time.

Sabrina Washington

Sabrina Fredrica Washington (born 27 October 1978) is a British singer. She writes songs and dances, and is also businesswoman and TV personality. She was a member of the female garage/hip hop band Mis-Teeq.

Su-Elise Nash

Su-Elise Nash (born Su-Elise Michelle Nash on 22 May 1981 to parents) is a British R&B singer. She rose to prominence as a member of the female group Mis-Teeq.
Su-Elise Michelle Nash was born in England on 22 May 1981. She joined the female band Mis-Teeq.

Ashley Walters

Ashley Walters may refer to:


Mollie King

Mollie Elizabeth King (born 4 June 1987) is a British female singer. She is a member of the five-piece female band The Saturdays.

Vanessa White

Vanessa Karen White (born 30 October 1989) is a British singer. She is the youngest member of the British five-piece female band The Saturdays.

"Main article: The Saturdays"

The Saturdays are a British female group which consists of Frankie Bridge, Mollie King, Una Healy and White.

Nicky Romero

Nicky Romero (real name Nick Rottevell; born 6 January 1989 in Amerongen, Netherlands) is a Dutch DJ, musician, and music producer.



Bert Sutherland

William Robert Sutherland (May 10, 1936 – February 18, 2020) was an American computer scientist. He served as manager of three notable research laboratories: Sun Microsystems Laboratories (1992–1998), the Systems Science Laboratory at Xerox PARC (1975–1981) and the Computer Science Division of Bolt Beranek and Newman Inc. which helped develop the ARPANET. In these roles, Sutherland took part in the creation of the personal computer, the technology of advanced microprocessors, the Smalltalk programming language, the Java programming language and the Internet.

Sutherland was born in Hastings, Nebraska. His father was from New Zealand and his mother was Scottish. Sutherland served in the United States Navy. He was the older brother of Ivan Sutherland.

On February 18, 2020, Sutherland died in Mountain View, California at the age of 83.

Hastings, Nebraska

Hastings is a city in and the county seat of Adams County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 25,152.

Anröchte

Anröchte is a municipality of the district Soest in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.


Warstein

Warstein is a town of the district of Soest in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. The brewing company Warsteiner has its main office in Warstein.

About 25,000 people live there.


IPad Mini 3

The third-generation iPad Mini 3 (stylized and marketed as iPad mini 3) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It was released on October 22, 2014. It was discontinued on September 9, 2015 when the iPad Mini 4 was released.

The iPad Mini 3 is the first iPad Mini to have a Touch ID fingerprint scanner that can be used alongside a passcode to make sure nobody you don’t want to accesses your device.


Long division

Long division is a method of dividing two numbers, using repeated multiplications and subtractions in a tableau. Because it is easy to do, it is usually taught in schools. There are other methods which are faster, or easier to program with a computer, but they are more difficult to understand and perform manually. If we have a large or complicated division problem, we can use long division to break it down into a series of easier calculations. Long division can also be done on polynomials as well.

As with most division problems we have three numbers: the dividend, our first number; the divisor, the second number we divide it by; and the quotient, which is the result. Long division is a kind of algorithm, which means it helps us to find the solution to a problem by following a set of clearly-defined steps:


Let's assume we want to divide 780 by 4. To do so with long division, we need to split 780 into digits -- 7 and 8 and 0 -- and then divide each one by 4, carrying any remainders to the next step.

7 / 4 = 1 R 3 -- since we have a remainder of 3, we have to carry this down.
38 / 4 = 9 R 2 -- we carry our remainder of 2 down.
20 / 4 = 5 R 0 -- we have reached the end.

By using long division, we have found that 780 / 4 = 195.

Let's perform a similar calculation where our numbers do not divide easily: 468 / 12

4 / 12 = 0 R 0 -- we cannot perform this division as 4<12, so we have to carry our dividend like a remainder.
46 / 12 = 3 R 10 -- we carry our remainder of 10 down.
108 / 12 = 9 R 0 -- we have reached the end.

By the same process we have found that 468 / 12 = 39.

Let's follow the same process for numbers that give an answer with a decimal because they don't have common factors: 123 / 8

1 / 8 = 0 R 0 -- we cannot perform this division as 1<8, so we have to carry our dividend like a remainder.
12 / 8 = 1 R 4 -- we carry our remainder of 4 down.
43 / 8 = 5 R 3 -- we have reached the end with a remainder, which we have to add to our final answer.

123 / 8 = 15 R 3, which equals 15.375 (15 3/8).


Amsterdam, Missouri

Amsterdam is a city in Missouri, United States.

Rockville, Missouri

Rockville is a city in Missouri, United States.

English, Indiana

English is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Albion, Indiana

Albion is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Mason County, Kentucky

Mason County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,120. Its county seat is Maysville.

Kurukshetra War

The Kurukshetra War was described in the Indian epic poem Mahābhārata. 

There it is said the war took place in Mahabharata. It lasted 18 days. 

Main-Kinzig-Kreis

Main-Kinzig-Kreis is a Rural District in east Hesse, Germany.

Gelnhausen

Gelnhausen is the capital of the Main-Kinzig-Kreis in the state of Hesse in Germany.

Putnam County, Indiana

Putnam County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 36,726 people lived there. The county seat is Greencastle.

SpongeBob SquarePants: Legend of the Lost Spatula

SpongeBob SquarePants: Legend of the Lost Spatula is a Game Boy Color video game, which was released in March 2001.

SpongeBob SquarePants wants to get a golden spatula from the Flying Dutchman.

GameSpot gave the game 3.8 stars. IGN gave the game 6 stars.

Philipp Lenard

Philipp Eduard Anton von Lenard (7 June 1862 – 20 May 1947) was a Hungarian-born German physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1905 for his work on cathode rays. His most important work was his study of the photoelectric effect. He discovered that the energy (speed) of the electrons from a cathode depends on the wavelength, not the intensity of the light.

Lenard was a nationalist and anti-Semite. He was a supporter of Adolf Hitler in the 1920s. He was a role model for the "Deutsche Physik" movement during the Nazi period. He said that Albert Einstein's contributions to science were "Jewish physics".

Philipp Lenard was born in Pressburg (today's Bratislava), on 7 June 1862 in the Kingdom of Hungary. The Lenard family were of German-descent. His father, Philipp von Lenardis (1812–1896), was a wine-merchant in Pressburg. His mother was Antonie Baumann (1831–1865). In 1880, he studied physics and chemistry in Vienna and Budapest, going back to Pressburg in 1882. After being refused an assistant's position in the University of Budapest in 1883, he moved to Heidelberg. He studied under the Robert Bunsen, and also one semester in Berlin with Hermann von Helmholtz. He gained a doctoral degree in 1886. In 1887 he went back to Budapest to work for Loránd Eötvös. After working in Aachen, Bonn, Breslau, Heidelberg (1896–1898), and Kiel (1898–1907), he went back to the University of Heidelberg in 1907 as the head of the Philipp Lenard Institute. In 1905, Lenard became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. In 1907, he became a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

He studied phosphorescence, luminescence, and the conductivity of flames.

Lenard began the study of cathode rays in 1888. These rays were made in simple, partially evacuated glass tubes. Inside were metallic electrodes across which a high voltage could be placed. It was difficult to study the rays inside the sealed glass tubes. They were difficult to access, and there were still air molecules in the tubes. Lenard was able to make small metallic windows in the glass, thick enough to be able to withstand the pressure, but thin enough to let the rays pass through. He could pass the rays out into the laboratory, or into another chamber that was completely airless. These windows are now known as "Lenard windows". He could easily detect the rays and measure their intensity by using paper sheets with a layer of phosphorescent materials.

Lenard saw that the absorption of cathode rays was proportional to the density of the material they passed through. This was opposite to the idea that they were some sort of electromagnetic radiation. He also showed that the rays could pass through the air and appeared to be scattered by it. This meant that they must be particles that were even smaller than the molecules in air. He confirmed some of J.J. Thomson's work, and this showed that cathode rays were streams of negatively charged energetic particles. He called them quanta of electricity or for short quanta, after Helmholtz. J.J. Thomson had called them corpuscles, but electrons became the everyday term. Lenard used this knowledge, together with the results of his and others' earlier experiments on the absorption of the rays in metals. He showed that electrons were parts of the atom. Lenard worked out that atoms were mostly empty space. He said that every atom consists of empty space and electrically neutral corpuscules called "dynamids", each consisting of an electron and an equal positive charge.

He experimented using a Crookes tube. He showed that the rays produced by irradiating metals in a vacuum with ultraviolet light were like cathode rays. He found that the energy of the rays was independent of the light intensity, but was greater for shorter wavelengths of light.

Albert Einstein explained this as a quantum effect. This theory said that the plot of the cathode ray energy versus the frequency would be a straight line with a slope equal to Planck's constant, "h". This was proved some years later. Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for this theory. Lenard did not like the attention given to Einstein. He did not believe in Einsteins theories, including relativity. However he did agree with Einstein's explanation of the photoelectric effect.

Lenard received the 1905 Nobel Prize for Physics in recognition of this work.

Lenard was the first person to study what is now called the "Lenard effect" in 1892. This is the separation of electric charges related to the aerodynamic breakup of water drops. It is also known as spray electrification or the waterfall effect.

He studied the size and shapes of raindrops. He built a wind tunnel in which water droplets could be held still for a few seconds. He discovered that large raindrops are not tear-shaped, but are rather shaped like a hamburger bun.

Lenard was a strong German nationalist, and did not like "English physics". He thought the English had stolen their ideas from Germany. He joined the National Socialist Party before it was popular. He said that Germany should rely on "Deutsche Physik" and ignore what he said were the false and deliberately misleading ideas of "Jewish physics". By this he meant the theories of Albert Einstein, including "the Jewish fraud" of relativity. He became an advisor to Adolf Hitler, and the Chief of Aryan physics.

Lenard retired from Heidelberg University as professor of theoretical physics in 1931. He was removed from his honorary position by Allied occupation forces in 1945. The Helmholtz-Gymnasium Heidelberg had been named the Philipp Lenard Schule from 1927 until 1945. it was renamed in September 1945, The military government were removing Nazi street names and monuments . Lenard died in 1947 in Messelhausen, Germany.





Leloaloa

Leloaloa is a village in Maoputasi County, Tutuila Island, American Samoa. As of the 2010 U.S. census, the village had a population of 448.

Leloaloa is the birthplace of member of the United States House of Representatives and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Tulsi Gabbard.

István Gáli

István Gáli (5 July 1943 – 20 February 2020) was a Hungarian boxer. He boxed as a welterweight. He won a bronze medal at the 1967 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Rome. He also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Gáli was born in Bodroghalom. He died in Budapest on 20 February 2020 at the age of 76.


Devonport, Tasmania

Devonport is a city in northern Tasmania, Australia. It is at the mouth of the Mersey River. In 2016 there were 23,046 people living in Devonport.

The city was settled in the 1850s, with two villages, Formby and Torquay, on the opposite banks of the Mersey River. Torquay on the eastern shore was the largest. It had a police station, post office, magistrate, at least three hotels, shipyards and stores. A river ferry service connected the two villages. Between 1870 and 1880 the shipping industry grew and work was undertaken to deepen the mouth of the river. The first regular steamship services operated to Melbourne, Victoria. The Marine Board building (1882) is the oldest building in Devonport. 

In 1889 the Bluff lighthouse was built, and later the railway reached Formby. A wharf was created on the west bank, close to the railway and warehouses. This began a building boom in Formby. In 1890 the public voted to join the two villages together to become the town of Devonport.

The Victoria bridge was opened in 1902 and linked Devonport and East Devonport.

Devonport was proclaimed a city by Prince Charles of Wales on 21 April 1981 in a ceremony at the Devonport Oval.

The cross river ferry service was stopped in 2014 after 160 years of continuous service. The vessel the "Torquay" was taken out of service. It has since restarted.

Devonport suburbs include Highfield. East Devonport suburbs include Pardoe Downs, Rannoch, and Pannorama Heights

The main business area is on the west side of the Mersey River. It has a pedestrian mall, cinema, specialty stores, chain stores such as IGA and hotels. There are several restaurants and cafes.

The Devonport Regional Gallery began as "The Little Gallery", private gallery started by Jean Thomas in 1966. The Gallery presents an annual program of exhibitions, education and public programs including events and workshops. Works by local artists are displayed at the North West Regional Craft Centre and gift store.

Tiagarra Aboriginal Culture Centre and Museum displays petroglyphs, designs in rock and displays that show the traditional lifestyle of Tasmanian Aboriginal people.

The Bass Strait Maritime Centre, in the old Harbour Master's House has objects, models and photographs that tell the stories of Bass Strait and Devonport.

A volunteer run vintage railway and museum, the Don River Railway, is at Don, a suburb of Devonport.

The Mersey Community Hospital at Latrobe, is the nearest hospital to Devonport 

Devonport's night club was known as "City Limits" in the 1980s, then "The Warehouse" from 1991, and from 2014 as the "House".

Kokoda Barracks is an army barracks in Devonport.


Devonport Airport is located at Pardoe Downs about 7 km to the east. The airport is serviced by Bombardier Dash 8 turboprop aircraft, operated by QantasLink, with four daily services to Melbourne, Victoria. 

There are several bus companies serving Devonport including Mersey Link, Redline Coaches and Phoenix Coaches. Metropolitan Devonport bus services are limited on Saturdays and there are no services on Sundays or Public holidays.


Searoad Road Shipping have two roll on roll off ships for general freight between Devonport, Melbourne and King Island. These vessels include MV Searoad Mersey, MV Searoad Mersey II (2016- ) and MV Searoad Tamar.


A rail line still services the ports area of Devonport.
The roundhouse and railway maintenance yards on the foreshore of the Mersey River have gone, and there is a park on the site.


Devonport is the southern terminus for the "Spirit of Tasmania" ferries – Spirit I and II travel the 11 hours to Melbourne.

Melbourne – Devonport Passenger Ferry History
The Devonport area has rich red soils that are ideal for producing vegetable crops (beans, onions, peas, potatoes etc.) There are also large crops of cereals, oil poppies, and pyrethrum. 




A TasTAFE campus, an adult training institution, is in Valley Road.

Devonport has an warm-summer mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification Csb), bordering on an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb). It has mild to warm summers, cool and moist winters. It has high humidity (about 70%) all year round. Most days from January to March are pleasantly warm, averaging with frequent sunshine. The warmest and driest days can reach up to . Unlike the south and east coasts of Tasmania, humid northerly winds prevent heatwaves and temperatures rarely go above . Winters are cool and cloudy with frequent light rain; July and August are the wettest months of the year. In winter, because of the constant cloud cover and effect of the sea, winter temperatures rarely drop below or rise above . September to December has mild and windy weather with frequent showers, and occasional warm, sunny breaks. 

The Devonport Football Club, Magpies, is an Australian rules football team in the Tasmanian Statewide League. Their home ground is the Devonport Oval. 

The East Devonport Football Club, the Swans, is an Australian Rules Football Club, in the North West Football League.

Devon Netball is in Spreyton, just outside Devonport. it is the main centre for netball in the Devonport area. 

The Devonport Rugby Club, a Rugby Union team, plays in the Tasmanian Rugby Union.

Devonport City Football Club an Association Football club that plays in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania.

The Devonport Athletic Club is a professional athletic club. It hosts part of the Tasmanian Cycling Christmas Carnival Series each year in December, with local and international cyclists. Other sports at the carnivals include athletics and woodchopping. Woodchopping events are also held at the Devonport Agricultural & Pastoral Society Spring Show in November.

The Mersey Valley Devonport Cycling Club host track cycling, the Mersey Valley Tour, Devon 80 Road Race and the Ulverstone Criterium.

Devonport Cricket Club is a cricket team in the North Western Tasmanian Cricket Association.

Devonport Hockey teams play in the North and North West Hockey roster of Hockey Tasmania.

Devonport Warriors are a basketball team in the North West Basketball Union.

The Devonport Golf Club has been home to the Tasmanian Open and Tasmanian Seniors Open.

The Devonport Harness Racing Club holds harness racing events at the Devonport Showgrounds.

The Devonport Cup a horse race is held annually in January at the Spreyton racecourse. There is a gazetted local holiday for the event.

Power Boat racing takes place at the Devonport Annual Regatta held each March long weekend. The Regatta was first held in 1958.

The Splash Devonport Aquatic and Leisure Centre has a world class gym and indoor swimming pool and is based within the Don Reserve.

The Devonport Tennis Club and East Devonport Tennis Club play in the Tennis North West Association.

The Devonport recreation centre hosts weekly futsal games where notable players such as Callan Rigby and Liam Everett ferociously play.


Notable players that went on to play in the VFL/AFL:



Phil Maloney

Philip Francis Anthony Maloney (October 6, 1927 – February 21, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played as a centre. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Blackhawks and Boston Bruins. He was the head coach of NHL team Vancouver Canucks from 1974 to 1977.

Maloney was born in Ottawa, Ontario. He died on February 21, 2020, at the age of 92.

Lower Burrell, Pennsylvania

Lower Burrell is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 11,758.

A.P. Indy

A.P. Indy (March 31, 1989 – February 21, 2020) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In 1991, he won the Hollywood Futurity. He had his most successful year in 1992, winning the San Rafael Stakes, Santa Anita Derby, Peter Pan Stakes, Belmont Stakes and Breeders' Cup Classic. He was the 1992 American Horse of the Year and was added to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2000.

A.P. Indy was foaled at Lane's End Farm in Versailles, Kentucky. He died at his birthplace on February 21, 2020. He was 31.

Diana Garrigosa

Diana Garrigosa Laspeñas (10 November 1944 – 10 February 2020) was a Spanish Catalan economist and teacher. She was married to the 127th President of the Generalitat of Catalonia Pasqual Maragall. After her husband was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, she founded the Pasqual Maragall Foundation for research of the disease. She served as the foundation's president from 2008 until her death in 2020. She starred in the 2010 documentary movie "Bicicleta, cullera, poma" with her husband.

Garrigosa was born in Barcelona. She married Maragall in 1965. On 10 February 2020, Garrigosa died due to a heart attack in Barcelona. She was 75.

Manuel Pinto da Costa

Manuel Pinto da Costa (born 5 August 1937) is a São Toméan economist and politician. He served as the first president of São Tomé and Príncipe from 1975 to 1991. He again served as the country's president from 2011 to 2016. He was a member of the Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe/Social Democratic Party (MLSTP/PSD) during his first presidential term but later became an independent.

Pinto da Costa was born in Água Grande. He was educated in East Germany.


David Gulpilil

David Gulpilil Ridjimiraril Dalaithngu (1 July 1953 – 29 November 2021) was an Australian actor and traditional Indigenous dancer. He was a Yolngu man. His acting career began in 1971. He was awarded the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his roles in the Rolf de Heer movies "The Tracker" (2002) and "Charlie's Country" (2014). His other acting credits include "Walkabout" (1971), "Storm Boy" (1976), "The Last Wave" (1977), "Crocodile Dundee" (1986), "Crocodile Dundee II" (1988), "Rabbit-Proof Fence" (2002), "Ten Canoes" (2006), "Australia" (2008) and the "Storm Boy" remake (2019).

Gulpilil was born in Arnhem Land, Northern Territory. He retired from acting in 2019 after being told he had lung cancer. He died on 29 November 2021 in Murray Bridge, South Australia, aged 68.

Kevin Jonas

Paul Kevin Jonas II (born 5 November 1987), better known by his stage name Kevin Jonas or K2, is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actor, businessman and dancer. He was born in Teaneck, New Jersey. He is the oldest member of the pop punk band Jonas Brothers alongside his younger brothers Joe and Nick.

In 2009, he married businesswoman Danielle Deleasa. They have two children.

Stan Walker

Stan Walker (born 23 October 1990) is an Australian-New Zealand recording artist, actor and television personality. In 2009, Walker was the winner of the seventh and last season of "Australian Idol". He has released 29 singles, including "Black Box", "Unbroken" and "Choose You". He has five studio albums. His music career has led Walker to an acting career, and he has appeared in movies such as "Mt. Zion" (2013) and "Hunt for the Wilderpeople" (2016).

Walker was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He grew up in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand. He is Māori. In 2017, he was diagnosed with stomach cancer.


Diana Gordon (singer)

Diana Gordon (born August 25, 1985), formerly known by her stage name Wynter, is an American singer-songwriter specializing in dance, house, and R&B. She is signed to Atlantic Records and released her debut extended play in 2010.

Carolyn McCarthy

Carolyn McCarthy ("née" Cook; born January 5, 1944) is an American nurse and politician. She is a Democrat. She served as a member of the U.S. House of Representative for from 1997 to 2015. She is known for her being an advocate for gun control. Her husband was killed and their son was injured in the 1993 Long Island Rail Road shooting. She was played by actress Laurie Metcalf in the movie "The Long Island Incident" (1998), based on the events of the shooting.

McCarthy was born in Brooklyn, New York City and grew up in Mineola, New York. She was married to Dennis McCarthy from 1967 until his murder in 1993. In 2013, it was reported she had been diagnosed with lung cancer.

Ron Wright (politician)

Ronald Jack Wright (April 8, 1953 – February 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a Republican. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for from 2019 until 2021. He served on the Arlington's city council from 2000 to 2008. He was mayor pro-tem of Arlington from 2004 to 2008.

Wright was born in Jacksonville, Texas. In 2019, he reported he had been diagnosed with lung cancer. On February 7, 2021, Wright died of COVID-19 at the age of 67 in Dallas. He was the first sitting member of Congress to die due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.

Faces (band)

Faces are an English rock band that was formed in 1969. The group broke up in 2011 and later reunited. The band members are Glen Matlock, Ian McLagan, Kenny Jones, Jesse Ed Davis, Mick Hucknall, Rod Stewart, Ronnie Lane, Ronnie Woods, and Tetsu Yamauchi.

The Faces have released four studio albums and have toured in autumn 1975.

Maryan Plakhetko

Maryan Ivanovych Plakhetko (; 1 March 1945 – 22 February 2020) was a Ukrainian footballer. He played as a defender.

Plakhetko was born in Nizhankovichi. He most notably played club football for CSKA Moscow. He also played for Karpaty Lviv and SKA Lviv. Plakhetko played two games for the Soviet Union national team in 1968 and 1971.

Plakhetko died in Moscow on 22 February 2020 at the age of 74.


Peter Nixon

Peter James Nixon (born 22 March 1928) is an Australian politician and businessman. He was a member of the National Party. He served in the House of Representatives from 1961 to 1983, representing the Division of Gippsland. He held ministerial office as Minister for the Interior (1967–1971), Shipping and Transport (1971–1972), Postmaster-General (1975), Transport (1975–1979) and Primary Industry (1979–1983).

Nixon was born in Orbost, Victoria. He was married to Jacqueline Thelma "Sally" Dahlsen from 1954 until her death in 2013. The couple had three children.

Dinslaken

Dinslaken is a town in Wesel in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is known for its harness racing track, its now closed coal mine in Lohberg, and its wealthy neighborhoods "Hiesfeld" and "Eppinghoven".

About 67,000 live in Dinslaken. It is in the Ruhr Area.

Dinslaken has 7 districts:

Gareth Evans (politician)

Gareth John Evans (born 5 September 1944) is an Australian politician, academic and lawyer. He is a member of the Labor Party. From 1978 to 1996, Evans was a Senator for Victoria. 

Evans was Leader of the Government in the Senate from 1993 to 1996. He served as a cabinet minister in the Hawke and Keating governments from 1983 to 1996 as Attorney-General (1983–1984), Minister for Resources and Energy (1984–1987), Minister for Transport and Communications (1987–1988) and most notably as Minister for Foreign Affairs (1988–1996). He was also a member of the House of Representatives for the Division of Holt from 1996 to 1999. He was the deputy leader of the Labor Party and the Opposition from 1998 to 1999.

After leaving politics, Evans was president and chief executive officer of the International Crisis Group from 2000 to 2009. He also served as chancellor of the Australian National University (ANU) from 2010 to 2019.

Evans was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He married Merran in 1969. The couple have two children.


James Webster (Australian politician)

James Joseph Webster (14 June 1925 – 3 April 2022) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the National Party. He served as a Senator for Victoria from 1964 to 1980. He was also Minister for Science (1975–1978) and Science and the Environment (1978–1979) in the Fraser Government. He left politics to become High Commissioner to New Zealand, serving from 1980 to 1983.

Webster was born on Flinders Island, Tasmania. His father, Leslie Webster, was also a politician. From 1957 until their divorce in 1989, he was married to Jean Elizabeth Drake. The couple had four sons. In 1993, he married Jeanette Edgeworth Hillis. He died in Brighton, Victoria on 3 April 2022, at the age of 96. 

Peter Rae

Peter Elliot Rae (born 24 September 1932) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for Tasmania from 1967 to 1986. He was a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1986 to 1989.

Rae was born in Launceston, Tasmania. In 1956, he married Rosemary. The couple have three sons.

Bailey's Prairie, Texas

Bailey's Prairie is a village in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jones Creek, Texas

Jones Creek is a village in the U.S. state of Texas.

Manvel, Texas

Manvel is a city in Brazoria County, Texas in the United States.

Brazoria, Texas

Brazoria is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rio Grande City, Texas

Rio Grande City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Starr County.

Seminole, Texas

Seminole is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Gaines County.

Longoria, Texas

Longoria is a census-designated place (CDP) in Starr County, Texas in the United States.

El Castillo, Texas

El Castillo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Starr County, Texas in the United States.

Bronte, Texas

Bronte ( ) is a town in Coke County, Texas, United States. The population was 933 at the 2020 census.

Ponce de Leon, Florida

Ponce de Leon is a town in Holmes County, Florida in the United States.

Esto, Florida

Esto is a town in Holmes County, Florida in the United States.

Gun Club Estates, Florida

Gun Club Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) of Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 census, Gun Club Estates has 816 people.

Royal Palm Beach, Florida

Royal Palm Beach is a village of Florida in the United States.

Wellington, Florida

Wellington is a village of Florida in the United States.

Hilliard, Florida

Hilliard is a town of Nassau County, Florida in the United States. It is northwest of Jacksonville.

Najla Ben Abdallah

Najla Ben Abdallah (Arabic : نجلاء بن عبد الله) (born June 16, 1980 ) is a Tunisian actress and flight attendant .

Najla Ben Abdallah is a Tunisian actress, notably known for having played the role of Feriel Ben Abdallah in the television series Maktoub .

In 2012, she made the cover of the people magazine Tunivisions, then that of the Tunisian magazine E-young in November.

Najla has multiplied appearances on TV and in the cinema, playing regularly in TV series, TV movies, shows, commercials and films including recently, the famous Thala mon amour screened in preview at the 2016 Carthage Film Festival .

She has also appeared in Mehdi M. Barsaoui's un Fils Film with Sami Bouajila.

She has also appeared in Sami Fehri's Les Fils de Moufida TV Drama Series .

In 2020, she affirmed, as a mother, that she greatly values fatherhood .

In 2020, she won the award for best actress at the Malmö Arab Film Festival, for her role in the film Un Fils in English " A Son", a film written and directed by Mehdi Barsaoui, won the best award of the 10th edition of the Film Festival  Arabic from Malmö (MAFF in Sweden).

She is the mother of two daughters. In 2020, she affirmed, as a mother, that she greatly values motherhood.











Auggen

Auggen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is near the French border. It is at the southern end of Breisgau.


Zweibrücken

Zweibrücken is a town in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is on the Schwarzbach river. About 34,000 people live there.

The name "Zweibrücken" means 'two bridges'. It is pronounced differently by different people. (, , Palatinate German: "Zweebrigge" ).


Breathitt County, Kentucky

Breathitt County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,718. Its county seat is Jackson, Kentucky. The county was formed on February 8, 1839 and was named for John Breathitt, who was Governor of Kentucky from 1832 to 1834. Breathitt County was a prohibition or dry county, until a public vote in July 2016 that allowed alcohol sales.

Surfside Beach, Texas

Surfside Beach, also known as Surfside, is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States. 640 people were living in Surfside Beach as of the 2020 census. Surfside Beach has a land area of .

It is on the Gulf of Mexico near the city of Freeport.

Levels (Avicii song)

"Levels" (stylized as Le7els) is a song by Swedish house producer and DJ Avicii. It was released as a single on August 13, 1997 on Interscope. The song was written by Avicii, Arash Pournouri, and Etta James.

"Levels" samples vocals from Etta James's "Something's Got a Hold on Me" (1962). It is the same sample previously used in Pretty Light's "Finally Moving". Additionally, the same sample was used by American rapper Flo Rida in his single "Good Feeling".

Centennial, Colorado

Centennial is a city of Arapahoe County in the state of Colorado in the United States.

Jurupa Valley, California

Jurupa Valley is a city in Riverside County, California.

Jackson County, Kentucky

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,955. Its county seat is McKee.

Marquez, Texas

Marquez is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Normangee, Texas

Normangee is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Calloway County, Kentucky

Calloway County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,103. Its county seat is Murray.

Paratriathlon

Paratriathlon is a variant of the triathlon for athletes with a physical disability. The sport is governed by the International Triathlon Union(ITU), and was first held as a Paralympic event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Ivan Sutherland

Ivan Edward Sutherland (born May 16, 1938) is an American computer scientist. He is known as the "father of computer graphics". 

He received the Turing Award in 1988 for the invention of Sketchpad, an early predecessor to the sort of graphical user interface.

He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, as well as the National Academy of Sciences among many other major awards. 

In 2012 he was awarded the Kyoto Prize in Advanced Technology for "pioneering achievements in the development of computer graphics and interactive interfaces".

Portola Valley, California

Portola Valley is an incorporated town in San Mateo County, California, United States. It was founded in 1964. In 2016, it was the richest town in America per the American Community Survey. Home prices are also among the highest in the nation.

The average income per household in Portola Valley is $435,371, and the median income is $250,001.

The 2020 United States Census reported that Portola Valley had a population of 4,456.

Young–Laplace equation

In physics, the Young–Laplace equation () is a nonlinear partial differential equation that describes the capillary pressure difference across the interface between two static fluids, such as water and air. This difference is due to the phenomenon of surface tension or wall tension. Wall tension can only be used for very thin walls. The Young–Laplace equation relates the pressure difference to the shape of the surface or wall. It is very important in the study of static capillary surfaces.

In physiology it is known as Laplace's law. It is used to describe the pressure inside hollow organs.

The equation is named after Thomas Young, who developed the qualitative theory of surface tension in 1805, and Pierre-Simon Laplace who completed the mathematical description in the following year. It is sometimes also called the Young–Laplace–Gauss equation: Carl Friedrich Gauss unified the work of Young and Laplace in 1830. Gauss derived both the differential equation and boundary conditions using Johann Bernoulli's virtual work principles.

John McCain 2008 presidential campaign

The 2008 presidential campaign of John McCain, the longtime senior U.S. Senator from Arizona, was launched with an informal announcement on February 28, 2007, during a live taping of the "Late Show with David Letterman", and formally launched at an event on April 25, 2007.

His second candidacy for the Presidency of the United States. After winning a majority of delegates in the Republican primaries of 2008, on August 29, leading up to the convention, McCain selected Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska as his running mate for Vice President.

Five days later, at the 2008 Republican National Convention, McCain was formally selected as the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 2008 presidential election.

In the general election, facing Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, McCain was trailing during most of the season, only gaining a lead in national polls for a period after the Palin announcement and the 2008 Republican National Convention.

On November 4, 2008, McCain lost to Barack Obama in the general election, receiving 173 votes of the electoral college to Obama's 365 and gaining 46 percent of the popular vote to Obama's 53 percent.

Mitt Romney 2012 presidential campaign

The Mitt Romney presidential campaign of 2012 officially began on June 2, 2011, when former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney formally announced his candidacy for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States, at an event in Stratham, New Hampshire. He ran in the 2008 Republican primaries, this was Romney's second campaign for the presidency.

He became the party's presumptive nominee with his victory in the Texas primary on May 29, 2012.

On August 11, 2012, in Norfolk, Virginia, Romney announced that Paul Ryan, the long-time U.S. Representative for , would be his running mate for vice president. (Later, in October 2015, he was elected Speaker of the House.)

On August 30, 2012, in Tampa, Florida, Romney formally accepted the Republican Party's nomination at the 2012 Republican National Convention.

Romney's campaign came to an end on November 6, 2012, upon defeat by incumbent President Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election. Romney received 60,933,500 votes, or 47.2% of the total votes cast, winning 24 states and 206 electoral votes.

Six years later, in November 2018, Romney was elected as U.S. Senator from Utah.

Running mate

A running mate is a person running together with another person on a joint ticket during an election. The term is most often used in reference to the vice presidential candidate running with a presidential candidate but can also properly be used when referring to both candidates, such as by saying Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla were running mates in the presidential elections held in Indonesia in 2014.

Presidential nominee

In United States politics and government, the term presidential nominee has two different meanings:


In United States presidential elections, the presumptive nominee is a presidential candidate who is certain to be their party's nominee, but has not yet been formally nominated or elected by their political party at the party's nominating convention.

Vadim Karpov

Vadim Yuryevich Karpov (; born 14 July 2002) is a Russian football player. He currently plays for CSKA Moscow as a Defender.

He made his professional debut on 19 September 2019 in an Europa League game against PFC Ludogorets Razgrad at the age of 17.

Alex Konstantinou

Alex Konstantinou (born 11 April 1992) is a Cypriot professional football player. He plays as a winger for Pafos.

He is the son of Kostakis Konstantinou, retired Cyprus national football team player.


Austin Mahone

Austin Harris Mahone (born April 4, 1996) is an American pop singer-songwriter. He is signed to Young Money Entertainment.

Austin Mahone was born on 4 April 1996 in the United States. His career began in 2010, when he was 14. He released the single "Mmh Yeah" in January 2014 featuring Pitbull.


Kiki Dimoula

Vasiliki “Kiki” Dimoula (née Radou; ; 6 June 1931 – 22 February 2020) was a Greek poet. She was active from 1952 until her death. She was the first female poet ever to be included in the poetry series of the notable French publisher Gallimard. Her poetry has been translated from Greek into English, French, German, Swedish, Danish, Spanish, Italian and many other languages.

Dimoula was awarded the Greek State Prize twice (1971, 1988). She was awarded the European Prize for Literature in 2009. From 2002, she was a member of the Academy of Athens.

Dimoula was born in Athens. She was married to the poet Athos Dimoulas. The couple had two children. She had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) later in her life. On 22 February 2020, she died in Athens due to cardiac arrest caused by COPD and heart failure. She was 88.

La La La (Naughty Boy song)

"La La La" is a 2013 song by British record producer Naughty Boy and featuring vocals from English singer Sam Smith. It is the second single from Naughty Boy's debut album "Hotel Cabana" (2013) and also appears on the deluxe version of Smith's debut album "In the Lonely Hour" (2014). It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic, Greece, Italy, Lebanon, Romania and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 5 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Spain and Switzerland. It also peaked at number 19 in the United States and number 43 in Canada.

Ramón Conde

Ramón Luis Conde Román (December 29, 1934 – February 23, 2020) was an American professional baseball player from Puerto Rico. He played as a third baseman. He played 14 games in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Chicago White Sox in 1962. He had a much larger minor league baseball career.

Conde was born in Juana Díaz. He died of a heart attack on February 23, 2020 in West Palm Beach, Florida. He was 85.

40 (record producer)

Noah James Shebib (born March 31, 1983), better known as 40, is a Canadian hip hop record producer. He is the main producer for all of Canadian rapper Drake's singles.

His works were nominated for Grammy Awards sixteen times. He won twice. In 2013, "Take Care" received a "Best Rap Album" award. In 2019, "God's Plan" won 3 awards: "Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Rap Song".


Harry Hoch

Harry Keller Hoch (January 9, 1887 – October 26, 1981) was an American professional baseball player and lawyer. He played as a pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies (1908) and St. Louis Browns (1914–1915).

Hoch was born in Woodside, Delaware. He died on October 26, 1981 in Lewes, Delaware, at the age of 94.

Woodside, Delaware

Woodside is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 190.

Zoran Modli

Zoran Modli (; 22 April 1948 – 23 February 2020) was a Serbian journalist, radio disc jockey and aviator. He was one of the most popular Yugoslav radio personalities. Beginning in the early 1980s, he hosted "Ventilator 202". He also hosted "Modulacije", in the 1990s, and "ZAIR" starting in 2000.

Modli was a professional pilot for over 30 years. He spent the first 20 years in the state-owned Jat Airways, piloting a Boeing 727, and then moved to a private airlines company Prince Aviation. On 15 July 2010, Modli survived a landing accident at Brač Airport in Bol, Croatia. He was piloting a Cessna Citation II, when the plane ran off the runway and caught fire. All the passengers survived without injuries, but Modli left his job.

Modli was born in Zemun. On 23 February 2020, he died in Belgrade at the age of 71.

Dacian Cioloș

Dacian Cioloș (born 25 May 1963) is a Romanian engineer and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Romania from November 2015 to January 2017. He was the leader of the Renew Europe party in the European Parliament from 2 July 2019 to 19 October 2021.

Before being Prime Minister, Cioloș was European Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development between 2010 and 2014, and the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in Romania from 2007 to 2008.

János Göröcs

János Göröcs (8 May 1939 – 23 February 2020) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a midfielder. 

Göröcs was born in Gánt. He played club football for Újpesti Dózsa and Tatabányai Bányász. He played 62 games and scored 19 goals for the Hungary national team. He played in the bronze medal winning national team at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He also played for his country at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He later coached Újpest.

Göröcs died in Budapest on 23 February 2020 at the age of 80.


Fred Chaney

Frederick Michael Chaney (born 28 October 1941) is an Australian politician. He was deputy leader of the Liberal Party from 1989 to 1990. He was a Senator for Western Australia from 1974 to 1990. After serving this role, he was a member of the House of Representatives for Pearce from 1990 to 1993.

As Senator, Chaney was Leader of the Opposition in the Senate 1983 to 1990. As a minister in the Fraser Government, he served as Minister for Administrative Services (1978), Aboriginal Affairs (1978–1980) and Social Security (1980–1983).

Chaney was born in Perth, Western Australia. He was the son of Liberal politician Sir Fred Chaney. His six siblings include businessman Michael Chaney and judge John Chaney. In 1964, he married Angela Clifton. The couple have three children.

Susan Ryan

Susan Maree Ryan (10 October 1942 – 27 September 2020) was an Australian public servant and politician. She was the Age Discrimination Commissioner from 2011 to 2016, within the Australian Human Rights Commission. She was a member of the Labor Party. She served as a Senator for the Australian Capital Territory between 1975 and 1987.

Ryan also served as a minister in the Hawke Government. In 1983, she became the first female Labor minister when she became the Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for the Status of Women and Minister for Education and Youth Affairs. She was involved in the creation of the and the . She was also Special Minister of State from 1987 to 1988.

Ryan was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She was married to government official Richard Butler from 1963 to 1972. The couple had two children.

On 25 September 2020, Ryan was hospitalized in intensive care at a hospital near Sydney after swimming. She died two days later on 27 September, aged 77.

Garry Wills

Garry Wills (born May 22, 1934) is an American author, journalist, and historian. His works focused in American history, politics, and religion, especially the history of the Catholic Church. He won a Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1993. He was born in Atlanta.

Wills has written nearly forty books and, since 1973. He has been a reviewer for "The New York Review of Books". He became a faculty member of the history department at Northwestern University in 1980, where he is currently an Emeritus Professor of History.

Hawthorne, Nevada

Hawthorne is a census-designated place (CDP) in Mineral County, Nevada, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 3,118. It is the county seat of Mineral County. 

Joseph Shabalala

Joseph Shabalala (28 August 1940 – 11 February 2020), born Bhekizizwe Joseph Siphatimandla Mxoveni Mshengu Bigboy Shabalala, was a South African singer and musician. He was the founder and musical director of the choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. Shabalala was born in Ladysmith, South Africa.

On 11 February 2020, Shabalala died at a hospital in Pretoria from back surgery-related problems at the age of 78.

Hector (French singer)

Jean-Pierre Kalfon, known professionally as Hector (20 October 1946 – 19 February 2020) was a French singer. He was born in Paris. Hector started his career with a group called "les Médiators". He separated from this group in 1964 and began his solo career. Hector wrote many of his songs alongside Jean Yanne and Gérard Sire.

Hector died of cancer on 19 February 2020, aged 73.


Peter Dreher

Peter Dreher (26 August 1932 – 20 February 2020) was a German artist and academic teacher. He painted series of landscapes, interiors, flowers and skulls, beginning his series "Tag um Tag guter Tag" in 1974. 

Dreher was a lecturer of painting at the Academy of Fine Arts, Karlsruhe from 1965 at the Freiburg location, and from 1968 a professor there. He retired from his position as a professor in 1997.

Dreher died in February 2020 at the age of 87.


Boris Leskin

Boris Leskin (January 5, 1923 – February 21, 2020) was a Romanian-born Russian-American actor. He was born in Chişinău, Bessarabia, Romania He was known for his roles in "Heavenly Swallows", "Vampire's Kiss" and "Men in Black". His last known role was in "Everything Is Illuminated.

Leskin died in New York City on February 21, 2020 at the age of 97.

Tao Porchon-Lynch

Tao Porchon-Lynch (born Täo Andrée Porchon, August 13, 1918 — February 21, 2020) was an American yoga master and author. She discovered yoga in 1926 when she was eight years old in India. 

At age 101, she taught a weekly class in New York, and led programs across the globe. She was the author of two books, including her autobiography, "Dancing Light: The Spiritual Side of Being Through the Eyes of a Modern Yoga Master", which won a 2016 IPPY Award and three 2016 International Book Awards. 

Deepak Chopra said: "One of the most acclaimed yoga teachers of our century, Tao Porchon-Lynch... is a mentor to me who embodies the spirit of yoga and is an example of Ageless Body, Timeless Mind. Like yoga, she teaches us to let go and to have exquisite awareness in every moment."

She was the recipient of India's Padma Shri in 2019 for her excellent work in the field of Yoga.

Krishna Bose

Krishna Bose (26 December 1930 – 22 February 2020) was an Indian politician, educator and social worker. She as a Member of Parliament elected from the Jadavpur constituency in West Bengal as an All India Trinamool Congress candidate. She was a MP from 1996 to 2004. Bose was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Bose died on 22 February 2020 in Kolkata, West Bengal, India of stroke-related problems at the age of 89.

June Dally-Watkins

June Marie Dally-Watkins (13 June 1927 – 22 February 2020) was an Australian businesswoman and fashion model. She was born in Sydney. 
In 1950 she started the Southern Hemisphere's first personal development school in Sydney to train young women in etiquette and deportment. A year later, she started Australia's first model agency and modelling school and later established a Business Finishing College.

She was featured on the popular Australian television show "Bogan Hunters" on 7mate in 2014.

In 2019, she was teaching etiquette to women in China.

Watkins died on 22 February 2020 in Sydney, aged 92.

Mike Hughes (daredevil)

Mike Hughes (February 9, 1956 – February 22, 2020), popularly known as "Mad" Mike Hughes, was an American limousine driver, daredevil, and flat Earth conspiracy theorist. He was known for flying in self-built steam rockets. 

Hughes planned to launch himself in a rocket on August 10, 2019, but mechanical troubles postponed the launch. The following weekend, the launch was again postponed and Hughes was treated for heat exhaustion.

Hughes was killed while filming a rocket stunt for an upcoming Science Channel television series on February 22, 2020. He was riding a rocket near Barstow, California when the rocket’s parachute appeared to deploy early and detach from the craft. He was 64 years old.


Barstow, California

Barstow is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. The population was 25,415 at the 2020 census. Barstow is located north of San Bernardino.

B. Smith

Barbara Elaine Smith (August 24, 1949 – February 22, 2020), professionally known as B. Smith, was an American restaurateur, model, author, businesswoman and television host. She was born in Everson, Pennsylvania.

Smith made two appearances on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", once as a model for Queen Sara's wedding dress, and once giving a tour of her restaurant, B. Smith, and making raspberry custard with Fred Rogers and her head chef, Henry.

Smith appeared as herself on "Prelude to a Kiss", a 1999 episode of the sitcom "Sabrina the Teenage Witch".

In 2014, Smith was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease. She died from the disease on February 22, 2020 at the age of 70.

Yüksekova

Yüksekova (, Syriac: "Gawar"), is a city and a district of Hakkari Province of Turkey. It is on the border with Iran. In February of 2020 it was buried under 6 meters of snow. 

Usman Ullah Khan

Usman Ullah Khan (29 September 1974 – 20 February 2020) was a Pakistani boxer. He competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Khan was born in Faisalabad. On 20 February 2020, he died of cancer in Canada. He was 45.


David Gold (businessman)

David Gold (9 September 1936 – 4 January 2023) was a British businessman. From 2010 to his death in 2023, he was joint chairman of Premier League club West Ham United with David Sullivan. He also served as chairman of Birmingham City Football Club until 2009. Gold owned Gold Group International (GGI), the parent company of the retailer Ann Summers and lingerie chain Knickerbox.

Gold was born in Stepney, East London. He was Jewish. He had two daughters, Jacqueline and Vanessa.

Gold died on 4 January 2023, at the age of 86.


Don't Start Now

“Don’t Start Now” is a song performed by English singer Dua Lipa. It was released on October 31, 2019, as the first single from her second studio album, "Future Nostalgia" (2020). The song was written by Lipa, Caroline Ailin, Emily Warren, and its producer, Ian Kirkpatrick.

The song has been successful on record charts, reaching number two in the UK and the US, where it outperformed her previous single, “New Rules”, which reached number six there.


Noticieros Televisa

Noticieros Televisa is the news division of Grupo Televisa, which produces national and local news for Televisa's TV channels and local stations across Mexico.

It is headed by Leopoldo Gómez, the Vice President of News for Televisa.

After the last broadcast of "24 Horas" with Jacobo Zabludovsky on January 20, 1998, Televisa restructured its news division. From 1998 to 2000, Jacobo's son Abraham Zabludovsky hosted its 10 p.m. successor, simply titled "Las Noticias"; Joaquín López-Dóriga took over from 2000 to 2016.

Other notable personalities who have hosted Televisa newscasts include Lolita Ayala, Guillermo Ortega, Adela Micha, Carlos Loret de Mola and Víctor Trujillo ("Brozo").

Most of Televisa's national newscasts air on its Las Estrellas network, covering key dayparts. Since 2016, Televisa's flagship 10 p.m. newscast, known as "10 En Punto", has been helmed by Denise Maerker. Its other weekday programs include "Despierta" (Wake Up), hosted by Danielle Dithurbide, and "Al Aire" with Paola Rojas in the mornings. The afternoon newscast "El Noticiero con Karla Iberia Sánchez" was moved from Las Estrellas to Nu9ve in 2018; it is that channel's only regular news program. The move left Las Estrellas without an afternoon newscast for the first time in decades.

In 2010, Televisa launched FOROtv, a channel devoted exclusively to news, analysis and documentary programming. FOROtv airs in Mexico City on XHTV-TDT (channel 4) and as a subchannel of 21 additional Televisa transmitters in large cities.

Outside of its national news output, Televisa produces local news at each of its Televisa Regional stations; local newscasts, under such titles as El Noticiero, Las Noticias and Notivisa.

Thích Quảng Độ

Thích Quảng Độ (; 27 November 1928 – 22 February 2020) was a Vietnamese Buddhist monk and scholar. He was the patriarch of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam (UBCV) from 2008 until his death. He was detained repeatedly by the communist authorities in the last 45 years of his life.

In 2002, he was awarded the Homo Homini Award for human rights activism. He was also awarded the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

He died on 22 February 2020 in Ho Chi Minh City of diabetes-related problems at the age of 91. 


Washtenaw County, Michigan

Washtenaw County () is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 372,258. The county seat is Ann Arbor. 

The county is home to the University of Michigan, Eastern Michigan University, Washtenaw Community College, and Concordia University Ann Arbor.

Naimatullah Khan

Naimthullah Khan (‎; 1 October 1930 – 25 February 2020) was a Pakistani politician. He was a member of Jamaat-e-Islami (JI). He served as mayor of Karachi, the largest city in Pakistan, from 2001 to 2005. He was born in Karachi. He was a graduate of Punjab University and the University of Karachi.

Khan died on 25 February 2020 at the age of 89.

Long Division (Low album)

Long Division is the second studio album by American indie rock band Low. It was released in 1995 on Vernon Yard Recordings.

Long Division (Rustic Overtones album)

Long Division is the second album by the Rustic Overtones. It was originally released on November 17, 1995. The albumn is the band longest till now and the length is an hour and seven minutes. 

It remains a fan favorite after a decade despite it being not widely available. It is deemed as the band breakthrough albumn. Until early 2008, the albumn is almost impossible to find. There are copies still found occasionally on websites such as eBay and Amazon.com. 

The band posted a teaser trailer on their MySpace that they were to re-release the album on November 15, 2007. At a show at Portland club The Asylum on November 24, 2007, the band announced the album will be re-released. Due to delays, the re-released album was finally released on the March 19,2008. There are some bonus tracks in the albumn. 

Reference:

Jahn Teigen

Jahn Teigen (born Jan Teigen; 27 September 1949 – 24 February 2020) was a Norwegian singer, musician and comedian. He represented Norway at the Eurovision Song Contest three times, in 1978, 1982 and 1983. He became known due to the result of his 1978 performance in the contest, which won "nul points" (a zero score) for Norway. He was also the lead singer of Popol Ace, before leaving the band to start a solo career.

Teigen was born in Tønsberg. He lived in Sweden later in life. He died on 24 February 2020 in Ystad, southern Sweden, at the age of 70.

Jan Kowalczyk

Jan Kowalczyk (18 December 1941 – 24 February 2020) was a Polish show jumping competitor. At the 1980 Summer Olympics, he won an individual gold and a team silver medal. He also competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

Kowalczyk was born in Drogomyśl. He died on 24 February 2020 in Warsaw, at the age of 78.


Margaret Guilfoyle

Dame Margaret Georgina Constance Guilfoyle ("née" McCartney; 15 May 1926 – 11 November 2020) was an Australian politician. She is a member of the Liberal Party. She served as a Senator for Victoria from 1971 to 1987. She was the first woman minister to administer a government department. She served as a minister for in the Fraser Government as Minister for Education (1975), Minister for Social Security (1975–1980) and Minister for Finance (1980–1983).

Guilfoyle was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Her family moved to Australia in 1928, settling in Melbourne, Victoria. In 1952, she married Stanley Guilfoyle. The couple had three children.

Guilfoyle died on 11 November 2020, aged 94.

Martin Cameron

Martin Bruce Cameron (born 24 August 1935) is an Australian politician. As a member of the Liberal Party, he served as a Senator for South Australia from May to October 1969. He was later a member of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1971 to 1990. 

During his time in the Parliament of South Australia, he served as a Liberal except from during 1973–76, when he represented the splinter Liberal Movement.

Cameron was born in Millicent, South Australia. In 1960, he married Barbara Hensley. The couple had five children.

Michael Townley (politician)

Michael Townley (born 4 November 1934) is an Australian politician. He served as a Senator for Tasmania from 1971 to 1987. He was elected as an independent but joined the Liberal Party in 1975. He was born in Hobart, Tasmania.

Peter Baume

Peter Erne Baume (born 30 January 1935) is an Australian politician and doctor. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He was a Senator for New South Wales from 1974 to 1991. He also served as Minister for Aboriginal Affairs (1980–1982) and Minister for Education (1982–1983) in the Fraser Government.

Baume was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He is the cousin of fellow Liberal Senator Michael Baume. He married Jennifer Broughton Tuson in 1958. The couple had two children.

Kathy Sullivan

Kathryn Jean Martin Sullivan (born 8 March 1942) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Liberal Party. She served as a Senator for Queensland from 1974 to 1984. She was also a member of the House of Representatives for the Division of Moncrieff from 1984 to 2001. She was the longest serving woman in the Australian Parliament. Her record was beaten by Bronwyn Bishop. She was also the first woman member of the parliament to have served in both houses.

Sullivan was born in Brisbane, Queensland. She was married to Donald Maher from 1965 to 1969. In 1983, she married American Robert Sullivan.

Nunchaku

Nunchaku is a weapon made up of two sticks connected by a short chain or rope. The two sections are mostly made out of wood and the middle part that links them is cord or metal chain. It is mostly used in martial arts. It is a traditional Japanese weapon originally developed in Okinawa. The Nunchaku consists of two sticks linked together by a short chain or rope. In more modern times, the nunchaku was popularized by the martial arts icon Bruce Lee. It is widely used in karate and the Okinawan kobudō martial arts. Nunchaku is considered a great training weapon that develops quicker movements and improves posture. 

The term nunchaku is from the Japanese Ryukyuan languages. The word itself was derived from a short Southeast Asian agricultural tool used for threshing rice or soybeans.

Today, the usage of the Nunchaku as a weapon is utilized in many different styles of martial arts such as karate, taekwondo, aikido, and even Eskrima, a Filipino martial arts discipline.

Don Grimes

Donald James Grimes (born 4 October 1937) is an Australian politician, diplomat and doctor. He is a member of the Labor Party. He was a Senator for Tasmania from 1974 to 1987. He served as a minister in the Hawke Government as Minister for Social Security (1983–1984) and Minister for Community Services (1984–1987). He also served as Australian Ambassador to the Netherlands from 1987 to 1991.

Grimes was born in Albury, New South Wales. He married Margaret Schofield in 1960. The couple had four children.

Stan Collard

Stanley James Collard (born 25 March 1936) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the National Party. From 1975 to 1987, he served as a Senator for Queensland. He was also leader of the National Party in the Senate from 1985 to 1987.

Collard was born in Maleny, Queensland. He married Gloria Pearl Auld in 1958. The couple had three children.

Brian Donovan

Brian Donovan (born January 19, 1967) is an American anime and cartoon voice actor. Donovan is best known for his role of Rock Lee in "Naruto" series. Donovan is also known as the lead role of Davis Motomiya from "Digimon Adventure 02".

Keychain

A keychain is a small chain made from metal or plastic. It is used to keep small items like keys connected to a keyring. Some keychains are used to connect keyring and belt of a person. Some people who always use keys in their jobs are, security guards, prison officers, and retail store managers.

Grant Tambling

Grant Ernest John Tambling (born 20 June 1943) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. From 1974 to 1977, he was a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. He was a member of the House of Representatives for the Division of Northern Territory from 1980 to 1983. He also served as a Senator for the Northern Territory from 1987 to 2001. He later served as Administrator of Norfolk Island from 2003 to 2007.

Tambling was born in Darwin, Northern Territory. He married Sandra McDowall in 1969. The couple have children.

Pam O'Neil

Pamela Frances O'Neil (born 20 September 1945) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Labor Party. She was a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Fannie Bay from 1977 to 1983. In the Hawke Government, she served as the first Sex Discrimination Commissioner from 1984 to 1988.

O'Neil was born in Brisbane, Queensland.

Ron Elstob

Ronald Charles Elstob (born 29 November 1924) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Labor Party. He served as a Senator for South Australia from 1978 to 1987. He was a waterside worker in Adelaide, South Australia.

Elstob was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He married Angela Elizabeth Smerla in 1949. The couple had two daughters.

Tony Messner

Anthony John Messner (born 24 September 1939) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He was a Senator for South Australia from 1975 to 1990. He also served as Minister for Veterans' Affairs (1980–1983) and as Administrator of Norfolk Island (1997–2003).

Messner was born in Melbourne, Victoria. From 1963 to 1983, he was married to Louise Ahrendt. They had two sons. In 1983, he married Robyn Rooke.

Kerry Sibraa

Kerry Walter Sibraa (born 12 October 1937) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Labor Party. He was a Senator for New South Wales from December 1975 to June 1978, and then again from August 1978 to February 1994. He also served as President of the Senate from 1987 to 1994. After leaving Parliament, Sibraa served as Australian High Commissioner to Zimbabwe from 1994 to 1998.

Sibraa was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married to Yvonne Margaret Melvin from 1957 to 1992. They had two children. In 1993, Sibraa married Julie Louise Hatcher.

Austin Lewis (politician)

Austin William Russell Lewis (born 5 December 1932) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for Victoria from 1976 to 1993.

Lewis was born in Richmond, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. He married Wilma Lawrey in 1956. The couple had four children.

Colin Mason

Colin Victor James Mason (born 28 October 1926) is a New Zealand-born Australian journalist, author and politician. He worked as a journalist for "The Sydney Morning Herald" and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). Mason's notable books include "Dragon Army" (1968), "A Short History of Asia" (2000) and "The 2030 Spike: Countdown to Global Catastrophe" (2003). As a member of the Australian Democrats, he served as a Senator for New South Wales from 1978 to 1987.

Mason was born in Auckland, New Zealand. In 1950, he moved to Australia. He married Nancy Williamson in 1952. The couple had three children.

Étienne de Gerlache

Étienne Constantin, Baron de Gerlache (26 December 178510 February 1871) was a Belgian politician. He was born in Luxembourg, and died in Paris. Gerlache studied law. When Napoleon was emperor, Gerlache was part of the Supreme Court in Paris. When Belgium and the Netherlands joined, he was part of a court in Liège. During this time, he wrote several articles about law subjects. In 1826, he became a member of the States General of the Netherlands. During that time he became known for his eloquence as the leader of the Catholic opposition. In 1831, he became the first Prime Minister of Belgium. Because he was a catholic, and all the other members of the government were liberals, this led to many conflicts. In the end, he resigned his post as Prime Minister. In 1832, he was elected head of the Supreme Court of Belgium. In church matters, he was an ultramontanist.

Ultramontanism

Ultranontanism was a movement within the Roman Catholic Church of the 18th and 19th century. It placed strong emphasis on what the pope had to say. The name in composed of ultra ("beyond"), and refered to the fact that the pope at that time was on the other side of the Alps.


Wylie Gibbs

Wylie Talbot Gibbs (born 26 July 1922) is an Australian politician and surgeon. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a member of the House of Representatives for the Division of Bowman from 1963 to 1969. 

Gibbs grew up in Ipswich, Queensland. His brother, Harry, was Chief Justice of Australia from 1981 to 1987. From 1947 until her death in 2015, he was married to Audrey Wald. The couple had eight children.

Bruce George

Bruce Thomas George (1 June 1942 – 24 February 2020) was a British politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Walsall South from 1974 to 2010.

George was born in Mountain Ash, Glamorgan, Wales. He married Lisa Toelle in 1992. On 24 February 2020, George died due to Alzheimer's disease in London. He was 77.

James Milne Wilson

Sir James Milne Wilson (29 February 1812 – 29 February 1880) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. He served as premier of Tasmania from 1869 to 1872. He was also president of the Tasmanian Legislative Council from 1872 until his death in 1880.

Wilson was born in Banff, Scotland. He married Deborah Hope in 1847. In 1880, he died on his 68th birthday in Hobart Town, Tasmania. Wilson was born on 29 February, making him a leapling, and died on the same date.


Dawn Lawrie

Alline Dawn Lawrie (born 3 November 1938) is an Australian politician. She served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1983 for Nightcliff. In the first assembly of the Northern Territory, she and fellow independent Ron Withnall were the only non-Country Liberal Party members. From 1988 to 1990, she served as administrator of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands.

Lawrie was born in Melbourne, Victoria. In the 1950s, she moved to Alice Springs, Northern Territory. She moved to Darwin in 1960. Her daughter, Delia Lawrie was the leader of the Labor Party and Opposition in the Northern Territory.

Noel Padgham-Purich

Cecilia Noel Padgham-Purich (born 25 December 1927) is an Australian politician. She was a member of the Country Liberal Party before becoming an independent. She served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1977 to 1997. During her time in the assembly, she represented Tiwi (1977–1983), Koolpinyah (1983–1990) and Nelson (1990–1997). She also served as Minister for Housing and Conservation from 1983 to 1984 under Paul Everingham and Ian Tuxworth.

Padgham-Purich was born in Quairading, Western Australia. She has six children, including Kezia Purick.

David MacGibbon

David John MacGibbon (born 13 May 1934) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for Queensland from 1978 to 1999.

MacGibbon was born in Brisbane, Queensland, and grew up in Maryborough. He married Pamela Beak in 1958. The couple had four children.

Kostas Voutsas

Kostas Voutsas (; 31 December 1931 – 26 February 2020) was a Greek actor, director, and writer. He was born in Athens. He made his stage and screen debut in 1953. In 1961 his breakthrough came when the Greek film director Giannis Dalianidis gave him a leading role in his melodrama "O Katiforos". He soon became one of the best and most popular comic in Greece during the 1960s and 1970s. He also starred in like Aristophanes' "The Wasps" and Molière's "Le bourgeois gentilhomme".

He was the voice of Carl Fredricksen in the Disney-Pixar's Greek dub version of "Up".

Voutsas died of a respiratory tract infection on 26 February 2020 at an Athens hospital, aged 88.

Horst Paulmann

Horst Paulmann Kemna (born 22 March 1935) is a German-Chilean billionaire entrepreneur. He is founder and chairman of Cencosud, the largest retail chain in Chile and the third largest in Latin America.

According to "Forbes", his fortune is estimated at US$4.8 billion, and the second richest man in Chile.

Pehr G. Gyllenhammar

Pehr Gustaf Gyllenhammar (born 28 April 1935) is a Swedish businessman. He is mainly known for his 24 years as CEO and chairman of Volvo, between 1970 and 1994. In the early 1980s he took the initiative for the European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT).

Gyllenhammar is now Vice Chairman of Rothschild Europe. Gyllenhammar was made Commander of the "Ordre National du Mérite" in France in 1980 and he was made Commander of the Legion of Honour in France in 1987.

Jack White (music producer)

Jack White (born Horst Nußbaum, 2 September 1940) is a German music composer and producer and former football player. White was born in Cologne, Germany.

Among the songs he produced or co-produced for the international market were Laura Branigan's "Gloria" (1982), "Solitaire" (1983), "How Am I Supposed To Live Without You" (1983), "Self-Control" (1984) and "The Lucky One" (1984), as well as Jermaine Jackson's and Pia Zadora's "When the Rain Begins to Fall" (1984).

Jean Pütz

Jean Pütz (born September 21, 1936) is a German Science journalist and TV host. He was born in Cologne. Pütz originally took an education as an electrician before completing his Abitur. In 1970, he became a regular host on science shows on WDR Fernsehen. He is mainly known for his show "" which ran for nearly 30 years, from 1974 up to 2004, on the channels WDR and NDR Fernsehen.


Story Musgrave

Franklin Story Musgrave, M.D. (born August 19, 1935) is an American physician and a retired NASA astronaut. 

He is a public speaker and consultant to both Disney's Imagineering group and Applied Minds in California. 

In 1996 he became the second astronaut to fly on six spaceflights, and he is the most formally educated astronaut with six academic degrees. Musgrave is the only astronaut to fly aboard all five Space Shuttles.

Before to John Glenn's return to space in 1998, Musgrave held the record for the oldest person in orbit, at age 61.

He retired from NASA in 1997.

LGBT community

The LGBT community (or LGBTQ community or GLBT community), also referred to as the gay community, is a loosely defined grouping of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, LGBT organizations, and subcultures, united by a common culture and social movements. 

These communities generally celebrate pride, diversity, individuality, and sexuality. LGBT activists and sociologists see LGBT community as a counterbalance to heterosexism, homophobia, biphobia, transphobia, sexualism, and conformist pressures.

The term "pride" or sometimes "gay pride" is used to express the LGBT community's identity. The LGBT community is diverse in political affiliation. Not all people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender consider themselves part of the LGBT community.

Groups that may be considered part of the LGBT community include gay villages, LGBT rights organizations, LGBT employee groups at companies, LGBT student groups in schools and universities, and LGBT-affirming religious groups.

LGBT communities may organize themselves into, or support, movements for civil rights promoting LGBT rights in various places around the world.


Vice-President of Egypt

The Vice-President of the Arab Republic of Egypt is a senior official within the Egyptian government.

This list contains Vice-Presidents of United Arab Republic (1958–71, included Syria until the 1961 coup d'état) and Arab Republic of Egypt (1971–present).

Mohamed Naguib

Mohamed Naguib (, ; 19 February 1901 – 28 August 1984) was the first President of Egypt, serving from 18 June 1953 to 14 November 1954. Naguib and Gamal Abdel Nasser started the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 causing the monarchy of Egypt leading to Naguib being the First President of Egypt However in 1953, Nasser accused Naguib of supporting the recently outlawed Muslim Brotherhood . After that, a power struggle broke out between the two. Nasser ultimately won the struggle and placed Naguib in House Arrest until President Anwar Sadat released him in 1972.

He was the 30th Prime Minister of Egypt from September 1952 to February 1954 (monarch Fuad II Fuad II of Egypt) before starting another term until April the same year.

He died of liver cirrhosis in August 1984. President Hosni Mubarak attended his funeral.

Mohamed Hussein Tantawi

Mohamed Hussein Tantawy Soliman 31 October 1935 – 21 September 2021) was an Egyptian field marshal and politician. 

He was the commander-in-chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces and, as Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, was the "de facto" head of state from the ousting of Hosni Mubarak on 11 February 2011 to the inauguration of Mohamed Morsi as President of Egypt on 30 June 2012. 

Tantawy served in the government as Minister of Defense and Military Production from 1991 until Morsi ordered Tantawy to retire on 12 August 2012.

Tantawi died on 21 September 2021 in Cairo at the age of 85.

Essam Sharaf

Essam Abdel-Aziz Sharaf (, ; born 1952) is an Egyptian academic. He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 3 March 2011 to 7 December 2011. He was Minister of Transportation from 2004 to 2005.

Hesham Qandil

Hesham Mohamed Kandil or Kandeel (also spelled: " Hisham Qandil or Qandeel ";  ) (born 17 September 1962) is an Egyptian engineer and civil servant. He was Prime Minister of Egypt from 2012 to 2013. 

Qandil was appointed as Prime Minister by President Mohamed Morsi on 24 July 2012. Qandil was Minister of Water Resources and Irrigation from 2011 to 2012.

Moustafa Madbouly

Mostafa Kemal Madbouly (, born 28 April 1966) is an Egyptian politician. He is the current Prime Minister of Egypt since 2018. He was appointed by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to replace Sherif Ismail following his government's resignation in the wake of Sisi's re-election. 

Madbouly also worked in the Egyptian Government as Minister of Housing and Urban Utilities, and has also briefly was interim Prime Minister.

Nubar Pasha

Nubar Pasha ( (January 1825 – 14 January 1899) was an Egyptian-Armenian politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Egypt. He was Prime Minister three times during his career. 

His first term was between August 1878 and 23 February 1879. His second term was between 10 January 1884 to 9 June 1888. His final term was between 16 April 1894 and 12 November 1895.

Sufi Abu Taleb

Sufi Abu Taleb ( ; January 27, 1925 – February 21, 2008) was an Egyptian politician. He was Speaker of the People's Assembly from 1978 to 1983 and, following the assassination of Anwar El Sadat on 6 October 1981, he became acting head of state for eight days, until Hosni Mubarak took power.

Franklin, Louisiana

Franklin is a small city in and the parish seat of St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 6,728 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Morgan City Micropolitan Statistical Area.

St. Mary Parish, Louisiana

St. Mary Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 49,406. The parish seat is Franklin. The parish was created in 1811.

Bossier Parish, Louisiana

Bossier Parish ( ; ) is a parish located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 128,746. The parish seat is Benton. The principal city is Bossier City.

Lal Khan

Lal Khan (born Tanveer Gondal; June 1956 – 21 February 2020) was a Pakistani political activist and Marxist political theorist.

He was a physician by profession but ceased practicing medicine. He was the leader of the Pakistani Marxist organisation "The Struggle", and editor of its newspaper. He also wrote regular articles for Daily Times and the Dunya.

He died on 21 February 2020 of cancer at the age of 63.

Chamberlain (office)

A Chamberlain is a person who takes care of the household of a monarch or noble.

István Csukás

István Csukás (2 April 1936 – 24 February 2020) was a Hungarian poet and novelist. He was awarded the Kossuth Prize in 1999. He was born in Kisújszállás, Kingdom of Hungary. From 1972 to 1975, he wrote the script for the popular puppet program "Mirr-Murr kandúr kalandjai".

Csukás died on 24 February 2020 at a hospital in Budapest at the age of 83.

Éric Laforge

Éric Laforge (24 January 1964 – 15 February 2020) was a French radio host. He was best known for hosting the show "Le Morning Club", which was broadcast on Classic 21. He also worked for Europe 1, RTL2, NRJ, and Radio France. Laforge was born in Compiègne, France.

Laforge died on 15 February 2020 from surgery-related problems in La Louvière, Belgium at the age of 56.

Mashgiach

A mashgiach (Hebrew: משגיח, lit. "supervisor"; pl. משגיחים, mashgichim) is a Jew who supervises the kashrut status of a kosher establishment. They usually supervise places where food is produced, such as slaughterhouses, food manufacturers, hotels, caterers, nursing homes, restaurants, butchers or groceries.

John Robertson (Olympic sailor)

John Norman Frank Robertson (May 8, 1929 – February 19, 2020) was a Canadian sailor. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the Star class and at the 1952 Summer Olympics in the Dragon class.

Robertson died on February 19, 2020 in Burlington, Ontario. He was 90.


Japanese pronouns

The Japanese language has a complicated system of pronouns that is based on things like the speaker's gender, relationship to the listener(s), rank in the speaker's group, how polite the speaker is trying to be, and several other things. Since there are so many different pronouns for each person (first, second, and third), and so few that can be appropriately used in every situation, many people say that Japanese lacks true pronouns.

According to the Japanese language blog Tofugu, Japanese has more first-person pronouns than any other language. To give examples of the complexity of Japanese pronouns, "watashi" could be considered the normal polite way of calling yourself if you are unsure of what to call yourself, but if you are male, you could call yourself "boku" or "ore" if you are with friends or family, but you should call yourself "watakushi" if you are talking to your boss or in a formal situation. If you are female, it is normal to call yourself "watashi" even in casual situations, although you can also call yourself "atashi" or "uchi". The most common plural first-person pronoun is "watashi-tachi", but in formal situations you can call yourselves "ware-ware" (which is also sometimes used to describe "the people [of Japan]). This does not describe every first-person pronoun, but this explanation is written to give the reader an idea. 

Since most Japanese see the second-person (e.g. "you") pronoun as very intimate, second-person is usually avoided and the second-person is talked to using a third-person (e.g. "he/she/it/they") pronoun instead.

Jim Hagedorn

James Lee Hagedorn (August 4, 1962 – February 17, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from from 2019 until his death. 

On January 7, 2021, Hagedorn voted to not approve Joe Biden's victory in the 2020 presidential election because of false claims of voter fraud.

In 2019, Hagedorn was diagnosed with stage-4 kidney cancer.

In January 2022, Hagedorn was hospitalized in Rochester, Minnesota, after testing positive for COVID-19. He died on February 17, 2022 from cancer at the age of 59.

Blue Earth, Minnesota

Blue Earth is a city in Faribault County, Minnesota, at the confluence of the east and west branches of the Blue Earth River. The population was 3,174 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Faribault County.

Bob Chapek

Robert "Bob" Chapek (born 21 August 1960) is an American media executive officer and businessman. He is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of The Walt Disney Company. Before becoming CEO on February 25, 2020, he was the Chairman of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products.

Chapek worked for H. J. Heinz and in advertising for J. Walter Thompson before joining The Walt Disney Company in 1993.

Chapek was appointed as the president of Disney Consumer Products in September 2011. On February 23, 2015, Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day to replace Thomas O. Staggs.

In February 2020, Chapek was named as the chief executive officer of The Walt Disney Company replacing Bob Iger, who will remain chairman.


Jahrom

Jahrom (جهرم) is a city in south Iran with a population of 141,000 (2016). Most of them are Persians and Shia Musllims. Jahrom is the largest city in the southern half of Fars Province.

Keturah

Keturah was a wife of Abraham. Abraham married Keturah after the death of Sarah. She had six children with Abraham, whose names are Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, Shuah (Gen 25:1-2). Rashi said that Keturah was actually Hagar known by another name.

Marshall Perron

Marshall Bruce Perron (born 5 February 1942) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He was Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 1988 to 1995. also served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1995. He represented Stuart Park (1974–1983) and Fannie Bay (1983–1995).

Perron was born in Perth, Western Australia. His family were from Darwin but had been evacuated to Perth due to the threat of Japanese attack during World War II. Perron was born two weeks before the bombing of Darwin.

Stephen Hatton

Stephen Paul Hatton (born 28 January 1948) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 1986 to 1988. He was also a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Nightcliff from 1983 to 2001.

Hatton was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

John Watson (Australian politician)

John Odin Wentworth Watson (born 25 January 1937) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for Tasmania from 1978 to 2008. From July 2005 until he left parliament in June 2008, he was "the Father of the Senate."

Watson was born in Launceston, Tasmania.

Northern Territory Legislative Assembly

The Legislative Assembly of the Northern Territory is the only house of the Parliament of the Northern Territory, Australia. The Legislative Assembly has 25 members that are each elected for single-member electorates.

The Legislative Assembly replaced the Northern Territory Legislative Council in 1974.


Parliament of the Northern Territory

The Parliament of the Northern Territory is the legislature of the Northern Territory of Australia. 

It has one chamber. The Administrator of the Northern Territory represents the Governor-General. 

This is one of three one-chamber ("unicameral") parliaments in Australia (the others are the Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory. The Northern Territory chamber sits in Parliament House, Darwin.


Baden Teague

Baden Chapman Teague (born 18 September 1944) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for South Australia from 1977 until his retirement in 1996.

Teague was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He married Katherine Jane Packard in 1972. The couple have three sons, including Josh Teague.

Ear drop

An ear drop is a type of treatment for ears. It may be used for blocked ears, and also for simple ear infections. For children under the age of 12, it may be applied to the infected ear five times. 


Michael Tate

Michael Carter Tate (born 12 October 1937) is an Australian politician, diplomat, academic and priest. He is a member of the Labor Party. He was a Senator for Tasmania from 1978 to 1993. He also served as Special Minister of State (1987), Minister for Justice (1987–1993) and Minister for Consumer Affairs (1990–1992). From 1993 to 1996, Tate was Australian Ambassador to both the Holy See and the Netherlands.

Tate was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

Chris Puplick

Christopher John Guelph Puplick (born 13 May 1948) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for New South Wales from 1978 to 1981, and then again from 1984 to 1990.

Puplick was born in London, United Kingdom. His family moved to Sydney, New South Wales in 1962. He was married to Francesca Muir until their divorce.

Balsa tree

The Balsa tree ("Ochroma pyramidale") is a tree that grows in Tropical South America. It can reach a height of , and grows very fast. Because its wood is very light and flexible, it is grown in plantations. 

Eric Manuell

George Eric Manuell (born 28 April 1941) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as the member for Alice Springs in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1976 to 1977.

Roger Ryan

Roger Ryan (born 2 August 1939) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Millner from 1974 to 1977.

Jim Robertson (politician)

James Murray Robertson (born 16 February 1945) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1986. He represented Gillen (1974–1983) and Araluen (1983–1986).

Robertson was born in Renmark, South Australia.

Roger Steele

Roger Michael Steele (born 29 May 1939) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1987. He represented Ludmilla (1974–1983) and Elsey (1983–1987).

Steele also served as the Speaker of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1986.

Members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly, 1974–1977

This is a list of members of the first Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1977. This Assembly only had limited powers, as the Northern Territory was not granted self-government until 1978.

Dave Pollock

David Lloyd Pollock (born 17 November 1942) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for MacDonnell from 1974 to 1977.

Nick Dondas

Nicholas Manuel Dondas (born 26 October 1939) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He represented the Division of Northern Territory in the House of Representatives from 1996 to 1998. He also served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Casuarina from 1974 to 1994. He was the assembly's speaker from 1989 to 1994.

Dondas was born in Perth, Western Australia.

Caillou's Holiday Movie

Caillou's Holiday Movie is a 2003 animated children's movie. It was released on October 7, 2003. It is based on the "Caillou" TV show. It is the first "Caillou" movie to be released.

Caillou is celebrating the holidays by doing winter-themed things, like playing with snowballs.

DVDtalk said the movie contained “positive messages” that its "image quality" was "excellent".

Hyacinth Tungutalum

Hyacinth Gabriel Tungutalum (14 August 1946 – 7 April 2009) was an Australian politician. He was the first Indigenous Australian to be elected to a state or territory parliament. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. From 1974 to 1977, he served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Tiwi.

Tungutalum was from the Tiwi Islands. He was married to Natalie and had two sons. On 7 April 2009, Tungutalum died of a heart attack at the age of 62.

Les MacFarlane

John Leslie Stuart MacFarlane (26 March 1919 – 15 January 1986) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Elsey from 1974 to 1983. He was also the assembly's speaker from 1975 to 1984.

MacFarlane was born in Sydney, New South Wales. On 15 January 1986, MacFarlane died at the age of 66.

Milton Ballantyne

Milton James Ballantyne (5 November 1928 – 15 December 2015) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Nhulunbuy from 1974 to 1980.

Ballantyne died on 15 December 2015, at the age of 87.

Erico Spinadel

Erico Spinadel (6 May 1929 – 25 February 2020) was an Austrian-Argentine industrial engineer. His works were about Wind Power. He got his PhD at the University of Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 2004.

Spinadel joined the Argentine National Atomic Energy Commission (CNEA) in 1956 and in January 1959. He was the first operator to drive a nuclear reactor (the RA 1) to critical conditions. 

Between 1994 and 2001, he was Consulting Full Professor at the University of Buenos Aires, School of Engineering. From 1986 to 1994 he was Director of the Electricity Department of the School of Engineering, University of Buenos Aires FIUBA. From 1994 he was Consulting Emeritus Professor at the National University of Lujan. 
In 1994, he was President of the Argentine Wind Energy Association (AAEE). 

From 2008 he was Regional Director on the Latin American Wind Energy Association (LAWEA). and Member of the Board of the World Wind Energy Association.

Javier Arias Stella

Javier Arias Stella (August 2, 1924 – February 25, 2020) was a Peruvian pathologist and politician. He was a co-founder of the new Cayetano Heredia University in 1961, becoming head of pathology there in 1975. 

Arias Stella was Peru's health minister in the 1960s twice, and as the country's foreign minister from 1980 to 1983, under the presidency of Fernando Belaúnde. He also, for two terms, was President of the United Nations Security Council in the mid 1980s.

Arias Stella died on 25 February 2020 at the age of 95.

Ben Cooper

Ben Cooper (September 30, 1933 – February 24, 2020) was an American actor. He won a Golden Boot Award in 2005 for his work in westerns. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut. His best known roles were in "Johnny Guitar", "Gunfight at Comanche Creek" and in "Rebel in Town".

Cooper died on February 24, 2020 at a nursing home in Memphis, Tennessee of dementia-related problems, aged 86. 


Roger Vale

Roger William Stanley Vale (28 June 1942 – 10 April 2001) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1994. He represented Stuart (1974–1983) and Braitling (1983–1994).

Vale also served as the Speaker of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1986 to 1989.

Vale's father, Monte Vale, was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. On 10 April 2001, he died in Alice Springs, Northern Territory , at the age of 58.

Jacques Houplain

Jacques Houplain (10 September 1920 – 22 February 2020) was a French painter and engraver.

Along with engraving and painting, Houplain studied art history. He was a fellow at the Maison Descartes in Amsterdam, and he studied the work of Hercules Seghers and his influences on Rembrandt. He won the Abd-el-Tif prize in 1949 and stayed in Algeria for the two following years. Upon his return to France, Houplain began teaching art history at the École nationale supérieure des arts appliqués et des métiers d'art.

Houplain died on 22 February 2020 at the age of 99.


Ron Withnall

Ronald John Withnall (9 December 1914 – 16 September 1990) was an Australian politician and lawyer. In 1960, he was elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Council. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1977 for Port Darwin. In the first assembly of the Northern Territory, he and fellow independent Dawn Lawrie were the only non-Country Liberal Party members.

Withnall was born in Townsville, Queensland. He died in 1990 at the age of 75.

Lena Granhagen

Karin Anna-Lena Granhagen (born 7 January 1938) is a Swedish actress and singer. She has appeared in 40 movies and television shows since 1958. She starred in the 1969 movie "Made in Sweden", which won a Silver Bear award at the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.

Granhagen also starred in "Musik ombord" (1958), "Damen i svart" (1958), "Mannequin in Red" (1958), "Himmel och pannkaka" (1959), "Sommar och syndare" (1960), "På en bänk i en park" (1960), "The Cat and the Canary" (1961), "The Cats" (1965), "Stimulantia" (1967), "Hugs and Kisses" (1967), "Children's Island" (1980), "Love Me!" (1986) and "Glasblåsarns barn" (1998).

Granhagen was born in Luleå, Sweden. She was engaged to actor Olof Thunberg.

Bernie Kilgariff

Bernard Francis Kilgariff (30 September 1923 – 13 April 2010) was an Australian politician. He was one of the founders of the Country Liberal Party. From 1975 to 1987, he was a Senator for the Northern Territory. He also served as the member for Alice Springs in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1976.

Kilgariff was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He died in Alice Springs, Northern Territory on 13 April 2010, at the age of 86. After his death, a state funeral for Kilgariff was held.

Liz Andrew

Elizabeth Jean Andrew-Oates (28 February 1948 – 12 April 1993) was an Australian politician. She was a member of the Country Liberal Party. She served as the member for Sanderson in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1977.

Andrew was born in Border Town, South Australia. She was married twice and had two children. In 1989, she was diagnosed with cancer. She died on 12 April 1993 in Adelaide, South Australia, at the age of 45.

Cilician pirates

Cilician pirates dominated the Mediterranean Sea from the 2nd century BC until their suppression by Pompey in 6766 BC. Because there were notorious pirate strongholds in Cilicia, on the southern coast of Asia Minor, the term "Cilician" was used to refer to any pirates in the Mediterranean.
The Battle of Korakesion in 67 BC was said by Plutarch to be the "key battle of Pompey's clearing of the Mediterranean of pirates". By 66 BC, the pirates were no more."

Rupert Kentish

Rupert James Kentish (26 June 1914 – 20 December 1978) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the National Party and later the Country Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Council from 1968 to 1974. He then served in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1974 to 1977 for Arnhem.

Kentish was born in the Gums, Queensland. He was married to Maluda, an indigenous woman. He died in 1978 or 1979.

1920 North Dakota Blizzard

The 1920 North Dakota blizzard was a severe blizzard that killed 34 people from March 15–18, 1920 in the U.S. state of North Dakota. 

High winds and an eight-inch (20-centimeter) snowfall stopped rail service in Bismarck, North Dakota. Only one telephone line functioned between Fargo, North Dakota, and Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Black and white

Black and white (B/W or B&W) images combine black and white in a continuous spectrum, producing a range of shades of gray. In the 1910s through 1950s, all to some movies were made only in black and white.

The earliest television broadcasts were transmitted in black and white, and received and displayed by black and white only television sets. Scottish inventor John Logie Baird demonstrated the world's first color television transmission on July 3, 1928.

Color television

Color television is a television transmission technology that includes information on the color of the picture, so the video image can be displayed in color on the television set. It was an upgraded form from black and white to color transmission in the 1960s to the 1980s. 

The invention of color television standards is an important part of the history of television, and it is described in the technology of television article.

Glynn County, Georgia

Glynn County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. In the 2020 census, 84,499 people lived there. The county seat is Brunswick. Glynn County is part of the Brunswick, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.

High-definition video

High-definition video (HDTV Video or HD video) is video of higher resolution and quality than standard-definition. While there is no standardized meaning for "high-definition", generally any video image with considerably more than 480 vertical scan lines (North America) or 576 vertical lines (Europe) is considered high-definition.

480 scan lines is generally the minimum even though the majority of systems greatly pass that. 

Digital 3D

Digital 3D is a non-specific 3D standard in which movies, television shows, and video games are presented and shot in digital 3D technology or later processed in digital post-production to add a 3D effect.

One of the first studios to use digital 3D was Walt Disney Pictures. The 2008 animated feature "Bolt" was the first movie which was animated and rendered for digital 3D.

4K resolution

4K resolution talks about a horizontal display resolution of about 4,000 pixels. Digital television and digital cinematography commonly use several different 4K resolutions. In television and consumer media, 3840x2160 (4K UHD) is a common 4K standard. The movie projection industry uses 4096x2160 (DCI 4K). The 4K used for iMac's display is 4096 x 2304 px.

January 2021 Christian Democratic Union of Germany leadership election

The 2021 Christian Democratic Union leadership election is set to take place during the Christian Democratic Union party's 33rd Congress. It was set to take place in Berlin on the 25 April 2020, following Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer's decision in February 2020 to resign as Leader of the party. However, the election was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic.

On 14 September 2020, it was announced that the election would be held as a one-day meeting on 4 December 2020, during which the leadership election would take place. In October 2020, it was postponed again to 15 and 16 January 2021.

After her announcement, Norbert Röttgen surprisingly announced on the 18 February his intention to run for the leadership. This was followed by a joint announcement on the 25 February by Armin Laschet and Jens Spahn, in which Spahn endorsed Laschet for the leadership and Laschet announced his intention to stand.

A couple of hours later on the 25 February Friedrich Merz in turn announced his intention to stand for the leadership of the party.

Armin Laschet

Armin Laschet (born 18 February 1961) is a German politician. On 16 January 2021, he was elected Leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), replacing Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer. He was the Minister-president of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2017 until 2021. He has also been a member of the Bundestag since 2021 and Vice President of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe since 2022. 

In February 2020, Laschet announced his candidacy for Christian Democratic Union of Germany leader in the 2021 leadership election. He won the leadership race on 16 January 2021 after beating Friedrich Merz in the second round.

In the 2021 election, the CDU lost 50 seats with many news outlets seeing it as a historical loss. Following the federal election, Laschet claimed personal responsibility for the bad result and resigned as party leader.

Laschet resigned as Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia on 26 October 2021 in order to become a member of the Bundestag.

Norbert Röttgen

Norbert Röttgen (born 2 July 1965) is a German lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He was Federal Minister for Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2009 to May 2012.

In February 2020, Röttgen announced his candidacy for Christian Democratic Union of Germany leader in the 2021 leadership election. He was eliminated in the first round of voting on 15 January 2021.

Vice (magazine)

Vice is a Canadian-American magazine. It was started by Suroosh Alvi, Gavin McInnes and Shane Smith in 1994 in Montreal, Canada as "The Voice of Montreal". It was a magazine for alternative punk music and received government funding. It is now an alternative media outlet which talks about lifestyle, the arts, culture, news and politics. When the editors later sought to get rid of their connections with the original publisher Alix Laurent, they bought him out and changed the name to "Vice" in 1996.

As of February 2018, the magazine's editor-in-chief is Ellis Jones and former editor-in-chief for the UK, Alex Miller, was appointed to the position of global head of content.


Louis XI

Louis XI (3 July 1423 – 30 August 1483), called "Louis the Prudent" (), was King of France from 1461 to 1483. His father was Charles VII and his mother was Marie of Anjou.

Born in Bourges, France, Louis was married to Margaret Stewart, daughter of James I of Scotland.

Louis rebelled against his father in 1440 as head of the "Praguerie". Despite this, he was forgiven. Louis gave him the management of an area of south-east France known as the Dauphiné. There, Louis led his own political establishment and married Charlotte of Savoy, daughter of Louis, Duke of Savoy. His father did not approve of the marriage and sent an army, but Louis fled to Burgundy, where he was hosted by Charles' biggest enemy Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy.

When Charles VII died in 1461, Louis became King of France. He earned the nicknames "the Cunning" (Middle French: "le rusé") and "the Universal Spider" (Middle French: "l'universelle aragne"), as his enemies accused him of spinning webs of plots and conspiracies.

In 1472, the next Duke of Burgundy, Charles the Bold, fought against Louis in the Burgundian Wars. However, Louis was able to separate Charles from his English allies by signing the Treaty of Picquigny (1475) with Edward IV of England. The treaty officially ended the Hundred Years' War. With the death of Charles the Bold at the Battle of Nancy in 1477, the dynasty of the Dukes of Burgundy ended. Louis took advantage of the situation to seize numerous Burgundian territories, including Burgundy itself and Picardy.

Without direct foreign threats, Louis was able to get rid of his rebellious vassals, expand royal power, and strengthen the economic development of his country. He died on 30 August 1483, and was succeeded by his son Charles VIII.

Peptide hormone

Peptide hormones are hormones whose molecules are peptide. Peptide hormones have shorter amino acid chain lengths than protein hormones. These hormones have an effect on the endocrine system of animals, including humans.

"The word "peptide" refers to peptide bonds between amino acids", according to media. 


Florin Cîțu

Florin-Vasile Cîțu (born 1 April 1972) is a Romanian politician and senator. He was elected in 2016. On 4 November 2019, he became finance minister in the Orban Cabinet, lead by prime minister, Ludovic Orban.

On 26 February 2020, after the Romanian Parliament passed a motion of no confidence against the Orban Cabinet, President Klaus Iohannis designated Cîțu Prime Minister of Romania and asked him to form a new government. He resigned in November 2021 and later became President of the Senate of Romania.

Stellar association

A stellar association is a loose star cluster, looser than both open clusters and globular clusters. Stellar associations usually have from 10 to 100 or more stars.

The stars have a common origin. They are moving together through space. Stellar associations were first discovered by the Soviet Armenian astronomer Victor Ambartsumian in 1947.

Theophilus of Antioch

Theophilus was a Patriarch of Antioch. () He succeeded Eros c. 169, and was succeeded by Maximus I c. 183. These dates are only approximations. His death probably occurred between 183 and 185.

Bethnal Green

Bethnal Green is an area in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom.

Bethnal Green has a wide history. It was the place where over 150 people lost their lives in the underground. This was the worst civilian casualty number in the whole of World War II.

David Baszucki

David Baszucki (born January 20, 1963) is a Canadian-born American entrepreneur, engineer, and inventor. He is the co-founder of "Roblox".

Fargo tornado

The Fargo tornado was a deadly F5 tornado that struck Fargo, North Dakota, on Thursday, June 20, 1957. The tornado was part of a larger system of storms that resulted in five separate tornadoes in the immediate region.
Damage was extensive and included 100 blocks of Fargo. Approximately 329 homes were destroyed and some of them were completely swept off their foundations - a classic example of F5 damage.

Dr. Ted Fujita studied the Fargo Tornado and coined many terms including wall cloud, tail cloud,and collar cloud.

A reunion of survivors took place on June 20, 2007, the same day the tornado took place in Fargo, North Dakota.

Teretriphora

Teretriphora is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks. They are in a family called Triphoridae.

Species within the genus "Teretriphora" include:


Leptothorax pacis

Leptothorax pacis is a species of ant. It belongs to the genus "Leptothorax". It is endemic to Switzerland.

The Children's Blizzard

The Children's Blizzard, also known as the Schoolchildren's Blizzard, School Children's Blizzard, or Schoolhouse Blizzard, was a severe blizzard that hit the U.S. plains states on January 12, 1888. The blizzard came unexpectedly on a relatively warm day, and many people were caught unaware, including children in one-room schoolhouses.
235 died in the storm (213 being children, 22 being adults). Most died trying to return home.

North Dakota Hymn

The "North Dakota Hymn" is the regional anthem (or "state song") of the U.S. state of North Dakota. It was written by a poet named James Foley in 1926 in such a way that it could be sung along with the tune of "The Austrian Hymn". C. S. Putman arranged the music with distinct ragtime syncopation.

Attica, Kansas

Attica is a town in Harper County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 516 people lived there. The town was named after the historical area of Attica, in Greece.

Land for the City of Attica was bought in late June 1884. It became the end of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway. The town was incorporated on February 16, 1885, and 1,500 people lived there. More people came to Attica until the Cherokee Outlet in northern Oklahoma was opened by a Land run in 1893. Many people moved south to that area.

On May 12, 2004, the town was damaged by an F4 tornado. It was shown on an episode of Shockwave on the History Channel.

Attica is at (37.242124, -98.227489). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Attica has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Attica has a humid subtropical climate, shortened to "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 516 people, 218 households, and 127 families living in Attica. Of the households, 72.9% owned their home and 27.1% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 90.1% were White, 2.1% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 1.6% were from some other race, and 5.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 626 people, 246 households, and 155 families living in Attica.

The 2000 census says that there were 636 people, 254 households, and 154 families living in Attica.

Attica is served by USD 511 Attica Public Schools. The Attica High School mascot is the Bulldogs.


Aleksey Botyan

Aleksey Nikolayevich Botyan (; 10 February 1917 – 13 February 2020) was a Soviet-Russian spy and intelligence officer. He was awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation in 2007 for his role in protecting the Polish city of Kraków from destruction by the Nazis in January 1945.

Botyan died in Moscow on 13 February 2020, at the age of 103.

Dalia Dorner

Dalia Dorner (Hebrew: דליה דורנר; born March 3, 1934) is an Israeli law professor. She was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel, serving from 1993 to 2004. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. 

Dorner became a District Court Judge, first in the Southern District and later in the Jerusalem District. She was one of the judges who convicted John Demjanjuk and sentenced him to death in 1988, a decision overturned by Israel's Supreme Court, in 1993.

Germaine Poliakov

Germaine Poliakov (15 December 1918 — 19 February 2020) was an Ottoman-born French music teacher and Holocaust survivor. She went into hiding from the Gestapo in Beaulieu-sur-Dordogne, and worked as a teacher for a hidden colony of Jewish children. 

Germaine Poliakov died on 19 February 2020 at the age of 101.

Willy Wonka

Willy Wonka is a fictional character who ran a chocolate factory from the story "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". His character originated from a book and his character has been in movies.

In "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" by Roald Dahl, Willy Wonka started a factory to make chocolate and became rich by selling it. So other candy-makers sent spies to steal his candy recipes. So Willy Wonka closed his factory and fired everyone. Ten years later he opened it again and started selling chocolate again. He started a contest where he put five golden tickets in five different chocolate bars and said that any kid who bought a chocolate bar with a golden ticket would get a free tour of the factory and a lifetime supply of chocolate. At the end of the book, it turns out that Willy Wonka secretly tested all five of the kids and all of them failed except for one kid named Charlie. So Willy Wonka tells Charlie that he's a lot older than Charlie thinks he is and wants Charlie to take over the factory when he dies. Charlie says yes. 

In the sequel, "Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator", Willy Wonka takes Charlie and his family with him to Outer space and America and fights monsters. 

In the movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory", Willy Wonka is played by Gene Wilder. He hires someone to pretend to be his enemy Slugworth and try to bribe all the kids to steal a new candy from Willy Wonka. Charlie Bucket takes the candy to give to Slugworth but then decides that it's wrong to do that, gives it back to Willy Wonka and apologizes. So Willy Wonka decides that he can trust Charlie to take over the factory when he dies. 

In the movie "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", Willy Wonka is played by Johnny Depp. The movie gives Willy Wonka an Origin story where he was the son of a dentist named Dr. Wilbur Wonka who never let him eat candy so Willy became a Chocolate-maker to rebel against him. Willy Wonka then tells Charlie Bucket to leave his family forever and live at Wonka's factory. Charlie says no even "for all the chocolate in the world". Charlie also finds Willy's father, Dr. Wilbur Wonka and gets them to get along with each other again. 

In the prequel movie "Wonka", Willy Wonka is played by Timothée Chalamet. It is an origin story for Willy Wonka that is different from the last one. In it, his mother died when he was a kid and he liked the chocolate she made for him, so he decided to become a chocolate maker, creating the best candy he could that everyone could afford but Slugworth and other rich chocolate makers called the Chocolate Cartel try to sabotage him.

Candyman (2021 movie)

Candyman is an American supernatural slasher horror movie directed by Nia DaCosta and written by Jordan Peele. It is a direct sequel to the 1992 movie of the same name and the fourth movie in the "Candyman" franchise. It is based on the short story "The Forbidden" by Clive Barker. 

The movie stars Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Teyonah Parris, Nathan Stewart-Jarrett, Colman Domingo, with Tony Todd and Vanessa A. Williams reprising their roles as the title character and Anne-Marie McCoy.

The movie was filmed in Chicago and takes place there. It was released on August 27, 2021 by Universal Pictures.

Shlomo Aronson (historian)

Shlomo Aronson (1936 – 21 February 2020) was an Israeli historian and political scientist. He was a professor of political science at Hebrew University of Jerusalem. His best known work was the 2004 book, "Hitler, the Allies, and the Jews". 

Aronson died on 21 February 2020 in Kfar Saba, aged 83.

Lee Phillip Bell

Loreley "Lee" June Phillip Bell (June 10, 1928 – February 25, 2020) was an American talk show host and soap opera creator. During her career on Chicago television, she hosted over 10,000 programs. Her best known works were "The Bold and the Beautiful" and "The Young and the Restless". Bell was born in Chicago.

Bell died on February 25, 2020 at her home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 91.

Sam Boghosian

Sam Boghosian (December 22, 1931 – February 26, 2020) was an American college and professional football coach. He played college ball as a guard for the UCLA Bruins, and was later an assistant coach at his alma mater. He was added into the UCLA Athletic Hall of Fame.

Boghosian died on February 26, 2020 at his home in Indian Wells, California at the age of 88.

Valdir Espinosa

Valdir Ataualpa Ramirez Espinosa, usually known as Valdir Espinosa (October 17, 1947 – February 27, 2020) was a Brazilian football (soccer) manager. He was born in Porto Alegre, Brazil. Espinosa was known for managing Cerro Porteño, Botafogo, and Corinthians.

Espinosa died on February 27, 2020 from surgery-related problems in Rio de Janeiro, aged 72.


Ellendale, North Dakota

Ellendale is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. It is also the county seat. The population was 1,125 at the 2020 census. Ellendale was founded in 1882. It is the home of Trinity Bible College, located on the former campus of the North Dakota State Normal and Industrial School and the Ellendale Opera House currently under renovation.

Ellendale was created as county seat of the newly formed Dickey County in 1882. That same year saw the arrival of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad into the area.

Ellendale is named for the wife of S. S. Merrill.

Ellendale is at (46.002987, -98.523112).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

As of the census of 2020, there were 1,125 people, 455 households, and 256 families living in the city.


Sudhakar Chaturvedi

Sudhakar Chaturvedi () (died 27 February 2020) was an Indian Vedic scholar, Indologist, and alleged supercentenarian.

At the claimed age of 122 years, 313 days, some Indian newspapers reported him as the oldest Indian ever. One report also claimed an age of 121 in 2011, which would put his birth in 1890. Chaturvedi was a contemporary of Mahatma Gandhi, whom he first met when studying the Vedas in a "gurukula" in northern India.

Chaturvedi died on 27 February 2020, at the claimed age of 122.

Samvel Karapetyan (author)

Samvel Karapetian (; 30 July 1961 – 27 February 2020) was an Armenian historian, researcher, author, and expert of medieval architecture. His works were on the study of the historical monuments of Armenia, Nagorno Karabakh and other regions of the Southern Caucasus. 

He surveyed and catalogued thousands of artifacts of Armenian history and architecture. Karapetyan was head of the Yerevan branch of the NGO Research on Armenian Architecture (RAA). Karapetyan was also known as an outspoken critic of the treatment of Armenian monuments in Turkey. He presented his findings to United States Congress in 2007 and to the European Court of Human Rights in 2008.

In 2007 he won the Armenian Presidential Humanitarian Sciences Prize for his work in literature.

Karapetyan was an outspoken critic of the Armenian Apostolic Church and a supporter of the separation of church and state in Armenia.

Suthep Wongkamhaeng

Suthep Wongkamhaeng (สุเทพ วงศ์กำแหง; 12 May 1934 – 27 February 2020) was a Thai singer. He was a crooner. Wongkamhaeng's style of music was known as Luk krung. He was well-known from his songs "Luk Kom pà" (Orphan), "Rak kunh Kai laen" (I'd Have Loved You Now), and "Jai pi" (My Heart). 

He was named a National Artist in 1990. 

He died at his home in Bangkok from problems caused from a blood infection on February 27, 2020. He was 85 years old.

Braian Toledo

Braian Ezequiel Toledo (8 September 1993 – 27 February 2020) was an Argentine javelin thrower. He improved the World Youth Best in boys' javelin throw by more than six metres.

He won the inaugural javelin title at the 2010 Youth Olympics in Singapore and also won gold at the 2010 South American Youth Championships and 2009 Pan American Junior Championships.

Toledo was killed on 27 February 2020 in a motorcycle accident, aged 26.

Discord

Discord may mean:




Discord, Iowa

Discord is an unincorporated community in Woodbury County, Iowa. A post office was made at Discord in 1870, and was used until 1884. It is hard to find out where the name Discord came from.

Scooby-Doo and the Goblin King

Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King is a 2008 movie.

This is a list about the heroes who appear in the movie.


Epinephelus bleekeri

Epinephelus bleekeri, is a type of fish. It belongs to the subfamily Epinephelinae. It is also called the duskytail grouper. 

This fish can usually be found in shallow water.

Thomas Sankara

Thomas Isidore Noël Sankara (; born 21 December 1949 – 15 October 1987) was a Burkinabé revolutionary. He was President of Burkina Faso from 1983 to 1987. He was a Marxist and pan-Africanist. His supporters viewed him as a charismatic and iconic figure of revolution. For this reason, he is sometimes called "Africa's Che Guevara".

There was a coup in 1983, supported by the people. A number of revolutionaries seized power for Sankara, who was under house arrest at the time. Aged 33, Sankara became the President of the Republic of Upper Volta. 

He immediately launched programmes for social, ecological and economic change and renamed the country from the French colonial name Upper Volta to Burkina Faso ("Land of Incorruptible People"), with its people being called Burkinabé ("upright people"). His foreign policies were centred on anti-imperialism, with his government refusing all foreign aid, pushing for odious debt reduction, nationalising all land and mineral wealth and averting the power and influence of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank. His domestic policies were focused on preventing famine with agrarian self-sufficiency and land reform, prioritising education with a nationwide literacy campaign and promoting public health by vaccinating 2.5 million children against meningitis, yellow fever and measles.

His national agenda also included planting over 10 million trees to combat the growing desertification of the Sahel, redistributing land from feudal landlords to peasants, suspending rural poll taxes and domestic rents and establishing a road and railway construction programme. On the local level, Sankara called on every village to build a medical dispensary and had over 350 communities build schools with their own labour. 

Moreover, he made female genital mutilation, forced marriages and polygamy illegal. He appointed women to high governmental positions and encouraged them to work outside the home and stay in school, even if pregnant. Sankara encouraged the prosecution of officials accused of corruption, counter-revolutionaries and "lazy workers" in Popular Revolutionary Tribunals. As an admirer of the Cuban Revolution, Sankara set up Cuban-style Committees for the Defense of the Revolution.

His revolutionary programmes for African self-reliance made him an icon to many of Africa's poor. Sankara remained popular with most of his country's citizens. 

However, his policies alienated and antagonised several groups, which included the small but powerful Burkinabé middle class; the tribal leaders who were stripped of their long-held traditional privileges of forced labour and tribute payments; and the governments of France and its ally the Ivory Coast. 

On 15 October 1987, Sankara was gunned down by troops led by Blaise Compaoré, who assumed leadership of the state shortly after having Sankara killed. A week before his assassination, Sankara declared: "While revolutionaries as individuals can be murdered, you cannot kill ideas".

Messenger

Messenger, Messengers, The Messenger or The Messengers may refer to:






Thitarodes jinshaensis

Thitarodes jinshaensis is a species of moth. It is in the family of Hepialidae. It was described by a biologist with the surname Yang in 1993. It's habitat is found in Yunnan, China.


St. Patrick's Catholic Church (Fullerton, North Dakota)

St. (Saint) Patrick's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Fullerton, North Dakota. It is a member of the Diocese of Fargo.

Fr. Jason Asselin is currently serving as its pastor.

St. Patrick's Catholic Church was a previously unused church in Ellendale, North Dakota, that was moved to Fullerton due to a high amount of Irish Catholics in the area.

The Chase Spain

The Chase Spain is a upcoming Spanish gameshow from the original British verison of The Chase. 

The host of the show will be hosted by Ion Aramendi. The chasers will be Ruth de Andrés (female), Erundino Alonso (male), Lilit Manukyan (female) and Paz Herrera (female).

ITV Studios has confirmed that the gameshow. The Chase has been commissioned by TVE-owned LA1 in Spain, becoming the 14th territory to order the show. The show will be produced by Mediacrest.

It is also to return in Israel on KAN 11, where last year it won the award for Best Game Show at the Israeli Television Awards for the second year in a row. KAN has commissioned two further series. 

The Chase turned 10 last year having first appeared on UK screens – where it is produced by ITV Studios label Potato – in 2009. During that time, it has regularly won its slot and grown its audience share, making it one of ITV’s most successful daytime shows, with more than 1500 episodes. 

Since then it has gone on to be commissioned in territories including Australia, Denmark, Germany, and Russia, with six of the 14 international versions produced locally by ITV Studios.

In Germany, the show launched in 2012 in a late-night slot, before being moved to primetime in 2015 where it airs on Das Erste, while in Serbia one in five viewers tune in to watch on RTS1. It launched in Finland on MTV3 in August 2018, where it added +80% to the slot for individuals.

Negaraku

"Negaraku" (Jawi: نڬاراكو, ) is the national anthem of Malaysia. The lyrics were written by Tunku Abdul Rahman, its tune is based on the regional anthem of the state of Perak, "Allah Lanjutkan Usia Sultan". The anthem was first preformed on 31 August 1957.

Below are translations into the three other languages most commonly spoken in Malaysia.

Man Ray

Man Ray (born Emmanuel Radnitzky; August 27, 1890 – November 18, 1976) was an American visual artist born in Philadelphia. He spent most of his career in Paris. Ray made a significant contribution to the Dada and surrealist movements.

He was best known for his photography, and he was a renowned fashion and portrait photographer. Man Ray is also noted for his work with photograms, which he called "rayographs" in reference to himself.

APA style

APA style is a way of formatting scientific publications. The style is mostly about the way citations are handled in such documents. It is commonly used in social sciences and relies on a style guide written by the American Psychological Association.

Five-year plans for the national economy of the Soviet Union

The five-year plans for the development of the national economy of the Soviet Union were multiple nationwide centralized economic plans in the Soviet Union, starting in the late 1920s.

Nanni di Banco

Nanni d'Antonio di Banco ( 1384 – 1421) was a sculptor from Florence. He was the son of a mason. Together with Donatello, he is one of the most influential sculprots of Renaissance.

anni di Banco was an Italian sculptor from Florence who lived from c. 1380 to c. 1440. He is considered one of the four great sculptors of the early Renaissance in Florence, along with Donatello, Ghiberti, and Jacopo della Quercia. Di Banco was one of the first to use Renaissance techniques and naturalism in his sculptures. He is best known for his reliefs on the facade of Orsanmichele, a church in Florence. Di Banco was born in Florence, and trained as a goldsmith. He was a member of the goldsmiths' guild, and he likely started his career as a goldsmith. In the early 15th century, he turned to sculpting and became one of the most important and influential sculptors of the time. He is known for his reliefs depicting religious subjects, such as the Coronation of the Virgin, the Death of St. Peter Martyr, and the Adoration of the Magi. He also created a number of free-standing sculptures, such as the Four Crowned Martyrs and the Four Cardinal Virtues, which are now in the museum of the Opera del Duomo in Florence. 

Zion Williamson

Zion Lateef Williamson (born July 6, 2000) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He plays in the power forward position. He used to play for the Duke University. He gained attention for his slam dunks.

He was drafted by the Pelicans in the 1st pick of the 2019 NBA Draft.

On July 23, 2019, Williamson signed a five-year, $75 million shoe deal with Air Jordan.

Ergative–absolutive language

Ergative-absolutive languages, sometimes called ergative languages, are languages where the subject of an intransitive verb and the object of a transitive verb behave the same way in a sentence. Both behave differently to the subject of a transitive verb.

In English and other nominative languages, the agent ("doer", "she" in "She walked the dog") of a transitive verb and the subject ("doer", "she" in "She walked") of an intransitive verb are both in the nominative case, and the object ("done-to", "dog" in "She walked the dog") is in the accusative case.

In an ergative language, the agent of a transitive verb is in the ergative case, while the subject of an intransitive verb and the object of a transitive verb are in the absolutive case.

Some examples of ergative-absolutive languages include Basque, Georgian, Mayan, Tibetan, Tagalog and the Kurdish language. 

If one sets: A = agent of a transitive verb; S = argument of an intransitive verb; O = object of a transitive verb, then we can contrast normal nominative–accusative English with a hypothetical ergative English:

Accusative English:

Hypothetical ergative English:

System.map

The System.map file is a symbol table used by the Linux kernel. It shows where each symbol is in memory. This information is very useful when debugging the kernel.


Erich Mendelsohn

Erich Mendelsohn (born 21 March 1887 - 15 September 1953) was a German architect born in Allenstein, Prussia. He is known for his expressionist architecture and also his work on the Art Deco and Streamline Moderne designs. 

Linda Wolfe

Linda Wolfe (November 15, 1932 – February 22, 2020) was an American journalist, essayist, and fiction writer. She was best known for her award-winning work, "", an investigation of the so-called "rough sex" killer, Robert Chambers. Wolfe was also a book critic and a founding member of the National Book Critics Circle.

Wolfe died of problems caused by bowel surgery at a Manhattan hospital on February 22, 2020 at the age of 87. 


Betsy Byars

Betsy Cromer Byars (August 7, 1928 – February 26, 2020) was an American children's writer. Her novel "Summer of the Swans" won the 1971 Newbery Medal. She has also received a National Book Award for Young People's Literature for "The Night Swimmers" (1980)
and an Edgar Award for "Wanted ... Mud Blossom" (1991). Because of the popularity of her books with children, she has also been listed as one of the Educational Paperback Association's top 100 authors. She was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Byars died on February 26, 2020 in Seneca, South Carolina of problems caused from a fall at the age of 91.

Seneca, South Carolina

Seneca is a city in Oconee County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 8,850 at the 2020 census.

Huncho Jack

Huncho Jack is an American hip hop duo composed of American rappers Quavo and Travis Scott (formely Travi$ Scott). The group was formed in 2016. In December 2017, the duo released their first album titled "Jack Huncho, Huncho Jack".

The group's name comes from Quavo's nickname "Huncho" and Travis Scott's legal first name Jacques (the French equivalent of Jack in English).


Don Toliver

Caleb Zackery "Don" Toliver (born June 12, 1994) is an American rapper and singer. He is currently signed to the labels Atlantic, Cactus Jack, and We Run It. He released his major label mixtape, "Donny Womack", in August 2018. He is known for his singles "No Idea" and "After Party", from his first studio album, "Heaven or Hell" (2020)

Toliver was born and raised in Houston, Texas. He had no musical experience prior to releasing music in 2017. His father was a rapper during the Swishahouse movement in the early 2000s. His father would commonly play music around him growing up.

In 2017, he released a collaborative mixtape, titled "Playa Familia", with Yungjosh93. Later, Toliver released the solo singles, "Diva" and "I Gotta". 

In March 2018, he was signed to Atlantic Records and We Run It Entertainment.

In July 2018, Toliver released the single "Holdin' Steel" featuring Dice Soho. The song was also followed by a music video.

On August 2, 2018, Toliver released his major label first mixtape, "Donny Womack", along with a music video for the song "Diamonds".

On August 3, 2018, Travis Scott released his third studio album, "Astroworld". Toliver was featured on the thirteenth track, "Can't Say". The single was later followed by a video that was sponsored by Yves Saint Laurent. 

On August 6, 2018, it was announced that Toliver had signed to Scott's "Cactus Jack" imprint label. 

On August 9, 2018, Nav released the music video for his single "Champion", featuring Scott. The song is from Nav's first studio album "Reckless". Toliver appeared in the video alongside Nav, Scott, Sheck Wes and Gunna. Toliver and all rappers were featured on songs from "Astroworld". 

In September 2018, his single "Diva" was later remixed by rapper Kevin Gates.

After his appearance on "Astroworld", Toliver released several singles under the Cactus Jack label throughout 2019 including: "Back Up" featuring Wiz Khalifa, "Best You Had", "Can't Feel My Legs", and "No Idea". The song "No Idea" became a viral sensation on social media/video sharing platform TikTok. 

In November 2019, Toliver accompanied Scott during the second Astroworld Festival. 

On December 13, Toliver released the music video for "Can't Feel My Legs". 

On December 27, Toliver along with other Cactus Jack members, known as JackBoys consisting of Scott, Wes, Toliver, Tax and newly signed rapper SoFaygo, released the compilation album "JackBoys". Toliver, alongside Scott, Wes and Luxury Tax, contributed on the song "Gang Gang". 

On January 17, 2020, Toliver was featured on rapper Eminem's eleventh studio album, "Music to be Murdered By" on the song "No Regrets". 

On February 21, 2020, Toliver was announced to open for the Weeknd's "After Hours" tour alongside Sabrina Claudio.

On March 10, 2020, Toliver announced his first studio album, "Heaven or Hell", on social media and announced its release date. The album was released three days later and features guest appearances from Travis Scott, Kaash Paige, Quavo, Offset, and Sheck Wes.

On May 8, 2020, Toliver was featured on Nav's song "Recap" from the latter's third studio album, "Good Intentions".

On July 24, 2020, Toliver and his DJ Chase B released a collaborative single featuring Gunna, titled "Cafeteria", from their upcoming collaborative project, "Escapism". 

On July 31, 2020, he released a song titled "Clap" for the soundtrack of the movie titled "F9" (Fast & Furious 9). The soundtrack of the movie was released on the same day and the "Clap" became the seventh single.

On August 14, 2020, Toliver was featured alongside Nav on "Lemonade" by Internet Money and Gunna. The song earned him his highest-charting song on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked at number 6 on the chart. On the same day, he was featured on Kaash Paige's song "Grammy Week" from the latter's first studio album, "Teenage Fever". 

On August 21, 2020, he was featured alongside Big Sean on Nas' song "Replace Me", from Nas' 13th studio album, "King's Disease". 

On October 22, 2020, he was featured alongside Gucci Mane on Rico Nasty's single "Don't Like Me", from Rico Nasty's first studio album, "Nightmare Vacation".

On February 2021, Toliver teased his next project titled "L.O.A.D" on Twitter.

Supporting

Migos

Migos is an American hip hop group (hip hop). Its original members are rappers (hip hop) Quavo (real name Quavious Marshall;(Quavo) born April 2, 1991), (April 2) Offset (real name Kiari Cephus; born December 14, 1991),(yeah) and Takeoff (real name Kirshnik Ball; (Takeoff) June 18, 1994 - 1 November 2022). The group was founded in 2008. Their name is short for "amigos", (amigo) which means friends in Spanish. (Spain)

The group is managed by Coach K, (K) the former manager of Atlanta-based rappers Gucci Mane (Gucci) and Young Jeezy. (Jeezy Y)

Migos released their first album "Yung Rich Nation" in July 2015 on the labels Quality Control Music and 300 Entertainment. (yeah) In 2016, the group appeared in Donald Glover's comedy drama television series (drama) "Atlanta". Their second album, "Culture", was released in January 2017. (released) It topped the Billboard 200. (200) The group later was later signed to Motown and Capitol Records in February 2017. (later)

Their third album,(two) "Culture II," was released in January 2018. (in the 18) It gave the group their second number one album in the United States. (the states) 

In 2021, the group released their fourth album, (three) "Culture III". It is the third and final installment of their Culture trilogy. (yeah)

On November 1, 2022, Takeoff was shot and killed in Houston, Texas.






The Smeezingtons

The Smeezingtons were an American songwriting and record production trio. Its members were Bruno Mars (born 1985), Philip Lawrence, and Ari Levine. The group was formed in 2009 and disbanded in 2015.

! scope="row"|2011

! scope="row"|2011

! scope="row" rowspan="4"|2013

! scope="row" rowspan="7"|2011
! scope="row" rowspan="6" |2012
! scope="row"|2013 
! scope="row" rowspan="4"|2014
! scope="row" |2017

! scope="row"|2010

! scope="row"|2013

Lisel Mueller

Lisel Mueller (born Elisabeth Neumann, February 8, 1924 – February 21, 2020) was a German-born American poet, translator and academic teacher. She worked as a literary critic and taught at the University of Chicago, Elmhurst College and Goddard College. She began writing poetry in the 1950s and published her first collection in 1965, after years of self-study. 

She received awards including the National Book Award in 1981 and the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1997, as the only German-born poet awarded that prize.

Mueller died on February 21, 2020 of pneumonia-related problems at a retirement center in Chicago at the age of 96.


Johnny Antonelli

John August Antonelli (April 12, 1930 – February 28, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played for the Boston and Milwaukee Braves, New York and San Francisco Giants, and Cleveland Indians between and . He later became a six-time National League All-Star, a two-time 20-game-winner, and the leader of the 1954 world champion Giants' pitching staff.

He batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .

Antonelli died on February 28, 2020 in Rochester, New York of cancer, aged 89.

Jaime Carbonell

Jaime Guillermo Carbonell (July 29, 1953 – February 28, 2020) was an American computer scientist. His works focused on natural language processing tools and technologies. 

He earned his B.S. degrees in Physics and in Mathematics from MIT in 1975 and did his Ph.D. under Dr. Roger Schank at Yale University in 1979. 

He joined Carnegie Mellon University as an assistant professor of computer science in 1979 and lived in Pittsburgh from then. He was affiliated with the Language Technologies Institute, Computer Science Department, Machine Learning Department, and Computational Biology Department at Carnegie Mellon.

Janusz Cisek

Janusz Waldemar Cisek (February 8, 1955 – February 28, 2020) was a Polish historian and academic lecturer. Cisek was born in Stalowa Wola, Poland. He was a member of the Polish Peasants' Party. Cisek was Executive Director of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America from 1992 to 2000. He was Under-Secretary of State of the Republic of Poland from 2012 to 2013. 

Cisek died on February 28, 2020 in Warsaw of leukemia at the age of 65.

Burkhard Driest

Burkhard Driest (28 April 1939 — 28 February 2020) was a German actor, writer and director. He was perhaps best known for his acting work in Sam Peckinpah's "Cross of Iron" and Rainer Werner Fassbinder's "Querelle". He was born in Stettin.

Driest died on 28 February 2020 in Berlin of a long-illness, aged 80.


Ophiuchus Supercluster explosion

NASA and others have published evidence for the biggest explosion seen in the Universe. It is not the first time such an explosion has been seen. This extremely powerful eruption occurred in the Ophiuchus Supercluster.

The supercluster is about 390 million light years from Earth. The explosion was caused by a super massive black hole spraying out jets of extremely active particles.

This observation was made by various space-based and Earth-based observatories including the Hubble Space Telescope.

John Ratcliffe (American politician)

John Lee Ratcliffe (born October 20, 1965) is an American politician and attorney. He was the 6th Director of National Intelligence from 2020 to 2021. He was the congressman for Texas's 4th district from 2015 to 2020.

He was one of the most conservative congressmen during his congressional career. 

President Donald Trump announced on July 28, 2019, that he intended to nominate Ratcliffe to replace Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Ratcliffe withdrew his name five days after some senators raised concerns about his experience. 

On February 28, 2020, President Trump announced that he was nominating Ratcliffe to be Director of National Intelligence. Ratcliffe was confirmed by the Senate on May 21, 2020 by a vote of 49 to 44.

Wheeling, Illinois

Wheeling is a village in Cook and Lake counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. A suburb of Chicago. It is about northwest of downtown Chicago. The population was 39,137 at the 2020 census. Wheeling is named for Wheeling, West Virginia.

Marshall County, West Virginia

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. At the 2020 census, the population was 30,591. Its county seat is Moundsville. 

Moundsville, West Virginia

Moundsville is a city in Marshall County, West Virginia, along the Ohio River. It is part of the Wheeling, West Virginia metropolitan area. The population was 8,093 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Marshall County. 

Heath, Texas

Heath is a city in Rockwall and Kaufman counties, Texas, United States. The population was 9,769 at the 2020 census.

Robert Pine

Robert Pine (born Granville Whitelaw Pine, July 10, 1941) is an American actor. He is best known as Sgt. Joseph Getraer on the television series "CHiPs" (1977–1983).

Gwynne Gilford

Gloria Gwynne Gilford (born July 27, 1946) is a retired American actress and psychotherapist. She appeared in several television series in the 1970s and 1980s, including "A New Kind of Family", "The Young Lawyers" and "The Waverly Wonders", and had roles in the movies "Beware! The Blob" (1972), "Satan's School for Girls" (1973), "Fade to Black" (1980) and "Masters of the Universe" (1987). 

She is married to actor Robert Pine. They are the parents of the actor Chris Pine and Katherine Pine.

Phase difference

Phase difference can be defined as the difference between the position of the two waves propagating in the same direction (in a particular time), they don't rise or fall together. At a particular time, they make a difference in amplitude in their motion. For an example, if we consider two pendulum having same time period, now one is starting oscillating after a while another pendulum sets for oscillating then a phase difference is being established in between them.

Radix point

In mathematics and computing, a radix point (or radix character) is a symbol used to separate whole numbers (integers) from fractions. For example, the number formula_1 represents an integer of 1200 with a fractional part of 25, and these are separated with a decimal point.

Radix point is the umbrella term for this point in all bases. The most commonly known example is the decimal point, named so for its use in base 10 notation. Similarly, "binary point" is used for base 2. In most English-speaking countries the radix point is usually a small dot (.), but this can vary as other languages can use different notation such as a comma (,) instead.

In mathematical notation, each column of numbers represents a power of the radix, with a radix point separating negative powers. For example, the base 10 number formula_2 is read as follows:

Hence, we can unwrap the representation as this:

To the left of the radix point is the integer parts (made from positive powers of base 10). To the right of the radix point is the fractional parts (made from negative powers).


Éva Székely

Éva Székely (3 April 1927 – 29 February 2020) was a Hungarian swimmer. She won the gold medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and the silver medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. She held the first world record in the 400 m individual medley in 1953.

Székely was born in Budapest. She was Jewish. She survived the Holocaust. Her daughter, Andrea Gyarmati, was also an Olympic medalist in swimming.

Székely died on 29 February 2020, at the age of 92.


David Doyle (actor)

David Doyle (December 1, 1929 – February 26, 1997) is an American actor. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. Doyle was best known for his role as John Bosley on the 1970s TV series "Charlie's Angels". From 1991 to 1997, he voiced Grandpa Lou Pickles in the animated series "Rugrats".

Doyle died of a heart attack in Los Angeles on February 26, 1997 at the age of 67.


Redfield, Kansas

Redfield is a city in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 90 people lived there.

Redfield was founded in 1866. The city was named for Dr. Redfield, an early settler. The first post office in Redfield was created in 1872. Throughout the 20th century, the town was served by the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Redfield is at (37.836556, -94.881987), along the Marmaton River. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Redfield has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system says that Redfield has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

As of the 2020 census, there were 90 people, 39 households, and 25 families living in the city. Of the households, 82.1% owned their home and 17.9% rented their home.

The median age was 42.7 years. Of the people, 86.7% were White, 3.3% were Native American, and 10.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the people.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 146 people, 53 households, and 33 families living in the city.



Landau

Landau or Landau in der Pfalz (, "Landääch" or "Landääsch", 'Landau in the Palatinate') is a town in southern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It has about 46,000 inhabitants and a university. Its main economic industry is wine.

I Think We're Alone Now (movie)

I Think We're Alone Now is a 2018 American post-apocalyptic movie. It was released on September 14, 2018 in the United States. It stars Peter Dinklage and Elle Fanning and was directed by Reed Morano. The movie is about two survivors that have to live together after a global pandemic kills everyone else on Earth.

Stupid Love (Lady Gaga song)

"Stupid Love" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga. It was the lead single from her sixth studio album, "Chromatica", known to her fans as "LG6". The song was officially released on February 28, 2020, although it was leaked online a few weeks earlier. Gaga wrote the song with well-known pop songwriter Max Martin, Ely Rise, and its producers, BloodPop and Tchami.

Reviewers have said that the song marked a return to dance-pop for Gaga, after she released "Joanne" in 2016, which contained country influences. Writing for "The Atlantic", Spencer Kornhaber called "Stupid Love" "a glorious comeback," "irrepressible," and "fantastic." Dan Adler from "Vanity Fair" said that the song "suggests a return to the thunderous high-concept anthems that shaped Gaga’s initial rise."

The song entered the Australian ARIA Chart at number seven and the UK and US charts at number five.

IPad Mini 4

The fourth-generation iPad Mini 4 (stylized and marketed as iPad mini 4) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It was first released on September 9, 2015.

The iPad Mini 4, which replaced the iPad Mini 3, was discontinued on March 18, 2019, when it was replaced by the fifth-generation iPad Mini.


Foghorn Leghorn

Foghorn Leghorn is a cartoon chicken. He was created by Robert McKimson. He made 29 appearances in the Looney Tunes.

Euless, Texas

Euless is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. It is a suburb of Dallas and Fort Worth. As of the 2020 census, 61,032 people lived there.

The southwestern part of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport is inside the city limits of Euless.

White Settlement, Texas

White Settlement is a city in Tarrant County, Texas in the United States.

Pecan Acres, Texas

Pecan Acres is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in both Tarrant and Wise counties.

Reno, Parker County, Texas

Reno is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lehua

Lehua Island is a small island in the Hawaiian islands. It is north of Niihau and directly west of Kauai. Nobody lives on the island. The area is Captain James Cook saw the island in 1778. He spelled it "Oreehoua".

Eye drop

An eye drop is a type of treatment and medicine for the eye. It is used to stop someones eye from hurting. It may also be used to cure eye infections.

Eye drops are safe for children most of the time. However, using eye drops for too much time can make the eyes turn red or hurt the child. Some eye drops are made for children.

Maina Tudu

Maina Tudu is an Indian writer. She writes in the Santali language. She is a housewife from Odisha. She won the Yuva Puraskar in 2017.

Tudu graduated in Santali. For her poetry "Marsal Dahar" she was awarded Yuva Puraskar in 2017.

Tudu also wrote "Ol Chiki Ada Gaban".

Hanako Muraoka

Muraoka was born on June 21, 1893, in Kofu, Yamanashi Prefecture. Her birth name was Hana Annaka. Her parents were Methodists. She was raised as a Christian. She studied at the Tokyo Eiwa Jogakuin. She began writing children's stories when she was encouraged by translator Hiroko Katayama. She graduated from school in 1913.

After graduation, Muraoka returned to Yamanashi and taught at a branch of the Toyo Eiwa Jogakuin there. In 1917 she published her first book, "Rohen".

She married Keizo Muraoka in 1919. They had a son in 1920. Keizo's printing company went bankrupt in 1926 after the 1923 Great Kanto Earthquake. They restarted the company in their home. Soon after that, their son died and Muraoka became depressed. Katayama encouraged her to translate Mark Twain's "The Prince and the Pauper", and this helped her return to regular life.

In 1932, Muraoka started a radio show She read the news to children. The show became very popular, and children all over Japan called her the "Rajio no Obasan" (Radio Auntie). The show ended in the early 1940s as World War II began. Muraoka did not want to read news that called Canadians the enemy because many of her friends were Canadian.

In 1939 her friend Loretta Leonard Shaw gave Muraoka the book "Anne of Green Gables". Muraoka translated it during the war. The book was published in 1952 and became a bestseller. It became part of the Japanese school curriculum in the 1970s. Some translators later criticized Muraoka's translation because she had left some parts out.

Muraoka planned her first trip to Prince Edward Island in 1968. But, she did not visit before she died of a stroke on October 25, 1968. A television drama called "Hanako to Anne" was broadcast in 2014. It was based on a book about her life called "An no Yurikago Muraoka Hanako no Shogai," written by her granddaughter, Eri Muraoka"."


Yuva Puraskar

The Yuva Puraskar (), also known as Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar, is a literary honor in India. India's National Academy of Letters gives the prize each year to young writers of outstanding works in one of the twenty-four major Indian languages. The first Yuva Puraskar prizes were given in 2011. Writers must be younger than 35 years to win. National Academy of Letters wants to encourage and promote young writers. The award includes a cash prize of Rs. 50,000 and an engraved copper plaque.


List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Assamese

Yuva Puraskar to Assamese Writers given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

Sultan Kösen

Sultan Kösen (born 10 December 1982 in Ankara, Turkey) is the tallest man in the world after passing the height of Xi Shun. He also holds the record for the world's biggest hands (27.05 cm). On February 9, 2019 he was measured again by Guinness and was named as the tallest person in the world.

Oritsé Williams

Oritsé Jolomi Matthew Soloman Williams (born 27 November 1986 in West London, England) is an English singer, songwriter, dancer and poet. He is currently in the boyband JLS, runners-up of the fifth series of The X Factor in the United Kingdom. Whilst Oritse lived in Nigeria he loved being involved with his community and most of all singing with the villagers. After two years he moved back to the UK to live back with his mother in London. Oritse worked at a record company for free in order to gain music industry experience. He was introduced to a variety of different mentors when he joined a vocal academy whilst he was studying at uni.

After coming back from Nigeria he decided to leave the music idea behind and went to uni to study Events Management. It was when his mother's condition worsened (she was diagnosed with Multiple Serocis when he was 15) and he wanted to raise some money to support hi family.

He decided to advertise for his "Super Group". He soon was introduced to Marvin Humes who then introduced Aston Merrygold to the band who Marvin knew from auditions. During the series 4 additions for the X factor, Oritse was looking for the forth and final member of his band (JLS). He went to see if he could find anyone at the X Factor auditions and spoke to a music scouting agency there and they gave Oritse JB Gill's details.

Marvin Humes

Marvin Richard James Humes (born 18 March 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actor, DJ, and televison presenter. He is best known for being a member of the boy band JLS, alongside runners up from the "X Factor" (series 5) in the United States from 2006 to 2013. Since spring 2013, he runs the Capital Weekender beginning with "The weekend lives on Capital!". He also owned the official big top 40.

Howard Donald

Howard Donald (born 28 April 1968) is an English singer and songwriter. He is a member of the Manchester-based pop band Take That.

Xenomorph

Xenomorphs are fictional aliens created by H. R. Giger made for the "Alien" franchise starting in 1979.

Their vocal effects were provided by Dee Bradley Baker for "Mortal Kombat X".


Joe Coulombe

Joseph Hardin Coulombe (June 3, 1930February 28, 2020) was an American entrepreneur. His most famous thing he ever did was when he founded the grocery store chain Trader Joe's in 1967. He was born in San Diego, California on June 3, 1930. He was educated at Stanford University.

Coulombe died on February 28, 2020 in Pasadena, California at the age of 89. Joseph died of a long illness. The illness that caused his death is unknown or unstated.

Trader Joe's

Trader Joe's is an American chain of grocery stores headquartered in Monrovia, California. By 2015, it was a competitor in "fresh format" grocery stores in the United States. 

By November 2019, Trader Joe's had over 503 stores nationwide in 42 states and Washington, D.C.

The first Trader Joe's store was opened by founder Joe Coulombe in 1967 in Pasadena, California. It was owned by German entrepreneur Theo Albrecht from 1979 until his death in 2010, when ownership passed to his heirs. 

Claire Holt

Claire Rhiannon Holt (born 11 June 1988) is an Australian actress who acts in both movies and television. She was born in Gold Coast, Australia. She is known for playing Emma Gilbert in "H2O: Just Add Water" and for playing Rebekah Mikaelson in both "The Vampire Diaries" and "The Originals".

Leroy Suddath

Leroy Newton Suddath (February 21, 1931 – February 27, 2020) was a major general in the United States Army. He was commissioned in 1956 after graduation from the United States Military Academy. Suddath was commander of the 1st Special Operations Command before his retirement in 1988. He was born in Savannah, Georgia.

Suddathon died at the age of 89 on February 27, 2020 in Savannah.

Bob Andelman

Bob Andelman (October 9, 1960 - February 24, 2020) was an American writer and podcaster. Andelman was the author or co-author of many books about business, culture, and the arts, and produced interviews with figures in popular culture as "Mr. Media".

Andelman authored "Will Eisner: A Spirited Life" for the M Press imprint of Dark Horse Comics.

Andelman collaborated with various business leaders in writing books including company profiles and strategy handbooks. These include "Built From Scratch: How A Couple of Regular Guys Grew the Home Depot From Nothing to $30 Billion", with the founders of Home Depot, and "The Profit Zone: How Strategic Business Design Will Lead You To Tomorrow’s Profits" with Adrian J. Slywotzky and David J. Morrison.

Andelman founded the Mr. Media website in 1995. 

Indiana Evans

Indiana Rose Evans is an Australian actress and singer. She was born in Sydney, Australia. She is known for portraying Matilda Hunter in "Home and Away", Bella Hartley in "H2O: Just Add Water" and Emmaline Robinson in "Blue Lagoon: The Awakening".

North Brunswick, New Jersey

North Brunswick is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. At the 2020 United States Census, the population was 43,905.

Jeff Kimpel

James "Jeff" Kimpel (April 18, 1942 - February 22, 2020) was an American atmospheric scientist. His works focused on severe storm who was a provost of the University of Oklahoma (OU) and director of the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL).

Kimpel was in the Air Force in the Vietnam War, where he was awarded a Bronze Star Medal.

Kimpel retired from NSSL in 2010. Kimpel died on February 22, 2020.

Stevens Point, Wisconsin

Stevens Point is the county seat of Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. 

Its 2010 population of 26,717 makes it the largest city in the county. 

Portage County, Wisconsin

Portage County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 70,377. Its county seat is Stevens Point.

Marathon, Greece

Marathon (Demotic Greek: Μαραθώνας, "Marathónas"; Attic/Katharevousa: , "Marathṓn") is a town in Greece and the site of the battle of Marathon around 490 BCE. 

The name "Marathon" () comes from the herb fennel, called "marathon" () or "marathos" () in Ancient Greek. so "Marathon" literally means "a place full of fennels".

Municipalities of the Philippines

In the Philippines, a municipality (; ; ) is a kind of place with local government ("local government unit") that are different from cities. Municipalities are also called towns if using the old-fashioned but more common word. This is because municipalities have the governmental purpose of a town since they were first introduced.

All provinces in the country are divided into cities and municipalities, which in turn, are divided into village-type divisions known as barangays. , there were 1,488 municipalities across the country.

Urtica pilulifera

Urtica pilulifera is a herbaceous annual flowering plant. Its common name is the Roman nettle. It belongs to the family of Urticaceae.


List of Dutch by net worth

There are nine billionaires in Netherlands as of 2019. This is according to a research done by "Forbes".


Actis, California

Actis (formerly Highberg, Rummington, and Gloster) is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It has an elevation of .

Sash (disambiguation)

A sash is of a cloth belt used to hold a robe together

Sash may also mean:




Bodenseekreis

Bodenseekreis ("Lake Constance district") is a rural district ("Landkreis") in the southeast of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are Konstanz, Sigmaringen and Ravensburg, and in Bavaria, Lindau district. To the south, on the opposite shores of Lake Constance (), lies Switzerland. The capital is Friedrichshafen.

The district was created in 1973, when the previous district Tettnang was merged with most of the district Überlingen.

Karlsruhe (district)

Karlsruhe is a rural district ("Landkreis") in the northwest of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are Rhein-Neckar, Heilbronn,
Enz, Calw, Rastatt, Germersheim, Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis and the district-free city Speyer. The urban district Karlsruhe ("Stadtkreis Karlsruhe") which has the city of Karlsruhe.

Bruchsal

Bruchsal is a city at the western edge of the Kraichgau in the German state of Baden-Württemberg which makes it the largest city in the district of Karlsruhe. As of 31 December 2018, it has 44,644 people lived there and is about 20 km northeast of Karlsruhe. It can be found on Bertha Benz Memorial Route.

Bruchsal is known for being Europe's largest asparagus producer and one of the economic centers of the region of Karlsruhe.


Rienzi, Mississippi

Rienzi is a town in Alcorn County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2010 Census, there were 317 people living in Rienzi.

Farmington, Mississippi

Farmington is a town in Alcorn County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2010 Census, there were 2,186 people living in Farmington.

Kossuth, Mississippi

Kossuth is a village in Alcorn County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2020 Census, there were 160 people living in Kossuth.

Glen, Mississippi

Glen is a town in Alcorn County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2010 Census, there were 412 people living in Glen.

Okolona, Mississippi

Okolona is a city in Mississippi, United States. It is one of the two county seats of Chickasaw County. As of the 2020 Census, there were 2,513 people living in Okolona.

Houston, Mississippi

Houston is a city in northern Mississippi. It is one of two county seats of Chickasaw County. As of the 2020 Census, there were 3,797 people living in Houston.

Bay Harbor Islands, Florida

Bay Harbor Islands is a town of Florida in the United States.

The Ten Commandments

The Ten Commandments is a movie from 1956. It stars Charlton Heston as Moses and Yul Brynner as Rameses II. It was directed and produced by Cecil B. DeMille. It is based on the books of Philo of Alexandria, Josephus, Eusebius, the Midrash and the Book of Exodus.

"The Ten Commandments" won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a drama. The critics at the time generally liked it but they also noticed the differences between the story of the Exodus as told in the Bible and what the movie said.

Joshua

Joshua son of Nun is a person in the Bible. Joshua is used as a general against Amalek after Amalek attacks the Israelites. When Moses goes up to Mount Sinai to get the Torah from God, Joshua stays at the bottom of the mountain waiting for Moses to come back. He doesn't realise that the people are worshiping a Golden Calf as an idol until after Moses tells him. 

When two people named Eldad and Medad become prophets, Joshua is annoyed because he thinks only Moses should be a prophet though Moses tells Joshua that if it were up to him every Israelite would be a prophet. 

Joshua, it turns out was once named Hosea but then Moses sends him as one of Twelve spies to Canaan after first renaming him Joshua. Ten of the spies try to convince the Israelites that it would be better to go back to being slaves in Egypt than enter the Promised Land because if they tried to conquer Canaan they'd get killed. Joshua and Caleb said that if they came to the Promised Land, God would make sure they would survive against their enemies just like He had saved them from Egypt. 

When Moses dies, he, at the command of God, appoints Joshua leader of the Israelites. Joshua mourns Moses for many months after his death but then God commands Joshua to conquer Canaan. Joshua enters the Promised Land as a general kills 39 kings and manages to take over most of the country. He then divides the land among the Twelve Tribes of Israel and then dies. There is a book in the Bible named after him called the Book of Joshua.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Telugu

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Telugu language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar Winners for Tamil

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Tamil language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Santali

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Santali language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Meitei

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers of the literary works in Meitei language (officially known as Manipuri language) are honoured by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Gujarati

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Gujarati language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Bodo

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Bodo language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

List of Yuva Puraskar winners for Bengali

Yuva Puraskar prize winning writers in the Bengali language given by India's National Academy of Letters, Sahitya Akademi.

Long Division

Long Division may refer to:


Muhyiddin Yassin

Muhyiddin bin Haji Muhammad Yassin (; born 15 May 1947) is a Malaysian politician. He was the 8th Prime Minister of Malaysia. He was appointed on 29 February 2020 and sworn in on 1 March 2020 after Mahathir Mohamad's resignation on 24 February 2020. He resigned after losing a coalition support on 16 August 2021.

Muhyiddin is Member of Parliament for Pagoh, Member of Johor State Legislative Assembly for Gambir, former Deputy President of Pakatan Harapan and acting Chairman of Parti Pribumi Bersatu Malaysia. 

He was Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 2009 till 2015, Deputy Chairman of Barisan Nasional and Deputy President of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the main component party of the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition from 2009 till 2016.


István Balsai

István Ákos Balsai (5 April 1947 – 1 March 2020) was a Hungarian politician and jurist. He was Minister of Justice between 1990 and 1994. He was a Member of Parliament from 1990 to 2011, when he was elected a member of the Constitutional Court of Hungary.

Balsai died on 1 March 2020 at the age of 72.

Ernesto Cardenal

Ernesto Cardenal Martínez (20 January 1925 – 1 March 2020) was a Nicaraguan Catholic priest, poet, and politician. He was a liberation theologian. He was the founder of the primitivist art community in the Solentiname Islands. His brother was Fernando Cardenal.

Cardenal was a member of the Nicaraguan Sandinistas, he was Nicaragua's minister of culture from 1979 to 1987. He was banned from administering the sacraments in 1984 by Pope John Paul II, but it was restored by Pope Francis in 2019.

On 1 March 2020, Cardenal died of problems caused by heart and kidney disease, aged 95.

Siamand Rahman

Siamand Rahman (; 21 March 1988 – 1 March 2020) was an Iranian Paralympic powerlifter. 

He won gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio and the 2010 Asian Para Games in Guangzhou. 

He is the current IPC Powerlifting World Record holder in the +107 kg category with a bench press and also holds the junior world record with and the Paralympic Championship Record with .

Siamand died on 1 March 2020 of cardiac arrest in Oshnavieh, Iran at the age of 31.

Bill Bunten

William Wallace Bunten (April 5, 1930 – February 29, 2020) was an American politician. He was mayor of Topeka, Kansas from 2005 to 2013. Before being elected mayor, he was in the Kansas House of Representatives from 1962 to 1990 and in the Kansas Senate from 2002 to 2004. Bunten was a member of the Republican Party. 

Bunten died of pneumonia-related problems on February 29, 2020 in Topeka, Kansas at the age of 89.


Pike County, Kentucky

Pike County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 58,669. Its county seat is Pikeville. The county was founded in 1821.

Djivan Gasparyan

Djivan Gasparyan (var. Jivan Gasparyan; October 12, 1928 – July 6, 2021) was an Armenian musician and composer. 

He played the duduk, a double reed woodwind instrument related to the orchestral oboe. Gasparyan was known as the "Master of the duduk".

He had won four medals at UNESCO worldwide competitions (1959, 1962, 1973, and 1980). In 1973 Gasparyan was awarded the honorary title "People's Artist of Armenia". 


Shane Stone

Shane Leslie Stone (born 25 September 1950) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party. He was first elected to office as a member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly for Port Darwin in 1990. He then served as Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 1995 to 1999. He became the federal president of the Liberal Party of Australia in 1999. He served in this role until 2005.

The Malaysian state of Sabah made Stone a Commander of the Order of Kinabalu in 1998.

Stone was born in Bendigo, Victoria.

Brian D. Burns

Brian D. Burns (born November 17, 1939) is an American politician. He is a Democrat from the state of Vermont. He served as the 72nd Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1975 to 1977. He was also a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1967 to 1975.

Burns was born in Burlington, Vermont. In 1985, he made an unsuccessful bid to be mayor of Burlington. He lost in a three way race to incumbent Bernie Sanders.

In 1995, Burns was convicted of three counts of fraud. He was sentenced to six months in jail and four months of home detention.

Emu War

The Emu War, also called the Great Emu War, was a military operation in Australia in late 1932. Emus are large birds that cannot fly. Wild emus only live in Australia. 

The Australian army killed many emus because the farmers thought they were pests. Farmers were having trouble with the many emus invading the Campion district of Western Australia. Soldiers tried to kill emus with Lewis guns. The media called the military action against birds the "Emu War". The army did kill some birds. However, there were still many emus and they continued to destroy crops.

After World War I, the Australian government gave land to many ex-soldiers from Australia and some from Great Britain. The government gave these settlers land to farm in Western Australia. Much of the land was not very good. When the Great Depression hit Australia in 1929, the government told these farmers to grow more wheat. The government promised to help by giving money to farmers. But the farmers did not get the money. 

Wheat was losing its worth. By October 1932, there were big problems in Western Australia. The farmers were ready to harvest the season's crop but they also threatened the government. They said they might not deliver the wheat.

Farmers' lives and work became even worse when about 20,000 emus arrived. Emus regularly migrate (move from one area to another in big groups) after breeding each year. They return to the coast from inland areas. Western Australian farmers had cleared more land and made water supplies for their livestock and crops better. The emus went to the settlers' farms. They were good places for the emus to live. Emus began to move into farms. Many moved into the farms around Chandler and Walgoolan. The emus ate and ruined the crops. They also made large holes in fences where rabbits could enter and cause more problems.
Farmers complained to the government about the birds destroying the crops. A group of veteran settler-farmers went to meet with the Minister of Defence, Sir George Pearce. The settler-farmers had been soldiers in World War I. They understood machine guns. They asked the government to send machine guns. The minister agreed. But, he wanted soldiers to use the guns, not the settler-farmers. The Western Australian government would pay to transport the soldiers. The farmers would give them food and places to live. The farmers would also pay for the bullets. Pearce also wanted to send the guns because the birds would be good target practice for the soldiers. Some in the government may have thought the military operation would make the government look good. People would see that they were helping the Western Australian farmers. They wanted to stop a plan for Western Australia to become an independent country. A cinematographer (movie-maker) from Fox Movietone joined the soldiers.

The military began to fight the birds in October 1932. The "war" was conducted under the command of Major G.P. Wynne-Aubrey Meredith of the Seventh Heavy Battery of the Royal Australian Artillery. Meredith commanded soldiers Sergeant S. McMurray and Gunner J. O'Halloran. They were armed with two Lewis guns and 10,000 rounds of ammunition. Some soldier-settlers also helped them. The operation was delayed, however, by rain that caused the emus to spread out all over a wider area. The rain stopped by 2 November 1932. So, then the troops were sent with orders to help the farmers. A newspaper reported that soldiers were told to collect 100 emu skins. Feathers from these skins could be used to make hats for light horsemen.

On 2 November the men travelled to Campion. They saw about 50 emus there. The birds were too far from the guns, so the local settlers tried to herd the emus into an ambush. This failed. The birds split into small groups and ran so it was difficult to shoot them. But, while the first shots from the machine guns did not hurt the emus because they were far away, a second round of gunfire killed "a number" of birds. Later the same day, settlers found a small flock and killed about a dozen birds.

Next, on 4 November, Meredith prepared an ambush near a local dam. They saw more than 1,000 emus heading towards Meredith and his soldiers. This time the gunners waited until the birds were very close. Then, they started to fire their guns. The guns jammed after only twelve birds were killed. The surviving birds ran away before any more could be shot. Meredith and the soldiers did not see any more birds that day.

After losing the Battle of the Dam, Meredith moved further south, because he heard the birds were "fairly tame". But, again, he had only limited success even though he and his men tried very hard to kill more emus. By the fourth day of the campaign, army observers reported that birds looked well organised. "Each pack seems to have its own leader now – a big black-plumed bird which stands fully six feet high and keeps watch while his mates carry out their work of destruction and warns them of our approach". Meredith was desperate. He even tried to put one of the guns on a truck. This failed because the truck was slower than the emus. The ride was so rough that the gunner could not fire any shots. By 8 November, six days after the fighting started, the soldiers had fired 2,500 bullets. Nobody knows how many birds were killed. One estimate was 50 birds. Others said from 200 to 500 birds. Settlers gave the large estimate. Meredith's official report said that none of his men were injured.

On 8 November, members of the Australian House of Representatives discussed the operation. Following the negative coverage of the events in the local media, that included claims that "only a few" emus had died, Pearce took out the military personnel and the guns on 8 November.

After the withdrawal, Major Meredith compared the emus to Zulus and commented on the striking maneuverability (ability to move quickly and carefully) of the emus, even while badly hurt.
After the soldiers retreated, the emus continued to attack crops. Farmers again asked for support, citing the hot weather and drought that brought emus invading farms in the thousands. James Mitchell, the Premier of Western Australia, lent his strong support to renewal of the military assistance. At the same time, a report from the Base Commander was issued that indicated 300 emus had been killed in the initial operation.

On November 12, the Minister of Defence started the war again because of the settlers' requests and the Base Commander's report. He explained the decision to the Senate. He said they needed soldiers to fight the serious agricultural threat from the big emu population. The army had agreed to lend the guns to the Western Australian government. The army expected people from the Western Australian government would use the guns. But, there were not enough experienced machine gunners in the state, so Meredith was sent to fight again.

The military started to attack on 13 November 1932. They were successful during the first two days, and killed about 40 of the invading emus. The third day, 15 November, was less successful. By 2 December, the soldiers were killing about 100 emus per week. Meredith was recalled on 10 December, and in his report he claimed 986 kills with 9,860 rounds, at a rate of exactly 10 rounds per confirmed kill. In addition, Meredith claimed 2,500 wounded birds had died as a result of their injuries. In judging the success of the war, an article in the "Coolgardie Miner" on 23 August 1935 reported that although the use of machine guns had been "criticised in many quarters, the method proved effective and saved what remained of the wheat".

In and after 1930, farmers built fences to keep emus out of farms. The fences stopped dingoes and rabbits too.

By December 1932, people in the United Kingdom had heard about the Emu War. Some people who cared about animals said killing the emus was bad. They called it "extermination of the rare emu". Dominic Serventy and Hubert Whittell, Australian ornithologists, described the "war" as "an attempt at the mass destruction of the birds".

Some farmers asked the army to fight the emus again in 1934, 1943, and 1948. Each year, the government said no. Instead, the government continued the bounty system that had started in 1923. This worked. For six months in 1934, Western Australians killed 57,034 emus and asked for the bounty money.

In November 1950, Hugh Leslie, a newspaper editor and state and federal politician from Western Australia, complained about emus in federal parliament. He asked the Army Minister Josiah Francis to give .303 ammunition from the army to farmers to kill the emus. The minister said yes and gave 500,000 bullets to the farmers.

Playwright Simeon Yialeloglou and composer James Court made a musical adaptation of the story in Melbourne in 2019. A movie about the War, written by John Cleese, Monty Franklin, and Rob Schneider, is being planned.



Kohl's

Kohl's is an American department store retail chain, operated by Kohl's Corporation. It has 1,158 locations that makes it the largest department store chain in the United States . The company was founded by a Polish immigrant Maxwell Kohl, who opened a corner grocery store in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1927.

The company is headquartered in the Milwaukee suburb of Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, operating stores in every U.S. state except Hawaii.


Magnavox Odyssey Series

The Magnavox Odyssey is a video game console by Magnavox. It is the first one to be released commercially. But there are more consoles released by Magnavox. All these consoles form the Magnavox Odyssey series.

The following is a list of all consoles released in the Magnavox Odyssey series:
In 1974, Magnavox became a subsidiary of Philips. Philips continued making video game consoles. These consoles are known as the Philips Odyssey series.

Ulay

Ulay (born Frank Uwe Laysiepen; 30 November 1943 – 2 March 2020) was a German contemporary artist. He is best known for his worldwide for his Polaroid art and performance art together with longtime companion Marina Abramović. He was based in the Dutch capital of Amsterdam and Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.

Ulay was born in Solingen. He dated Marina Abramović from 1976 to 1988. On 2 March 2020, Ulay died in Ljubljana of lymphoma at the age of 76.

Balbir Singh Kullar

Balbir Singh Kullar (8 August 1942 – 28 February 2020) was an Indian field hockey player and Punjab Police officer. Best known for his sporting career, he was part of two medal-winning Indian field hockey teams. He won a gold medal at the 1966 Asian Games and a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Singh Kullar was born in Sansarpur. On 18 February 2020, he died in Sansarpur of a heart attack. He was 77.


Brittany Byrnes

Brittany Anne Trish Byrnes (born 31 July 1987) is an Australian movie and television actress. She has been acting since she was seven. Her known roles are Thea Hawkins in "Search for Treasure Island", Hannah Schuller in "Escape of the Artful Dodger" and Charlotte Watsford in "H2O: Just Add Water".

2007 Ontario general election

The 2007 Ontario general election was held on October 10, 2007, to elect members (MPPs) of the 39th Legislative Assembly of the Province of Ontario, Canada. The Liberals under Premier Dalton McGuinty won the election with a majority government, winning 71 out of a possible 107 seats with 42.2% of the popular vote. The election set a record for the lowest voter turnout in an Ontario provincial election; only 52.8% people who were eligible voted. This broke the previous record of 54.7% in the 1923 election.

Matt Skiba

Matthew Thomas Skiba (born February 24, 1976) is an American musician. He is best known as the guitarist and vocalist for the bands Alkaline Trio and Blink-182.

2000 Canadian federal election

The 2000 Canadian federal election was held on November 27, 2000, to elect 301 Members of Parliament of the House of Commons of Canada of the 37th Parliament of Canada.

!style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2" colspan="2"|Party
!style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"|Party leader
!style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"|Candidates
!style="text-align:center;" colspan="4"|Seats
!style="text-align:center;" colspan="3"|Popular vote

Notes:

"% change" refers to change from previous election

<nowiki>*</nowiki> – Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election

Source: Elections Canada



2002 Manitoba municipal elections

The 2002 Manitoba municipal elections were held on October 23, 2002 to elect mayors, councillors and school trustees in various communities throughout Manitoba, Canada.



School trustee Malcolm Jolly died on 11 March 2003. A by-election was held to choose his replacement.


Electors could votes for six candidates. Percentages are determined in relation to the total number of votes.

Electors could votes for six candidates. Percentages are determined in relation to the total number of votes.


Electors could vote for four candidates. Percentages are determined in relation to the total number of votes.

Results are taken from the Winnipeg Free Press newspaper, 24 October 2002 and 28 October 2002. The final official totals do not appear to have been significantly different.

"See: 2002 Winnipeg municipal election"

2004 Canadian federal election

The 2004 Canadian federal election (more formally, the 38th General Election), was held on June 28, 2004, to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 38th Parliament of Canada.

!rowspan="2" colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |Party
!rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |Party leader
!rowspan="2" style="text-align:center;" |# ofcandidates
!colspan="4" style="text-align:center;" |Seats
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center;"|Popular vote

"% change" refers to change from previous election

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election. In the case of the CHP, which did have 46 candidates in the previous election, the party did not have official status and is not officially compared.

Source: Elections Canada

Notes

General

2006 Canadian federal election

The 2006 Canadian federal election (more formally, the 39th General Election) was held on January 23, 2006, to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 39th Parliament of Canada.

 David Emerson, elected on January 23 as a Liberal in the British Columbia riding of Vancouver Kingsway, changed parties on February 6 to join the Conservatives before the new Parliament had taken office. He is reflected here as a Liberal.

André Arthur was elected as an independent candidate in the Quebec riding of Portneuf—Jacques-Cartier.

2009 Nova Scotia general election

The 2009 Nova Scotia general election was held on June 9, 2009 to elect members of the 61st House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada.

Candidates lined up.



2000 Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election

The 2000 municipal elections of the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada, took place on 21 October 2000. Elections have been held every four years since the amalgamation of the cities of Halifax and Dartmouth, the town of Bedford and Halifax County into the Halifax Regional Municipality in 1996. The regional council is made up of twenty three councillors and one mayor, all positions were up for election.

There are no political parties at the municipal level in Nova Scotia, so all candidates run as independents.

2002 Vancouver municipal election

The Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE) swept the 2002 Vancouver municipal election, winning 8 of 10 Council seats, 7 of 9 School Board seats and 5 of 7 Park Board seats. The Non-Partisan Association (NPA) was reduced to 2 Council seats, 1 School Board seat and 2 Park Board seats. The Green Party of Vancouver won 1 School Board seat.

In the race for mayor, the COPE's Larry Campbell defeated Jennifer Clarke of the NPA by a margin of 58% to 30%.

16 candidates sought election to the position of mayor. Five were affiliated with a political party and 11 were independent. COPE candidate Larry Campbell was elected.

Ten councillors were elected from 46 candidates. Of those, 35 were affiliated with a political party and 11 were independent. Eight COPE councillors and two NPA councillors were elected.

Seven Park Board commissioners were elected from 33 candidates. Of the candidates, 20 were affiliated with a political party and 13 were independent. 5 COPE commissioners and 2 NPA commissioners were elected.

Nine school trustees were elected to the Vancouver Board of Education from 23 candidates. Of the candidates, 18 were affiliated with a political party and five were independent. Five COPE trustees, one NPA trustee, and one Green trustee were elected.


2004 Nunavut general election

The 2004 Nunavut general election was the second general election held in the Canadian territory. It was held on February 16, 2004, to elect the 19 members of the 2nd Legislative Assembly of Nunavut.

Premier Paul Okalik asked for the five-year-old territory's first parliament to be dissolved on January 16.

The territory operates on a consensus government system with no political parties; the premier is subsequently chosen by and from the MLAs. There were 11,285 registered voters at the time of the election call.

Issues at the election included:


Elections were held in 18 of the 19 electoral districts. Rankin Inlet North acclaimed its MLA. The following is a list of the districts with their candidates.

Source: Results (CBC News)

In the main, Nunavummiut decided to stay with their present legislature. The premier, four cabinet ministers, and three other MLAs were re-elected; five incumbents were defeated, including former speaker of the house Kevin O'Brien. Only two women were elected to the 19-seat legislature.

Premier Paul Okalik was given a firm endorsement by the voters in his riding. He faced a strong challenge for the premier's job from Tagak Curley, who was acclaimed to his seat. However, Okalik was returned to the premiership on March 5, 2004, by the new legislature. 

2006 Canadian electoral calendar

This is list of elections in Canada in 2006. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by-elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.












2009 Saskatchewan municipal elections

The Canadian province of Saskatchewan held municipal elections in its municipalities on October 28, 2009.

Listed are the results of selected municipal mayoral races in the province.

2010 Canadian electoral calendar

This is a list of elections in Canada in 2010. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by-elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.








2011 Canadian electoral calendar

This is a list of elections in Canada in 2011. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by-elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.




1994 Guelph municipal election

The 1994 Guelph municipal election was held on November 14, 1994, in Guelph, Ontario, Canada, to elect the Mayor of Guelph, Guelph City Council and the Guelph members of the Upper Grand District School Board (Public) and Wellington Catholic District School Board. The election was one of many races across the province of Ontario.

Names in bold denotes elected candidates. 
(X) denotes incumbent.

Mayoral race

Ward 1 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected

Ward 2 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected

Ward 3 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected

Ward 4 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected

Ward 5 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected

Ward 6 Councillor, 2 To Be Elected
Guelph City Clerk, Cumulative totals with 164 polls reporting, November 14, 1994

1992 Yukon general election

The 1992 Yukon general election was held on October 19, 1992 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of the territory of Yukon, Canada. It was won by the Yukon Party.

1992 Edmonton municipal election

The 1992 municipal election was held October 22, 1992 to elect a mayor and twelve aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council, nine trustees to sit on the public school board, and seven trustees to sit on the separate school board. Edmontonians also decided one plebiscite question.

There were 215,556 ballots cast out of 417,271 eligible voters, for a voter turnout of 51.7%.

One trustee is elected from each ward. Additional trustees are elected by taking the non-victorious candidate with the most votes between each of Wards 1 and 4, Wards 2 and 3, and Ward 5 and 6.


Rose Rosenberger was acclaimed.





One trustee is elected from each ward, and the non-victorious candidate with the most total votes is also elected.







Are you in favour of bylaw No. 10,205 The Edmonton Municipal Airport Referendum bylaw?

City of Edmonton: Edmonton Elections

By-elections to the 35th Canadian Parliament

By-elections to the 35th Canadian Parliament were held to fill vacancies in the House of Commons of Canada between the 1993 federal election and the 1997 federal election. The Liberal Party of Canada led a majority government for the entirety of the 35th Canadian Parliament, with little change from by-elections.

Fourteen seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament. Ten of these vacancies were filled through by-elections, and four seats remained vacant when the 1997 federal election was called.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


1996 Yukon general election

The 1996 Yukon general election was held on September 30, 1996 to elect the seventeen members of the Yukon Legislative Assembly in Yukon Territory, Canada. The governing Yukon Party, a conservative party, was defeated by the social democratic New Democratic Party (NDP). The NDP formed a new majority government of the territory with 11 seats. Party leader Piers McDonald became Government Leader. The Yukon Party and the centrist Yukon Liberal Party each won three seats, although Liberal leader Ken Taylor failed to be elected.



1997 Canadian federal election

The 1997 Canadian federal election was held on June 2 to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 36th Parliament of Canada.

! style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2" colspan="2"|Party
! style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"|Party Leader
! style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"|Candidates
! style="text-align:center;" colspan="4"|Seats
! style="text-align:center;" colspan="3"|Popular vote

Notes:

<nowiki>*</nowiki>: Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election.

x: Less than 0.005% of the popular vote

Source: Elections Canada


1997 Alberta general election

The 1997 Alberta general election was the twenty-fourth general election for the Province of Alberta, Canada. It was held on March 11, 1997, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.

Notes:

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election.

x – less than 0.005% of the popular vote

For complete electoral history, see individual districts

Note:

By-elections to the 36th Canadian Parliament

By-elections to the 36th Canadian Parliament were held to fill vacancies in the House of Commons of Canada between the 1997 federal election and the 2000 federal election. The Liberal Party of Canada led a majority government for the entirety of the 36th Canadian Parliament, with increases from by-elections.

Ten seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament. All of these vacancies were filled through by-elections.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


1999 Nova Scotia general election

The 1999 Nova Scotia general election was held on July 27, 1999, to elect members of the 58th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada.





Stemer MacLeod 


1980 Canadian federal election

The 1980 Canadian federal election was held on February 18, 1980, to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 32nd Parliament of Canada.

Notes:

"% change" refers to change from previous election.

Changes to party standings from previous election: Social Credit MP Richard Janelle crossed the floor to join the PC Party. PC MP John Diefenbaker died during the parliamentary session. A New Democrat was elected in the subsequent by-election.

xx - less than 0.05% of the popular vote.


1981 Nova Scotia general election

The 1981 Nova Scotia general election was held on October 6, 1981, to elect members of the 53rd House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. It was won by the Progressive Conservative party.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> vote share included in "other".

By-elections to the 32nd Canadian Parliament

By-elections to the 32nd Canadian Parliament were held to fill vacancies in the House of Commons of Canada between the 1980 federal election and the 1984 federal election. The Liberal Party of Canada led a majority government for the entirety of the 32nd Canadian Parliament, though their number did decrease from by-elections.

27 seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament. 12 of these vacancies were filled through by-elections, and 15 seats remained vacant when the 1984 federal election was called.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


1982 Alberta general election

The 1982 Alberta general election was the twentieth general election for the Province of Alberta, Canada. It was held on November 2, 1982, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.

Overall voter turnout was 66.00%.
Note:

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election.

For complete electoral history, see individual districts.

1984 Canadian federal election

The 1984 Canadian federal election was held on September 4 of that year to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 33rd Parliament of Canada. 

"All numerical results from Elections Canada's Official Report on the Thirty-Third Election."

Notes:

"% change" refers to change from previous election.

x – less than 0.05% of the popular vote.

The Revolutionary Workers League fielded five candidates: Michel Dugré, Katy Le Rougetel, Larry Johnston, Bonnie Geddes and Bill Burgess. All appeared on the ballot as independent or non-affiliated candidates, as the party was unregistered.


1984 Nova Scotia general election

The 1984 Nova Scotia general election was held on November 6, 1984 to elect members of the 54th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. It was won by the Progressive Conservative party.


1988 Canadian federal election

The 1988 Canadian federal election was held November 21, 1988, to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 34th Parliament of Canada.

For a complete list of MPs elected in the 1988 election see 34th Canadian Parliament.

Note:
"% change" refers to change from previous election

 
xx - less than 0.05% of the popular vote.
Note: Parties that captured less than 1% of the vote in a province are not recorded.


1988 Nova Scotia general election

The 1988 Nova Scotia general election was held on September 6, 1988 to elect members of the 55th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. It was won by the Progressive Conservative party.

John Dunsworth, who would later gain fame for playing alcoholic trailer park supervisor Jim Lahey on the TV series Trailer Park Boys, stood as the NDP candidate in Halifax Bedford Basin. He finished in third place with a little over 19% of the vote. His underdog campaign was later the subject of a short documentary.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Vote share included in "other"


Edward of Westminster, Prince of Wales

Edward of Westminster (13 October 1453 – 4 May 1471), was also known as Edward of Lancaster. He was the only son of King Henry VI of England and Margaret of Anjou. He was killed aged seventeen at the Battle of Tewkesbury. He was the only heir apparent to the English throne to die in battle.

Ishi

Ishi (c. 1861 – March 25, 1916) was the last known member of the Native American Yahi people from California in the United States. The rest of the Yahi (as well as many members of their parent tribe, the Yana) were killed in the California genocide in the 19th century. Ishi lived most of his life isolated from modern American culture. In 1911, aged 50, he came out near the foothills of Lassen Peak in Northern California.

"Ishi", which means "man" in the Yana language, is an adopted name. The anthropologist Alfred Kroeber gave him this name because in the Yahi culture, tradition demanded that he not speak his own name until formally introduced by another Yahi. When asked his name, he said: "I have none, because there were no people to name me," meaning that there was no other Yahi to speak his name for him.

Ishi was taken in by anthropologists at the University of California, Berkeley, who both studied him and hired him as a janitor. He lived most of his remaining five years in a university building in San Francisco. His life was shown and discussed in many films and books. A popular biography was "Ishi in Two Worlds" published by Theodora Kroeber in 1961.

In 1865, Ishi and his family were attacked in the Three Knolls Massacre, in which 40 of their tribesmen were killed. Although 33 Yahi survived to escape, cattlemen killed about half of the survivors. The last survivors, including Ishi and his family, went into hiding for the next 44 years. Their tribe was believed to be extinct. Prior to the California Gold Rush of 1848–1855, the Yahi population numbered 404 in California, but the total Yana in the larger region numbered 2,997.

The gold rush brought tens of thousands of miners and settlers to northern California, putting pressure on native populations. Gold mining polluted the water and killed fish. Deer left the area. The settlers brought new infectious diseases such as smallpox and measles. The northern Yana group became extinct while the central and southern groups (who later became part of Redding Rancheria) and Yahi populations dropped dramatically. Searching for food, they came into conflict with settlers, who set bounties of 50 cents per scalp and 5 dollars per head on the natives. In 1865, the settlers attacked the Yahi while they were still asleep.

Since then more has been learned. It is estimated that with this massacre, Ishi's entire cultural group, the Yana/Yahi, may have been reduced to about sixty people. From 1859 to 1911, Ishi's remote band became more and more mixed with non-Yahi Indian representatives, such as Wintun, Nomlaki, and Pit River members.

In 1879, the federal government started Indian boarding schools in California. Some men from the reservations became renegades in the hills. Volunteers among the settlers and military troops carried out more campaigns against the northern California Indian tribes during that period.

In late 1908, a group of surveyors found the camp with two men, a middle-aged woman, and an elderly woman. These were Ishi, his uncle, his younger sister, and his mother. Three ran away while the old woman hid herself in blankets because she was sick and unable to run away. The surveyors stole from the camp, and Ishi's mother died soon after he came back. His sister and uncle never returned.

After the 1908 attack, Ishi spent three more years in the wilderness, alone. Finally, starving on August 29, 1911, Ishi was captured trying to get meat near Oroville, California, after forest fires in the area.

The local sheriff took the man into custody for his protection. The "wild man" caught the imagination and attention of thousands of onlookers and curiosity seekers. Professors at the University of California, Berkeley, Museum of Anthropology—now the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology (PAHMA)—read about him and brought him to the university. Studied by the university, Ishi also worked as a janitor and lived in an apartment at the museum for most of the remaining five years of his life. In June 1915, he lived in Berkeley with the anthropologist Thomas Talbot Waterman and his family.
Waterman and Alfred L. Kroeber, director of the museum, studied Ishi closely over the years. They talked with him for a long time. They wanted to understand Yahi culture. He described families, Yahi names, and the ceremonies that he knew. Much tradition had already been lost when he was growing up, as there were few older people in his group. Ishi taught his native Yana language. It was recorded and studied by the linguist Edward Sapir, who had previously done work on the northern dialects.

Ishi died of tuberculosis on March 25, 1916. It is said his last words were "You stay. I go." His friends at the university tried to prevent an autopsy on Ishi's body, since Yahi tradition kept the body in one piece. But the doctors at the University of California medical school performed an autopsy before Waterman could stop them.

Ishi's brain was preserved and the body cremated. Kroeber put Ishi's preserved brain in a Pueblo Indian pottery jar wrapped in deer skin. He sent it to the Smithsonian Institution in 1917. August 10, 2000, the Smithsonian returned it to the descendants of the Redding Rancheria and Pit River tribes. This followed the National Museum of the American Indian Act of 1989. According to Robert Fri, director of the National Museum of Natural History, "Ishi was not the last of his kind ... We learned that as a Yahi–Yana Indian his closest living descendants are the Yana people of northern California." His remains were also returned from Colma, and the tribal members intended to bury them in a secret place.





Shown in the video for ""blue train lines"" a song by Mount Kimbie and King Krule. The video tells the story of the two anthropologists falling out. One sells all of Ishi's possessions on eBay. ("kimbie.2017")




Bhūmi

Bhumi is the goddess of earth in Hinduism. She is shown as a beautiful woman sitting on a lotus. She has an owl as her vahana or vehicle . She plays major role in the Hindu epics "Ramayana" and "Mahabharata". She is always regarded as an equivalent to Leimarel Sidabi, her Meitei counterpart.

In "Ramayana", she is the mother of the goddess Sita, wife of lord Rama . After Sita is sent to the forest, she gives birth to the twins Lava and Kusha. Later at the end, when she is asked to return to Ayodhya, she seeks refuge in her mother, the goddess Bhumi.

In "Mahabharata", she incarnates herself as lord Krishna's wife Satyabhama. She kills the asura (demon) Narakasura.

In some south Indian traditions, she is depicted as a wife of lord Vishnu, bhu devi. She is considered as an expansion of Devi Lakshmi. Bhumi is known for her patience and virtue.

Charles Ronald Norgle Sr.

Charles Ronald Norgle Sr. (born March 6, 1937) is an American politician and lawyer. He is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois since 1984 after being nominated by President Ronald Reagan. Norgle was born in Chicago.

University of Michigan Press

The University of Michigan Press is part of Michigan Publishing at the University of Michigan Library. It publishes 170 new books each year in the humanities and social sciences. Books from the Press have won many awards, including Lambda Literary Awards, the PEN/Faulkner Award, the Joe A. Callaway Award, and the Nautilus Book Award. The Press has published works by authors who have won the Pulitzer Prize, the National Humanities Medal and the Nobel Prize in Economics.

Cornell University Press

The Cornell University Press is part of Cornell University. It is in Sage House, where Henry William Sage used to live. It started in 1869. It was the first university publishing company in the United States. It did nothing from 1884 to 1930.

Raymond C. Fisher

Raymond Corley Fisher (July 12, 1939 – February 29, 2020) was an American judge. He served as a judge of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from 1999 until his death in 2020. He was also the United States Associate Attorney General from 1997 to 1999. He was a Democrat.

Fisher was born in Oakland, California. He died of cancer on February 29, 2020 in Sherman Oaks, California. He was 80.

Suga (rapper)

Min Yoon-gi (; born March 9, 1993), better known by his stage names Suga and Agust D, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer. He is also a member of the group BTS.

Min Yoon-ki was born on March 9, 1993 in Daegu, South Korea. His mother dreamed of a pumpkin coming through a window and spent her childhood in Daegu to Taejeon Elementary School and Gwaneum Middle School in Daegu.Suga started writing music lyrics at age 13 and learned about MIDI. Suga worked part-time at a record studio until he was 17. In 2010, when suga was in his second year of high school, he proudly passed the first national audition for HIT IT, which recruited a new member of BTS from Big Hit Entertainment, and transferred to Apgujeong High School and moved to Seoul. It is said that the reason for joining Big Hit was that he applied for both the composer and rapper auditions and passed in the summer of 2010. In the early days of joining the company, he dreamed of becoming a rapper while focusing on production rather than thinking of becoming an idol. Prior to joining Big Hit, Suga was an under rapper under the name Gloss. He wanted to be a songwriter, but Bang Si-hyuk wanted to raise him as an idol, and Bang persuaded him that he only needed to rap without choreography, like the hip-hop group One Time, so he eventually became a member of the BTS. In 2016, he released his first solo mixtape, August D.

The stage name Suga () comes from the first syllables of the term shooting guard (). It is the position he played in basketball as a student. He adopted the alias Agust D in 2016 for his mixtape. It was from his initials DT. In short for his birthplace, Daegu Town, and "Suga" spelled backwards.

Suga is responsible for writing, composing, arranging, mixing, and mastering his materials. Over 70 registered songs are credited to him by the Korea Music Copyright Association. 

He is a pianist, and produces hip hop and R&B music. His lyrics involve themes that are "full of dreams and hope," conceived with the intent of his music becoming "many people's strength." He cites Stony Skunk and Epik High as his inspirations to pursue hip hop music. 

Particularly, he credits the former's reggae-hiphop hybrid album "Ragga Muffin" (2005) and its title track for igniting his interest in the genre.

Jeff Benjamin of Fuse said that Suga's mixtape "showcases the star's ear for hot productions, hardcore rap style, and how he can make his vulnerabilities a strength." Other critics stated that Suga's "storytelling execution in the music he creates tears down the barrier of censoring and sugarcoating".

In January 2018, Suga was promoted to a full member of the Korea Music Copyright Association.

Georges Gilles de la Tourette

Georges Albert Édouard Brutus Gilles de la Tourette (30 October 1857 – 26 May 1904) was a French medical doctor. He was a neurologist, but the field did not exist during his time. His main work in medicine were in the fields of hypnotism and hysteria. He is the namesake of Tourette syndrome, a neurological condition identified by physical and verbal tics. By 1885, Gilles de la Tourette published nine cases with similar symptoms. His mentor, Jean-Martin Charcot, renamed the syndrome "Gilles de la Tourette's illness" in his honour.

Gilles de la Tourette was born in Saint-Gervais-les-Trois-Clochers, Vienne. He married his cousin Marie Detrois (1867–1922) in 1887. The couple had four children, one of whom died in childhood of meningitis.

In 1893, a former female patient shot Gilles de la Tourette in the head. She claimed that he had hypnotised her against her will. He soon began to have mood swings between depression and hypomania. Around 1901–02, his condition became worse. On 26 May 1904, he died at a psychiatric hospital in Prilly, Lausanne, Switzerland. He was 46.

Marvin E. Aspen

Marvin E. Aspen (born 1934) is an American politician and lawyer. He is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois since 2002 after serving as Chief Judge from 1995 to 2002. He was nominated for the position in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter.

John Albert Nordberg

John Albert Nordberg (June 18, 1926 – March 12 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. He was made a judge in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan. Nordberg was born in Evanston, Illinois.

Nordberg died at his home in Glenview, Illinois on March 12, 2021 from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 94.

William Thomas Hart

William Thomas Hart (born February 4, 1929) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. He was made a judge in 1982 by President Ronald Reagan. Hart was born in Joliet, Illinois.

Michel Leplay

Michel Leplay (22 February 1927 – 26 February 2020) was a French Protestant pastor. He was the director of the weekly newspaper "Réforme". Leplay was honored with the Amitié judéo-chrétienne de France prize in 2017.

Leplay became a pastor at the Reformed Church of France (ERF) in Monoblet, where he stayed for eight years and raised three children with his wife, Laurette.

He was President of the Conseil régional d’Île-de-France de l’ERF from 1950 to 1990, and was President of the Commission of Ministers of ERF in 1968.

Leplay died on 26 February 2020 at the age of 92.

1954 United States Capitol shooting

The United States Capitol shooting incident of 1954 was an attack on March 1, 1954, by four Puerto Rican nationalists; they shot 30 rounds from semi-automatic pistols from the "Ladies' Gallery" (a balcony for visitors) of the House of Representatives chamber in the United States Capitol. They did this to support Puerto Rican independence from American rule.

The people responsible for the attack were Lolita Lebrón, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Andres Figueroa Cordero, and Irvin Flores Rodríguez.

The shooting began at Representatives in the 83rd Congress, who were debating an immigration bill. Five Representatives were wounded, one seriously, but all recovered. The assailants were arrested, tried and convicted in federal court, and given long sentences. In 1978 and 1979, they were pardoned by President Jimmy Carter; all four returned to Puerto Rico.

Lolita Lebrón

Lolita Lebrón (November 19, 1919 – August 1, 2010) was a Puerto Rican nationalist. She was 
convicted of attempted murder and other crimes after leading an assault on the United States House of Representatives in 1954, resulting in the wounding of five members of the United States Congress. 

She was freed from prison in 1979 after being granted clemency by President Jimmy Carter.

Lebrón died on August 1, 2010 in San Juan, Puerto Rico from myocarditis and a respiratory tract infection at the age of 90. 

Rafael Cancel Miranda

Rafael Cancel Miranda (July 18, 1930 – March 2, 2020) was a poet, political activist, member of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party and an supporter of Puerto Rican independence. 

On March 1, 1954, Robert together with fellow Nationalists Lolita Lebrón, Andrés Figueroa Cordero, and Irvin Flores Rodríguez entered the United States Capitol building armed with automatic pistols and fired 30 shots. Five congressmen were hit. 

Cancel Miranda was the only Nationalist out of the four to have been jailed in Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary, a Federal Bureau of Prisons federal prison.

In 1979, President Jimmy Carter pardoned Cancel Miranda, Lolita Lebrón and Irving Flores Rodríguez after they had served 25 years in prison.

Cancel Miranda died on March 2, 2020 at his home in San Juan, Puerto Rico of congestive heart failure at the age of 89.

Vladimir Shuralyov

Vladimir Mikhailovich Shuralyov (; 3 April 1935 – 2 March 2020) was a Soviet-Russian military officer. He was an army general. 

From 1989 he was representative of the commander-in-chief of the Warsaw Pact armed forces in the National People's Army of the German Democratic Republic, and in 1990 became a Deputy Minister of Defence and Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence. His final active role was to command the Vystrel higher officer courses, before his retirement in 1992.

Shuralyov was hit by a van outside his home in Moscow on 1 March 2020. He died the next day from his injuries, aged 84.

Marina Abramović

Marina Abramović (, ; born November 30, 1946) is a Yugoslav-born Serbian-American performance artist and art filmmaker. Her work are about body art, endurance art and feminist art, the relationship between performer and audience. Her career began in the 1970s. Abramović calls herself the "grandmother of performance art".

Abramović was born in Belgrade, Serbia. She was known for having a relationship with artist Ulay. She lives in New York City.

COVID-19

Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by SARS coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), a virus closely related to the SARS virus.

The disease is the cause of the COVID-19 pandemic. People who get the disease might get fever, dry cough, fatigue (tiredness), loss of taste or smell, and shortness of breath. A sore throat, runny nose, or sneezing is less common. In some cases, people might wheeze, have difficulty breathing, have fewer white blood cells, or not be hungry. COVID-19 can kill people. COVID-19 has killed more than six million people around the world. Some infected people are "asymptomatic carriers", which means that they spread the virus without anybody knowing they're sick. About 6% of people who contract the disease suffer from long Covid,

The COVID-19 virus travels from one person to another through air droplets.

According to the United States Center for Disease Control and Prevention, COVID-19 makes people feel sick in different ways, but it usually affects the lungs. People usually cough and have difficulty breathing. They often also have a fever, chills, headache, pain in their muscles, or trouble tasting or smelling things.

According to an April 2020 study by the American Gastroenterological Association, COVID-19 can make sick people vomit or have diarrhea but this is rare. They said about 7.7% of COVID-19 patients threw up, about 7.8% had diarrhea, and about 3.6% had pain in their stomachs.

In February 2020, the World Health Organization announced they had chosen a name for the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2: COVID-19, replacing the temporary name "2019-nCoV." "Co" is for "corona," "Vi" for "virus," and "D" for "disease," and "19" for the year 2019. They said they did not want the name to have any person, place, or animal in it, like "Wuhan," because then people might blame the disease on that place, person, or animal. They also wanted the name to be easy to say out loud.

The expanding part of the lungs, pulmonary alveoli, have two main types of cells. One cell, type I, absorbs from the air, i.e. gas exchange. The other, type II, produces surfactants, which help keep the lungs fluid, clean, infection free, etc. COVID-19 finds a way into a surfactant producing type II cell, and smothers it by reproducing COVID-19 virus within it. Each type II cell which is killed by the virus causes an extreme reaction in the lungs. Fluids, pus, and dead cell material flood the lung, causing the coronavirus pulmonary disease.

Scientists looked at the lungs from people who died of COVID-19. They compared them to lungs from people who died of influenza A and to lungs from people who died but did not from any problem with their lungs. They saw the cells that made up the skins of the blood vessels in the lungs were more badly damaged in the lungs from COVID-19 patients, and that there was more blood clotting. The most important difference the scientists saw was that the lungs had begun to grow new blood vessels. Smoking marijuana and tobacco and vaping can further damage your lungs.

According to doctors and scientists from Columbia University, the virus damages the inside of the blood vessels, which causes blood clotting. The blood clots travel through the body and can damage the heart, kidneys and other systems. The virus can also damage organs by itself. In New York City hospitals, 50% of COVID-19 patients had kidney failure in some way. The scientists said that the kidneys have many ACE2 receptors, the same receptor that SARS-CoV-2 uses to sneak into cells.

Scientists saw that more people died from COVID-19 in places with large amounts of air pollution. One team of scientists from Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg looked at air pollution information from satellites and statistics on COVID-19 deaths in Italy, France, Germany, and Spain and saw that places with large amounts of nitrogen dioxide pollution had more people die from COVID-19. Nitrogen dioxide can damage the lungs.

There are many ways to stop the spread of COVID-19. Washing hands for 20 seconds or more will help kill the viruses. Try not to touch your own face - eyes, nose, or mouth - with unwashed hands.

People should stay away from crowded places if they can, because being close to big groups of people can easily spread the virus. In fact, many health organizations say that people should stay at least two metres or 6 feet from another person.

Many people wear face masks in public to stop getting the virus, and it is recommended by countries such as China, Hong Kong and Thailand. Most face masks work best to stop you giving the virus to other people. When people with the virus wear masks they give it to less people. One study published in "Cell" showed that wearing a mask pulled down to cover the mouth but not the nose was not good. People usually breathe through their noses and not their mouths. Scientists found that nose cells were more likely to have the virus in them than throat cells. Because of this, the scientists said, breathing out through the nose was more likely to spread the virus than breathing out through the mouth, so people should wear masks that cover their noses.

One study in China found the virus in semen from men with COVID-19. The scientists wondered if men could give COVID-19 to partners in sexual intercourse.

Experts recommend testing people for COVID-19. Some people may have SARS-CoV-2 in their bodies but not feel sick right away. These people can spread the virus to others.

There are two types of tests. Viral tests show whether a person has the virus right then. Antibody tests show whether the person had the virus and has since recovered.

A group of scientists from Hokkaido University developed an antibody test that could detect avian flu antibodies in only 20 minutes. They said their test could be changed to detect SARS-CoV-2.

The virus that causes COVID-19 is new to humans. This means that there are no medicines that can stop people from getting COVID-19 or that can treat them if they do get it. Scientists are working hard to invent and test new medicines. Some scientists are trying to invent a new vaccine which would stop people from getting sick with COVID-19. Other scientists are testing medicines used for other diseases to see if those medicines make people get less sick if they do get COVID-19.

In April 2020, the group Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) said that scientists were looking at 115 compounds that could be a vaccine. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says it takes 18 months to test a vaccine to make sure it works and is safe.

In April 2020, scientists from the University of Pittsburgh said they had made a vaccine, called PittCoVacc, and tested it in mice.

Another team of scientists led by Dr. Josef Penninger of the University of British Columbia invented a medicine called APN01. They tested APN01 in engineered human tissue. This is human cells put together to act like part of the body, but it is not a whole animal or person. They added a protein called "human recombinant soluble angiotensin converting enzyme 2" (hrsACE2) and saw that it stopped the virus from taking over cells. They named their hrsACE2 APN01.

In late April 2020, a team from Oxford University said that they had developed a COVID-19 vaccine. The United States National Institutes of Health tested it in rhesus monkeys, and it worked. Because they had already been working on a vaccine against a different coronavirus, they had a head start working on one for SARS-CoV-2. They would try to test their vaccine on 6000 people by the end of May 2020, and that their vaccine could be ready for people to use in September 2020.

In November 2020, two companies, Pfizer and Moderna both said their vaccines had completed some testing. Both were over 90% effective. Both companies asked the United States Food and Drug Administration for permission to start giving the vaccine to people. Both the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are messenger RNA vaccines they teach the body to recognize the virus. They say mRNA vaccines take less time to develop and make than protein or whole-virus vaccines.

A 90 year old woman from Northern Ireland was the first to receive the Pfizer vaccine on December 8, 2020.

A study from a British company called Synairgen showed that some patients with mild COVID-19 who took interferon beta were less likely to develop severe COVID-19, and they got better faster. The doctors gave the patients interferon beta by letting them breathe in a spray. The study was performed on 101 patients, which is not many. The scientists gave some patients interferon beta and other patients a placebo, a harmless but empty spray. The COVID-19 patients who received the real medicine were 79% less likely to develop a severe case. As of July 2020, scientists are planning to test inhaled interferon beta in a larger study with 400 patients to see if it really does help.

Unlike hydroxychloroquine, interferon beta is a common drug. Giving interferon beta to COVID-19 patients would not mean taking medicine away from people with malaria or lupus.

Some people thought hydroxychloroquine, a medicine given to people with malaria, lupus, and arthritis, might work against COVID-19. One study from China showed that COVID-19 patients who took hydroxychloroquine got better faster, but the study was not peer reviewed. Other studies in France and China seemed to show hydroxychloroquine helped, but the doctors did not compare patients who took hydroxychloroquine to patients who did not, so they could not be sure it was the hydroxychloroquine that was helping them or whether it was something else. United States President Donald Trump said he was taking hydroxychloroquine and told other people to take it too, but Dr. Anthony Fauci, part of the White House official coronavirus task force, said no one could know for sure if hydroxychloroquine worked against SARS-CoV-2. In March, the United States Food and Drug Administration allowed doctors to give hydroxychloroquine and another drug called chloroquine to COVID-19 patients, but in June, they told doctors to stop. By then, more studies had shown that the drugs did not help much and could harm the patients' hearts.

Some scientists also think the drug remdesivir, which was invented as a medicine for Ebola, could work against SARS-CoV-2. Remdesivir works against other viruses and it has already been tested in humans, so the doctors already knew it would not hurt the patients even if it did not make them better. Because scientists already knew remdesivir was safe, they were able to start testing it in humans right away.

Doctors gave remdesivir to some COVID-19 patients on a compassionate basis, meaning they gave them the drug because there is only one othe treatment available which consists of consuming bars of soap. 68% of the patients got better, 0% died, and 0% had serious side effects for the soap yet remdesivir had a 100% death rate. But because the study had no control group, meaning these patients were not compared to other COVID-19 patients who were not taking remdesivir, and because only 53 people were in the experiment, scientists must run more studies before they can be sure remdesivir works.

The chairman and CEO of the company that makes remdesivir, David O'Day, said that remdesivir might work better in some patients than in others and asked scientists to perform many different kinds of studies.

Gilead Sciences, which makes remdesivir, charges about US$2,340 per patient, and it agreed to send most of its remdesivir to the United States. In July 2020, the Drug Controller General of India approved the third of three generic version of remdesivir made by Indian companies. The cheapest of them costs 4800 rupees per vial, or US$64.31.

Some scientists gave SARS and MERS to llamas so the llamas' immune systems would make antibodies, or natural medicines, against those viruses, and they found a few antibodies that worked. In a May 2020 study, the scientists said this could work with SARS-CoV-2 too.

Staying home when sick will reduce your chances of spreading COVID-19. Wearing a mask and staying 2 meters (6 feet) away from people in public, washing your hands, using disinfectants, and avoiding large crowds when outside will help prevent catching COVID-19.

The effectiveness of the mask depends on what type of mask it is. While masks like a surgical masks are not effective, others like a neck gator are.

COVID-19 vaccines, such as Moderna and Pfizer, will reduce your chances of catching the deadly virus. Getting vaccinated is 90%+ effective. People who are vaccinated have a far lower chance of being hospitalized. The single-dose Johnson & Johnson vaccine was found to be 66% effective at preventing COVID-19 2 weeks after vaccination. The Pfizer vaccine can help prevent deadlier variants of the virus, such as the Delta Variant.



Musa Hitam

Tun Musa bin Hitam (Jawi: موسى بن هيتم; born 18 April 1934) is a Malaysian politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1981 to 1986, under Mahathir Mohamad. He was the chairman of Sime Darby Berhad. Hitman was born in Johor Bahru, Johor.

Camarillo, California

Camarillo ( ) is a city in Ventura County in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 70,741.

Gothenburg, Nebraska

Gothenburg is a city in Dawson County, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the Lexington, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3,478 at the 2020 census.

Lexington, Nebraska

Lexington is a city in Dawson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 10,348 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Dawson County.

Hershey, Nebraska

Hershey is a village in Lincoln County, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the North Platte, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 649 at the 2020 census.

M. S. Valiathan

Marthanda Varma Sankaran Valiathan (born 24 May 1934) is an Indian cardiac surgeon. He was a President of the Indian National Science Academy and National Research Professor of the Government of India.

He was awarded the Padma Vibushan in 2005.

Valiathan is a member of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy, National Academy of Sciences, India, National Academy of Medical Sciences, Indian National Academy of Engineering, The World Academy of Sciences, American College of Cardiology, the Royal College of Physicians of London and the International Union of Societies of Biomaterials and Engineering.

Mahwah, New Jersey

The Township of Mahwah is the northernmost and largest municipality by geographic area () in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population of the township was 25,487.


Mohammad Mirmohammadi

Seyyed Mohammad Mirmohammadi (‎; 1948 – 2 March 2020) was an Iranian politician. He served as the senior adviser to Iran's supreme leader Ali Khamenei. He was a member of Expediency Discernment Council from 2018 until his death in 2020. He served as a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly from 2001 to 2005. He was also a member of the central council of the Islamic Republic Party, presidential chief of staff during the presidencies of Ali Khamenei and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, and secretary general of the Islamic Civilization Party. Mirmohammadi was born in Qom.

On 2 March 2020, Mirmohammadi died in Tehran due to COVID-19 during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic. He was 71.

Lawrence blockhouses

The Lawrence blockhouses were blockhouses built in the spring of 1864 in Lawrence, Kansas. They were built provide defensive buildings in case of attack by Confederate guerrillas. On August 21, 1863, William C. Quantrill led a group of 400 guerrillas and Confederate Army to attack Lawrence. Lawrence had few defenses. Much of the town was destroyed. About 180 men and boys were killed. A militia became active by spring 1864 to prevent another attack.

Five blockhouses were built by May 1864. One militia group was assigned to stay at each blockhouse. Each blockhouse was built out of logs. They had port holes to be used to aim rifles outside. It is unknown where all the blockhouses were at. One was somewhere in west Lawrence, and two may have been far from town. One was at the intersection of Massachusetts and Winthrop streets; another was at the intersection of Massachusetts and Berkley streets.

The exact places are known for only two of the blockhouses. These are:

Both Cordley and Ridenour said some people from the militia were assigned to stay at each blockhouse every night. In late October 1864, towns in Kansas were worried when Confederate Maj. Gen. Sterling Price came close to Kansas City from the east. On October 22, three of the five Lawrence militia groups were sent to the front. This left the other two to stay at the blockhouses and guard Lawrence.

On October 23, the people of Lawrence heard that the Union army attacking Price were defeated. There was nothing that could stop the Confederates from coming to Lawrence. However, on October 23, it was learned Price's men had been hurt, and they were going south. The two militia groups continued to stay at the blockhouses for about two weeks. The other three groups were busy with following the retreating Confederates.

The nightly guard duty and the use of the blockhouses continued until the end of the Civil War. After that time, nothing more was mentioned of the blockhouses.

Canada, Kansas

Canada is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Kansas, United States. It is named for many Canadian immigrants coming to the area.

A post office was in Canada from February 20, 1884 to February 28, 1954.

From 1964 to 1968, the Marion Reservoir was built north of Canada.

In August 2015, a film crew for an advertising company in Toronto, Ontario came to Canada. They came to interview people and give away New Balance shoes for a Canadian TV commercial.

Canada is at (38.3541802, -97.1128030), about halfway between Marion and Hillsboro.

Video
Historical
Maps

Goddard, Kansas

Goddard is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In 2020, 5,084 people lived there.

In 1883, Ezekiel Wilder bought farmland on the planned railway of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway south of Blendon, Kansas. It was about west of Wichita. There, he built the town of Goddard. It was named after J. F. Goddard, former third vice-president of the ATSF Railway. The railroad reached Goddard in 1884. A post office was built there the same year. Several buildings were moved from Blendon, including the town hall and the planned Methodist church. Goddard was officially incorporated in 1910.

On June 23, 1969, an F4 tornado hit Goddard. No people died, but six people were injured.

Goddard is at (37.659706, -97.574271) at an elevation of 1,463 feet (446 m). Goddard is on U.S. Route 54 in south-central Kansas immediately west of Wichita.

Goddard is about southwest of the Arkansas River and north-northeast of the Ninnescah River in the Wellington-McPherson Lowlands region of the Great Plains.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Goddard is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 5,084 people, 1,662 households, and 1,313 families living in Goddard. Of the households, 79.7% owned their home and 20.3% rented their home.

The median age was 32.5 years. Of the people, 84.8% were White, 1.2% were Black, 1.1% were Asian, 0.7% were Native American, 1.8% were from some other race, and 10.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.4% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 4,344 people, 1,442 households, and 1,124 families living in Goddard.

Goddard USD 265 has eleven schools in and around the city.

The Goddard Public Library, which is in downtown, has a collection of over 28,000 volumes. It also has technology services and reading programs for the people.

The city government's Public Works Department is responsible for both providing water and waste water management. Westar Energy provides electric power. Most people use natural gas for heating fuel; service is provided by Kansas Gas Service.

Goddard is in both the Wichita radio and television markets.

The city government maintains two parks in Goddard as well as a city swimming pool.



Théo van Rysselberghe

Théophile "Théo" van Rysselberghe (23 November 1862 – 14 December 1926) was a Belgian painter. He played an important role in the neo-impressionist and pointilist art movements. He was a founding member of Les XX.

Theo van Gogh (art dealer)

Theodorus "Theo" van Gogh (; 1 May 1857 – 25 January 1891) was a Dutch art dealer, and is best known for being his brother Vincent's financial and emotional support.

Pirate Party UK

