Several small lakes and reservoirs are in Lakewood. The Soda Lakes lie in the far southwestern part of the city. East of them lies Bear Creek Lake, a reservoir fed by Bear Creek and Turkey Creek. Clustered near each other in central Lakewood are Main Reservoir, East Reservoir, Smith Reservoir, Kendrick Lake, and Cottonwood Lake. Northeast of them lies Kountze Lake. In the northwestern part of the city, Lena Gulch both feeds and drains Maple Grove Reservoir. In the far southern part of the city lies Bowles Reservoir No. 1 and, just outside the city limits to the reservoir's northeast, Marston Lake.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Of which are land and (2.6%) are covered by water.

As a suburb of Denver, Lakewood is part of both the greater Denver metropolitan area and the Front Range Urban Corridor. It borders other communities on all sides, including Wheat Ridge to the north, Edgewater to the northeast, Denver to the east and southeast, Dakota Ridge to the south, Morrison to the southwest, and Golden, West Pleasant View, East Pleasant View, and Applewood to the northwest.

Lakewood experiences a semiarid climate (Köppen "BSk") with winters tha fluctuate between mild to cold and snowy while summers are warm to hot, with great temperature differences (about 30°F) between day and night year round. Precipitation happens mostly in the spring and summer.
As of the 2020 census, 155,984 people lived in the city. These people belonged to 67,292 households. The population density was 3,588 people per square mile (1,385/km). Its 65,758 housing units averaged 1,533.5 per square mile (591.9/km). The racial makeup of the city was 72.1% White, 3.8% Asian, 1.9% Black, 1.6% Native American, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 7.7% from other races, and 12.7% from two or more races. Hispanics and Latinos of any race were 22.7% of the population.

Out of the 67,292 households, 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were married couples living together, 22.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% had a female householder with no husband present. About 32.3% of all households were a single person living alone, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 people.

When looking at the population by age, it was 17.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.4 years. The population divided by gender was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the city was $77,122, and for a family was $95,805. The city's per capita income was $46,404. About 5.7% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

Lakewood makes money in a lot of different way, but gets the most money from the government. Companies based in Lakewood include Einstein Bros. Bagels, FirstBank, and The Integer Group.

As of 2021, 62.3% of the population over the age of 16 had a job, and 3.9% were unemployed (not working but looking for a job). The different types of the employed civilian labor force was 52.5% in management, business, science, and arts; 17.3% in sales and office occupations; 15.5% in service occupations; 7.8% in production, transportation, and material moving; and 6.9% in natural resources, construction, and maintenance. The three industries employing the largest percentages of the working civilian labor force were educational services, health care, and social assistance (19.2%); professional, scientific, and management, and administrative and waste management services (18.1%); and arts, entertainment, and recreation, and accomodation and food services (10.2%).

Isabella Blow

Isabella Blow (born Isabella Delves Broughton; 19 November 1958 – 7 May 2007) was a British magazine editor. She worked for publications such as "Tatler", "Vogue" and "The Sunday Times". She was the muse of hat designer Philip Treacy. She is credited with discovering the models Stella Tennant and Sophie Dahl. She is also known for helping further the career of fashion designer Alexander McQueen.

Blow was born in Marylebone, London. She was married twice. At the time of her death, Detmar Blow had been her husband since 1989. She was depressed and had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ovarian cancer.

Blow tried to die by suicide on several occasions. On 6 May 2007, she was taken to a Gloucester hospital after poisoning herself. She died the next day, at the age of 48.

John Olsen

John Wayne Olsen (born 7 June 1945) is an Australian politician, diplomat and lobbyist. He served as the Premier of South Australia from November 1996 to October 2001. He was the leader of the South Australian Liberals from 1982 to 1990, and again from 1996 to 2001. He was also a Senator for South Australia between 1990 and 1992.

Olsen was born in Kadina, South Australia. He married Julie Abbott in 1968. The couple have three children.

Laurence Neal

Laurence William Neal (born 18 July 1947) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the National Party. He served as a Senator for Victoria from 1980 to 1981. Neal was born in Wangaratta, Victoria.

Jenny Morrison

Jennifer Morrison ("née" Warren; born 8 January 1968) is the wife of Scott Morrison, the 30th Prime Minister of Australia. Morrison is a registered nurse. She was born in Canterbury, New South Wales and grew up in Peakhurst, Sydney. She and her husband first met at the age of 12, started dating at 16 and were married at 21. The couple have two children.

Arghanj Khwa District

Arghanj Khwa District is a district in Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan. It was created in 2005 from part of Yaftali Payan District, itself created from the Fayzabad District.

Ab Daw

Ab Daw is a village in Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan. It is about 16 miles northwest of Zebak. In the past, Ad Baw was mostly lived in by Tajiks.

Mahmoud Jibril

Mahmoud Jibril el-Warfally (‎; 28 May 1952 – 5 April 2020) was a Libyan politician. He served as the interim Prime Minister of Libya for seven and a half months as the executive board of the National Transitional Council from 5 March to 23 October 2011. He was also the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He held these posts during the during the Libyan Civil War in 2011. From 2012 until his death, he was the leader of the National Forces Alliance. He was born in Benghazi.

On 5 April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Jibril died in Cairo, Egypt of COVID-19. He was 67.

International Business Times

The International Business Times (IBT), or simply the IBTimes, is an international American online news publication. It publishes seven national editions in four languages. It offers news, opinion and editorial commentary on business and commerce. IBT is one of the world's largest online news sources, having forty million unique visitors each month. It was launched in 2005. It was founded by Etienne Uzac and Johnathan Davis. Its headquarter is in New York City.The current editor is Peter.S. Goodman.

In late 2005, Uzac and Davis, in New York, launched the IBT website.On August 4, 2013, IBT Media purchased ""Newsweek" " another news site. Peter S. Goodman, news editor of "The Huffington Post", became editor in 2014. Goodman left the company in 2016. IBT Media later renamed as Newsweek Media Group.In September 2018, Newsweek Media Group once again became IBT Media with ""Newsweek"" became an independent company.

In 2016, "IBT" hired John Crowley, the "Wall Street Journal"'s digital editor, as its UK editor-in-chief. According to "The Guardian", "Crowley said his focus would be on helping the site break exclusives, in-depth storytelling and new forms of digital journalism". In 2017, "International Business Times" UK joined a partnership with "Bloomberg", "Channel 4" and the BBC to work together to combat the spread of fake news. Consequently. In June 2017, Jason Murdock — who covers cyber security for the "International Business Times UK" — won Digital Writer of the year at the Drum Online Media Awards.

Apart from the main International Business Times U.S.A (ibtimes.com), they run 4 local editions, including:

Masatake Mori

Masatake Mori (1937-2017) is a Japanese numerical analyst and a former professor at the University of Tokyo and Kyoto University. He is known for his contributions to numerical analysis, especially the invention of the double exponential integration formula (one of the most effective method for numerical integration). He also had several joint studies with Masaaki Sugihara.

Stephen Dillane

Stephen John Dillane (born 27 March 1957) is an English actor. On screen, he is best known for his roles as Leonard Woolf in the movie "The Hours" (2002), Thomas Jefferson in the HBO miniseries "John Adams" (2008), Stannis Baratheon in the fantasy series "Game of Thrones" (2012–15) and DCI Karl Roebuck in "The Tunnel" (2013–17). His TV work has earned him a BAFTA and International Emmy Award, as well as a Primetime Emmy Award nomination.

As a stage actor, Dillane won a Tony Award for his lead performance in Tom Stoppard's play "The Real Thing" (2000). He also had praised performances in "Angels in America" (1993), "Hamlet" (1994) and "Macbeth" (2005).

Dillane was born in Kensington, London. His mother was English and his father was an Australian. He is married to Naomi Wirthner. The couple have two children, including actor Frank Dillane.

Frank Dillane

Frank Stephenson Dillane (born 21 April 1991) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Nick Clark in the AMC series "Fear the Walking Dead" (2015–2018). His movie roles include Tom Riddle in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" (2009) and Owen Coffin in "In the Heart of the Sea" (2015).

Dillane was born in London. His parents are actors Stephen Dillane and Naomi Wirthner.

Arthur (season 2)

The second season of Arthur first aired on October 20, 1997 and ended on April 17, 1998.

Ed Biles

Edward G. Biles (October 18, 1931 – April 5, 2020) was an American football coach. His highest position was as head coach of the National Football League's Houston Oilers from 1981 to 1983. He was born in Reading, Ohio.

On April 5, 2020, Biles died of leukemia in Houston, Texas. He was 88.

Reading, Ohio

Reading is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,600.

The Flash (2014 TV series)

The Flash is an American superhero television series. Developed by Greg Berlanti, Andrew Kreisberg, and Geoff Johns, it airs on The CW. It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash. It is a spin-off from "Arrow" and exists in the same fictional universe.

The series follows Barry Allen, portrayed by Grant Gustin, a crime scene investigator who gains super-human speed. He uses his ability to fight criminals, including others who have also gained superhuman abilities. It is mostly filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

"The Flash" first aired on October 7, 2014. Since then, eight seasons have aired. A ninth season is being made.


Forrest Compton

Forrest Compton (September 15, 1925 – April 4, 2020) was an American actor. He is known for playing Mike Karr, the central character in the long-running soap opera "The Edge of Night" (1970–1984) and Lieutenant Colonel Edward Gray in the 1960s sitcom "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.". His other television credits include "The Troubleshooters", "The Twilight Zone", "77 Sunset Strip", "My Three Sons", "Mayberry R.F.D.", "Mannix", "Hogan's Heroes", "That Girl", "Another World", "Loving", "One Life to Live", "As the World Turns" and "Ed". His movie appearances include "The Outsider" (1961) and "McBain" (1991).

Compton was born in Reading, Pennsylvania. In 1975, he married Jeanne Sementini. On April 4, 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Compton died of COVID-19 in Shelter Island, New York. He was 94.

Shelter Island, New York

Shelter Island is a town and island at the eastern end of Long Island in the U.S. state of New York. It is part of Suffolk County. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 3,253.

Jay Benedict

Jay Benedict (April 11, 1951 – April 4, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Burbank, California. He started living in Europe during the 1960s. His movie credits include "Star Wars" (1977), "Aliens" (1986), "Diamond Skulls" (1989), "Tirant lo Blanc" (2006) and "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). He is also known for appearing in TV series such as "Foyle's War" and "Emmerdale".

On April 4, 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Benedict died of COVID-19 in London. He was 68.


YNW Melly

Jamell Maurice Demons (born May 1, 1999), better known as YNW Melly, is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. He was born in Gifford, Florida. He was best known for his songs "Murder on My Mind" and "Mixed Personalities" featuring Kanye West. He released his album, "We All Shine", in January 2019. 

In February 2019, Demons was charged with two counts of first-degree murder relating to a shooting that took place in October 2018. Jury selection for his trial took place on April 11, 2023. Melly's trial began on June 12, 2023. The judge paused the trial in January 2024. It's expected to resume on March 5.

In April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Demons tested positive for COVID-19 but was denied.


Screenless

"Screenless" is the fifteenth episode of the thirty-first season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on the Fox network on March 8, 2020. In the episode, Marge wants the family to lower their screen time. However, she later finds out she needs to lower her screen time the most. The episode was dedicated to James Lipton who died on March 2, 2020, six days before the episode was shown on television. He guest starred in the episodes "The Sweetest Apu" and "Homer the Father".

The Simpsons family is watching a murder show on TV. Lisa sees Maggie trying to get their attention so she changes the channel to a show that teaches babies sign language. Maggie was trying to tell them that Hans Moleman is stuck under a tree that fell, but the family does not notice. In the morning, they keep watching the show and Hans is taken to an ambulance.

The show is cancelled because the government stopped funding the show, so Marge tries teaching Maggie sign language herself. Marge tries to tell the family about Maggie's development, but the family is too busy on their devices. Marge decides to limit everyone's screen time to half an hour a week. 

Marge catches Homer, Bart, and Lisa having their screen time changed by a technician, so she puts away the devices completely. Homer is bored at work, so he starts playing word puzzles in a newspaper. Marge sees how strong devices are affecting Patty and Selma. Bart uses his imagination at school when he gets a toy rocket down from the school roof. Lisa gets the feeling of joy when she finds books from the library without using devices.

Marge can not find the recipe she is looking for, so when the family comes back home, they find her in the closet with her phone and laptop. Marge admits that she is the one who is addicted to devices. She signs the family up for a month at the Screen Addiction Rehab Center, a place to treat screen addictions.

The next day, they get in to the center and find out it is a pleasant place. The owner, Dr. Lund, shows them around the place and what you can do. The family starts to recover, but they can not hold back for long. They find the workers all using computers and sending spam mail after stealing the patients' accounts. The family can not leave because they signed a non-disclosure contract which does not let them leave the center.

At night, the family uses sign language to communicate with each other and escape the center. The next day, Dr. Lund is arrested for scamming.

Dennis Perkins of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a score of B- and says that "there's not enough else to recommend 'Screenless,' as the Simpsons’ individual journeys through the hell of online withdrawal are short-changed and unsatisfying." "Den of Geek" gave the episode a 3.5 out of 5 stars and says that the episode "is a sweet episode because it promises that families can be in the same room as each other and still be together."

Aardonyx

Aardonyx is a genus of dinosaur. It lived in what is now South Africa during the Early Jurassic about 195 million years ago. The Aardonyx had a long, slender neck and a small head. It had a thick, barrel chest and primarily stood on two legs, but could walk on four. It was 20 feet long and 6 feet tall. It weighed about half a ton. Its diet was herbivorous.

Accelerometer

An accelerometer is a device used to measure proper acceleration, which is the acceleration it experiences in relation to freefall, and is the acceleration felt by people and objects. Accelerometers are commonly made up of piezoelectric, piezoresistive or capacitive components. Here are some examples of what accelerometers are used for:

1967 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1967 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1966–67 season. It was between the Montreal Canadiens and the Toronto Maple Leafs. The Maple Leafs won the series, four games to two.

Kincaid, Illinois

Kincaid is a village in Illinois in the United States. Kincaid had a population of 1,349 in 2020. Kincaid is in Christian County. Living in Kincaid offers residents a rural feel and most residents own their homes. Many families live in Kincaid and residents tend to be conservative.

Nutteln

Nutteln is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Waseda University Honjo Senior High School

Waseda University Honjo Senior High School is a Japanese private high school which is attached to Waseda University. This means that all students who have successfully graduated from this high school are entitled to enter Waseda University.


Waseda Jitsugyo

Waseda Jitsugyo () is a Japanese private school with an elementary school (), junior and senior high school (). Waseda Jitsugyo was founded in 1901, in Tokyo and attached to Waseda University. This means that all students who have successfully finished this school are allowed to enter Waseda University.


Nurabad

Nurabad or Noor Abad may refer to many Iranian settlements:























Waseda Shibuya Senior High School

Waseda Shibuya Senior High School (Japanese: 早稲田大学系属早稲田渋谷シンガポール校) is a Japanese private school in West Coast, Singapore. It is affiliated with Waseda University in Tokyo, so students graduated from here can enter Waseda University. This school accepts graduates of Japanese junior high schools from other Asian regions.


SATySFi

SATySFi (Static Analysis-based Typesetting System for Functional Implementation) is an open source computer program used for making articles, reports and mathematical formulas. Various free extensions are developed for SATySFi, and it is expected to be an alternative option for LaTeX and Beamer in the future.


Firuzabad

Firuzabad may refer to:























Can You Feel the Love Tonight

"Can You Feel the Love Tonight" is a song written by Elton John and Tim Rice for The Lion King. It won the Best Original Song Award in the 1994 Oscars.

The song was performed by Donald Glover and Beyoncé in the 2019 remake of The Lion King.

Daniel Jacoby

Daniel Jacoby (August 14, 1933 – April 2, 2020) was a French lawyer and writer. He worked in intellectual property law and human rights. In 1970, he became a member of the International Federation for Human Rights (F.I.D.H.) and was the first cousin of Justice Robert Badinter. He became president between 1986 and 1995 and then became honorary president. He was knighted and as an officer of the French Legion of Honor.

Andrea Mitchell (politician)

Andrea Ruth Mitchell (7 February 1956 – 4 April 2020) was an Australian politician. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 2008 to 2017. She represented the seat of Kingsley. She was born in Brisbane. Mitchell was a member of the Liberal Party.

Mitchell died on 4 April 2020 at the age of 64.

Arnold Heertje

Arnold Heertje (19 February 1934 – 4 April 2020) was a Dutch economist. He was an Emeritus Professor at the University of Amsterdam. Heertje was also a writer and columnist. He became known for his opposition to the Betuweroute. Heertje was born in Breda, Netherlands. 

From 1964 to 1999 he was Professor of Political Economy at the Law Faculty of the University of Amsterdam, and from 1997 to 2006 he was Professor in the History of Economic Science. Heertje was a member of the Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences, elected in 1997.

Heertje died on 4 April 2020 in Amsterdam at the age of 86.

Alexander Thynn, 7th Marquess of Bath

Alexander George Thynn, 7th Marquess of Bath (6 May 1932 – 4 April 2020), styled Viscount Weymouth between 1946 and 1992, was an English politician, artist, and author. He was list at 359th in the "Sunday Times Rich List 2009" with a wealth of £157 million. He was born in London to Henry Thynne, 6th Marquess of Bath and Daphne Fielding. From 1992 to 2020, he was the Marquess of Bath.

Thynn was hospitalized in Bath on 28 March 2020 after testing positive for COVID-19. He died of the virus on 4 April 2020 at the age of 87.

University of Louisiana at Lafayette

The University of Louisiana at Lafayette (UL Lafayette, University of Louisiana, or UL) is a public research university in Lafayette, Louisiana. It has the largest enrollment within the nine-campus University of Louisiana System. It has the second largest enrollment in Louisiana.

It was founded in 1898 as an industrial school. It offers Louisiana's only Ph.D. in francophone studies, Louisiana's only master's of informatics, and Louisiana's only industrial design degree.

The university has achieved several milestones in computer science, engineering and architecture. It is also home to a distinct College of the Arts.

São Nicolau

São Nicolau means "Saint Nicholas" in Portuguese.

It also refers to the following places:




São Nicolau, Cape Verde

São Nicolau is an island of Cape Verde. It is one of the Barlavento group. In 2015, about 12,400 people lived there. The main towns are Ribeira Brava and Tarrafal de São Nicolau.

The island was discovered in 1461 or 1462 by Diogo Afonso, together with the islands of São Vicente and Santo Antão.

São Vicente

São Vicente is Portuguese for Saint Vincent. 

It may refer to:



Bamingui-Bangoran

Bamingui-Bangoran is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital city is N'Délé.

The Bamingui-Bangoran National Park and Biosphere Reserve is in the prefecture.

Basse-Kotto

Basse-Kotto is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital city is Mobaye.

The prefecture has the least number of people in the Central African Republic.

Haute-Kotto

Haute-Kotto is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Bria. It is the largest prefecture in the Central African Republic.

Khumeh Zar

Khumeh Zar (, also Romanized as Khūmeh Zār) is a city in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.

Marvdasht

Marvdasht (, also romanized as Marv Dasht) is a city and the capital of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Kamfiruz

Kamfiruz (, also Romanized as Kāmfīrūz; also known as Kāmfīrūz-e Jonūbī, meaning "South Kamfiruz") is a city and capital of Kamfiruz District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ramjerd

Ramjerd (, formerly, Kushkak (), also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a city and capital of Dorudzan District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Seyyedan

Seyyedan (, also Romanized as Seyyedān; also known as Sa‘īdān, Saidūn, and Seydān) is a city and capital of Seyyedan District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Mohr, Fars

Mohr (, also Romanized as Mehr; also known as Mohur, Mūr, and Mohur-i-Saiyidān) is a city and capital of Mohr County, in Fars Province, Iran.

Asir, Iran

Asir (, also Romanized as Asīr; also known as Sīr) is the oldest city and capital of Asir District, in Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.

Galleh Dar

Galleh Dar (, also Romanized as Galleh Dār and Galehdār; also known as Gilehdār and Kaleh Dār) is a city and capital of Galleh Dar District, in Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.

Varavi

Varavi (, also Romanized as Varāvī, Vorāvī, Waravi, and Warāwi) is a city and capital of Varavi District, in Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.

Neyriz

Neyriz (, also Romanized as Neyrīz and Nīrīz) is the capital city of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Meshkan

Meshkan (, also romanized as Meshkān and Moshkān; also known as Mishkūn and Moshgān) is a city and capital of Poshtkuh District, in Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ray Authement

Ray Paul Authement (November 19, 1928 – April 5, 2020) was an American academic administrator. He is the longest-serving university president in the United States. From 1974 to 2008, he was the fifth president of the University of Louisiana in Lafayette. He was born near Chauvin, Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana.

On April 5, 2020, Authement died of an illness in Lafayette. He was 91.

Qatruyeh

Qatruyeh (, also Romanized as Qaţrūyeh; also known as Ghotrooyeh, Qaţrū’īyeh, Katru, and Qatru) is a city and capital of Qatruyeh District, in Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Saadat Shahr

Saadat Shahr (, pronounced sah-ah-dat-shawr, also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Shahr; also known as Sa‘ādatshahr) is a city and capital of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.

Qir

Qir (, also Romanized as Qīr) is a city and also the capital of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.

Efzar

Efzar (; formerly, Marand (Persian: مرند), also known as Marand Ābādeh) is a city and capital of Efzar District, in Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.

Karzin

Karzin (, also Romanized as Kārzīn; also known as Fathabad (Persian: فتح آباد), also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a city in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.

Masiri

Masiri (, also Romanized as Maşīrī and Masīrī) is a city and capital of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.

Korehi

Korehi (, also Romanized as Koreh’ī; also known as Chār Rāh, Katra, Katreh, Koreh, and Korreh) is a city and capital of Sarchehan District, in Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.

Sarvestan

Sarvestan ( "Sarvestân", "land of cedars"; "sarv" "cedar" (cypress) + "estan"; also Romanized as Sarvestān and Sarvistān) is a city and capital of Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ardakan, Fars

Ardakan (, also Romanized as Ārdaḵān) is a city in and the capital of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.

Hamashahr

Homashahr () is a city and capital of Homaijan District, in Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.

Lapui

Lapui (, also Romanized as Lapū’ī; formerly known as Kaleh-ye Lāpū’ī and Qal‘eh-i-Lapūi - both meaning "Fort Lapui") is a city in Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.

George Ogilvie

George Buchan Ogilvie (5 March 1931 – 5 April 2020) was an Australian theatre and mivie director and actor. He most notably directed the adventure action movie "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985) with George Miller. He also directed movies such as "The Place at the Coast" (1987) and "The Crossing" (1990). He served as a director at the Melbourne Theatre Company and the South Australian Theatre Company. He was also a freelance director for the Australian Opera and the Australian Ballet. His screen acting credits include "The Dismissal" (1983) and "The Water Diviner" (2014).

Ogilvie was born in Goulburn, New South Wales. He started acting at the Canberra Repertory Theatre.

His autobiography, "Simple Gifts – a life in the theatre", was published in 2006. He died on 5 April 2020, at a hospital in Braidwood, New South Wales of cardiac arrest. He was 89.

Zarqan

Zarqan (, also Romanized as Zarqān; also known as Zarghanak and Zargān) is a city and capital of Zarqan District, in Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Darian, Iran

Darian (, also Romanized as Dārīān; also known as Dārlyān and Dārīūn) is a city in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Bobby Mitchell

Robert Cornelius Mitchell (June 6, 1935 – April 5, 2020) was an American professional football player. He played as a halfback and flanker in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Browns (1958–1961) and the Washington Redskins (1962–1968). He was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1983. He also served as an executive for the Redskins from 1969 to 2002. He was born in Hot Springs, Arkansas.

Mitchell lived in Washington, D.C. during his later years. He died on April 5, 2020, at the age of 84.


Ab Anar, Marvdasht

Ab Anar (, also Romanized as Āb Anār and Āb-e Anār) is a village in Khafrak-e Olya Rural District, Seyyedan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Daniel Batman

Daniel Batman (20 March 1981 – 26 June 2012) was an Australian sprinter. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He was the Australian national men's 200 metres champion in 2005 and 2008. His best international achievement was a sixth place finish at the 2003 World Indoor Championships.

Batman was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He claimed to be a descendant of John Batman, the founder of Melbourne. He married fellow Australian Olympian Nova Peris in 2002. The couple had two children, and split in 2010. His third child was born in 2011.

On 26 June 2012, Batman was killed in a car crash in Marrakai, southeast of Darwin, Northern Territory. He was 31.


Jock Edwards

Graham Neil "Jock" Edwards (27 May 1955 – 6 April 2020) was a New Zealand cricketer. Between 1978 and 1981, he played played eight Test matches and six One Day Internationals for New Zealand. He also played for Central Districts. He was born in Nelson.

Edwards died on 6 April 2020, at the age of 64.


Feroze Gandhi

Feroze Gandhi or "Ghandy" Born 12 September 1912, Mumbai Died: 8 September 1960, New Delhi Full name: Feroze Jehangir Ghandy Spouse: Indira Gandhi (m. 1942–1960) Resting place: Prayagraj
Parents: Faredoon Jehangir Ghandy, Ratimai Commissariat

He was an Indian freedom fighter, politician and journalist. He published the newspapers The National Herald and The Navjivan. He served as a member of the provincial parliament between 1950 and 1952, and was later a member of the Lok Sabha, the Lower House of India's parliament. He was born in Mumbai to Indian Parsi parents and he later married Indira Gandhi.

References

Ab Anar, Shiraz

Ab Anar (, also Romanized as Āb Ānār; also known as Āb Nār) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ab Anarak

Ab Anarak (, also Romanized as Āb Ānārak; also known as Āb-e Nārow and Ābrow) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ab Anbar-e Jahad Ashayiri

Ab Anbar-e Jahad Ashayeri (, also Romanized as Āb Ānbār-e Jahād ‘Ashāyīrī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.

Ab Anjir, Darab

Ab Anjir (, also Romanized as Āb Anjīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.

Best Day Ever

"Best Day Ever" is the first part of the twentieth episode of the fourth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It first aired on television on Nickelodeon in the United States on November 10, 2006 as a part of the television marathon called "The Best Day Ever Marathon". 6.7 million people watched the episode when it was first shown on television. In the episode, SpongeBob wants to have a perfect day, but it does not go as planned. However, he solves his friends' problems without knowing it. When he finds out, he learns that he really did have the best day ever. 

SpongeBob plans a "best day ever", but things do not go out as planned. SpongeBob wants to work at the Krusty Krab, but it is closed because of a nematode infestation. He gets the nematodes away by playing his nose as a flute. Then, he wants to play karate with Sandy, but she is trying to deal with a leak in her treedome (a glass dome with a tree inside). SpongeBob thinks it is a trick, but accidentally stops the leak by using one of his karate gloves to fill in the hole of the leak. Next, he wants to catch jellyfish with Patrick. Patrick keeps breaking his nets, so he uses SpongeBob's high-tech net. Now SpongeBob does not have a net to use. 

SpongeBob plans his last part of the day to go to Squidward's clarinet recital. Squidward is seen upset because his clarinet reed broke and he can not play the clarinet. SpongeBob gets strong and pulls out one of his teeth to replace the reed so Squidward can play his clarinet. SpongeBob tries to get in the concert, but the usher will not let him in. SpongeBob makes many tries to get in the building, but each time he is not let in. SpongeBob hides in Mrs. Puff's purse, making her yell at him. The usher finds out that SpongeBob was on the VIP list, so he is let in the recital. However, he gets in right as the recital ends.

SpongeBob gets very upset and goes on the stage to talk about how his "best day ever" has gone wrong. Mr. Krabs, Sandy, Patrick, and Squidward talk to SpongeBob about how he has saved their problems and made their days better. To make SpongeBob happy, they perform the song "Best Day Ever" on the stage that lasts for hours.

Both the television marathon and the episode set a new record for Nickelodeon's most watched and highest rated television program.


John Taylor (bass guitarist)

Nigel John Taylor (born 20 June 1960) is an English musician, singer, songwriter, producer and actor. He was bass guitarist of the new wave band Duran Duran from its founding in 1978 before leaving in 1997. The group has had 14 singles in the top 10 of the UK Singles Chart and 21 in the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Duran Duran have sold over 100 million records worldwide. After he left, Taylor appeared in a number of movies such as "Sugar Town" (1999). He rejoined the band in 2001.

Taylor was born in Solihull, Warwickshire. He grew up in nearby Hollywood, Worcestershire. During the 1990s, he was married to Amanda de Cadenet. The couple have one child. He married his second wife Gela Nash in 1999. In 2013, Taylor became an American citizen, holding dual citizenship.

In April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Taylor revealed that he tested positive to COVID-19.

Ángel Manuel Olmos

Ángel Manuel Olmos (born June 17, 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is Spanish a musicologist and entrepreneur. He is the former music technology and history professor of the and is currently the professor of Musicology at the .

Olmos was born on June 17, 1974, in Madrid, Spain. He has studied Mining Engineering from Polytechnic University of Madrid and completed his bachelor degree in Musicology from the in 2000. He received a doctorate of Music History and Musicology from the Université Paris IV-Sorbonne and PhD in Musicology from the .

He is currently Professor of Musicology and is accredited as University Professor by . He has also been a professor at the University of La Rioja, Escuela Superior de Canto de Madrid, and Honorary Research Fellow for the University of Liverpool. He is the Director and General Editor of the transcription project Discantus in the National Library of Spain. He has published about fifteen books.



Robot Taekwon V

Robot Taekwon V or "Voltar The Invicible" is a 1985 South Korean American science fiction action mecha television film.

in the year, 1983. a karate championship named Billy who pilots Voltar a 50 meters tall giant robot through martial arts-abilities created by Dr. Future against an rival enemy named Dr. Karf, an madman scientist creating a killer robots to destroy the worlds from horrors of mankind.


Pirkko Mannola

Pirkko Mannola (born 27 December 1938) is a Finnish actress and singer. She has appeared in over 50 movies and television shows since 1959. Her movie credits include "Kaks' tavallista Lahtista" (1960), which was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival, and "Leikkikalugangsteri" (1969). In 1958, she won the Miss Finland beauty contest.

Mannola was born in Sääksmäki. She was married to movie director Åke Lindman from 1968 until his death in 2009. The couple had one daughter.

Aron Afshar

Aron Afshar (born June 22, 1998 in Mashhad) is an Iranian pop singer and composer.

Hajjiabad, Fars

Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājīābād) is a city and capital of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Dowbaran

Dobiran (, also Romanized as Dobīrān ; also known as Dowbarān, Dowborān, Dabīrān, Doborān, Dooban, Dowbān, and Dūborān) is a city in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Shahr-e Pir

Shahr-e Pir (, also Romanized as Shahr-e Pīr and Shahr Pīr) is a city and capital of Izadkhvast District, in Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.

Bab Anar

Bab Anar (, also Romanized as Bāb Anār and Bāb-e Anār; also known as Bābā Anār, Bābā Na‘am, Bābā Najm, and Bāba Nār) is a city in Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.

Khavaran, Fars

Khavaran (; formerly, Khaneh Kahdan (Persian: خانِگَهدان and خانه کَهدان), also Romanized as Khāneh Kāhdān, Khānegahdān, Khānehkohdān, Khāneh-ye Kahdān, Khāneh-ye Kāhvān, Khānekahdān, and Khānkahdān) is a city and capital of Khafr District, in Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.

Afif-Abad Garden

Afif-Abad Garden (), originally the Gulshan Garden (), is a museum complex in Shiraz, Iran.

Arg of Karim Khan

The Arg of Karim Khan'" ( "Arg-e Karim Khan") or ""Karim Khan Citadel" is a citadel located in downtown Shiraz, Iran.

Bishapur

Bishapur (Middle Persian: "Bay-Šāpūr"; , "Bishâpûr") was an ancient city in Sasanid Persia (Iran) on the ancient road between Persis and Elam. The road linked the Sassanid capitals Estakhr (very close to Persepolis) and Ctesiphon. It is located south of modern Faliyan in the Kazerun County of Fars Province, Iran.


Eram Garden

Eram Garden (, "Bāgh-e Eram") is a historic Persian garden in Shiraz, Iran.


Josh Harris (long snapper)

Josh Harris (born April 27, 1989) is an American football long snapper for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League. He played college football for Auburn University. He signed with the Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2012. Harris attended Carrollton High School in Carrollton, Georgia.

John Laws (judge)

Sir John Grant McKenzie Laws (10 May 1945 – 5 April 2020) was a British judge. He served as a Lord Justice of Appeal (1999–2016) and as a High Court judge (1992–1998). Laws was married to Sophie Marshall from 1973 until her death in 2017. The couple had one daughter. He was also the uncle of Dominic Cummings.

On 5 April 2020, Laws died of problems caused by COVID-19 in Chelsea, London. He had at first been in hospital for treatment of sepsis and other conditions.

Istakhr

Istakhr (Middle Persian: "Stakhr", "Estakhr") was an ancient city in Fars province, north of Persepolis in southwestern Iran.

Ghal'eh Dokhtar

Qal'eh Dokhtar or Ghale Dokhtar or Dokhtar Castle or Dezh Dokhtar (, "The Maiden Castle"), is a castle made by Ardashir I, in present-day Fars, Iran.

Ka'ba-ye Zartosht

Ka'ba-ye Zartosht (Persian: کعبه زرتشت) is the name of a stone square building with steps in the Naqsh-e Rustam compound beside Zangiabad village in Marvdasht county in Fars, Iran.


Naqsh-e Rajab

Naqsh-e Rajab (, ) is an archaeological site just west of Istakhr and about 5 km north of Persepolis in Fars Province, Iran.

Naqsh-e Rustam

Naqsh-e Rostam ( ) is an ancient necropolis located about 12 km northwest of Persepolis, in Fars Province, Iran



Meadville, Pennsylvania

Meadville is a city in and the county seat of Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 13,050.

Palace of Ardashir

The Palace of Ardashir Pāpakan (in "Qasr-eh Ardashir-eh Pāpakān"), also known as the "Atash-kadeh" آتشکده, is a castle located on the slopes of the mountain on which Dezh Dokhtar is situated. Built in AD 224 by King Ardashir I of the Sassanian Empire, it is located two kilometers (1.2 miles) north of the ancient city of "Gor", i.e. the old city of Artakhsher Khwarah/Khor Adashir/Gor Adesheer (Glory of [king] Ardasher) in Pars, in ancient Persia (Iran)


Crawford County, Pennsylvania

Crawford County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 83,938. The county seat is Meadville.

Dominic Cummings

Dominic McKenzie Cummings (born 25 November 1971) is a British political strategist. He served as Chief Adviser to Prime Minister Boris Johnson from July 2019 until 13 November 2020. He was also special adviser to Michael Gove, the Secretary of State for Education from 2010 to 2014.

From 2015 to 2016, Cummings was director of the successful Vote Leave campaign. It was an organisation against the continued British membership of the European Union. The group took an active part in the 2016 referendum campaign for Brexit.

Cummings was born in Durham. He is married to Mary Wakefield. The couple have one son. Sir John Laws, a Lord Justice of Appeal, was Cummings' uncle.

In May 2020, many people wanted Cummings to quit because he visited his parent's farm in Durham. Durham is over from his home in London. At the time, he had symptoms of COVID-19, and rules in the UK during the pandemic said people who thought they had the virus should stay at home. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said that Cummings had done nothing wrong and had a reason to go against the rules, because he needed childcare for his child. The Durham Constabulary started an investigation to see if Cummings had broken the law.

Sangtarashan cave

Sangtarashan cave (, also known as Sangshekanan cave and Sangeshkan cave) is located in the Jahrom, in southern Iran, it is the largest handmade cave in the world. It has several corridors, columns and openings.

Hamed Bahiraei

Hamed Bahiraei (born 12 July 1995) is an Iranian footballer who plays as an Attacking midfielder for Nassaji in the Iran Pro League.

List of football stadiums in Azerbaijan

This is a list of sports stadiums in Azerbaijan, ranked in descending order of capacity.


Jonathan (tortoise)

Jonathan (hatched , − years old) is a Seychelles giant tortoise ("Aldabrachelys gigantea hololissa"), a subspecies of the Aldabra giant tortoise ("Aldabrachelys gigantea"). He is the oldest known living land animal in the world at 191 years old. 

Jonathan lives on the island of Saint Helena, a British Overseas Territory in the South Atlantic Ocean. A photograph taken in 1886 featuring Jonathan exists.

Jonathan hatched around 1832 in Seychelles (at the time was a British colony). Jonathan was among three tortoises brought to Saint Helena from the Seychelles in 1882. 

He was named by Governor Spencer Davis during the 1930s. Jonathan has lived through 31 governors of the island. He lives at Plantation House, the official residence of the Governor. He is also featured on the Saint Helena five-pence coin. 



Bullet Prakash

Bullet Prakash (; 2 April 1976 – 6 April 2020) was an Indian actor and comedian. He worked in Kannada cinema. He appeared in over 325 movies. His movie credits include "Mast Maja Maadi" (2008), "Aithalakkadi" (2010), "Mallikarjuna" (2011) and "Aryan" (2014). He took part in the second season of the Kannada reality television show "Bigg Boss". He also appeared in a Tulu movie, "Soombe". He was born in Bangalore.

Prakash died from acute liver failure on 6 April 2020. He was 44.

Peter Walker (cricketer, born 1936)

Peter Michael Walker (17 February 1936 – 5 April 2020) was an English cricketer. He played for England in three Test matches against South Africa in 1960. He also played for Glamorgan. He was born in Clifton, Bristol.

Walker died of a stroke on 5 April 2020. He was 84.


Radomir Antić

Radomir Antić (; 22 November 1948 – 6 April 2020) was a Serbian football player and manager.

Antić was born in Žitište. He had a 17-year playing career as a defender from 1967 to 1984. He notably played for Partizan, Fenerbahçe, Real Zaragoza and Luton Town. He also played one game for Yugoslavia in 1973.

After retiring from playing, Antić coached a number of teams. In Spain, he coached Real Zaragoza, Real Madrid, Atlético Madrid, Real Oviedo, Barcelona and Celta Vigo. He won the double, both La Liga and the Copa del Rey, with Atlético Madrid in the 1995–96 season. He also coached the Serbian national team and Chinese sides Shandong Luneng and Hebei China Fortune.

On 6 April 2020, Antić died in Madrid of pancreatitis at the age of 71.

Partizan 

Atlético Madrid 

Social justice warrior

Social justice warrior (also known as SJW), is a pejorative term for people who support feminism or have left-wing opinions. Originally the term social justice warrior was used by people who generally supported left-wing politics and who were activists for social justice and meant it as a good thing. 

After the Gamergate controversy where Carl Benjamin and Milo Yiannopoulos accused people who didn’t think video game journalism was being used by feminists to spread political correctness of being social justice warriors, the name became a pejorative for someone who wanted video games and popular culture to be more politically correct or someone who was easily offended.

André Citroën

André-Gustave Citroën (; 5 February 1878 – 3 July 1935) was a French industrialist and freemason of Dutch and Polish Jewish origin. Citroen was the founder of the car company Citroën, and for his application of double helical gears.

Citroën was born on 5 February 1878 in the city of Paris and died from stomach cancer on 3 July 1935 in Paris, aged 57. He had graduated the École Polytechnique.

Joppa, Illinois

Joppa is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Itzehoe

Itzehoe (; ) is a town in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is the capital of the district Steinburg.

Pentti Linkola

Kaarlo Pentti Linkola (7 December 1932 – 5 April 2020) was a Finnish radical deep ecologist, ornithologist, polemicist, naturalist, writer, and fisherman. 
He wrote mainly about his ideas and in Finland was a well known free-thinker. Linkola was a fisherman from 1959 to 1995. He fished on Keitele, Päijänne and Gulf of Finland, and beginning in 1978 he fished on Vanajavesi.
Linkola blamed humans for the ongoing degradation of the environment. He promoted rapid population decline to fight the problems commonly seen in overpopulation.

M. K. Arjunan

M. K. Arjunan () (fondly called as Arjunan Master) (1 March 1936 – 6 April 2020) was an Indian Malayalam music composer. He was known for composing many melodies for Malayalam cinema. He was born in Kerala, India. Arjunan made around 800 songs for 300 plays. 

Arjunan died on 6 April 2020 at his home in Kochi, India at the age of 84.

Black the Ripper

Dean West ( – ), better known by his stage name Black the Ripper, was a British grime MC, rapper, businessman and a cannabis activist. He ran his own record label, Dank of England (formerly known as Black Magic Entertainment). It was soon made into a clothing line and marijuana accessory company.

He was also known for his viral stunts of smoking cannabis in public places in which he hoped would help legalised cannabis in the U.K.

Black the Ripper died on 6 April 2020 while staying at his 2nd home in Montserrat at age 32. His cause of death was due to a heart attack.



Ha Seung Moo

Ha Seung Moo (born born October 13, 1963; also spelled Ha Seung moo) is a Korean poet, pastor, educator and historical theologian.

Ha was born on February 5, 1964 in Sacheon, South Korea. Ha is the grandson of Sir Ha Yeon, who is the twenty-first grandson of Joseon's most notable prime minister, Yeonguijeong.

After his basic education, Ha began to read modern literature. He was motivated by a bookseller who visited the school and purchased a series of books on modern Korean literature. Thereafter, readings of Korean literature sparked his interest in writing and philosophy. In this process, Ha began to question humanity and thing-in-itself. During the high school years, Ha's spiritual journey continued. He pursued truth, the meaning of life and humanity in Buddhism, Hinduism and other major religions. In this spiritual journey, he read many western philosophical classics.

Ha was influenced by the works of Sigmund Freud, Carl Gustav Jung, Immanuel Kant and Søren Kierkegaard. Ha experienced spiritual progression recognizing the importance and meaning of human existence, and the 'despair' of Kierkegaard and the 'reason' of Kant became a less serious issue to his life and study. At the end of 12th grade, Ha had a mystical religious experience that made him confess that God is the only answer to his quest for meaning. Ha then became a Christian.

His poetry became an artistic stimulus for artists in parts of England and America.

Ha became a Presbyterian minister and a professor of historical theology at Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary. He teaches Biblical Exposition. Ha established Korea Presbyterian Church and the Korea Presbyterian Seminary, serving as Pastoral General, Christian education, Missions etc., at his own expense.

His theological thought is inherited from the original church, unlike the Roman Catholic or Reformed Church, or of the Protestant church, which offer traditional Christian interpretation. Ha presented the historical point of view of the Orthodox Church, describing how the confession of faith and the historical context coincide. Ha is a poet, and a reformist theologian. He debuted as a poet by the recommendation of fellow poet Park Jaesam and two others in "Hankyoreh Literature Magazine" in 1994.






Busan Social Information Forum

Busan Social Information Forum (abbreviation: BSIF, Korean: 부산사회정보포럼) was founded on March 1, 2003, at Busan Forum, led by Chairman Seung-Moo Ha. Following the Busan Forum, it is the second non-profit forum organization founded in the Busan area.

On April 11, 2004, we participated in a member organization of the Korea Forum Union, an association of 33 regional forums scattered throughout the country. Until 2016 National Forum Association is disbanded, it participated in the national forum of activities, thereafter, in the center of Busan, online network between experts and non-experts who are active in a variety of fields around the country to build, has been working. Through people-to-people exchanges, it provides a mutual exchange and various regional information between the hierarchy.




Lissie

Elisabeth Corrin Maurus (born November 21, 1982), better known by her stage name Lissie, is an American country musician and singer-songwriter. 

Lissie was raised in Rock Island, Illinois. 

"Why You Running" contains the single "Oh Mississippi" which was co-written by Ed Harcourt, and she met a mutual friend. "Oh Mississppi" was released on Fat Possum. Lissie has also toured with Band of Horses and Badly Drawn Boy. 

Elisabeth Corrin Maurus was born on 21 November 1982 in the United States. Lissie moved to Ojai, California, after when she left Colorado. She wanted to live closer to Los Angeles, and said "I'll live very close to L.A." She loved LA.

Jim Jonsin

James Scheffer (born June 8, 1970), better known by his stage name Jim Jonsin, is an American record producer, songwriter, businessman and DJ. He has collaborated numerous times with artists, including Akon, B.o.B, Pitbull, Rico Love, and Sean Paul.

Breakfast Club (band)

Breakfast Club were an American dance-pop band. It used to be Madonna and Randy Jackson. Their hit single "Right On Track" topped #7 on the UK Pop Chart.

The band was formed in New York City in the late 1970s. Randy Jackson and Madonna left. They recorded an album in the 1980s but it was unofficially released.

Dungeon Family

The Dungeon Family is a hip hop/R&B musical collective. The group was based in Atlanta, Georgia. It specializes in Southern hip hop with heavy funk and soul influences. The group takes its name from "The Dungeon", the name given to the studio of producer Rico Wade. The Dungeon was located in the basement of Wade's mother's house.

The collective released their first album together, titled "Even in Darkness", on November 26, 2001.



Taboo (rapper)

Jamie Luis Gomez (born July 14, 1975), better known by his stage name Taboo, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor and DJ. He is best known as a member of the hip hop music group The Black Eyed Peas.

Maejor

Brandon Michael Green (born 23 July 1988), better known by his stage name Maejor (formerly Bei Maejor and later Maejor Ali) is an American record producer, rapper, singer and songwriter. He is one half of the duo AREA21 alongside Dutch DJ Martin Garrix. Maejor has co-produced and written songs for many artists.

Jason Orange

Jason Thomas Orange (born 10 July 1970) is a retired English singer-songwriter, dancer, musician and actor. He was a member of Take That during their original run from 1990 to 1996 and again following their reunion in 2005. He left the group in 2014.

Orange was born in Crumpsall in Manchester. He attended South Trafford College for two years beginning in 2002 and studied A-level English, d an access course including psychology, biology and history though he did not progress onto higher education.

He was part of the Manchester-based breakdance crew Street Machine in the mid 1980s. They won the Manchester round of the UK Breakdancing Championship in 1985. He also appeared in the show "The Hit Man and Her" as one of the featured dancers on the show (and in a duo called Look Twice) in the late 1980s.

Orange joined the boy band Take That in September 1989 and stayed with the band until their split in February 1996. He then pursued a career in acting and appeared in the television thriller "Killer Net" in 1998, and the London stage production of "Gob" in 1999. He was the lead actor together with Tom Hayes in the play, which was written by Jim Kenworth, and directed by James Martin Charlton.

In 2005, Take That reformed as a four-piece and released a new greatest hits album, followed in 2006 by their first studio album since 1995, "Beautiful World". Orange contributed both songwriting and lead vocals on the album. In 2008, they released another studio album, "The Circus." In 2010, the album "Progress" was released by the band as a five-piece. On 24 September 2014, it was announced that Orange had left the band stating that he did not wish to continue recording music and touring.

Orange appeared in a cameo role in the Channel 4 comedy "Shameless", which aired in April 2013. He also appeared in the 1998 Lynda La Plante crime drama "Killer Net", for which his appearance was a major selling point.

Ryogo Hirota

Ryogo Hirota (1932-2015) was a Japanese mathematician and professor at Waseda University who investigated integrable nonlinear differential equations and their discrete analogues. He invented a method for solving nonlinear differential equations, which is currently known as "Hirota's direct method".

Peter Deuflhard

Peter Deuflhard (1944-2019) was a German mathematician who is recognized as an expert of numerical analysis. He is known for his books about computing solutions of differential equations and the Newton's method.

Educational video game

An educational video game is a type of video game that focuses on educating or training the player. They can be more enjoyable for the player than other methods of education. One example is Basic Math.

Steven C. Beering

Steven Claus Beering (August 20, 1932 – April 6, 2020) was a German-born American physician and academic. He most notably served as the president of Purdue University from 1983 to 2000. During his leadership, Purdue's main campus in West Lafayette, Indiana grew by more than 20 buildings. 

Beering was born in Berlin. He spent his early years in Hamburg. He moved from Germany to the United States in 1948. He died on April 6, 2020, at the age of 87.

Sports video game

A sports game is a type of video game that simulates playing sports. Most sports have been recreated as video games. Some sports games are more about sport management than playing sports. One example is FIFA 07, which simulates playing football.

Earl G. Graves Sr.

Earl Gilbert Graves Sr. (January 9, 1935 – April 6, 2020) was an American businessman, publisher and philanthropist. He was an advocate of African-American businesses. He was the founder of "Black Enterprise" magazine and chairman of the media company Earl G. Graves, Ltd. He was the director for Aetna and an Executive Board member of the Boy Scouts of America. He was the father of Earl G. Graves Jr.

Graves was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He grew up in Brooklyn's Bedford–Stuyvesant neighborhood. Graves died on April 6, 2020 due to Alzheimer's disease in White Plains, New York. He was 85.


Jack Hill (politician)

Jack Hill (July 15, 1944 – April 6, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He represented Georgia's 4th district in the Georgia State Senate from 1991 until his death. At the time of his death in 2020, he was the longest-serving Georgia State Senator.

Hill was born in Reidsville, Georgia. He died on April 6, 2020, at the age of 75.

Jean Little

Jean Little (January 2, 1932 – April 6, 2020) was a Canadian writer. Her work was mainly children's literature. Her notable works include "Mine for Keeps" (1962), "From Anna" (1972) and "Orphan at My Door" (2001). She also wrote two autobiographies, "Little by Little" and "Stars Come Out Within". Little was partially blind since birth as a result of scars on her cornea.

Little was born in Formosa, Japan (now Taiwan). On April 6, 2020, she died in Guelph, Ontario at the age of 88.

Jean-Laurent Cochet

Jean-Laurent Cochet (28 January 1935 – 7 April 2020) was a French actor and director. He is known for his roles in "A Thousand Billion Dollars" (1982) and "Fort Saganne" (1984). He was born in Romainville, Seine-Saint-Denis.

On 7 April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Cochet died on COVID-19 in Paris. He was 85.

Mishik Kazaryan

Mishik Ayrazatovich Kazaryan (; 28 February 1948 – 7 April 2020) was an Armenian-born Russian physicist. His main area was in laser physics and optics. 

He was a creator of the brightest repeatedly pulsed laser in the visible region of the spectrum. He was the winner of the USSR State Prize in the field of science and technology. He was also a member of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences. He was born in Hrazdan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union.

On 7 April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Kazaryan died in Moscow. He was 72.

Action game

An action game is a type of video game that focuses on physical challenges, such as hand–eye coordination and reaction time. Many types of video game, such as fighting games, beat 'em ups, shooters, platformers, MMOs and some real-time strategy games, are types of action game. One example of an action game is Super Mario Bros.

Sasi Kalinga

V. Chandrakumar ( – 7 April 2020), better known as Sasi Kalinga, was an Indian actor. He worked in Malayalam cinema. His acting credits include "" (2009), "Pranchiyettan & the Saint" (2010), "Indian Rupee" (2011), "Adaminte Makan Abu" (2011) and in "Amen" (2013).

Kalinga died from liver disease in Kozhikode on 7 April 2020. He was reportedly 59.

El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie

El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie (or simply El Camino) is a 2019 American neo-Western crime thriller movie. It is an epilogue to the television series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). Series creator Vince Gilligan wrote, directed and produced the movie.

Aaron Paul reappears as Jesse Pinkman. The plot follows Pinkman and the events right after the series finale. Many other actors from the series reappear in the movie, including Bryan Cranston, Jonathan Banks, Jesse Plemons, Krysten Ritter, Charles Baker, Matt Jones and Robert Forster. "El Camino" was also Forster's final movie appearance, as he died on the day of its release.

"El Camino" was released digitally on Netflix and limited theaters on October 11, 2019. It was also shown on TV channel AMC on February 16, 2020. It was given positive reviews from critics.


Strategy video game

A strategy video game is a type of video game that focuses on skillful thinking and planning to achieve victory. They are usually categorized into four types: if the game is turn-based or real-time, and whether the game focuses on strategy or tactics. One example is Age of Empires III.

Maple Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Maple, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 55 at the 2020 census.

Star of Nanchang

The Star of Nanchang (Chinese:南昌之星 or Chinese:南昌之星摩天轮) is a 525 ft (160-metre) tall giant Ferris wheel. It is in the eastern Chinese city of Nanchang, which is the capital of Jiangxi Province.

List of Black Clover episodes

Episodes:51

Episode 1:asta and yuno: join the magic knights

When a young boy named asta and his friend yuno went to the magic kingdom to become magic knights, they meet the wizard King and the wizard king informs them that they have to pass trials to become magic knights. Asta and yuno went to their respective teams, yuno went to the golden dawns and asta went to the black bulls and their journey continues.

Debi Derryberry

Debi Derryberry (born September 27, 1967) is a voice actress. She worked "Squeeze Toy Aliens" in "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2". She is known as the voice of Jimmy Neutron in "".

Derryberry also voiced characters in the Pixar films "Toy Story", "A Bug's Life", "Toy Story 2", and "Incredibles 2". 

She is the voice of Clay in the Playhouse Disney segments Derryberry's only role in anime is the voice of Candy in the "Glitter Force" series.

Craig Bartlett

Craig Bartlett (born October 18, 1956) is a voice actor.




Kayleigh McEnany

Kayleigh McEnany (born April 18, 1988) is an American spokesperson, political commentator, and writer. McEnany was the 33rd White House Press Secretary from 2020 to 2021. She was a former CNN contributor. She was made national spokesperson for the Republican National Committee in 2017.

In February 2019, she was named national press secretary for Donald Trump's 2020 presidential campaign. On April 7, 2020, she was appointed White House Press Secretary.

On October 5, 2020, McEnany tested positive for COVID-19 during the White House COVID-19 outbreak.

While ballots were still being counted on 2020 election day, McEnany made an early false statements saying that Trump won the election. After Joe Biden won the election and President Donald Trump refused to say he lost, McEnany spread false claims of fraud in the 2020 election. 

On November 20, 2020, McEnany falsely claimed Trump was not given an "orderly transition of power". McEnany's comment was stated while Trump himself was refusing to recognize his opponent Joe Biden's victory as legitimate; Trump was also actively delaying the start of a transfer of power to president-elect Biden for two weeks.

After Biden was inaugurated, she began working for Fox News.

McEnany was born on April 18, 1988, in Tampa, Florida and was raised in Tampa. She majored in international politics at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service in Washington, D.C. and she studied abroad at St Edmund Hall, Oxford. After graduating from Georgetown, McEnany spent three years as a producer on the "Mike Huckabee Show".

She later studied at University of Miami School of Law, before transferring to Harvard Law School. She completed her second and third years of law school at Harvard, and graduated from Harvard in 2016.

McEnany married Sean Gilmartin, a pitcher in Major League Baseball, in November 2017. The couple have one daughter. 

McEnany had a double mastectomy in 2018 after finding a gene making her at risk for breast cancer.



Bloomfield Hills, Michigan

Bloomfield Hills is a city in Metro Detroit's northern suburbs in Oakland County in the U.S.. It is about 20.2 miles (32.5 km) northwest of downtown Detroit. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 4,460.

Ewing, Illinois

Ewing is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Zwettl District

The Zwettl District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Ripley, Illinois

Ripley is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Hermagor District

The Hermagor District is a district in the state of Carinthia in Austria. The capital is Hermagor-Pressegger See.

Towns ("Städte") are indicated in boldface; market towns ("Marktgemeinden") in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Fred Singer

Siegfried Fred Singer (September 27, 1924 – April 6, 2020) was an Austrian-born American physicist and climate change denier. He was an emeritus professor of environmental science at the University of Virginia. 

Singer trained as an atmospheric physicist and was known for his criticism of scientific evidence between UV-B and melanoma rates the health risks of smoking, and for supporting climate change denial. 

He was the author or editor of many books including "Global Effects of Environmental Pollution" (1970), "The Ocean in Human Affairs" (1989), "Global Climate Change" (1989), "The Greenhouse Debate Continued" (1992), and "Hot Talk, Cold Science" (1997). 

He also co-authored "" (2007) with Dennis Avery, and "Climate Change Reconsidered" (2009) with Craig Idso.

Singer died on April 6, 2020 at a nursing home in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 95.

Klagenfurt-Land District

The Klagenfurt-Land District (German: "Bezirk Klagenfurt-Land", Southern Austro-Bavarian: "Beziak Klognfuat-Laund") is a district in the state of 
Carinthia in Austria. The capital is Klagenfurt.

Towns ("Städte") are indicated in boldface; market towns ("Marktgemeinden") in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in . The point represents the administrative seat, Klagenfurt, but this statutory city doesn't belong to the district.

Neusiedl am See District

The Neusiedl am See District (; ; ) is a district in the state of 
Burgenland in Austria.

Towns ("Städte") are indicated in boldface; market towns ("Marktgemeinden") in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .
Where appropriate, the Croatian names are given in parentheses.

Timothy Brown (actor)

Thomas Allen Brown (May 24, 1937 – April 4, 2020), known also as Timothy Brown and Timmy Brown, was an American singer, professional American football player, and actor. He was born in Richmond, Indiana. He played Capt. Spearchucker Jones in "M*A*S*H". As a football player, he played for the Green Bay Packers, Philadelphia Eagles, and Baltimore Colts. 

Brown died on April 4, 2020 in Palm Springs, California of dementia-related problems at the age of 82.

Wayne County, Indiana

Wayne County is a county located in east central Indiana, United States on the border with Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 66,553. The county seat is Richmond.

Brighton, Michigan

Brighton is a suburb in Metro Detroit in the southeast portion of Livingston County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 7,446.

Brighton 2 middle schools-Scranton and Maltby. It also has a high school, and a number of elementary schools.

Livingston County, Michigan

Livingston County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 193,866. It is part of the Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The county seat and most populous city is Howell. 

Howell, Michigan

Howell is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the largest city and county seat of Livingston County. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,068.

Marion, Pennsylvania

Marion is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census the population was 851.

Districts of Austria

In Austria, a district is a second-level division of the country's government. The first-level division are States of Austria.

District offices are the main point of contact for things like: marriage licenses, driver licenses, passports, assembly permits, hunting permits, or dealings with public health officers.

As of 2017, there are 94 districts. Of these 79 are districts headed by district commissions and 15 are statutory cities. Statutory cities are not usually referred to as "districts" outside government publications and the legal literature. A district headed by a district commission typically covers somewhere between ten and thirty municipalities.

Rust, Burgenland

Rust is a city in Burgenland, Austria. It is on the western shore of Lake Neusiedl near the border with Hungary.

The city is famous for its wines, especially for Beerenauslese, ice wine and - especially - "Ruster Ausbruch".

Eisenstadt-Umgebung

Eisenstadt-Umgebung is an administrative district in the state of Burgenland, Austria. The administrative center of the district is Eisenstadt.

The district has these municipalities and towns:

Güssing District

Güssing is a district in Burgenland, Austria. The administrative center of the district is Güssing.

It was part of Hungary until 1921.

The district has these municipalities and towns:

Jennersdorf District

Jennersdorf is a district of Burgenland, Austria. The administrative center is also named Jennersdorf.

Towns are in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .

Mattersburg District

Mattersburg is a district in Burgenland,Austria. The administrative center is also named Mattersburg.

Towns are in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Where appropriate, the Croatian names are given in parentheses.

Oberpullendorf District

Oberpullendorf is a district in Burgenland, Austria. The administrative center is also named Oberpullendorf.

Towns are in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Where appropriate, the Hungarian or Croatian names are given in parentheses.

Oberwart District

Oberwart is a district in Burgenland, Austria. The administrative center is also named Oberwart.

Towns are in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Where appropriate, the Burgenland Croatian and Hungarian names are given in parentheses.

Sankt Veit an der Glan District

The District of Sankt Veit an der Glan is an administrative district in Carinthia, Austria. The administrative center is also named Sankt Veit an der Glan.

The district is divided into 20 municipalities, of which 4 are towns and 9 are market towns.



Jim Bailey (athlete)

James John Bailey (21 July 1929 – 31 March 2020) was an Australian middle-distance runner. He reached the semifinals of the 800 metres event at the 1956 Summer Olympics. While running for the University of Oregon under Bill Bowerman, he was the 1955 NCAA Champion in the mile. He was born in Sydney and grew up in Parkes, New South Wales.

Bailey lived in Bellingham, Washington, United States. He died in hospice care on 31 March 2020 at the age of 90.


Rex Patrick

Rex Lyall Patrick (born 8 May 1967) is an Australian politician. He has served as a Senator for South Australia since 2017. He is a member of the Centre Alliance. He was born in Whakatane, New Zealand and moved to South Australia as a child. Patrick served in the Royal Australian Navy from 1983 to 1994.

In March 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Patrick tested positive to COVID-19.

Hugh Anderson (motorcyclist)

Hugh Robertson Anderson (born 18 January 1936) is a former New Zealand motorcyclist. He is a four-time Grand Prix motorcycle road racing World Champion and a 19-time New Zealand national champion. He is also a two-time Isle of Man TT winner. In 1995, he was added into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame.

Anderson was born in Auckland. He spent his early years in Huntly.

Consonant mutation

Consonant mutation is a feature in languages when the sound of a consonant changes depending on morphology and syntax.

In English, the plural morpheme "-(e)s" and the singular third-person present tense morpheme "-(e)s" all have different pronunciations depending on which depending on which type of phoneme, or unique sound, comes before it. These variations of the plural morpheme are called allomorphs.


In English, the past tense morpheme "-(e)d" also has different pronunciations depending on which depending on which type of phoneme comes before it.


Broadly Applicable Tracking System

The Broadly Applicable Tracking System, also called BATS, is a very small, lightweight tool shaped like a backpack. Scientists glue the BATS onto the back of a bat or other small animal and then use GPS and wireless internet to see where the animal goes.

The scientists who invented BATS say it is different from other systems because it is lighter, uses less power and can track animals even inside caves or hollow trees.

BATS can be made with a 3D printer, and it is so light that it does not slow down small bats when they fly. It also falls off after about fourteen days. Scientists can collect fallen BATS to reuse the parts.

Scientists used BATS to show that vampire bats can make social bonds when being kept by humans that they remember after being released.

Scientists named the tool "broadly applicable tracking system" because they believe it can be used in a broad range of animals: bats, rodents, amphibians and reptiles. "Broadly applicable" means "can be used in many ways." As of April 2020, BATS has only been used on bats.

The team that invented BATS includes scientists from the Museum of Natural History in Berlin and universities in Germany and Ohio State University.

Allen Garfield

Allen Garfield (born Allen Goorwitz; November 22, 1939 – April 7, 2020) was an American actor. He appeared in over 100 movies and television shows. His movie credits include "The Conversation" (1974), "Nashville" (1975), "The Stunt Man" (1980), "Beverly Hills Cop II" (1987) and "The Ninth Gate" (1999).

Garfield was born in Newark, New Jersey, to a Jewish family. He survived at least two strokes, in 1999 and again in 2004.

On April 7, 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Garfield died of COVID-19 in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California. He was 80.

Richard Rush (director)

Richard Rush (April 15, 1929 – April 8, 2021) was an American movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was best known for his Academy Award-nominated movie "The Stunt Man" (1980). He also directed the erotic mystery thriller "Color of Night" (1994), which flopped at the box office. The movie won a Golden Raspberry Award as the worst movie of 1994. "Maxim" magazine has singled out the movie as having the best sex scene in movie history. His other movies include "Too Soon to Love" (1960), "Hells Angels on Wheels" (1967), "Psych-Out" (1968), "Freebie and the Bean" (1974) and "Air America" (1990).

Rush was born in New York City. He died on April 8, 2021 in Los Angeles, aged 91.

Robert Fuller (actor)

Robert Fuller (born Leonard Leroy "Buddy" Lee, July 29, 1933) is an American horse rancher and retired actor. His best known roles were in "The Brain from Planet Arous"; "Teenage Thunder" (both in 1957); "Return of the Seven" (1966); "Incident at Phantom Hill" (also 1966); and "The Hard Ride" (1971).

He also played Jess Harper and Cooper Smith on the popular 1960s Western series "Laramie" and "Wagon Train," and was also well known for his starring role as Dr. Kelly Brackett in the 1970s medical /action drama "Emergency!"

Omar Quintana

Omar Quintana Baquerizo (March 22, 1944 – April 3, 2020) was an Ecuadorian politician and sports businessman. Quintana was born in Quito. He was a member of the Ecuadorian Roldosist Party (PRE) and Institutional Renewal Party of National Action (PRIAN) political parties.

Quintana was in the former National Congress of Ecuador from 2003 to 2005, including as the President of the National Congress from January 5, 2005, until April 20, 2005. Quinata was the former director of C.S. Emelec, a professional football sports club based in Guayaquil.

Quintana died on April 3, 2020 in Guayaquil of COVID-19 at the age of 76.

Hal Willner

Hal Willner (April 5, 1956 – April 6, 2020) was an American music producer. His works focused on movies, TV and live events. He was best known for creating tribute albums and events featuring a wide variety of artists and musical styles. His first tribute album was "Amarcord Nino Rota" in 1981.

In the late 1970s he worked under record producer Joel Dorn. He was an Associate Producer on Leon Redbone's albums "Double Time" and "Champagne Charlie", and The Neville Brothers' "Fiyo on the Bayou". Willner was the sketch music producer of "Saturday Night Live", beginning in 1981.

He was also a producer of the TV program "Sunday Night" hosted by David Sanborn.

Willner died from problems of COVID-19 on April 6, 2020, at age 64.


Yaakov Perlow

Yaakov Perlow (, 1931 – April 7, 2020) was an American Hasidic rabbi and rosh yeshiva, and Rebbe of the Novominsker Hasidic dynasty. From 1998 until his death, he was president of Agudath Israel of America. He was also in charge of that organization's Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah (Council of Torah Sages). He was one of the most respected leaders of the American Orthodox Jewish community. Perlow was born in Brooklyn.

Perlow died on April 7, 2020 of COVID-19 in Brooklyn at the age of 89.

Andy Cohen

Andrew Joseph Cohen (born June 2, 1968) is an American talk show host, producer and writer. He is the host and executive producer of Bravo's late night talk show, "Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen". He also hosted the dating game show "Love Connection".

Cohen was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He is Jewish. He is openly gay. He has a son. In March 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Cohen tested positive to COVID-19.

Debi Mazar

Deborah Anne Mazar Corcos (born August 13, 1964) is an American actress. She is known for playing sharp-tongued women. Her movie credits include in "Goodfellas" (1990), "Little Man Tate" (1991), "Singles" (1992), "Beethoven's 2nd" (1993), and "Lovelace" (2013). Her TV appearances include "Civil Wars", "L.A. Law", "Entourage" and "Younger". Since 2014, she has had a starring role in the Cooking Channel series "Extra Virgin" with her husband Gabriele Corcos.

Mazar was born in Jamaica, Queens, New York City. Her father was born in the Latvian SSR, Soviet Union, to a Jewish family, but raised Roman Catholic. During the 1990s, she dated actor Paul Reubens. She married Italian chef Gabriele Corcos in 2002. The couple have two daughters.

In March 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Mazar tested positive to COVID-19.

Gifford, Florida

Gifford is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Indian River County, Florida, United States. As of the 2020 census, the settlement had a population of 5,511.

Slim Thug

Stayve Jerome Thomas (born September 8, 1980), better known by his stage name Slim Thug, is an American rapper. He was born in Houston, Texas. He first became known as a feature artist on the hit single "Still Tippin'" by rapper Mike Jones. He was also a feature artist on Gwen Stefani's "Luxurious" and the US "Billboard" Hot 100 number one single "Check on It" by Beyoncé. As of 2020, he has released 12 studio albums.

In March 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Slim Thug tested positive to COVID-19.


MTV Video Music Awards

Bangalistan

Bangalistan () is the name of a proposed separate land or state for the Bengalis in India and it is also a self-sufficient socio-economic zone promoted by the supporters of the political party 'Amra Bangali'. It is a social movement, based on the socio-economic and political theory "Progressive Utilization Theory" (PROUT) given by Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar. Bengal or Bangalistan was divided several times in the past. The Nellie Massacre, Mandai Massacre, etc. are the examples of criminal activities done against the Bengalis in India. The Bengalis or the followers of Bangalistan movement protested the National Register of Citizens for Assam. The main demand of the movement is to reorganize Bangalistan to save the Bengalis from oppression and exploitation. The areas of Bangalistan in India are: the whole of West Bengal, Andaman and Nicobar Islands,Tripura and some parts of Bihar, Jharkhand and Assam, etc. The Bengalis want to reorganize Bangalistan as per the Article 3(a) of Part 1 of the Constitution of India.

The demands of Bangalistan movement are : 


Andrew O'Keefe

Andrew Patrick O'Keefe (born 1 October 1971) is a former Australian television presenter and former lawyer. He works for the Seven Network. He is known as the host of game show "Deal or No Deal" (2003–2013). From 2015 to 2021, he hosted "The Chase", based on the British program of the same name. He was also the co-host of "Weekend Sunrise" alongside Monique Wright between 2006 and 2017.

O'Keefe was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married to Eleanor until their divorce in 2019. The couple have three children.

Barbara Smoker

Barbara Smoker (2 June 1923 – 7 April 2020) was a British Humanist activist. She was also President of the National Secular Society from 1972 to 1996, Chair of the British Voluntary Euthanasia Society (now known as Dignity in Dying) from 1981 to 1985 and an Honorary Vice President of the Gay and Lesbian Humanist Association in the United Kingdom. Smoker was born in London.

Smoker died at a hospital in London on 7 April 2020, aged 96, after a long-illness.

Jazze Pha

Phalon Anton Alexander (born April 15, 1974), professionally known as Jazze Pha (pronounced "JAZ-ee-phay") is an American record producer, singer, songwriter and rapper. He is based in the south and has worked with rappers Nelly, Ludacris, Trick Daddy, T.I., and David Banner, among others. Pha is credited for bringing R&B singer-songwriter Ciara national attention with her solo album "Goodies". He is best known for working with Cee Lo Green.

Pha is also jointly signed a production deal with Cash Money Records. His career began in 1988 and ended in 1990. It restarted in 1995. 

He is the founder and chief executive officer of Sho'nuff Records. He signed Ciara to the label.

Donald May

Donald Adam May (February 22, 1927 – January 28, 2022) was an American actor. His TV roles include Sam Colt Jr. in the Western series "Colt .45" (1957–1960) and Adam Drake in the soap opera "The Edge of Night" (1967–1977). His movie credits include "The Crowded Sky" (1960), "Kisses for My President" (1964) and "Follow Me, Boys!" (1966).

May's other TV acting credits include "The West Point Story", "Sugarfoot", "Cheyenne", "77 Sunset Strip", "Hawaiian Eye", "Surfside 6", "The Roaring 20's", "Men into Space", "Barnaby Jones", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Dallas", "Texas", "Falcon Crest", "Fantasy Island", "One Life to Live", "All My Children" and "L.A. Law".

May was born in Chicago, Illinois. He had two children with his first wife. He later married actress Carla Borelli. May died on January 28, 2022 in Upstate New York, at the age of 94.

Mobb Deep

Mobb Deep was an American hardcore hip hop duo formed in 1991. Its members were rappers Havoc and Prodigy. Their best-known albums are "The Infamous" (1995), "Hell on Earth" (1996) and "Murda Muzik" (1999), and their best-known singles are "Shook Ones (Part II)" and "Survival of the Fittest." They were known for their dark and hardcore delivery.

The duo ended when Prodigy died in June 2017 at age 42.

Ginuwine

Elgin Baylor Lumpkin (born October 15, 1970), better known by his stage name Ginuwine, is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He rose to fame as a member of Swing Mob in the early 1990s. In the mid-1990s, he signed to Epic Records. Ginuwine has released a number of multi-platinum and platinum-selling albums and singles, becoming one of R&B's top artists during the late 1990s and early 2000s. 

Ginuwine received the Urban Music Icon Award at 2021 Black Music Honors.

Graham Coxon

Graham Leslie Coxon (born 12 March 1969 in West Germany) is a British musician and artist. He is best known as the actor/painter/singer-songwriter in the English band Blur. He contributed to the bands first six albums, including their famous 1994 album "Parklife". Considered by the band members to be one of the singer-songwriters of rock music, his highly individual style is best showcased on songs such as Beetlebum (from Blur's 1997 album "Blur") and Coffee, TV (from Blur's 13 extended play). He kept giggleing in the band in 2002.

Blur had already released at least three solo albums while Coxon was a member of the band. 

Dave Rowntree

David Alexander De Horne Rowntree (born 8 May 1964) is an English drummer. He is also the animator/solicitor/political activist/DJ in the band Blur. He owns his own company called Nanomation and is also a qualified pilot.

Michelle O'Neill

Michelle O'Neill ("née" Doris; born 10 January 1977) is an Irish politician. O'Neill is the First Minister of Northern Ireland since 2024. She was the deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland from 2020 until 2022. She has served as vice president of Sinn Féin since 2018 and has been the member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Mid Ulster since 2007.

O'Neill was born in Fermoy, County Cork, in the Republic of Ireland. Her family are Irish republicans from Clonoe, County Tyrone. She has two children with Paddy O'Neill. The couple separated in 2014.

Sinn Féin became the largest party after the 2022 assembly election, putting O'Neill in line for the position of First Minister of Northern Ireland.


Numerical linear algebra

In the field of numerical analysis, numerical linear algebra is an area to study methods to solve problems in linear algebra by numerical computation. The following problems will be considered in this area:

Numerical errors can occur in any kind of numerical computation including the area of numerical linear algebra. Errors in numerical linear algebra are considered in another area called "validated numerics".

Methods for numerical linear algebra has been created by numerical analysts from many generations. But today, some of them have been rejected due to their computation speed or accuracy. Currently, the following methods are widely investigated:

In the field of numerical linear algebra, numerical methods based on the theory of Krylov subspaces are known as Krylov subspaces methods. They are considered to be one of the most successful studies in numerical linear algebra. The next list is the examples of them:
The conjugate gradient (CG) method is one of the best linear equation solving method. It was originally limited to specific linear systems. In order to overcome this difficulty, many kinds of CG variants have benn created:
While high accuracy and high speed methods in above have been cretaed, some experts have studied how to evaluate numerical errors in numerical linear algebra. The following are their results:
Today, there are many tools for numerical linear algebra. One of the most famous one is MATLAB (matrix laboratory). This was made by MathWorks.



Spittal an der Drau District

Bezirk Spittal an der Drau is an administrative district in Carinthia, Austria. The administrative centre is also named Spittal an der Drau.

The highest point is the peak of the Grossglockner, Austria's highest mountain at . The district also includes Millstätter See and Weissensee, two of the major Carinthian lakes.

The district is divided into 33 municipalities, three of them are towns and nine of them are market towns.




Villach-Land

Villach-Land is a district in Carinthia, Austria. The administrative center is Villach.

Towns are in boldface; market towns in "italics"; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .

Völkermarkt District

Völkermarkt District is an administrative district in Carinthia, Austria. The administrative center is also named Völkermarkt.

Völkermarkt is divided into 13 municipalities, of which 2 are towns and 3 market towns.




Waidhofen an der Ybbs

Waidhofen an der Ybbs is an independent city in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. About 11,600 people lived there in 2001.

Korneuburg District

Korneuburg is an administrative district in Lower Austria. The administrative center is also named Korneuburg.


Krems-Land

Bezirk Krems-Land is a district of the state of Lower Austria. The administrative center is Krems an der Donau.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Neunkirchen District, Austria

Bezirk Neunkirchen is a district in Lower Austria, Austria. It is in the south of the state.


Tulln District

Tulln is a district in Lower Austria, Austria. The administrative center is also named Tulln.

Suburbs, hamlets, and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .

Hallein District

Hallein is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria. It is congruent with the Tennengau region.
The administrative center of the district is Hallein.

The district is divided into 13 municipalities, one of them is a town, and four of them are market towns.




Helène Aylon

Helène Aylon (born Helene Greenfield; February 4, 1931 – April 6, 2020) was an American multimedia and ecofeminist artist. She was born in New York City. Her works were divided into three phases: process art (1970s), anti-nuclear art (1980s), and "The G-d Project" (1990s and early 2000s). She also created a feminist commentary on the Hebrew Bible.

In 2012 Aylon published "Whatever Is Contained Must Be Released: My Jewish Orthodox Girlhood, My Life as a Feminist Artist".

Aylon died on April 6, 2020 of COVID-19 at the age of 89.

Henry Graff

Henry Franklin Graff (August 11, 1921 – April 7, 2020) was an American historian. He was on the faculty of Columbia University from 1946 to 1991. He was Chairman of the History Department there.

Graff's works focused in the history of the Presidency of the United States and of American foreign relations. He was known for his "Seminar on the Presidency", which was one of Columbia’s most popular courses. It was attended by President Harry Truman in 1959 and President Gerald Ford in 1989. Graff was Chairman of the Pulitzer Prize jury in American history.

In 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson made Graff in charge of the National Historical Publications Commission and in 1993 President Bill Clinton hired Graff to lead the President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Review Board.

Graff died on April 7, 2020 in Greenwich, Connecticut at the age of 98. The cause of death was COVID-19.

Prime Minister of Moldova

The prime minister of Moldova is Moldova's head of government. The prime minister is formally appointed by the president and holds executive power along with the cabinet. They need to parliamentary support.



Maia Sandu

Maia Grigoryevna Sandu (born 24 May 1972) is a Moldovan politician. Sandu is the President of Moldova since 24 December 2020. She is the leader of the Party of Action and Solidarity (PAS). She was the Prime Minister of Moldova from 8 June 2019 until 14 November 2019.

Sandu was born on 24 May 1972 in the commune of Risipeni, located in the Fălești District in the Moldavian SSR. From 1989 to 1994, she majored in management at the Academy of Economic Studies of Moldavia/Moldova (ASEM). 

In 2010, she graduated from Harvard University. From 2010 to 2012, Sandu worked as an Adviser to the Executive Director at the World Bank in Washington, D.C..

In June 2019, she became Prime Minister of Moldova. Five months later, on 12 November 2019, Sandu's government fell after the vote of the censure motion. She defeated incumbent president Igor Dodon in the 2020 presidential election. Sandu is the country's first female president. During her presidency, she has been seen as a strong ally of the European Union and Ukraine during the Russian invasion of the country.

Sandu has made anti-corruption, economic reform and liberalisation a main part of her political platform.

In February 2023, she accused Russia of trying to create a coup of the Moldovan government.


Ion Chicu

Ion Chicu (born 28 February 1972) is a Moldovan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Moldova from 14 November 2019 until 31 December 2020. He became Prime Minister after Maia Sandu was forced out of office in a motion of no confidence by the Parliament of Moldova.

Chicu resigned as Prime Minister in 23 December 2020 because of the protests in Moldova demanding early parliamentary elections.

Valeriu Muravschi

Valeriu Muravschi (31 July 1949 – 8 April 2020) was a Moldovan politician and businessman. He was the first Prime Minister of Moldova between 28 May 1991 and 1 July 1992. He also was Minister of Finance from 1990 to 1991. From 1998 to 2001, he was a member of Parliament.

Muravschi died on 8 April 2020 in Chișinău at the age of 70.

President of Moldova

The president of the Republic of Moldova () is the head of state of Moldova. The current president of Moldova is Maia Sandu since 24 December 2020.






Mircea Snegur

Mircea Ion Snegur (; 17 January 1940 – 13 September 2023) is a Moldovan politician. He was the first President of Moldova from 1990 to 1997. Before that, he was Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1989 to 1990 and Chairman of the Supreme Soviet from 27 April to 3 September 1990.

Snegur died of cancer on 13 September 2023 in Chișinău, Moldova at the age of 83.

Petru Lucinschi

Petru Lucinschi (; born 27 January 1940) is a Moldovan politician. He was Moldova's second President from 1997 to 2001.

Vladimir Voronin

Vladimir Voronin (; born May 25, 1941) is a Moldovan politician. He was the third President of Moldova from 2001 until 2009 and has been the First Secretary of the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova (PCRM) since 1994. 

He was Europe's first democratically elected communist party head of state after the end of the Eastern Bloc.

Nicolae Timofti

Nicolae Timofti (; born 22 December 1948) is a Moldovan jurist and politician. He was President of Moldova from 23 March 2012 until 23 December 2016. He was head of Moldova's Supreme Magistrate Council and was elected President by parliament on 16 March 2012.

Mihai Ghimpu

Mihai Ghimpu (born 19 November 1951) is a Moldovan politician. He was Speaker of Parliament and Acting President of Moldova from 2009 to 2010. He was member of Parliament of Moldova from 1990 to 1998 and from 2009 to 2019. 

Ghimpu was the leader of the Liberal Party from 1998 to 2018.

Vlad Filat

Vladimir Filat (born 6 May 1969), commonly referred to as Vlad Filat (), is a Moldovan businessman and politician. He was the founder of Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova. He was the Prime Minister of Moldova from 25 September 2009 to 25 April 2013. He also was appointed as the Interim President of Moldova in 2010.

Filat was released from jail in December 2019, 6 years earlier than his initial sentence.

Salzburg-Umgebung District

Salzburg-Umgebung is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria. It is congruent with the Flachgau region. The administrative center of the district is Seekirchen am Wallersee.

The district is divided into 37 municipalities, three of them are towns, and six of them are market towns.




St. Johann im Pongau District

Sankt Johann im Pongau is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria. It is congruent with the Pongau region.
The administrative center of the district is Sankt Johann im Pongau.

The district is divided into 25 municipalities, three of them are towns, and seven of them are market towns.




Tamsweg District

Tamsweg is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria. It is congruent with the Lungau region. The administrative centre of the district is Tamsweg.

The district is divided into 15 municipalities, 3 of them are market towns.



Zell am See District

Zell am See is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria. It is congruent with the Pinzgau region. The administrative center of the district is Zell am See. 

The district is divided into 28 municipalities, three of them are towns, and four of them are market towns.





Marian Lupu

Marian Lupu (; born 20 June 1966) is a Moldovan politician. He was the President of the Parliament of Moldova between 2010 and 2013. From this position he was Acting President of the Republic from 2010 until 2012.

Deutschlandsberg District

Deutschlandsberg is a district in Styria, Austria. 

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Nigerian Pidgin

Nigerian Pidgin or West African Pidgin is a pidgin language spoken in Nigeria. It is based on English. It has few first language speakers, but is used as a lingua franca by many Nigerians. 

Somewhat unusually for a pidgin language, it has got a written version.

Nigerian Pidgin is mostly used in informal conversations. It has no status as an official language. Nigerian Standard English is used in politics, the internet and some television programs.

Graz-Umgebung

Graz-Umgebung is a district in Styria, Austria. Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Leibnitz District

Leibnitz is a district in Styria, Austria. Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Parliament of Moldova

The Parliament of the Republic of Moldova is the representative body of the Republic of Moldova, the only state legislative authority, being a unicameral. It is made up of 101 elected deputies on lists, for a period of 4 years. Parliament is elected by universal vote.


Igor Dodon

Igor Dodon (; born 18 February 1975) is a Moldovan politician. He was wthe President of Moldova from 23 December 2016 to 24 December 2020. He was the leader of the Party of Socialists of the Republic of Moldova. 

He was Minister of Trade and Economics in the governments of Vasile Tarlev and Zinaida Greceanîi from September 2006 to September 2009 and was a member of the Parliament of Moldova from 2009 to 2016.

He lost his re-election bid to former Prime Minister Maia Sandu on 15 November 2020.

Liezen District

Liezen is a district in Styria, Austria. 
It is by far the largest district in Austria, about three times the size of other large districts. It is divided into two "subdistricts": 
Bereich Liezen, and Expositur Gröbming. 

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Bereich Liezen:

Expositur Gröbming:

Montblanc, Tarragona

Montblanc is a town in Catalonia, which is a nation inside Spain. It's the capital of its "comarca" (an administrative division), called Conca de Barberà.

Glenn Fredly

Glenn Fredly Deviano Latuihamallo (30 September 1975 – 8 April 2020), known professionally as Glenn Fredly, was an Indonesian R&B singer-songwriter, record producer and guitarist. He released more than 10 albums. He produced "". In 2013, he served as a coach for "The Voice Indonesia". He was born in Jakarta. 

In 1995, he won the Cipta Pesona Bintang singing contest. In 1996, he was a finalist in the Asia Song Festival. In 2014, he produced the movie "". 

Fredly died on 8 April 2020 at the age of 44 in Jakarta of meningitis. 

Murau District

Bezirk Murau is a district in Styria, Austria.

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Dena Dietrich

Dena Dietrich (December 4, 1928 – November 21, 2020) is an American actress. She was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

She is known for playing Grace Peterson in "Adam's Rib", Dena Madison in "Karen", Estelle Milner in "Paul Sand in Friends and Lovers", Molly Gibbons in "The Practice" Ethel Armbrewster in "The Ropers", and Pearl Newman in "13 East". 

Dietrich also starred in "The Wild Party" (1975), Disney's "The North Avenue Irregulars" (1979) and the Mel Brooks movie "History of the World, Part I" (1981). She appeared on Broadway in "The Rimers of Eldritch", "Here's Where I Belong", and "The Prisoner of Second Avenue". Dietrich was the voice of the grandmother narrator on the dark ride attraction Horizons at Epcot in Walt Disney World from 1983 until 1999.

Dietrich died of natural causes on November 21, 2020, at a health-care facility in Los Angeles. She was 91 years old.

Montblanc

Montblanc may refer to:


Voitsberg District

Bezirk Voitsberg is a district in Styria, Austria.

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Irene Hirano

Irene Hirano Inouye ("née" Yasutake; October 7, 1948 – April 7, 2020) was an American business executive. She was a "sansei", or a third-generation Japanese-American and also a sensei. She was the founding president of the U.S.-Japan Council from 2009 until her death in 2020. She also served as president and founding chief executive officer of the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles, California from 1988 to 2008.

Hirano was born in Los Angeles. She married Hawaii Senator Daniel Inouye in 2008. The couple were together until Inouye's death in 2012. Hirano died of leiomyosarcoma on April 7, 2020, in Los Angeles. She was 71.

Weiz District

Bezirk Weiz is a district in Styria, Austria. Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Murtal District

Murtal is a district in Styria, Austria. It was formed on January 1, 2012 through a merger of the former Judenburg District and Knittelfeld District.

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Bruck-Mürzzuschlag District

Bruck-Mürzzuschlag is a district in Styria, Austria. It came into effect on January 1, 2013. This was by merging the districts of Bruck an der Mur and Mürzzuschlag. It has the following 19 municipalities:

Hartberg-Fürstenfeld District

Hartberg-Fürstenfeld is a district in Styria, Austria. It came into effect on January 1, 2013. This was by merging the districts of Hartberg and Fürstenfeld.

Since 2015, it has the following municipalities:

Südoststeiermark District

Südoststeiermark is a district in Styria, Austria. It was formed on January 1, 2013. This was through a merger of the former Radkersburg District and Feldbach District. 

Since 2015, the district has the following 26 municipalities:

Awajichō Station

Awajicho Station is served by the Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line, and is 7.2 km from northern end of the line at . The station is numbered as "M-19".

The station gives underground passenger connections to Ogawamachi Station on the Toei Shinjuku Line and Shin-Ochanomizu Station on the Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line.

This station has two side platforms that is on the basement ("B1F") level. It has two tracks. Platform 1 is accessed from entrances A1 to A3, and platform 2 can be accessed from entrances A4 to A5. Access for passengers between the two platforms is also provided from an underpass at the south end of the station.

This station opened on 20 March 1956.

In 2014, the station was used by around 55,155 people everyday.





The Experts (1989 movie)

The Experts is a 1989 American Cold War comedy movie starring John Travolta, Arye Gross and Kelly Preston. It was written by Steven Greene, Eric Alter, and Nick Thiel and directed by Dave Thomas. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Two American nightclub owners from New York City, Travis (John Travolta) and Wendell (Arye Gross) are drugged and kidnapped while on their way to opening a nightclub in rural Nebraska. The KGB spy Cameron Smith (Charles Martin Smith) takes them to the Soviet Union, as "experts" on the "American lifestyle" with the intention of teaching KGB spies to be like Americans. And under the influence of drugs they think they have arrived in "Nebraska" to open the nightclub. Travis and Wendell are brought to the phony town of "Indian Springs", which is populated by Russians who speak perfect American English and act like Americans. KGB spies go there to study "American people" and "American culture", but is stuck in the 1950s. The KGB spy Smith is in charge of the "typical American town" built for espionage-training purposes and hopes that his fellow spies will learn real American culture. But things get out of control when Travis and Wendell introduce their fellow "American" neighbors current pop culture, turn a bar into a rock music club and teach the townsfolk to dance. Both also flirt with local women. 
Travis and Wendell increasingly become suspicious, but when they get lost in a forest and stumble upon a military base where everyone is speaking Russian, they realize that they are actually in the Soviet Union. Things also get dangerous when the townsfolk taste freedom, and the KGB decides to stop the experiment and kill the American "guests", who have to find ways to flee the country.


"The Experts" did very badly at the box office (it was a massive "box office bomb"); its budget was estimated at $3 million and the box office was only $169,203. The film was also badly criticized by the film critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a positive rating of only 26% from the audience.


Marc Chardonnens

Marc Chardonnens (1960 – 6 April 2020) was a Swiss government official. He worked at the Federal Office for Environmental Protection from 1987 to 2004, then at the Federal Office for the Environment, Forests and Landscape. In 2004, he was appointed as head of the environmental department of the Canton of Fribourg. He chaired the conférence des chefs des services de la protection de l'environnement from 2011 to 2015. 

On 27 January 2016, the Federal Council elected him Director of the Federal Office for the Environment. He took office on 11 April 2016, and resigned in late January 2020. 

Chardonnens died on 6 April 2020.

Stanislav Libenský and Jaroslava Brychtová

Stanislav Libenský (March 27, 1921 – February 24, 2002) and Jaroslava Brychtová (July 18, 1924 – April 8, 2020) were contemporary artists. Their works are included in many major modern art collections. Their works could be seen at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Victoria & Albert Museum. Jaroslava Brychtová, a sculptor, and Stanislav Libenský, originally a painter and later a glass artist, met in 1954. They married in 1963 and worked together until Libenský's death in 2002. Libenský painted and sketched the designs, and Brychtová made clay sculptures from his designs. 

Linda Tripp

Linda Rose Tripp (née Carotenuto; November 24, 1949 – April 8, 2020) was an American civil servant. She played an important role in the Lewinsky scandal of 1998. Tripp's action in secretly recording Monica Lewinsky's secret phone calls about her relationship with the president caused a sensation with their links to the earlier "Clinton v. Jones" lawsuit.

Tripp claimed that her motives were patriotic, and she was able to avoid a wiretap charge for handing in the tapes. She then claimed that her firing from the Pentagon at the end of the Clinton administration was because she leaked the phone calls, while the administration claimed it to be a standard routine.

From 2004, Tripp worked with her husband in a retail business in Middleburg, Virginia.

Tripp was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. She died from pancreatic cancer in Middleburg at the age of 70 on April 8, 2020.

Te Huirangi Waikerepuru

Huirangi Eruera Waikerepuru (1 April 1929 – 8 April 2020) was a New Zealand Māori language activist and trade unionist. He was known for creating Māori language radio and television channels. He had a 30-year relationship with the Tertiary Education Union.

In 1995, Waikerepuru was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Waikato. In the 2014 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit. He was a life member of the Tertiary Education Union.

Waikerepuru died on 8 April 2020, aged 91.

Ballo dei diavoli

The "Ballo dei diavoli" which means The devils' dance in English, is dance from the province of Palermo that is usually danced at Easter.


Acaric

Acaric is a Japanese company based in Tokyo and they are providing educational services (including recruitment support) for graduate students and young researchers (such as postdoctoral fellows). They are also known for developing Cloud LaTeX, an online LaTeX compiler service which is considered as a Japanese counterpart of ShareLaTeX.


Haut-Mbomou

Haut-Mbomou is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Obo. 

Kémo

Kémo is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Sibut. It is named for the Kémo River.

Lobaye

Lobaye is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Mbaïki. 

The prefecture is in the southern part of the country, bordering the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Besides Mbaïki, other important cities include Boda, in the north, and Mongoumba, by the Ubangi River.

Mambéré-Kadéï

Mambéré-Kadéï is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Berbérati.

Until 1992, it was named Haute-Sangha.

Mbomou

Mbomou is one of 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital is Bangassou. 

Nana-Mambéré

Nana-Mambéré is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital is Bouar. 

Ombella-M'Poko

Ombella-M'Poko is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Bimbo.

Ouaka

Ouaka is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital is Bambari. The prefecture borders the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

Ouham

Ouham is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Bossangoa. 

Ouham-Pendé

Ouham-Pendé is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Bozoum. 

In the north it has a border with Cameroon and Chad.

Vakaga

Vakaga is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Birao. 

Nana-Grébizi

Nana-Grébizi is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. The capital is Kaga-Bandoro.

Sangha-Mbaéré

Sangha-Mbaéré is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic. Its capital is Nola.

Batha (region)

Batha is a region of Chad. The capital of the region is Ati.

The region of Batha is divided into three departments: Batha Est, Batha Ouest and Fitri.

Departments of Chad

The regions of Chad are divided into 61 departments. The following is a list of departments grouped by region. Shown next to each department is its population as of 2009, the name of its capital or main town, and a list of sub-prefectures.
Created in 2008 from the Kanem region's former Barh El Gazel department.

Created in 2008 from the Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti region's former Borkou department.

Created in 2008 from the Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti region's former Ennedi Est and Ennedi Ouest departments.

Created in 2008 from the Ouaddaï region's former Sila and Djourf Al Ahmar departments.

Created in 2008 from the Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti region's former Tibesti department.

N'Djamena, the capital city of Chad, is also a special statute region. It has no departments, but is divided into 10 "arrondissements".

Chari-Baguirmi Region

Chari-Baguirmi is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Massenya.

The Chari River flows through the west and south of the region.

The Chari-Baguirmi region is divided into three departments:

Hadjer-Lamis (region)

Hadjer-Lamis is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Massakory. The far north-west of the region borders on Lake Chad.

The region of Hadjer-Lamis is divided into three departments:

Ada Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Ada, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 29 at the 2020 census.

Albertha Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Albertha, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 21 at the 2020 census.

Albion Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Albion, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 42 at the 2020 census.

Bear Creek Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Bear Creek, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 193 at the 2020 census.

Clement Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Clement, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 136 at the 2020 census.

Divide Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Divide, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. According to the 2020 US census, there were 82 people living there.

Elden Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Elden, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 59 at the 2020 census.

Ellendale Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Ellendale Township, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 123 at the 2020 census.

Elm Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Elm, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 79 at the 2020 census.

German Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

German, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 18 at the 2020 census.

Grand Valley Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Grand Valley, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 35 at the 2020 census.

Hamburg Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Hamburg, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 29 at the 2020 census.

Hudson Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Hudson, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 79 at the 2020 census.

Wadi Fira (region)

Wadi Fira is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is the town of Biltine.

The region of Wadi Fira is divided into three departments. Each is listed with the name of its capital or main town and a list of sub-prefectures.

Norman Reedus

Norman Mark Reedus (born January 6, 1969) is an American actor, model and artist. He is known for starring as Daryl Dixon in the AMC series "The Walking Dead" (2010–present) and Murphy MacManus in the movie "The Boondock Saints" (1999) and its sequel "" (2009). He is the host of "Ride with Norman Reedus". He performed the motion capture and voice acting for the main character Sam in Hideo Kojima's video game "Death Stranding" (2019). He has also modeled for companies such as Prada and Levi's.

Reedus was born in Hollywood, Florida. He has a child with Danish model Helena Christensen. He is now in a relationship with German model Diane Kruger. The couple have one child.


Sarah Wayne Callies

Sarah Wayne Callies (born June 1, 1977) is an American actress. She is known for TV roles such as Sara Tancredi in Fox's "Prison Break" (2005–2009; 2017), Lori Grimes in AMC's "The Walking Dead" (2010–2013; 2018) and Katie Bowman in USA Network's "Colony" (2016–2018).

Callies was born in La Grange, Illinois. She grew up in Honolulu, Hawaii. She married Josh Winterhalt in 2002. The couple have two children.

Bahr el Gazel (region of Chad)

Barh El Gazel is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is the town of Moussoro. The region was created in 2008 from the former Barh El Gazel Department of the Kanem Region. The region has 2 departments: Barh El Gazel Nord and Barh El Gazel Sud.

Borkou Region

The Borkou region is a region of Chad. Its capital is Faya-Largeau. It was created in 2008 from the Borkou department of the former Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti region. 

Borkou is in the Sahara Desert. It has parts of the Tibesti Mountains in its north. The highest point in Chad, Emi Koussi, is in Borkou.

The region is divided into 2 departments - Borkou (capital Faya-Largeau) and Borkou Yala (capital Kirdimi).

Ennedi-Est (region)

Ennedi-Est is a region in Chad. The capital of the region is Amdjarass. It was created in 2012 from Ennedi Region. 

Ennedi-Est Region is divided into two departments:

Ennedi-Ouest (region)

Ennedi-Ouest is a region in Chad. The capital of the region is Fada. It was created in 2012 from the western half of Ennedi Region. 

Ennedi-Ouest Region is divided into two departments:

Guéra (region)

Guéra is one of the 23 regions of Chad. The capital is Mongo. It was created in 2002 from the former Guéra prefecture.

Half of the Zakouma National Park is within the region.

The region of Guéra is divided into four departments, namely:

Kanem (region)

Kanem is one of 23 regions in Chad. The capital is Mao. It is named after the Kanem Empire.

It was created in 2002 from the former Prefecture of Kanem. In 2008, a portion of the Kanem region (the Bahr el Gazel Department) was split off to become the new Bahr el Gazel Region.

Since 2008, the region of Kanem is divided in three departments, namely:

Andrew Mills

Andrew Mills (born 18 June 1981) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 2004 and 2005.

He was drafted from the Murray Bushrangers in the TAC Cup, with the 52nd selection in the 1999 AFL Draft. He played 14 games in four seasons at the Tigers before he was delisted at the end of the 2003 season.

Oromia

The Oromia Region is one of the regional states of Ethiopia. The capital city is according to the Adama city administration, which stated that 'On June 10, 2005, the Oromo Peoples' Democratic Organization (OPDO), part of the ruling EPRDF coalition, officially announced plans to move the regional capital to Addis Ababa'.

It is the homeland of the Oromo people. It has a population of around 35,000,000; this makes it the largest regional state in terms of population. It is also the largest regional state by land size. 

Oromia Region is divided into 20 administrative zones:

Shingai Shoniwa

Shingai Eizabeth Maria Shoniwa (born 1 September 1981) is a British singer, musician, songwriter and actress. She is signed to Motown and Universal Music Group, became active in 2006, and is a member of the band Noisettes.

Needamangalam taluk

Needamangalam Taluk is a taluk in Thiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu in India.

Dionne Bromfield

Dionne Julia Bromfield (born 1 February 1996) is an English singer, songwriter, TV presenter, and television personality. She rose to fame in 2009 signing to Amy Winehouse's record label Lioness Records.

Sharon Jones &amp; the Dap-Kings

Sharon Jones & The Dap Kings were an American soul music band, comprised of Sharon Jones and ever dap king. Sharon Jones was the lead vocalist of the band. The band was formed in 1996 and disbanded in 2016. That was because Sharon Jones died on 18 November that year. The dap kings liked Mark Ronson and Amy Winehouse. They were signed to Daptone Records.

Frances Hesselbein

Frances Hesselbein (November 1, 1915 - December 11, 2022) was an American businesswoman. She served as the CEO of the Girl Scouts of the USA from 1976 to 1990. In 1998, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work with the Girl Scouts of the USA.

Hesselbein was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. She turned 100 in 2015. She died at her home in Easton, Pennsylvania, on December 11, 2022, at the age of 107.


Common (rapper)

Lonnie Rashid Lynn (born March 13, 1972), better known by his stage name Common, is an American rapper and actor. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. His music has been compared to the likes of Kanye West.

He graduated from Luther High School South. Later, he graduated from Florida A&M University.

He released his first album "Can I Borrow a Dollar?" using the stage name Common Sense. He started becoming more popular when he was forced to change his stage name. A reggae band from Orange County, California with the same name sued him.

He won an Oscar for co-writing the song "Glory" for the 2014 movie "Selma". In 2018, Common was nominated for an Oscar. It was for the song "Stand Up for Something" from the 2017 movie "Marshall".

Common appeared in many movies. These include "Smokin' Aces", "American Gangster", "The Kitchen", "Wanted", "Terminator Salvation" and "Just Wright".

Arthur L. Thurlow

Arthur Louis Thurlow (May 5, 1913 – May 27, 2020) is a Canadian politician and judge. He served as a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1949 to 1953. He represented the electoral district of Lunenburg County. He was a member of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party.

Thurlow was born in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. He turned 100 in 2013.

Ruth Apilado

Ruth Mosselle Apilado ("née" Mays; April 30, 1908 – August 15, 2021) was an American writer and anti-racism activist. She was known as the founder of the quarterly magazine "America's Intercultural Magazine" ("AIM"). She founded "AIM" in 1973.

Apilado was born in Chicago, Illinois. She turned 100 in 2008, and 110 in 2018. Apilado died on August 15, 2021 in Federal Way, Washington at the age of 113.

Walensee

The Walensee, also known as "Lake Walen" or "Lake Walenstadt" from Walenstadt, is a lake in eastern Switzerland. It is in the cantons of St. Gallen and Glarus. Other towns and villages at the lake include Weesen, Quinten, Quarten, and Murg.

The three main rivers leading to this lake are the Seez, Murgbach, and Linth. The last continues its course from Walensee to Lake Zurich. The Schnittlauchinsel, at the eastern end of the lake, is the only island in the Walensee.

The Churfirsten range raises steeply on the north side from the lake's level at 419 m to 2,306 m above sea level.

Ben Peyton

Ben Peyton (born 1977) is a British actor who is best known for portraying PC Ben Hayward in the British police drama series "The Bill" from 2000 to 2002. He has also appeared in "Bridget Jones's Diary", "Band of Brothers", "Emmerdale", Doctor Who", "Holby City", "and Hacksaw Ridge.

Budaun district

Budaun district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Budaun city is the headquarter. It is the part of Bareilly division.


There are 5 tehsils in Budaun district.


Bareilly

Bareilly () is a city in Bareilly district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is the capital of Bareilly division. In 2015 Bareilly is selected one of the smartest cities of India.

According to 2011 Census of India, the population of the city is 904,797 out of 477,515 are males and 427,282 are females.


Stephen Smale

Stephen Smale (born July 15, 1930) is an American mathematician. He is known for his research in topology, dynamical systems and mathematical economics. He spent more than 30 years on the mathematics faculty of the University of California, Berkeley (1960–1961 and 1964–1995). He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1966. In 2007, Smale was awarded the Wolf Prize in mathematics. He was born in Flint, Michigan.

Kantorovich theorem

In mathematics (especially numerical analysis), the Kantorovich theorem (or the Newton-Kantorovich theorem) is a mathematical statement about the convergence of Newton's method. This theorem was named after Leonid Kantorovich, and it is frequently used in the field of validated numerics.


Moshe Brawer

Moshe Brawer (‎; 3 November 1919 – 28 December 2020) was an Israeli geographer. In 2002, he won the Israel Prize for geography research. He was the author of "The Atlas of the World," an Israeli textbook published in at least 67 editions.

Brawer was born in Vienna, Austria, to a Jewish family. His family moved to Jerusalem in 1920. He turned 100 in 2019. Brawer died on 28 December 2020, aged 101.

Junzo Sekine

Sekine died on 9 April 2020 in Tokyo, at the age of 93.

Bad Kötzting

Bad Kötzting (before 2005: Kötzting) is a town of the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany.


Ammerthal

Ammerthal is a municipality of the district Amberg-Sulzbach in Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,091 people lived there. The mayor is currently Alexandra Sitter.


Attenhofen

Attenhofen is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Frances Kinne

Frances Bartlett Kinne (May 23, 1917 – May 10, 2020) was an American educator, administrator and author. She served as president of Jacksonville University from 1979 to 1989. She was the first female university president to hold office in the state of Florida, and second in the United States. Her memoir, "Iowa Girl: The President Wears a Skirt", was published in 2000.

Kinne was born in Story City, Iowa. She turned 100 in 2017. Kinne died on May 10, 2020 in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 102.

Pacific County, Washington

Pacific County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is South Bend. At the 2020 census, 23,365 people lived there.

Shark Tale

Shark Tale is a 2004 animated comedy movie. It was produced, made and owned by DreamWorks Animation Productions for DreamWorks Pictures and directed by Vicky Jenson, Bibo Bergeron and Rob Letterman. It is a different movie than A Fish Tale.


The movie wasn't well-liked and many thought it was too similar to Jaws and The Godfather. And a lot of critics (including Roger Ebert) said that they liked Finding Nemo better. However, it did get #1 at the box office for three weeks straight and got nominated Best Animated Feature at the 2004 Oscars, but lost to The Incredibles.

In April 2011, DreamWorks Animation's CEO, Jeffrey Katzenberg, commented that the studio did not have plans to produce future movie genre parodies like "Shark Tale", "Monsters vs. Aliens", and "Megamind", saying that these moviess "all shared an approach and tone and idea of parody, and did not travel well internationally. We don't have anything like that coming on our schedule now."

Ogawamachi Station (Tokyo)

Ogawamachi Station is served by the Toei Shinjuku Line, and is 6.5 km from Shinjuku Station. The station has the number "S-07". It is connected to Awajichō Station on the Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line and Shin-Ochanomizu Station on the Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line from underground passages.

Ogawamachi Station has a one island platform design on the 6th level of the basement (also called ("B6F")), it has two tracks.

In 2011, the station was used by around 64,205 people everyday.

The station is located under the Tokyo Metropolitan Route 302 (Yasukuni-dōri) it is between Tokyo Metropolitan Routes 403 (Hongō-dōri) and 405 (Sotobori-dōri). There is many office buildings and apartment buildings in this area. Other places close by are:




Mühlenbarbek

Mühlenbarbek is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland (video game)

The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is a 1999 video game. In this game, Elmo loses his blanket and both the blanket and Elmo end up in Grouchland. It was released in October 1999 in the United States. It is based on the movie of the same name. It was made for Windows.

It was also released on the Game Boy Color in October 1999.

Woodbury, Orange County, New York

Woodbury is a town and village in Orange County, New York, United States. The town population was 12,197 at the 2010 census.

Woodbury, Nassau County, New York

Woodbury is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) located within the town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 9,335 at the 2020 census.

Woodbury, New York

Woodbury is the name of some places in the U.S. state of New York:

Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon

Dorothy Louise Taliaferro "Del" Martin (May 5, 1921 – August 27, 2008) and Phyllis Ann Lyon (November 10, 1924 – April 9, 2020) were an American lesbian couple known as feminist and gay-rights activists.

Martin and Lyon met in 1950, became lovers in 1952, and moved in together on Valentine's Day 1953. They had been together for three years when they co-founded the Daughters of Bilitis (DOB) in San Francisco in 1955. It was the first social and political organization for lesbians in the United States.

They both acted as president and editor of "The Ladder" until 1963, and remained involved in the DOB until joining the National Organization for Women (NOW) as the first lesbian couple to do so.

They were married on February 12, 2004, in the first same-sex wedding to take place in San Francisco after Mayor Gavin Newsom ordered the city clerk to begin providing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. However, that marriage was voided by the California Supreme Court on August 12, 2004. 

They married again on June 16, 2008, in the first same-sex wedding to take place in San Francisco after the California Supreme Court's decision in "In re Marriage Cases" legalized same-sex marriage in California.

Martin was born in San Francisco. She died there of problems caused by a fall at the age of 87 in 2008.

Lyon was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. She died in 2020 at the age of 95.

Daughters of Bilitis

The Daughters of Bilitis , also called the DOB or the Daughters, was the first lesbian civil and political rights organization in the United States. 

The organization, formed in San Francisco in 1955 by Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon, was created to be another hangout area for lesbians other than lesbian bars. This was to avoid raids and police harassment. It later gave support to women who were afraid to come out. 

The DOB educated them about their rights, and about gay history.

The Daughters of Bilitis lasted for 14 years, becoming an educational resource for lesbians, gay men, researchers and mental health professionals.

The Ladder (magazine)

The Ladder was the first nationally distributed lesbian publication in the United States. It was published monthly from 1956 to 1970, and once every other month in 1971 and 1972. It was the primary publication and method of communication for the Daughters of Bilitis, the first lesbian organization in the country.

Pale ale

Pale ale is a kind of beer. It's mainly made of malt, which is lighter in color. It is one of the older kinds of beer. At the beginning of the 19th century, Pale Ale existed in England. While it is common in England, there are also varieties in Belgium (Belgian Pale ale), and in the Noth of France (called bières de garde). Because of its color, the beer is sometimes called amber.

Celina, Tennessee

Celina is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Clay County.

Cleveland, Tennessee

Cleveland is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Bradley County.

Paulinenaue

Paulinenaue is a municipality of the district Havelland in the state of Brandenburg in Germany.

Hunter Biden

Robert Hunter Biden (born February 4, 1970) is an American lawyer and businessman. He is the son of President Joe Biden and his first wife, Neilia Hunter Biden. In 2009, he co-founded Rosemont Seneca Partners.

Biden was on the board of Burisma Holdings from 2014 to 2019. President Donald Trump tried to pressure the Ukrainian government to investigate Joe Biden and Hunter Biden by ending foreign aid to Ukraine. This caused an impeachment inquiry in September 2019, in which the President was impeached.

Biden's tax affairs have been under federal criminal investigation since late 2018. On July 26, 2023, Biden pled not guilty to tax charges for filing two years of his tax returns late. This is a reversal of his last guilty plea on June 20, 2023. At that time, he had also admitted to "illegally owning a gun while a drug user", because he knowingly denied drug use when applying for a gun purchase permit. 

The "Hunter Biden gun case could go to trial as soon as June" 2024, media said in March; Furthermore, "the judge is still [not sure that there will be a trial, or the judge is] weighing motions to toss the case". Earlier (September 14, 2023), Biden was indicted by a special council in Delaware on three federal firearms-related charges.

Miguel Jones

Miguel Jones Castillo (27 October 1938 – 8 April 2020) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a midfielder for SD Indautxu and Atlético Madrid during the 1950s and 1960s. In October 1967, Jones was signed for a season with Osasuna, his last club. After retiring as a player he returned to live in Bilbao and was a director at SD Indautxu. He was born in Santa Isabel, Spanish Guinea (now Malabo, Equatorial Guinea). 

Jones, who had cancer, died on 8 April 2020 in Bilbao from COVID-19 at the age of 81.

Norman I. Platnick

Norman Ira Platnick (December 30, 1951 – April 8, 2020) was an American biological systematist and arachnologist. He was born in Bluefield, West Virginia. 

He was a Professor Emeritus of the Richard Gilder Graduate School and Peter J. Solomon Family Curator Emeritus of the invertebrate zoology department of the American Museum of Natural History. Platnick described over 1,800 species of spiders from around the world. 

Until 2014 he was also the maintainer of the World Spider Catalog, a website which tracks the arachnology literature.

Platnick died on April 8, 2020 at a hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania of problems caused from a fall, aged 68.

Mercer County, West Virginia

Mercer County is a county on the southeastern border of the U.S. state of West Virginia. At the 2020 census, the population was 59,664. Its county seat is Princeton. The county was originally in the state of Virginia.

Princeton, West Virginia

Princeton, is a city in and the county seat of Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 5,872 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Bluefield, WV-VA micropolitan area.

Bière de Garde

Bières de garde are beers brewed in the north of France. They are rather light in colors, or amber. Usually, they have more than six percent alcohol. They also have a very malty taste. To many people outside France, the name may be misleading, as it means Beers for safekeeping.

Raj K. Aggarwal

Raj Kumar Aggarwal (born 1949) was a Kenyan-British pharmacist, public health expert and businessman. He was born in Nairobi, Kenya. He was the first ever Honorary Consul for India with jurisdiction for Wales. He was responsible for helping to connect Welsh and Indian businesses.

In March 2015, he was appointed president of the Consular Association of Wales. In 1973, he became a member of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain.

Edgewood, Illinois

Edgewood is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Dmitri Smirnov (composer)

Dmitri Nikolaevich Smirnov (; 2 November 1948 – 9 April 2020), also known by his pen names Dmitri N. Smirnov, was a Russian-born British composer. He was born in Minsk. His best known works were "Tiriel" and "The Lamentations of Thel".

His "Solo for Harp" won First Prize in a competition in Maastricht (1976). His two operas "Tiriel" and "Thel" on a text by William Blake were premiered in 1989. He was a "Composer-in-Residence" at University of Cambridge (St John's College), at Dartington, and "Visiting Professor" at Keele University (1993–8).

Smirnov died of COVID-19 on 9 April 2020 in London at the age of 71.

Pat Stapleton (ice hockey)

Patrick James "Whitey" Stapleton (July 4, 1940 – April 8, 2020) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a defenceman. Stapleton played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) and the World Hockey Association (WHA), mainly for the Chicago Black Hawks. He also played for the Boston Bruins, Chicago Cougars, Indianapolis Racers and Cincinnati Stingers.

Stapleton was born in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. He was the father of Mike Stapleton, who had a lengthy career in the NHL as well. Stapleton died on April 8, 2020 of stroke-related problems in Strathroy-Caradoc, Ontario, aged 79.

Sarnia

Sarnia is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. It had a 2016 population of 71,594. It is the largest city on Lake Huron and in Lambton County. It is near the St. Clair River.

CHOK 1070

CHKS 106.3

St. Clair River

The St. Clair River () is a river in central North America flows from Lake Huron into Lake St. Clair. It forms part of the international boundary between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Michigan. 

Pete Docter

Peter Hans Docter (born October 9, 1968) is an American animator, director, producer, screenwriter and voice actor.

Docter was born in Bloomington, Minnesota to Rita Margaret Kanne and David Reinhardt Docter. His parents are of Danish, English, French, German, Irish, Mohawk Native American, Scottish and Welsh descent.

Lake St. Clair

Lake St. Clair () is a freshwater lake that lies between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Michigan. It was named in 1679 by French Catholic explorers after Saint Clare of Assisi. 

It is part of the Great Lakes system. The St. Clair River brings water south from Lake Huron to Lake St. Clair and the Detroit River, brings the water south from Lake St. Clair to Lake Erie. Lake St. Clair has a total surface area of about and an average depth of just .


Okanagan

The Okanagan (), also called the Okanagan Valley and sometimes as the Okanagan Country, is an area in British Columbia, Canada, that is located around Okanagan Lake and the Okanagan River. It is part of the Okanagan Country, which is also in the United States as Okanogan Country Washington. The region's population is 362,258 in 2016. The largest city is Kelowna.

Okanagan Lake

Okanagan Lake is a large, deep lake in the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia, Canada. The lake is long, between wide, and has a surface area of 348 km.

Lac (region)

Lac is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Bol. The region includes Chad's portion of the shore of Lake Chad.

The region of Lac is divided into two departments - Mamdi (capital Bol) and Wayi (capital Ngouri).

The region is the main agricultural segment in the whole country. They produce cotton and groundnut, the two main cashcrops of the country. There are a variety of local crops, like rice, also grown in the region.

Logone Occidental (region)

Logone Occidental is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Moundou. 

The region of Logone Occidental is divided into four departments:

Logone Oriental (region)

Logone Oriental is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Doba.

The region of Logone Oriental is divided in six departments:

Mandoul Region

Mandoul is one of the 23 regions of Chad. The regional capital is Koumra.

The region of Mandoul is divided into three departments:

Mayo-Kebbi Est

Mayo-Kebbi Est is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Bongor. 

The region of Mayo-Kebbi East is divided into four departments:

Mayo-Kebbi Ouest Region

Mayo-Kebbi Ouest is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Pala.

The Mayo Kébbi river flows through the north of the region. Lake Léré and the smaller Lake Tréné are in the north-west.

The region of Mayo-Kebbi Ouest is divided into two departments:

Moyen-Chari (region)

Moyen-Chari is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Sarh.

Manda National Park is in the region.

The region of Moyen-Chari is divided into three departments:

Ouaddaï Region

Ouaddaï is a region in Chad. The capital city is Abéché.

The region was the heartland of the former Ouaddai Empire, which existed from the early 16th century until 1911. It was defeated by France in the Ouaddai War.

Since 2008, the region of Ouaddaï is divided into three departments:

Malcolm Dixon (actor)

Malcolm Watson Dixon (1934 – 9 April 2020) was an English actor. He was best known as Strutter in the 1981 movie "Time Bandits". His height was 4'1" and because of it he often played Ewoks and dwarfs. Dixon worked in Jim Henson's Creature Shop. He also played an Oompa Loompa in "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" (1971). Dixon was born in Crook, County Durham.

Dixon died on 9 April 2020 at the age of 66.

Jan Křen

Jan Křen (22 August 1930 – 7 April 2020) was a Czech historian, academic, and dissident. He was born in Prague. During Czechoslovakia's communist era he became a political dissident. His works focused in the study of Czech-German relations. He was one of the signers of Charter 77. In 1989, Křen founded the Institute of International Studies at Charles University.

In March 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic, Křen was infected with COVID-19. He died from the infection on 7 April 2020 in Prague, at the age of 89.

Salamat (region)

Salamat is one of the 23 regions of Chad. The region's capital is Am Timan. Half of the Zakouma National Park is in the region.

The region of Salamat is divided into three departments:

Jean-Marie Zoellé

Jean-Marie Zoellé (16 November 1944 – 6 April 2020) was a French politician. He was Mayor of Saint-Louis, Haut-Rhin from 2011 until his death. He was Deputy Mayor from 1989 until 2011. 

Zoellé died on 6 April 2020 at a hospital in Bonn, Germany from COVID-19, aged 75.

Sila Region

Sila or Dar Sila is a region of Chad. The capital of the region is Goz Beïda.

Sila is divided into two departments:

André Stordeur

André Stordeur (1 March 1941 – 7 April 2020) was a Belgian electronic music composer. He was born in Haine-Saint-Paul, Belgium. His musical career started in 1977. In 1979, he worked with Paul-Baudouin Michel on an electroacoustic music composition titled "Phraséologie". Also in 1979, he published a solo recording of his electronic music titled "18 Days."

Stordeur died on 7 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Tandjilé (region)

Tandjilé is one of the 23 regions of Chad. Its capital is Laï.

The region of Tandjilé is divided into two departments:

Tibesti Region

Tibesti Region is a region in Chad. Its capital is Bardaï.

It was created in 2008 when the former Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region was split into three. The Tibesti Department became the Tibesti Region. The region is named for the Tibesti Mountains, one of the most prominent mountain chains in the Sahara Desert.

The area fell under French rule during the Scramble for Africa in the late 19th century. Prior to 1931 much of the region belonged to what is now Niger, as part of the French West Africa colony.

The region of Tibesti is divided into two departments:

Stephen Hahn (oncologist)

Stephen Michael Hahn (born January 22, 1960) is an American physician. He was the Commissioner of Food and Drugs from December 17, 2019 to January 20, 2021. Before becoming Commissioner, he was a radiation oncologist who was the chief medical executive of the MD Anderson Cancer Center.

On March 1, 2020, Vice President Mike Pence and Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar announced the addition of Hahn to the White House Coronavirus Taskforce.

Orthodox Presbyterian Church

The Orthodox Presbyterian Church (OPC) is a Presbyterian denomination in the northern United States. It was made by members of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (PCUSA). They strongly objected to the Modernist theology during the 1930s. It had influence on evangelicalism far beyond its size.

The Orthodox Presbyterian Church was made in 1936. It was founded largely through the efforts of John Gresham Machen. Machen and others had founded Westminster Theological Seminary in 1929, in response to a re-organization of Princeton Theological Seminary. In 1933, Machen, concerned about Liberal Christianity|liberal theology tolerated by Presbyterians on the mission field, formed the Independent Board for Presbyterian Foreign Missions. The next Presbyterian General Assembly reaffirmed that Independent Board was unconstitutional and gave the associated clergy an ultimatum to break their links. When Machen and seven other clergy refused, they were suspended from the Presbyterian ministry.

On June 11, 1936, Machen and a group of conservative ministers, elders, and laymen met in Philadelphia to form the Presbyterian Church of America (not to be confused with the Presbyterian Church in America, or PCA, which came about decades later). Machen was elected as the first moderator. The PCUSA filed suit against the denomination for its choice of name. In 1939, the denomination adopted its current name, the Orthodox Presbyterian Church.
Machen died in January 1937. Later that year, a significant faction of the OPC, led by Carl McIntire, broke away to form the Bible Presbyterian Church, a denomination which, unlike the OPC, required abstinence from alcohol and taught premillennialism.

As of 2014, The OPC had 281 congregations. In 2019, Escondido Orthodox Presbyterian Church received media attention as the church of which John Earnest, alleged perpetrator of the 2019 Poway synagogue shooting|Poway synagogue shooting, was a member. Its pastor, Zake Keele, condemned the shooting as an "act of evil."

The OPC system of doctrine is the Reformed faith. This is also called Calvinism. 
Calvin's doctrines continued to develop after his death, and an evolution of them was set forth by a 17th-century assembly of British theologians in the Westminster Standards (which include the Westminster Confession of Faith and the Westminster Larger Catechism|Larger and Westminster Shorter Catechism|Shorter Catechisms). The OPC holds to the Westminster Standards with the American revisions of 1788.
The OPC provides the following summary of its doctrine:


OPC pastors and presbyteries teach a range of doctrines based on the historical view of the biblical creation accounts, from framework and analogical interpretations to young earth.

The 39th General Assembly, meeting in 1972, adopted a statement on abortion that said "voluntary abortion, except possibly to save the physical life of the mother, is in violation of the Sixth Commandment (Exodus 20:13)."
In 1993, the denomination petitioned then President Bill Clinton to continue to disallow homosexuals to serve in the military. According to the petition, "homosexuality is a reproach to any nation. It undermines the family, and poses a substantial threat to the general health, safety and welfare of our citizens." The petition claims that AIDS and "other diseases" are spread through homosexual conduct.
The 68th General Assembly declared that women serving in combat positions in the military is contrary to the Bible.

In 2006-2007, a study committee formed by the General Assembly created a report that said "the church should never turn its back on fellow brothers and sisters in Christ, whether they are legally or illegally in the country. We should be willing to see to the spiritual and physical needs of anyone who comes to the church." The report also recommended that illegal immigrants seek to "repent" of their legal status.

OPC ministers have held a variety of political views. Carl Trueman, an ordained minister in the OPC, has authored "Republocrat: Confessions of a Liberal Conservative" (pub. 2010). Several founders of American Christian Reconstructionism (such as Rousas John Rushdoony and Greg Bahnsen) were Orthodox Presbyterian ministers.



Orthodox Presbyterian Church of Korea

The Orthodox Presbyterian Church of Korea (OPCK, Founder Ha Seung Moo) is a historic Orthodox Reformed Church's doctrine and historical succession of tradition of the John Knox's <Scottish Presbyterian Church> declared the first among Presbyterian denomination in Korea. Launched in January 2012.

Most objections to and attacks on Calvinism focus on the "five points of Calvinism," also called the doctrines of grace, and remembered by the mnemonic "TULIP." The five points are popularly said to summarize the Canons of Dort; however, there is no historical relationship between them, and some scholars argue that their language distorts the meaning of the Canons, Calvin's theology, and the theology of 17th-century Calvinistic orthodoxy, particularly in the language of total depravity and limited atonement. The five points were popularized in the 1963 booklet "The Five Points of Calvinism Defined, Defended, Documented" by David N. Steele and Curtis C. Thomas. The origins of the five points and the acronym are uncertain, but the acronym was used by Cleland Boyd McAfee as early as circa 1905. An early printed appearance of the T-U-L-I-P acronym is in Loraine Boettner's 1932 book, "The Reformed Doctrine of Predestination". The acronym was very cautiously if ever used by Calvinist apologists and theologians before the booklet by Steele and Thomas. More recently, theologians have sought to reformulate the TULIP acronym to more accurately reflect the Canons of Dort.
The central assertion of these points is that God saves every person upon whom he has mercy, and that his efforts are not frustrated by the unrighteousness or inability of humans.

The OPCK system of doctrine is the Reformed faith, also called Calvinism. Since the establishment of the Presbyterian Church and Calvin's doctrines continued to develop after his death, and a particular evolution of them was set forth by a 17th-century assembly of British theologians in the Westminster Standards (which include the Westminster Confession of Faith and the Westminster Larger Catechism|Larger and Westminster Shorter Catechism|Shorter Catechisms). The OPC holds to the Westminster Standards with the American revisions of 1788.

The OPCK system of doctrine is the Reformed faith, also called Calvinism. Calvin's doctrines continued to develop after his death, and a particular evolution of them was set forth by a 17th-century assembly of British theologians in the Westminster Standards (which include the Westminster Confession of Faith and the Larger and Shorter Catechisms). The OPC holds to the Westminster Standards with the American revisions of 1788.

The OPCK provides the following summary of its doctrine:



Gabriella Cilmi

Gabriella Lucia Cilmi (born 10 October 1991) is an Australian singer-songwriter and record producer. She was born in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. She was first signed to Warner Records when she was a teenager. She shares a manager with the Sugababes and supported Mutya Buena (who used to be a member of the Sugababes) at the jazz cafe in London. Gabriella's debut album "Lessons To Be Learned" was produced by Xenomania, who also worked with Girls Aloud and Cher. Cimli is signed to Island Records.

Official website

Gabriella Cilmi's on MySpace

213 (group)

213 (pronounced "two-one-three") was an American West Coast hip hop group with Warren G, Snoop Dogg and Nate Dogg. They were based in Long Beach, California. They performed gangsta rap and G-funk. The group was formed in 1990 and ended in 2011 when Nate Dogg died.

Tha Eastsidaz

Tha Eastsidaz were an American West Coast hip hop trio. Tray Deee, Snoop Dogg, and Goldie Loc were members of this band. They were based in Long Beach, California and were signed to one of the members' record labels and TVT Records. The group was formed in 1997 and ended in 2016.

Master P

Percy Robert Miller, also known by his stage name Master P, is an American rapper, record producer, entrepreneur, investor, businessman, former basketball player and actor from New Orleans, Louisiana. He is known for his work on No Limit Records. His single “Make ‘Em Say Uhh!,” which went platinum. 

Currensy

Shante Scott Franklin (born April 4, 1981), better known by his stage name Currensy (stylized as Curren$y) is an American rapper, songwriter and record executive. Formerly signed to Lil Wayne's record label Young Money Entertainment, he signed himself to No Limit Records as a teenager. After releasing mixtapes, his first album "This Ain't No Mixtape" was released in April 2009.

After gaining stream in 2007, he made a shocking move leaving Young Money to do his own thing on an airplane. Currensy said, "I ain't see nothing coming out of there. I have been on Young Money for like 4 years. We had the "Where The Cash At" video game, you know, that was cool".

Timeline of women in mathematics in the United States

There is a long history of women appearances in mathematics in the United States. All women mentioned here are American unless otherwise noted.




Jeremih

Jeremy Phillip Felton (born July 17, 1987) known professionally as Jeremih is an American R&B singer. He has worked with other artists like 50 Cent, Hitmaka, PartyNextDoor and Ty Dolla Sign. In 2009, he signed to the record label Def Jam Recordings and released his self titled album that year.



The Music of Black Origin Awards (MOBO Awards) is an awards ceremony established in 1995 by Kanya King.
!Source

The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973.
!Source


!Source

An NAACP Image Award is an accolade presented by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music, and literature.
!Source

The Chicago Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony for music artist professionals to get recognized for their talents and hard work. Ephraim Martin, CMA President, is the founder.
!Source

The Billboard Music Award is an honor given by Billboard magazine, the preeminent publication covering the music business. The Billboard Music Awards show had been held annually in December until it went dormant in 2007, but it returned in May 2011. By Billboard Music Award.
!Source

The iheartRadio award honors the biggest Artists and Songs of the year.
!Source

Timeline of women in mathematics

This article is a timeline of women appearances in mathematics.

350–370 until 415: The lifetime of Hypatia, a Greek Alexandrine Neoplatonist philosopher in Egypt who was the first well-documented woman in mathematics. She was head of the Neoplatonic School in Alexandria, Egypt, from the year 400. Her students were young men from around the empire.

1678 Elena Cornaro Piscopia became to receive an academic degree from a university, and the first to receive a Doctor of Philosophy degree. She went on to be a lecturer at the University of Padua in mathematics..
1827: French mathematician Sophie Germain saw her theorem, known as Germain's Theorem, published in a footnote of a book by the mathematician Adrien-Marie Legendre. In this theorem Germain proved that if "x", "y", and "z" are integers and if "x" + "y" = "z" then either "x", "y", or "z" must be divisible by 5. Germain's theorem was a major step toward proving Fermat's last theorem for the case where n equals 5.

1829: The first public examination of an American girl in geometry was held.

1874: Russian mathematician Sofya Kovalevskaya became the first woman in modern Europe to gain a doctorate in mathematics, which she earned from the University of Göttingen in Germany.

1888: The Kovalevskaya top, one of a brief list of known examples of integrable rigid body motion, was discovered by Sofya Kovalevskaya.

1889: Sofya Kovalevskaya was appointed as the first female professor in Northern Europe, at the University of Stockholm.

1918: German mathematician Emmy Noether published Noether's (first) theorem.

1927: American mathematician Anna Johnson Pell Wheeler became the first woman to present a lecture at the American Mathematical Society Colloquium.

1930: Cecilia Krieger became the first woman to earn a PhD in mathematics in Canada, at the University of Toronto.

1956: American mathematician Gladys West began collecting data from satellites at the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division. Her calculations directly impacted the development of accurate GPS systems.

1960 and 1966: Lucy Joan Slater published two books about mathematical functions from the Cambridge University Press, one of the world's largest academic publisher.

1983: Julia Robinson became the first female president of the American Mathematical Society.

1995: American mathematician Margaret H. Wright became the first female president of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.

1998: Melanie Wood became the first female American to make the U.S. International Mathematical Olympiad Team. She won silver medals in the 1998 and 1999 International Mathematical Olympiads.

2004: American Alison Miller became the first ever female gold medal winner on the U.S. International Mathematical Olympiad Team.

2016: The London Mathematical Society's Women in Mathematics Committee was awarded the Royal Society's inaugural Athena Prize.

2019: American mathematician Karen Uhlenbeck became the first woman to win the Abel Prize."


Sofya Kovalevskaya

Sofya Vasilyevna Kovalevskaya (), born Sofya Vasilyevna Korvin-Krukovskaya ( – 10 February 1891), was a Russian mathematician who contributed to analysis, partial differential equations and mechanics. She was a pioneer for women in mathematics around the world – the first woman to obtain a doctorate (in the modern sense) in mathematics, the first woman appointed to a full professorship in Northern Europe and one of the first women to work for a scientific journal as an editor.



Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary

Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary () is a seminary in Seoul, South Korea. It was founded on 17 January 2012.

The seminary was created in January 2012, as an Orthodox Presbyterian Seminary. It was the only training institution for pastor candidates of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church of Korea. The main programs of the Seminary's non-degree courses of Master of Divinity equivalent (M.Div., Equiv, M.Div., Equiv. in Missiology Language.) are open. A laity leadership program, pastor refresher courses and Bible Academy were established.

Distinctive features of the seminary include historical orthodox Presbyterian church and Reformed churchs and a small number of apprenticeships.

Applicants are selected through a screening process. They must have at least a bachelor's degree from a regular university. All students receive free tuition.

Founder and chancellor Rev. Seung-moo Ha of the KPTS leads the school. The honorary chancellor of the Korea Theological Seminary is Th. D. Seung-mi Lee.


Puttur, Karnataka

Puttur is a town in India. It is in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state. It is 52 km away from the district headquarters, Mangalore. People there speak Tulu and Kannada. This place consist of many notable visiting spots like Shri Mahathobara Mahalingeshwara Temple, Shri Panchamukhi Hanuman Temple Hanumagiri, Viramada mane water park, Camco chocolate factory , etc. This place is famous for its heritage and monuments . Puttur has Karnataka's 2nd largest Bus stand.

Popular Places to Shop:
Sanjeev Shetty etc.

Popular Places to eat:
Street food:Mangal stores
Bakery: Popular, Celebrations etc.
fine dine : Palara etc.

Montgomery County, Indiana

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 37,936 people lived there. The county seat is Crawfordsville.

Parke County, Indiana

Parke County is a county in the western part of the U.S. state of Indiana along the Wabash River. It was created in 1821. As of 2020, 16,156 people lived there. The county seat is Rockville.

Danville, Indiana

Danville is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Vernon, Indiana

Vernon is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of Jennings County.

Kentland, Indiana

Kentland is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Williamsport, Indiana

Williamsport is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Shoals, Indiana

Shoals is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Union County, Indiana

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 7,087 people lived there. The county seat is Liberty. It was created in 1821.

Neuendorf bei Elmshorn

Neuendorf bei Elmshorn is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kaisborstel

Kaisborstel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Steve Farmer (musician)

Steven O. Farmer (December 31, 1948 – April 7, 2020) was an American guitarist, composer and singer-songwriter. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. Farmer was best known for his works with Ted Nugent in 1968. His best known song was "Journey to the Center of the Mind". He also worked with The Amboy Dukes. 

Farmer died on April 7, 2020 in Redford, Michigan, aged 71.

Redford, Michigan

Redford, officially the Charter Township of Redford, is a charter township in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan and a suburb of Detroit. The population was 49,504 at the 2020 census.

Pearland, Texas

Pearland ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, within the metropolitan area. Most of the city is in Brazoria County. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 125,828.

Armando Francioli

Armando Francioli (October 21, 1919 – April 6, 2020) was an Italian actor. He appeared in more than fifty movies, beginning in 1942. Francioli was born in Rome. His best known roles were in "The Pharaohs' Woman", "The Opium Den" and in "Hawk of the Caribbean".

Francioli died in Rome on April 6, 2020 at the age of 100. 

Enrique Múgica

Enrique Múgica Herzog (20 February 1932 — 10 April 2020) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. He was born in San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa, Spain. A critic of Francisco Franco, he spent three years in prison. He was one of the founders of the Spanish Socialist Party (PSOE).

He was Justice Minister (1988–1991), former congressman (representing Gipuzkoa; 1977–2000) and former Ombudsman (2000–2010).

He died on 10 April 2020 from COVID-19 in Barcelona, aged 88.

Nobuhiko Obayashi

Obayashi died on April 10, 2020 in Tokyo of lung cancer at the age of 82.

Hans Verhagen

Hans Verhagen (3 March 1939 – 10 April 2020) was a Dutch journalist, poet, painter and filmmaker. He was born in Vlissingen, Netherlands. He won the P. C. Hooft Award in 2009 "for his humour, his engagement, his poetic daring and whimsy." 

Verhagen died on 10 April 2020 in Amsterdam at the age of 81.

Tom Webster (ice hockey)

Thomas Ronald "Hawkeye" Webster (October 4, 1948 – April 10, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He was born in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, Canada. His career lasted from 1968 to 1980. He played for the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, California Golden Seals and the New England Whalers.

Webster died on April 10, 2020 of brain cancer at the age of 71.

Sam Sheppard

Samuel Holmes Sheppard ( – ) was an American neurosurgeon and professional wrestler. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. 

Sheppard was known for being accused and later convicted for murdering his wife Marilyn. He was released in 1966 after new evidence questioned his guilty sentence. The case was controversial from the beginning. The U.S. Supreme Court found that the "carnival atmosphere" (media) surrounding Sheppard's first trial had made due process impossible. After ten years in prison he was acquitted at a second trial. There was also evidence that he judge from Sheppard's first trial was unfair. Sheppard was represented by F. Lee Bailey.

In August 1969 at the age of 45, he became a wrestler known as "Killer" Sam Sheppard. Sheppard wrestled over 40 matches before his death in April 1970.

Sheppard died on April 6, 1970 of liver failure after suffering from alcoholism in Columbus, Ohio at the age of 46.

The Hidden (1987 movie)

The Hidden is a 1987 science fiction action horror movie produced and released by New Life Cinema and directed by Jack Sholder. It stars Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Nouri, Ed O'Ross, Clu Gulager, Chris Mulkey, Clarence Felder, Larry Cedar, Claudia Christian and Tony Anholt. A sequel The Hidden II was released in 1993.


Bruce Baillie

Bruce Baillie (September 24, 1931 – April 10, 2020) was an American avant-garde cinematic artist. He was the founder of Canyon Cinema in San Francisco in 1961. He was born in Aberdeen, South Dakota. His best known movie was "Castro Street".

Baillie died on April 10, 2020 at his home in Camano Island, Washington at the age of 88.


Philip, South Dakota

Philip is a city in and the county seat of rural Haakon County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 759 at the 2020 census.

Hilary Dwyer

Hilary Dwyer (6 May 1945 – April 2020) was an English actress, businessperson and movie producer. She was born in Liverpool, England. She was best known for her acting roles in "Witchfinder General" (1968) and "Wuthering Heights" (1970). Dwyer also produced "An Awfully Big Adventure" (1995) and "Nil by Mouth" (1997).

Dwyer died of COVID-19 in April 2020 at the age of 74.

Fort Sheridan, Illinois

Fort Sheridan is a residential neighborhood within the cities of Lake Forest, Highwood, and Highland Park in Lake County, Illinois, United States. 

It was originally created as Fort Sheridan, an Army post named after Civil War cavalry general Philip Sheridan, to honor his services to Chicago.

History of Sri Lanka

Most Sinhalese in the island claim that Sri Lanka was ruled by nagas and yakkas before Vijaya( a prince from India ) came to Sri Lanka. The most famous of these legendary kings is Ravana. Most people in the country believe that Ravana is still alive but in deep sleep. But most prominent historians regard Vijaya as Sri lanka's first king. Vijaya is an Indian prince who because of misbehavior was put in a boat with his 700 friends was sent off. He was the son of king Sinhabahu who was in fact the son of a Lion. Hence most Sinhalse claim to be descending from the Lion's blood.

There were several kings who ruled Sri Lanka after Vijaya but the most important after that was Pandukabaya because he chose Anuradhapura as the country's capital.

The first Portuguese arrived at Sri Lanka in 1505.

Sri Lanka experienced the Civil war through years 1983 to 2009. Racial discrimination after the post colonial era was the main reason for civil war as such. The sinhala only act which was passed in 1953 was one of the main reasons for a war as such. This act led to about 1/3 of the population facing difficulties when performing daily tasks. It also gave superior status to the Sinhalese component of the population.

Even though most people criticize the Act, it can be argued as a healthy decision as previously Lanka used colonial English to handle work at courts which limited amout of people understood. So it was really a choice between making more people understand or making the population literate in English.

The war was between the LTTE and the Sri Lankan army. Due to careful planning and expert battling techniques of Sarath Fonseka under the guidance of former president Mahinda Rajapakse and former defence secreatariat Gotabaya Rajapakse, the brutal civil war ended in May 2009 as the LTTE admitted defeat.

Sri Lanka had to gain international confidence after the war.



Jew's harp

The Jew's harp (also known as jaw harp or mouth harp) is a small musical instrument. It is held on the mouth and plucked. The person playing the harp changes the pitch and tone of the sound created by changing the shape of their mouth.

Mathematics Genealogy Project

The Mathematics Genealogy Project is a web-based database for the academic information of mathematicians. It contains information on many mathematical scientists who contributed to research-level mathematics (Mathematics higher than graduate level). The project entry includes PhD course graduation year, PhD thesis title, "alma mater", doctoral advisor, and doctoral students.

Lucy Joan Slater

Lucy Joan Slater (5 January 1922 – 6 June 2008) was a British mathematician who studied mathematical functions. Many mathematical identities have been named after her. For example, there is the Jackson-Slater identity and the Rogers-Ramanujan-Slater identity. She is also known for her books about special functions and Fortran.



Marie Anne de Bourbon

Marie Anne de Bourbon, "Légitimée de France" (2 October 1666 – 3 May 1739) was the eldest legitimised daughter ("fille légitimée de France") of King Louis XIV of France and his first well known mistress Louise de La Vallière.

LGBT rights in India

Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in India may face difficulties from the law and the society. Non-LGBT persons do not commonly face these difficulties. India has removed laws that treated gay sex and transgender people unfairly. But, Indian laws do not completely protect from unfair treatment or allow same-sex marriage.

Since 2014, transgender people in India may change their gender without surgery. The constitution also gives them a right to name themselves under a third gender. Some states also protect "hijras", who are traditional third gender people in South Asia, through housing programmes, welfare benefits, pension schemes, and free operations in government hospitals. There are about 4.8 million transgender people in India.

In 2018, the Supreme Court of India said that homosexuality was not a crime. It declared that Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code did not follow the constitution when adults had consensual homosexual sex. Homosexuality was never illegal in ancient Indian and traditional codes. It was made a crime by the British during their rule in India.

Though LGBT rights have been spoken for in recent political movements, much homophobia is still present among the people. A poll from 2019 says that around half of Indians object to same-sex relationships. Hindu respondents accept the LGBT community the highest. In 2010s, LGBT people in India gained tolerance and acceptance, especially in large cities. Still, most LGBT people in India remain hidden because they fear unfair treatment from their families who might see homosexuality as shameful.

Marriages between people of the same sex are not allowed in India by law. Same-sex couples are also not given rights of civil union or a household partnership. In 2011, a Haryana court marked a same-sex marriage involving two women as lawful. After marrying, the couple got threats from friends and relatives in their village. Their family finally accepted their marriage.

In October 2017, a group of citizens advised that a new Uniform Civil Code be created. This code would make the same-sex marriage lawful before the Law Commission of India.

There are now many same-sex marriage applications still waiting to be judged by the courts.

Article 15 of the Indian Constitution protects Indian citizens from unfair treatment

The Supreme Court of India has ruled that unfair treatment because of sexual orientation and gender identity did not follow the Constitution. 

Even after this, no clear law bans unfair treatment based on both sexual orientation and gender identity. India does not have detailed laws which protect against most unfair treatment and harassment in private jobs. (Such laws exist for sexual harassment though.) Article 15 only covers unfair treatment by government bodies.

In 2019, the "Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill, 2019" was accepted. The law bans unfair treatment against transgender people in private jobs, education and healthcare.

LGBT activists are reaching out to people who have faced unfair treatment (because of their sexual orientation or gender identity) in private jobs or other non-governmental areas. They are asking such people to question the two rulings in court. They are also fighting for a clear law against unfair treatment. Such a law would also cover private unfair treatment.

LGBT people are banned from working in the Indian military. In December 2018, Member of Parliament Jagdambika Pal (BJP) asked the Indian Parliament to change the "Army Act, 1950", the "Navy Act, 1957" and the "Air Force Act, 1950". His advised change would allow LGBT people to work in the military.

Actor Kamal Rashid Khan was booked by the police on December 9, 2018 for making rude comments against LGBT people.

In February 2014, the Indian Psychiatric Society (IPS) said that homosexuality is not unnatural. It also said that neither science nor rules for psychiatry could prove that homosexuality is a mental illness or a disease. 

In June 2018, the IPS repeated its stand on the issue. It said that we should not disapprove of people who are not heterosexual, punish them, or remove them from the society.

Even after this, conversion treatments still happen in India. They usually carry out electroshock treatment (which may cause memory loss), hypnosis, drugs causing nausea, or talk therapy. In talk therapy, the person is told that homosexuality happens because they are "not asserting enough" or have "an uncaring father and a strict mother". Conversion treatments can cause depression, anxiety, seizures, drug use and suicidal tendencies.

In July 2019, lawmaker K. T. S. Tulsi introduced the "Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill, 2018" in the Rajya Sabha to amend the Indian Penal Code, the Criminal Procedure Code and the "Indian Evidence Act, 1872" in order to make sexual crimes gender-neutral by including men and transgender people in addition to women. If passed the bill allows for recognition of not only transgender persons defined as the "other" gender under Indian law, but would potentially leave the door open for the recognition of other gender identities.

Problems of intersex people in India are seen as problems of third gender people. The most well-known third gender groups in India are the "hijras". After talking to "hijras" for many years, Serena Nanda wrote a book called "Neither Man Nor Woman: The hijras of India". In the book, she wrote that people in India believed that hijras were born as intersex persons and were taken away by the hijra community at birth or in childhood. However, she found no proof for this belief among the hijras whom she met. They had all joined the group on their own whenthey were teenagers. Sangam literature uses the word "pedi" for people who are born intersex. Other groups in India call intersex people as "mabedi usili" and give them special names.

Intersex persons are not protected from attacks on to their bodies.

Cases where small intersex children have been killed have been reported. Medical reports say that parents in India usually think of small intersex children to be male. Parents choose to have surgery done on children if they can pay for it.

The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, India, answered a letter from an activist for intersex rights, Gopi Shankar Madurai. In the answer, they wrote that any surgery, even operations to change sex, are done only after testing the patient completely, designing a proper treatment asking the patient/guardian".

Indian passports are available with an "O" option (for "Other") to name one's sex, apart from Male and Female options.

On 22 April 2019, the Madras High Court made an important judgement. The judgement said that transgender women were allowed to marry. The judgement ordered the state of Tamil Nadu to ban surgeries on small intersex children based on their sex. The court looked at the works of intersex activist Gopi Shankar. The Court found out that compulsory treatments were often done on intersex children. The court also gave examples from Hindu mythology in its judgement, like the story of Iravan.

Many Indian sports-persons have been shamed and treated unfairly after their sex was checked. They have also lost work and their medals. Santhi Soundarajan was a runner who won the silver medal in the 800 metres race at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar. Her medal was taken away from her and she tried to kill herself later. Another runner, Pinki Pramanik, was blamed by a female roommate of rape. She was later tested and named male, though she and other medical experts do not agree. Yet another Indian runner, Dutee Chand, won a case against the IAAF in 2015. This case helped women runners with more testosterone in their bodies to participate as women because there is no clear proof that testosterone benefits performance. In 2016, some sports doctors said that runners born with a problem of sex development who were raised as females should be allowed to participate as women.

Gopi Shankar Madurai was one of the youngest candidate to run in an Indian election. He was also the first openly intersex and genderqueer candidate. He ran for a seat in the 2016 Tamil Nadu elections.

What people think about LGBT rights in India is difficult to answer. According to a 2016 poll by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, 35% of Indian people wanted to make same-sex marriage legal. 35% id not want same-sex marriage to be legal. A survey by the Varkey Foundation found that 18-21 year olds supported same-sex marriage more than others.

According to a 2017 poll carried out by ILGA, 58% of Indians agreed that gay, lesbian and bisexual people should have the same rights as straight people. 30% Indians disagreed. Additionally, 59% agreed that they should be protected from unfair treatment at the workplace. But 39% of Indians said that people who are in same-sex relationships should be considered criminals (44% people disagreed with this). 66% people agreed that transgender people should have the same rights as others, 62% believed they should be protected from unfair treatment at work and 60% believed they should be allowed to change their gender before law.

Top government institutes, such as IITs, accept LGBT people more. According to a poll conducted at IIT Delhi in 2015, 72% of respondents agreed that "being homosexual is normal as being heterosexual". Many IITs have their own LGBT clubs, like "Saathi" (English: Friend) at IIT Bombay, "" at IIT Delhi, "Ambar" at IIT Kharagpur, "Unmukt" at IIT Kanpur and more.

According to a 2019 survey, the Indian states/union territories which accepted the LGBT community most were Uttar Pradesh (36%), followed by Tamil Nadu (30%) and Delhi (30%). The states which showed accepted same-sex relationships least were Mizoram (87%), followed by Nagaland (63%), Jammu and Kashmir (63%) and Kerala (58%). The states with the most undecided respondents were West Bengal (60%), followed by Assam (40%), Punjab (39%) and Tripura (37%). The Hindu community accepted same-sex relationships the most. Christian respondents opposed same sex-relationships most(70%), followed by Muslims (50%) and both Hindus and Sikhs at 40%.

She (TV series)

She is an Indian crime drama based web television series created and written by Imtiaz Ali & author Divya Johry. "She" is directed by Arif Ali and Avinash Das and Window Seat Films production house. This series is starring Aaditi Pohankar, Vijay Varma and Vishwas Kini. It is a story of female constable who goes undercover to bust an underworld gang . "She" was premiered on Netflix on 20 March, 2020 .

It is a story of female constable (Bhumika Pardeshi) from Indian Police who has been inducted in the Anti Narcotics Group to fight a major drug lord.

Police officer Bhumi goes undercover as a prostitute to bust a drug cartel leader, but when the operation goes awry, she makes an unexpected discovery.

A visit from Bhumi's estranged husband angers her rebellious sister. Sasya agrees to cooperate in a police interrogation - on one condition.

In the wake of an unexpected complication, Fernandez doubts Sasya's loyalty. Caught off guard by a suspicious Nayak, Bhumi drops her own bombshell.

With Nayak now in Mumbai, Bhumi is moved to a hotel under police surveillance, but her first encounter with the kingpin takes the team by surprise.

After going to dangerous lengths to prove herself, Bhumi is recruited into Fernandez's department, and begins to prepare for her risky new role.

The team doubts Bhumi's mettle after Sasya manages to rattle her. Fernandez pushes to keep her as an undercover agent in a plan to nab Sasya's boss.

Newly emboldened, Bhumi seduces an unlikely target. Ahead of Nayak's arrival in Mumbai, Sasya attempts to gain police trust as an informant.


https://www.netflix.com/title/81183494

Andrew Stanton

Andrew Christopher Stanton (born December 3, 1965) is an American movie director, producer, screenwriter and voice actor. He began working at Pixar in 1990.

Anse la Raye Quarter

Anse la Raye is a Quarter on the west coast of Saint Lucia in the Caribbean Sea. The capital is Anse-la-Raye.

Castries Quarter

Castries is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Castries.

Choiseul Quarter

Choiseul is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. It is on the southwestern side of the Caribbean island. The capital is Choiseul.

Dauphin Quarter

Dauphin is a Quarter on the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia. The capital is Dauphin.

Dennery Quarter

Dennery is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Dennery.

Gros Islet Quarter

Gros Islet is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Gros Islet.

It is the location of the Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium where both One Day International and Test Cricket is played. Parts of the 2007 Cricket World Cup and 2010 ICC World Twenty20 were played there.

Laborie Quarter

Laborie is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Laborie.

Micoud Quarter

Micoud is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Micoud.

Praslin Quarter

Praslin is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. It is in the eastern part of the Caribbean Sea. The capital is Praslin.

Soufrière Quarter

Soufrière is a Quarter in Saint Lucia. The capital is Soufrière.

Delano, California

Delano is a city in Kern County, California, United States. It lies at an elevation of .

Vieux Fort Quarter

Vieux Fort is a Quarter in the southern part of St. Lucia. The capital is Vieux Fort. Hewanorra International Airport is in Vieux Fort Quarter.

Atauro

Atauro in an island of East Timor. It is about 25 km long and 9 km wide, about 140.1 km in area. It had 9,274 people living there at the 2015 Census. The nearest island is the Indonesian island of Liran, 12 km to the northeast.

At 999 m above sea level, Mount Manucoco is the island's highest point.

The island is administratively divided into five "suco"s, each surrounding a village: 

Jaco

Jaco may refer to:




"Jaco" is a common Afrikaans form of Jacob and James. Some of the better known people with this name include:


Jaco Island

Jaco Island is an island in East Timor. No people live there. It is within Nino Konis Santana National Park. The Banda Sea and Timor Sea meet at the island.

Jaco, West Virginia

Jaco is an unincorporated community in Monongalia County, West Virginia.

Oecusse

Oecusse is a Special Administrative Region of East Timor. The capital is Pante Macassar. Oecusse is separated from the rest of East Timor by West Timor.

The province of Nusa Tenggara Timur, Indonesia surrounds Oecusse in all directions except the north, where it borders the Savu Sea.

Oecusse is divided into four administrative posts (formerly sub-districts):

The administrative posts are divided into 18 sucos ("villages") in total.

Habiba Msika

Habiba Msika, also spelled Messika (حبيبة مسيكة), (born 1903 Testour – February 21, 1930 Tunis), was a Tunisian singer, dancer and actress. Born Marguerite Msika, she was the niece of singer Leïla Sfez.

 

Municipalities of East Timor

East Timor is divided into 13 municipalities (former districts), and one Special Administrative Region (Oecusse). The municipalities are divided into administrative posts (former subdistricts), and further subdivided into sucos.

The borders of the municipalities have been changed several times. The municipality of Atauro was founded on 1 January 2022.

Camano Island

Camano Island is a large island in Possession Sound, a section of Puget Sound. It is part of Island County, Washington, and is located between Whidbey Island and the mainland (Snohomish County).

The island has a total area of , making it one of the largest in the state of Washington. It has a year-round population of 15,661 as of the 2010 census. It is an unincorporated area with several small communities.

Camano Island is home to two state parks, Cama Beach and Camano Island State Park, and several county and local parks.

Island County, Washington

Island County is a county located in the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2020 census, its population was 86,857. Its county seat is Coupeville, while its largest city is Oak Harbor.

Coupeville, Washington

Coupeville is a town on Whidbey Island, in Island County, Washington, United States. It is the county seat of Island County. The population was 1,831 at the 2010 census.

Oak Harbor, Washington

Oak Harbor is a city located on Whidbey Island in Island County, Washington, United States. The population was 22,075 at the 2010 census.

Alojz Uran

Alojz Uran or Alojzij Uran (22 January 1945 – 11 April 2020) was a Slovenian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Ljubljana from 4 December 2004 till 28 November 2009. He resigned because of health problems. He was born in Ljubljana.

On 16 December 1992, Uran was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Ljubljana and Titular Bishop of "Abula". 

Uran died on 11 April 2020 in Ljubljana at the age of 75.

Kristin Jacobs

Kristin Diane Jacobs (October 17, 1959 – April 11, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 2014 until her death in 2020. She represented the 96th District. She was Mayor of Broward County from 2004 to 2005 and again from 2012 to 2013. Jacobs was born in San Diego, California.

Jacobs died on April 11, 2020 in Coconut Creek, Florida of colon cancer at the age of 60.

Colby Cave

Colby Cave (December 26, 1994 – April 11, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Boston Bruins and Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). His career lasted from 2015 until his death in 2020. He was born in North Battleford, Saskatchewan, Canada.

Cave had a brain bleed caused by a cyst on April 6–7, 2020. He had emergency surgery on April 7 in Toronto. He died while under a medically induced coma in the early hours of April 11, aged 25.

Dunfermline, Illinois

Dunfermline is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Jymie Merritt

Jymie Merritt (May 3, 1926 – April 10, 2020) was an American jazz bassist, bandleader and composer. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

In the early 1950s he toured with rock and roll musicians Bullmoose Jackson and Chris Powell moving on to work with bluesman BB King from 1955 to 1957. From 1965 to 1968, Merritt worked with the drummer, composer and activist Max Roach. In 1962, Merritt formed and fronted the Forerunners in Philadelphia.

Merritt died on April 10, 2020 of liver cancer in Philadelphia, aged 93.

Grantsville, West Virginia

Grantsville is a town in and the county seat of Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. As of 2020, 494 people live in Grantsville.

Garfield County, Washington

Garfield County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Pomeroy. At the 2020 census, 2,286 people lived there, which makes it the least populous county in Washington; with about , it is also the least densely populated county in Washington.

Mateur

Mateur ( "") is a town in northern Tunisia, located 66 kilometers northwest of Tunis. Located in the southwest of the governorate of Bizerte, Mateur is the capital of a delegation with 47,562 inhabitants while the city itself had 34,010 inhabitants in 2014.

Rifat Chadirji

Rifat Chadirji ( "Rifa’a al-Khādarjī", also Romanized "Rifa'at Al Chaderchi"; December 6, 1926 – April 10, 2020) was an Iraqi architect, photographer, author and activist. He was born in Baghdad, Iraq. He was often seen as the father of modern Iraqi architecture. He designed more than 100 buildings across the country. His best known work was the The Monument to the Unknown Soldier in Baghdad.

Chadriji died from COVID-19 in London on April 10, 2020, at the age of 93.

Gribbohm

Gribbohm is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Palling

Palling is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Tomb of the Unknown Soldier (Arlington)

The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier or the Tomb of the Unknowns is a monument dedicated to dead U.S. service members whose remains have not been identified. It is located in Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, United States.

The World War I "Unknown" is a recipient of the Medal of Honor, the Victoria Cross, and several other foreign nations' highest service awards. The U.S. Unknowns who were buried are also recipients of the Medal of Honor, presented by U.S. Presidents who went to their funerals.

The monument has no officially designated name.

The Monument to the Unknown Soldier

The Monument to the Unknown Soldier () is a monument in central Baghdad built by Italian architect, Marcello D'Olivo, based on a concept by Iraqi sculptor, Khaled al-Rahal. It was constructed between 1979 and 1982. 

It was dedicated to the martyrs of the Iran–Iraq War. 

In 1986 the national square of Iraq, Great Celebrations square, was built near the monument, and two other monuments were built close to the square in memory of the matyrs. 

In 1983, the Al-Shaheed Monument on the River, was opened and in 1989 the newly built Victory Arch became the entrances to the square. The monument also has an underground museum.


Tunisian Arabic

Tunisian Arabic, or simply Tunisian, is a set of dialects of Maghrebi Arabic spoken in Tunisia. It is known among its over 11 million speakers "Tounsi" , "Tunisian" or "everyday language" to distinguish it from Modern Standard Arabic, the official language of Tunisia.


Bell, Mayen-Koblenz

Bell is a municipality of the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,309 people lived there.


Peter Ecklund

Peter Ecklund (September 27, 1945 – April 8, 2020) was an American jazz cornetist. He was born in Woodbridge, Connecticut. In 1967, Ecklund received a degree from Yale University. He went on tour with singer Paula Lockheart. He started a jazz band and worked with many pop and rock bands in the 1970s and 1980s. He became a substitute for the Nighthawks Orchestra led by Vince Giordano. He was a member of the Orphan Newboys led by Marty Grosz.

Ecklund died on April 8, 2020 from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 74.

Woodbridge, Connecticut

Woodbridge is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 9,087 at the 2020 census.

Lars-Eric Lundvall

Lars-Eric Lundvall (3 April 1934 – 8 April 2020) was a Swedish ice hockey player and coach. Between 1956 and 1965 he played 195 international matches and scored 79 goals. He played for the national team and for Frölunda. He won the world championship in 1962 and a silver medal during the 1964 Winter Olympics.

Lundvall died on 8 April 2020 at the age of 86.

Francesco La Rosa

Francesco La Rosa (; 9 December 1926 – 8 April 2020) was an Italian footballer. He played as a forward. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He played for the national team in 1952.

Rosa was born in Messina, Italy. died on 8 April 2020 in Milan of COVID-19 at the age of 93.


Jim Bolger (baseball)

James Cyril Bolger (February 23, 1932 - April 9, 2020) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He appeared in 312 games over all or parts of seven Major League Baseball (MLB) seasons. He played for the Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds, Cleveland Indians and Philadelphia Phillies. 

Bolger died on April 9, 2020 at the age of 88.

Lawson (store)

Lawson, Inc is a chain of convenience stores that is in Japan. It can also be found in other Asian countries, like Thailand, China, the Philippines, South Korea and Indonesia. There are only two stores in the United States. Both of these stores are in Hawaii. Lawson is the third biggest chain of convenience stores in Japan. 7-Eleven is the biggest chain and FamilyMart is the second biggest. Lawson has more than 11,000 stores.

Lawson was started in the United States in 1939 in the state of Ohio.

Local extinction

Local extinction, or extirpation, is when a species or other taxon becomes extinct in a certain area. This is different from being extinct across the world (global extinction) because these species still exist outside of that area. Sometimes when this happens, it can have a very large effect on how the ecosystem works. This might be because that species was important in the food web. The species disappearing might cause more species to go locally extinct or the balance of biomass to change.

There have been many cases when species have been added back, or reintroduced, to that area after going locally extinct. If a species is reintroduced after a long amount of time, this might mean there will be larger effects on the ecology of that area. An example of a species being reintroduced are grey wolves in Yellowstone National Park.

Liu Dehai

Liu Dehai (; 13 August 1937 – 11 April 2020) was a Chinese pipa player. He was born in Shanghai. 

Liu studied and began played at the Central Conservatory of Music. He became a professor there in 1957. In 1964 he was transferred to the China Conservatory of Music. He also performed for the Boston Symphony Orchestra. His works include "Little Sisters on the Grassland" (, pipa concerto), "Music at Sunset Time" (, symphonic poem for a pipa player and a symphony orchestra) and other pieces.

Liu died on 11 April 2020 in Beijing at the age of 82.

Peeps

Peeps are marshmallows sold in the United States and Canada. They are shaped like ducks, bunnies, and other animals. There are also different shapes used for many holidays. 

Peeps are used to fill Easter baskets. In recent years, they have been advertised as "Peeps - Always in Season". They are now used to celebrate Halloween, Christmas and Valentine's Day. 

They are made from sugar, corn syrup, gelatin, various food dyes (never blue dye), and a pinch of salt.

Charlotte Le Bon

Charlotte Le Bon (born 4 September 1986) is a Canadian actress and artist. She is known for her work in the Canal+ talk show "Le Grand Journal", and the movies "Yves Saint Laurent", "The Hundred-Foot Journey", and "The Walk". She is among the 10 youngest promising French directors of the year 2023 in New York magazine "Elucid magazine"


Caitlin Gerard

Caitlin Beverly Gerard (born July 26, 1988) is an American actress. She had a leading role in the first season of the drama series "American Crime" (2015). She starred as Ashleigh in the 2010 drama "The Social Network" and as Ashley in 2012 horror movie "Smiley".

Gerard was born in Los Angeles, California.


Aileu Municipality

Aileu is a municipality of East Timor. The municipality's capital is also named Aileu. 

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

Ainaro Municipality

Ainaro is a municipality of East Timor. Its capital is the city of Ainaro.

Ainaro has the highest point in East Timor, Mount Ramelau (2,960 m).

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

Bobonaro Municipality

Bobonaro Municipality is a municipality in East Timor. The capital city is Maliana.

The Savu Sea is to the north of Bobonaro.

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

The administrative posts are divided into 50 sucos ("villages") in total.

Cova Lima Municipality

Cova Lima is a municipality in East Timor. The capital of the municipality is Suai.

Cova Lima borders the Timor Sea to the south.

The administrative posts of Cova Lima are:

Ermera Municipality

Ermera is one of the municipalities of East Timor. Its capital is Gleno.

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

The administrative posts are divided into 52 sucos ("villages") in total.

Lautém Municipality

Lautém is one of the municipalities of East Timor. Its capital is Lospalos.

To the north lies the Banda Sea, and to the south the Timor Sea. Lautém includes the small island of Jaco.

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

Liquiçá Municipality

Liquiçá is one of the municipalities (formerly districts) of East Timor. Its capital is also named Liquiçá.

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

The administrative posts are divided into 23 sucos ("villages") in total.

Chynna Rogers

Chynna Marie Rogers (August 19, 1994 – April 8, 2020), known mononymously as Chynna, was an American rapper. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Rogers worked with the hip hop group ASAP Mob.

Rogers released the singles "Selfie" (2013) and "Glen Coco" (2014). These were followed by her first EP 'I'm not Here. This isn't happening' (2015), Music 2 die 2 (2016). Her final EP 'In case I die first' was released in 2019.

Rogers was found dead on April 8, 2020, of an accidental drug overdose in Philadelphia, aged 25.

Amroha

Amroha is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Amroha is located north-west of Moradabad city. As per Census 2011 India, the population of the city is 198,471 out of 103,097 are males and 95,374 are females.

Amroha is known for the production of different types of mangoes. Some of the industries in Amroha includes sugar milling, cotton & textiles, hand-loom weaving and pottery making.

List of underwater museums

An underwater museum is a museum that is made, designated or put underwater, in particular, in a natural body of water. The category includes naturally or historically occurring settings that have been designated museums. These museums can be visited by glass-bottomed boats, snorkeling, or scuba diving, depending on the site. This list includes "preserves," which legally protect submerged ships or other items.























Saharanpur

Saharanpur is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of Saharanpur district.

Saharanpur is declared as one of the 100 Smart Cities in India by Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs as a part of Smart Cities Mission.

RWBY

RWBY (pronounced "Ruby") is an American anime web series created by Monty Oum for Rooster Teeth. It follows four girls who live in the supernatural world of Remnant and fight monsters called Grimm. Eight seasons have been uploaded on Rooster Teeth's website. A Japanese dub of "RWBY" is distributed in Japan by Warner Bros. and airs on Japanese TV, making it the first American-made anime be shown on in Japan.

Chung Sye-kyun

Chung Sye-kyun (; born 5 November 1950) is a South Korean politician. He was the 42nd Prime Minister of South Korea from January 2020 until April 2021. From 2016 to 2018, he was Speaker of the National Assembly of South Korea.

National Assembly (South Korea)

The National Assembly of the Republic of Korea, often shortened to the National Assembly, is the 300-member unicameral national legislature of South Korea. Elections to the National Assembly are held every four years. 

The latest legislative elections were held on 15 April 2020. It is made up of 253 of the assembly's seats, while the remaining 47 are picked by proportional representation. Members serve four-year terms.

Speaker of the National Assembly of South Korea

The Speaker of the National Assembly () is the presiding officer of the National Assembly of South Korea.

Moon Hee-sang

Moon Hee-sang (Korean: 문희상; Hanja: 文喜相; born 3 March 1945) is a South Korean politician. He is a member of the National Assembly and was the interim leader of New Politics Alliance for Democracy from 2014 to 2015.

On 13 July 2018, he was elected as the new Speaker of the National Assembly.


John A. Rocco

John A. Rocco (June 25, 1936 – April 8, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1980 to 1998. He represented the 6th Legislative District. Rocco also was Mayor of Cherry Hill, New Jersey from 1975 to 1977. Rocco was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Rocco died on April 8, 2020 in Voorhees Township, New Jersey of respiratory failure at the age of 83.

Thotsakan Game

The Thotsakan Game (เกมทศกัณฐ์ in Thai, named for the 10-faced of Ravan, giant in the Ramayana story) is a Thai game show produced by Workpoint Entertainment. It was the 2003 runner-up, and the 2005 winner, of the "best game or quiz show on Asian television" award.

In the original format, a contestant was shown 10 faces. They have to name them all in order to win 10 million baht. It was the first game show to have a ten million baht jackpot, the highest at the time.
The show has won a number of awards from many institutions in Thailand and Asia, including runner-up and highly commended of best game or quiz programme in the Asian Television Awards of 2003 and 2005, respectively.
In the one-on-one game, a player tries to score as many points as possible by telling the name of the given face within one minute. The game continues as far as player gives correct answers, then the other contestant starts. The minimum prize is one million baht when one month later the prize will be add another million until maximum prize of 10 million. Later, the jackpot was fixed at 10 million.





Singha

Singha (; ) is a beer brand. It is manufactured in Thailand by the Singha Corporation Co. Ltd.. Singha corp is a subsidiary of its parent company, Boon Rawd Brewery.

Praya Bhirom Bhakdi received a license to brew beer from the Thai government. In May 1933, construction of a brewery began. Boon Rawd Brewery was founded on 4 August 1933. In March 1934, production was started. Three beers were brewed: Golden Kite, Singha, and Stupa.

A royal warrant was bestowed on 25 October 1939. Boon Rawd is the only brewery permitted to display the royal Garuda. The Singha is a powerful mythological lion, found in ancient South Asian and Thai mythology.

Boon Rawd bought two German breweries at Hartmannsdorf and Mittweida, Saxony in 1994. Some Singha beer is brewed in Germany by Schlossbrauerei Au-Hallertau under licence from Singha Corporation Co., Ltd..

Beginning in September 2007, a 5.0% (abv) version of Singha replaced the 6.0% (abv) original. This new version, while still brewed in Thailand by Pathum Thani Brewery Co. Ltd., states on its label to have been brewed under the supervision of Singha Corporation Co. Ltd., instead of Boon Rawd.

From 2013, some Singha beer has reportedly been produced at Carlsberg's Russian plant for distribution in some markets. Singha is also said to use eight Carlsberg plants in Asia for production, as part of an agreement to share each other's production facilities and markets.

Singha Corporation, established in 2001, is a subsidiary of Boon Rawd Brewery, tasked with managing of all of Boon Rawd's 150-plus subsidiary companies. It reports directly to Boon Rawd's board of directors.

Besides Singha beer, the company manufactures Singha Light, Leo beer, U Beer, bottled and soda water, and packaged foods.

In 2017, Singha Corporation sold 1.32 billion litres of Singha, Leo, and U Beer and retained a 62 percent market share in Thailand. The firm intends to sell 1.4 billion litres in 2018 and up its market share to 65 percent.

Singha was the title sponsor of Francesco Cantando's Formula 1 Powerboat team from the mid-1990s up until the end of the 2013 season, making it one of the longest partnerships in the history of the sport. For 2014, Motorglass.it replaced Singha as Cantando's team's new title sponsor.

In 2010, Singha formed a four-year partnership with Premier League football club Chelsea. The company already had a similar partnership with Manchester United.

In the 2010 Formula One season, Singha's logo was seen on the Red Bull Racing team's livery.

In 2014, Singha became the first Official Beer of the FIM MotoGP™ World Championship and official sponsor of the Professional Darts Corporation Grand Slam of Darts.

In 2015, Singha became a personal sponsor of Formula One driver Kimi Räikkönen.

In 2018 Singha became an official partner of ROK Cup International Final.- karting CIK Homologated international competition organized by Vortex Engines (VORTON Srl.)

In 2018 Singha became the official sponsor of Oxford United Football Club.

Singha is a title sponsor the Alfa Romeo Formula One team for the 2019 Formula One World Championship Season.


Muhiuddin Khan

Maulana Muhiuddin Khan (; April 19, 1935, Pakundia – June 25, 2016, Kishoreganj), known also as Muhiuddin Khan of the Quran, was a Bangladeshi Muslim politician, scholar and author who wrote numerous books on Islam in Bengali and also noted for the famous Bengali translation of the Quran through the Maariful Quran. He was major in Bengali, Urdu, Persian and Arabic.

He translated for the first time tafseer Maariful Quran into Bengali.

Zohurul Hoque

Zohurul Hoque (Bengali: জহুুুুুুুুুুুুরুুল হক; Assamese: জহৰুুুুুুুুুুুুুুুুল হক; October 11, 1926 - January 18, 2017), was an Indian Muslim figure from Assam who is the only figure noted for the translation of the Quran in three languages, which were Bengali, Assamese and English. Along with the translation by Muhiuddin Khan, his Bengali translation of the Quran is one of the most used, but it is not famous in terms of built-up structure of the translation of the certain verses in the Quran, unlike Muhiuddin Khan who did.

Trial in absentia

Trial in absentia (literally "in absence" in the Latin language) means a person is held responsible for a crime and tried although he or she is not present during the proceedings. It may be because the person is at an unknown location or has escaped justice, for example after paying bail and then refused to return to the court on the date set anyway, or because the person may not be even alive (a famous case is Martin Bormann, who most likely died in May 1945 and was sentenced to death in November 1946, as part of the Nuremberg Trials). It is controversial, especially if a person is convicted and sentenced to a hard punishment, because the basic premise of a trial is thus violated, and everyone has a right to defend oneself. Others point out, however, that this right is waived when one doesn't show up without a good reason and that the court must make its best, through appointing a defender for instance, to determine guilt or innocence even if the person is not present. Most defendants make their case through a defender anyway, especially when the crime is serious. 

Another case is when a court or committee must determine whether a person, such as a suspected terrorist, is going to be surveilled or wire-tapped, and whether there is enough suspicion of criminal activity or intent to do so. In that case, the person himself can of course not be asked to appear, as the idea is to hold the surveillance secret. In that case, a defender is appointed to make the case that the suspected person does not want to and does not deserve to be subjected to surveillance and that it should not be permitted, although he/she doesn't know of the proceedings. Most of such hearings, however, are not a trial in the technical sense of the term, though they may involve a judge and lawyer and so on.

Letter bomb

A letter bomb is a bomb concealed within a letter or package, which is then sent or left for the recipient to find, typically with his or her name and address on, to be opened and then exploded, or exploded within a certain time.

The first known case of a "modern" letter bomb was the Swedish bombmaker Martin Ekenberg in August 1904. He built a bomb and sent it to a factory owner in Stockholm called Karl Fredrik Lundin. The bomb exploded but nobody was seriously injured. He sent a total of four bombs until 1907 before he was discovered.

There had been many injuries caused by letter bombs. A very famous letter bombmaker is Ted Kaczynski, the so-called "Unabomber", who sent a series of letter bombs between 1978 and 1995, killing three people (all men) and injuring 23. One package, however, exploded onboard an airplane, which could have killed all the passengers and personnel, but it only caused an emergency landing. He stopped sending bombs after the New York Times accepted to publish a text he had written called "Industrial Society and its Future".

Unfortunately for him, his brother recognised the writing style and alerted the police, which ultimately captured Kaczynski and he was sentenced to life imprisonment. The bombs were very well made and had no evidence from the sender, but typically of letter bombs, they are too small to case significant damage, and in most cases did not even kill the person who opened the package (this was also the case with Ekenberg, who failed to kill a single person). For this reason, and because most important government departments X-rays packages, the method is not very efficient.

Another

Several government agencies have used letter bombs to target persons outside their jurisdiction. One victim of a letter bomb was German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who was sent a letter bomb by the so-called Stern gang and Israeli politician (and later Prime Minister) Menachem Begin in the 1950s.

Begin's reasons, as he explained, was that Adenauer and all Germans were responsible for the deaths of millions of Jews during the Holocaust, although Adenauer had been imprisoned by the Nazi regime which committed these crimes. The same group also sent several bombs to US President Harry S. Truman. The South African apartheid regime used letter bombs, including to activist Ruth First, who died when opening one in 1982.

Drancy internment camp

Drancy internment camp was a concentration camp in France during its occupation by Nazi Germany during World War II. It was organised in 1941 to collect French Jews and particularly foreign Jews who had escaped to France before the invasion by the Germans. After that, they were put on railroad carts and sent east, to concentration camps, from which most did not return alive. Nearly 70,000 people were rounded up, including resistance fighters, Roma people, and others considered "undesirable". Until 1943, the camp was administered by French police under German supervision. After this, the French were removed and replaced by German SS men led by Alois Brunner, which increased the efficiency of the deportations. 

When the camp was liberated in 1944, about 1,500 people remained. Brunner was later tried (in absence) and sentenced to death, but remained at large until his death in 2010.

History of the Jews in Europe

Jews have lived in Europe for thousands of years, and their dispersal and relations with governing authorities and peoples have changed greatly. In the Roman Republic and Roman Empire, there was a Jewish minority which had varying rights and relations with the Romans. After the Roman-Jewish wars in the first and second centuries and the destruction of the Temple, Jews were expelled from Palestine, which greatly increased their numbers in Europe (and North Africa and Asia). In the Middle Ages, with the spread of Christianity and Christian anti-Semitism, conditions were generally bad. Jews were often separated from Christians. They were not allowed in some jobs . They were made to live in particular parts of cities, called ghettos. They were allowed to do certain jobs that Christians were not allowed to, such as lending money to people for interest, which was considered bad for Christians. This made some Jews wealthy but also increased persecutions. 

Jews were eventually welcomed in Poland, whose king declared the Statute of Kalisz to protect them. Ashkenazi Jews lived in Eastern Europe. Sephardi Jews lived In Spain and Portugal. Under Muslim rule, the so-called Al Andalus period, Jews were generally accepted although they could not take part in the government. After Christian rule was re-established on the Iberian peninsula, Jews were rejected and persecuted if they stayed. Some sought refuge in the Ottoman Empire, which was then relatively tolerant to Jews and Christians and allowed them to have their own courts and laws, as long as they payed taxes and did not resist Ottoman rule. 

After the Renaissance and the Early Modern Period, Jews were integrated increasingly and permitted to live openly as Jews in more and more countries. After the French Revolution, France and other European countries affected by French rule through Napoleon I introduced secular laws aimed at abolishing religion in the public sphere and treating Jews more openly as citizens. Jews began to discard their religion by becoming Christians, like British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli's father, Isaac d'Israeli. Many European countries had restrictions on Jews until the 19th and 20th centuries such as banning them from certain professions or holding public offices. Many Jews became prominent scientists or public intellectuals such as Karl Marx, Sigmund Freud and Albert Einstein. 
Some emigrated to the United States and other American countries, including Argentina, which to this day has a large Jewish community. Eventually, the United States gathered the largest Jewish population outside of the Russian Empire. After Poland became an independent country again after the Treaty of Versailles, it had the largest Jewish population in Europe, with about 3,000,000 Jews. The Soviet Union, which came about in 1922, had nearly as many. With Adolf Hitler's rise to power in Germany, there was again increased emigration, to the Western European countries and to the United States, supported by the Germans who did not want Jews in German-governed territory. More Jews emigrated to Palestine, which had been taken from the Ottoman Turks by the United Kingdom in 1917, to establish a Jewish homeland for Jews. Hitler temporarily supported this migration, but the British were sceptic, as the greater number of Jews meant conflicts with the local Arabs, who resisted Jewish immigration, and several bloody rebellions were fought between them and the British troops in the region. With World War II, the Nazi-controlled German armies occupied most of Europe and started to deport Jews east, eventually adopting a policy of mass murder known as the Holocaust. After 1942, all Jews under German control (with very few exceptions) would be sent to Eastern Europe and killed or worked to death. In the end, before Nazi Germany's defeat in 1945, this killed about two thirds of the Jewish population in Europe. Only the Jewish communities of Albania, Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Portugal, Britain and Ireland were untouched, and those of Italy, Yugoslavia and Romania much less affected. Many remaining Jews migrated to the United States and Palestine, where Israel was created in 1948 as a Jewish-majority state, which resulted in Europe losing most of its Jewish population and the United States becoming the most Jewish country. Later persecution in Communist Poland and other countries led to more refugees. In Poland less than 3,000 remain today. In France, the United Kingdom and Russia, however, there are significant communities left comparable to before the war. 

Manatuto Municipality

Manatuto is one of the municipalities (formerly districts) of East Timor. The capital of the municipality is also named Manatuto.

To the north is the Strait of Wetar, to the south is the Timor Sea.

The municipality's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:


The administrative posts are divided into 31 sucos ("villages") in total.

Manufahi Municipality

Manufahi is one of the municipalities of East Timor. The capital of the municipality is Same.

Manufahi's administrative posts (formerly sub-districts) are:

Bolívar Province (Ecuador)

Bolívar is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Guaranda.

The province is divided into 7 cantons. The following table lists each with its population as of the 2010 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Shibuya

Shibuya is famous for its scramble crossing, which is called Shibuya Crossing.



Cañar Province

Cañar is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Azogues.

The province is divided into 7 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the time of the 2019 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Hédi Jouini

Hédi Jouini (; November 1909 – 30 November 1990) was a Tunisian singer, oud player, and composer. In his long career, Jouini composed close to 1,070 songs and 56 operettas. His songs are inspired by the Andalusian art of flamenco, and found great popularity in Tunisia and the countries of the Mashriq.

Carchi Province

Carchi is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Tulcán. The Carchi River forms the boundary between Colombia and Ecuador.

The province is divided into 6 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2019 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Leïla Sfez

Leïla Sfez (Arabic: ليلى سفاز), (born 1874 –1944 Tunisia), was a Jewish Tunisian singer and composer She is also the aunt of the famous Habiba Msika to whom she will pass on her musical education. Sh became a celebrated café-concert performer in Tunis in the 1920s. She sang music in both the "ma'luf" and "charqui" genres.

Feuchtwangen

Feuchtwangen (; East Franconian: "Feichtwang") is a city in Middle Franconia in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the district of Ansbach.

Feuchtwangen had about 12,000 inhabitants in 2022.

Central Province, Zambia

Central Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Kabwe.

Eastern Province, Zambia

Eastern Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Chipata.

Luapula Province

Luapula Province is a province in northern Zambia. The capital is Mansa. It is named after the Luapula River.

Lusaka Province

Lusaka Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Lusaka, which is also the national capital. It is the smallest province in Zambia, with an area of 21,896 km². It is also Zambia's most populated and most densely populated province, with a population of 2,191,225 and density of 100 persons per km² as of 2010.

The province is bordered by Zimbabwe and Mozambique, and separated by the Lower Zambezi National Park. Kenneth Kaunda International Airport (in Chongwe District) and Lusaka City Airport (in Lusaka) are the two airports in the province.

Northern Province, Zambia

Northern Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Kasama.

North-Western Province, Zambia

North-Western Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Solwezi. It is the most sparsely populated province in the country.

Southern Province, Zambia

Southern Province is a province in Zambia. The capital is Choma. Until 2011, the capital was Livingstone. Victoria Falls is located along that boundary.

Muchinga Province

Muchinga Province is a province in northeastern Zambia. The capital is Chinsali. It borders with Tanzania in the north, Malawi in the east, Eastern Province in the south, Central Province in the southwest, Luapula Province in the west, and Northern Province in the northwest.

TD Place Stadium

TD Place Stadium (originally Lansdowne Park and formerly Frank Clair Stadium) is a stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is the home to the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and Atlético Ottawa of the Canadian Premier League (CPL). It has a capacity for 24,000 people.

Dominique Dunne

Dominique Ellen Dunne (November 23, 1959 – November 3, 1982) was an American actress. She was born in Santa Monica, California. Her parents were Dominick Dunne and Ellen Griffin Dunne. She was best known for her role as Dana Freeling in the 1982 horror movie "Poltergeist".

On October 30, 1982, Dunne was strangled by her ex-boyfriend, John Thomas Sweeney, in the driveway of her Los Angeles home. She went into a coma and died five days later, aged 22. Sweeney was convicted of voluntary manslaughter in Dunne's death and went to prison for three and a half years.

Bad Hersfeld

Bad Hersfeld is the capital of the district Hersfeld-Rotenburg, in the state of Hesse in Germany. It is a well-known festival and spa town. Every summer, the "Bad Hersfelder Festspiele" (festival) are held here in 1951 at the monastery ruins. It is the largest Romanesque church ruin in Europe.


Helmut Krauss

Helmut Krauss (11 June 1941 – 26 August 2019) was a German voice actor.




Jane Carr

Jane Carr (born August 13, 1950) is a voice actor.




Teefa in Trouble

Teefa in Trouble is an Urdu language Pakistani movie, directed by Ahsan Rahim.

Potsdam Declaration

The Potsdam Declaration, or the Proclamation Defining Terms for Japanese Surrender, was a statement that called for the surrender of all Japanese armed forces during World War II. 

On July 26, 1945, United States President Harry S. Truman, United Kingdom Prime Minister Winston Churchill, and Chairman of China Chiang Kai-shek issued the document. It talked about the terms of surrender for the Empire of Japan. These terms were first talked about during the Potsdam Conference. 

The declaration said if Japan did not surrender, it would face "prompt and utter destruction."

M. C. Gainey

Michael Connor Gainey (born January 18, 1948) is an American actor whose distinctive mustache, 6'2" height, and intimidating appearance have landed him supporting roles as Southern or Southwestern thugs and criminals. He is known for playing a major role in the 1997 "Con Air" action movie.

Rob McElhenney

Robert McElhenney III (born April 14, 1977) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter. He is known for his role as Mac on the FX/FXX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". McElhenney is also known for his ownership of Wrexham A.F.C., a Welsh soccer club that plays in the English league system. He and fellow actor Ryan Reynolds purchased the club in 2021. Their ownership is the subject of the documentary TV series "Welcome to Wrexham", which is currently broadcast in the U.S. on FX.

List of prime ministers of Togo

This is a list of prime ministers of Togo since the creation of the job of Prime Minister in 1960, to the present day.

A total of twelve people have been Prime Minister of Togo.




Eugene Koffi Adoboli

Eugene Koffi Adoboli (born 3 October 1934) is a Togolese politician. He was Prime Minister of Togo from 21 May 1999 to 31 August 2000. 

In 2011 he was sentenced to five years in jail in absentia for corruption.

Chairperson of the African Union Commission

The Chairperson of the African Union Commission is the head of the African Union Commission. On January 30, 2017, it was announced that Chad's Moussa Faki would become the further Chairperson.

Central Africa

Central Africa is a region of the African continent. It is made up of Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Chad, Republic of Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Gabon, Equatorial Guinea, São Tomé and Príncipe, Central African Republic and Rwanda.


These countries are members of the Economic Community of Central African States (ECCAS). 

Moussa Faki

Moussa Faki Mahamat ( "", born 21 June 1960) is a Chadian politician and diplomat. He has been Chairperson of the African Union Commission since 14 March 2017. He was Prime Minister of Chad from 24 June 2003 to 4 February 2005 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from April 2008 to January 2017.

On 30 January 2017, he was elected as Chairperson of the African Union Commission.

Jean Ping

Jean Ping (; born 24 November 1942) is a Gabonese diplomat and politician.

He was the Minister of State and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and Francophonie of the Gabonese Republic from 1999 to 2008, and was President of the United Nations General Assembly from 2004 to 2005 and Chairperson of the Commission of the African Union from 2008 to 2012. 

Ping was a candidate in the 2016 Gabonese presidential election against the outgoing president Ali Bongo.

Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma

Nkosazana Clarice Dlamini-Zuma (born 27 January 1949), sometimes known by her initials NDZ, is a South African politician and anti-apartheid activist. She has been the Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs since May 2019 during the Cyril Ramaphosa presidency. She also had cabinet jobs during the presidencies of Nelson Mandela, Thabo Mbeki, Kgalema Motlanthe and Jacob Zuma (her ex-husband).

From 1982 to 1998, she was married to Jacob Zuma.

Edem Kodjo

Édouard Kodjovi Kodjo, better known as Edem Kodjo (May 23, 1938 – April 11, 2020), was a Togolese politician and diplomat. He was Secretary-General of the Organisation of African Unity from 1978 to 1983; later. He was Prime Minister from 1994 to 1996 and again from 2005 to 2006. 

Kodjo was President of the Patriotic Pan-African Convergence (CPP). 

Kodjo died on April 11, 2020, in Paris at the age of 81.

List of presidents of Togo

This is a list of presidents of Togo since the creation of the job of president in 1960, to the present day.


Emmanuel Bodjollé

Emmanuel Bodjollé (born 1928) is a Togolese politician. He was Chairman of the nine-member Insurrection Committee that overthrew the government of Togolese President Sylvanus Olympio on 13 January 1963. For two days in January 1963, he was the interim President of Togo.

Christian Poncelet

Christian Poncelet (24 March 1928 – 11 September 2020) was a conservative French politician. He was a member of President Nicolas Sarkozy's Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). He was President of the Senate from 1998 to 2008. He was Mayor of Remiremont (Vosges) and has been the President of the General Council of Vosges. From 1979 to 1980, he was a member of the European Parliament.

Poncelet was born in Blaise (now part of Vouziers) in the Ardennes. He died on 11 September 2020 in Remiremont, France at the age of 92.

Senate (France)

The Senate (; pronunciation: ) is the upper house of the French Parliament. It represents territorial collectivities of the Republic and French citizens living abroad. The Senate does not have as much power as the lower house, the directly elected National Assembly. Senators had been elected in thirds every three years; this was also changed to one half of their number every three years.

French Parliament

The French Parliament () is the bicameral legislature of the French Republic. It is made up of the Senate () and the National Assembly (). Each assembly has legislative meetings at different places in Paris: the for the Senate and the for the National Assembly.

The National Assembly has more power than the Senate.


Silversmith

A silversmith is a person who makes things out of the element silver or creates silverware. Silversmiths are similar to goldsmiths, who make things out of gold or things similar to gold. Silversmithing means making something out of silver. There have been silversmiths since ancient times.

Johannes van Knobelsdorff

Johannes van Knobelsdorff (19 September 1917 – 2 April 2020) was a Dutch politician. He was born in The Hague. He was mayor of Goedereede and Stellendam from 1947 to 1961. He was also Mayor of Sassenheim from 1961 to 1974. He was also Dijkgraaf.

Knobelsdorff died on 2 April 2020 at the age of 102.

Miguel Ángel Tábet

Miguel Ángel Tabet Balady (December 24, 1941 – April 7, 2020) was a Venezuelan theologian, Catholic priest, author, and exegete. He was born in Caracas, Venezuela. Tábet lived and worked in Rome, Italy. He was a professor of biblical hermeneutics, the study of the principles of the Bible, at the Pontifical University of the Holy Cross in Rome.

Tabet died from COVID-19 during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic in Rome, Italy, on April 7, 2020, at the age of 78.

Paul Gilissen

Paulus Petrus Maria “Paul” Gilissen (28 August 1934 – 9 April 2020) was a Dutch KVP and later CDA politician. Gilissen was born in Amsterdam. He was mayor of Valkenburg-Houthem from 1976 to 1982 and Valkenburg aan de Geul from 1982 to 1990 and again in 1991.

Gilissen died in Maastricht on 9 April 2020, aged 85. 

Bert van de Kamp

Bert van de Kamp (8 March 1947 – 9 April 2020) was a Dutch music journalist. He was known for his interviews with pop stars in the Dutch Muziekkrant OOR. He was born in Rotterdam. In 1972 van de Kamp won the prize: "Wordt Popjournalist en Vlieg naar Londen!".

From 1973 to 1977 he was writer of Muziekkrant OOR. He wrote about many music styles; of hardrock to singer-songwriters. From 1977 to 1980 he was correspondent in London for Muziekkrant OOR and the KRO radio and television magazine Studio. In 1995 he won the first .

Kamp died in Utrecht on 9 April 2020, aged 73.


Iris M. Zavala

Iris M. Zavala (27 December 1936 – 10 April 2020) was a Puerto Rican author, scholar, and poet. She had written over 50 works. Her best known work was ""Nocturna, mas no funesta"", built on and express this belief.

She was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico. In Spain she was a UNESCO fellow at the University Pompeu Fabra in Barcelona, and a Ramón LLul fellow at the University of Mallorca. She also taught at the University of Minnesota.

Zavala died from COVID-19 in Madrid during the 2020 coronavirus pandemic, at the age of 83.

Gus Rodríguez

Gustavo Rodríguez (May 27, 1960 – April 11, 2020) was an actor, screenwriter, producer, director, gamer, and video game journalist. He was born in Mexico City. He was a known person in video game journalism in Latin America. 

In December 1991, he founded one of the most important video game magazines in the region, "Club Nintendo". The magazine made more than 200 issues, publishing monthly until February 2019.

He dubbed roles in "Wreck It Ralph", "Shrek 2", "Ghostbusters", "Pixels" and "".

In 2019, Rodríguez was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died on April 11, 2020 of the disease in Mexico City, aged 59.

Tsvetan Teofanov

Tsvetan Teophanov (Bulgarian: Цветан Теофанов; born July 12, 1952), is a Bulgarian figure who has noted for the very first known and famous Bulgarian translation of the Quran, numerous Bulgarian Islamic religious books, and an Arabist. His rise causes his translation of the Quran the most used in the Balkans that was then known throughout the world.

He has a degree in Arabic Philology from the , and a specialization at the . He defended his doctoral (PhD) thesis at the Moscow Institute.

He lectures on Arabic literature, Quran and the Hadith (the science of the Prophet's tradition) as well on the phenomenology of prophecy. Doctor of Philology. He was the Dean of the Faculty of Classical and Modern Philology of Sofia University St. Kliment Ohridski, as well as the Deputy Dean, Director of the Centre of Oral Languages and Cultures and Head of the Department of Arabic and Semitology.

The rise of his Quran translation makes his translation the most used in the Balkans and the only translation of the Quran from the Balkans that was known throughout the world. His translation is also famous and authentic in built-up structure of certain verses. The country has much praised him for the Quran translation, and is more famous and authentic in built-up structure of certain verses.

Gregory W. Carman

Gregory Wright Carman (January 31, 1937 – April 5, 2020) was an American judge and politician. He was a United States Judge of the United States Court of International Trade from 1983 to 2014. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York from 1981 to 1983. 

Carman was born in Farmingdale, New York. He died on April 5, 2020 in Melville, New York, aged 83.

Farmingdale, New York

Farmingdale is an incorporated village on Long Island within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 8,466 at the 2020 Census.


Melville, New York

Melville is an affluent hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Huntington in Suffolk County on Long Island, New York, in the United States. The population was 19,284 at the 2020 census.

Carole Baskin

Carole Baskin ("née" Stairs Jones; born June 6, 1961) is an American animal rights activist. She is the owner of Big Cat Rescue.

Baskin became well known when she was featured in the 2020 Netflix documentary series "" about Oklahoma-based private zoo operator Joe Exotic. Following the series' release, Baskin has been targeted by Internet memes related to the disappearance of Don Lewis, her second husband.

Disappearance of Don Lewis

Jack Donald Lewis (April 30, 1938 – August 19, 2002) is an American missing person who disappeared on August 18, 1997, after leaving his home in Tampa, Florida. The investigation into his disappearance has led from Lewis's Wildlife on Easy Street sanctuary in Tampa, co-owned by his second wife Carole Baskin, to land owned by Lewis in Costa Rica.

No evidence of Lewis being killed has been found, but investigators believe it is unlikely that he disappeared on his own. Lewis left behind over $5 million. He was declared legally dead in 2002.

As of 2020, the case is still open. Lewis's disappearance was covered in 2020 crime documentary series "", which focused on a fight between Baskin and Joe Exotic.

The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has used the popularity of "Tiger King" to help investigate the disappearance. A theory is that his ex-wife Carole fed him to tigers.

Muskingum County, Ohio

Muskingum County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 86,410. Its county seat is Zanesville. 

Eliyahu Bakshi-Doron

Eliyahu Bakshi-Doron (‎; April 5, 1941 – April 12, 2020) was an Israeli rabbi. He was "Rishon LeZion" (Chief Rabbi of Israel) from 1993 to 2003. He was Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Bat Yam from 1972 and Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Haifa from 1972 to 1990. He was born in Jerusalem.

Bakshi-Doron died on April 12, 2020 of COVID-19 in Jerusalem.

Glenn Beckert

Glenn Alfred Beckert (October 12, 1940 – April 12, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a second baseman for the Chicago Cubs for nine seasons from 1965 to 1973. He ended his career with the San Diego Padres in 1975. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

Beckert died on April 12, 2020 in Florida at the age of 79.

Tim Brooke-Taylor

Timothy Julian Brooke-Taylor OBE (17 July 194012 April 2020) was an English actor and comedian.

Brooke-Taylor became known for his work on BBC Radio with "I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again". He later moved into television with "At Last the 1948 Show". He was best known as a member of The Goodies, starring in the television series throughout the 1970s. He was a panellist on "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue" for almost 50 years.

Brooke-Taylor died of problems from COVID-19 on 12 April 2020, aged 79.

Louis van Dijk

Louis van Dijk, also spelled Louis van Dyke (27 November 1941 – 12 April 2020), was a Dutch pianist. He was born in Amsterdam. He played with Pim Jacobs and Pieter van Vollenhoven under the name "De Gevleugelde Vrienden" ("The Winged Friends"). 

In September 2005, he played at a charity concert at the Concertgebouw to raise funds for New Orleans after the city was hit by Hurricane Katrina. He was awarded the honorary title of Knight of the Order of the Netherlands Lion. 

Dijk died in Laren on 12 April 2020 of cancer, aged 78.


Alexandria Bay, New York

Alexandria Bay is a village in Jefferson County, New York, United States, within the town of Alexandria. It is in the Thousand Islands region of northern New York. The population of the village was 924 at the 2020 United States Census.

Ted Evans (public servant)

Edward Alfred Evans (4 March 1941 – 12 April 2020) was an Australian senior public servant and economist. He was born in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. He was a Secretary of the Department of the Treasury from 24 May 1993 through 26 April 2001. 

As secretary of the Treasury, he was "ex officio" member of the boards of several financial institutions. He was a director of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia between 1993 and 1996, and a member of the board of the Reserve Bank of Australia from 10 May 1993 to 26 April 2001.

Evans died on 12 April 2020, aged 79.

Doug Sanders

George Douglas Sanders (July 24, 1933 – April 12, 2020) was an American professional golfer. He won 20 events on the PGA Tour and had four runner-up finishes at major championships. He was born in Cedartown, Georgia. He was a member of the U.S. Ryder Cup team in 1967, which won in Houston.

Sanders died in Houston on April 12, 2020 from dementia-related problems, at the age of 86.

Cedartown, Georgia

Cedartown is a city in Polk County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,190. The city is the county seat of Polk County.

Polk County, Georgia

Polk County is a county in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 42,853. The county seat is Cedartown. The county was created on December 20, 1851.

Wynn Handman

Wynn Handman (May 19, 1922 – April 11, 2020) was an American educator, producer, director and artist. He was the artistic director of The American Place Theatre, which he co-founded with Sidney Lanier and Michael Tolan in 1963. He was born in New York City.

He was a teacher for over 50 years, in his professional acting classes, Handman has trained many actors including: Alec Baldwin, James Caan, Chris Cooper, Michael Douglas, Sandy Duncan, Mia Farrow, Richard Gere, Joel Grey, Allison Janney, Raul Julia, Frank Langella, John Leguizamo, Susan Lucci, Donna Mills, Burt Reynolds, Mira Sorvino, Christopher Walken, Denzel Washington, Lauren Graham and Joanne Woodward.

Handman died on April 11, 2020 in New York City of pneumonia caused by COVID-19 at the age of 97.

Everett Lee

Everett Lee (August 31, 1916 – January 12, 2022) was an American conductor and violinist. He was the first African-American to conduct a Broadway musical. He was also the first African-American to conduct a performance by a major US opera company. In September 1945, he became the main conductor of the musical "On the Town". He later conducted at Tanglewood. He served as director of Columbia University's opera department in the early 1950s.

Lee was born in Wheeling, West Virginia. In 1927, he moved with his parents to Cleveland, Ohio. He married Sylvia Olden Lee in 1944. The couple later divorced. He later married his second wife. He lived in Sweden. He turned 100 in 2016.

Lee died on January 12, 2022, in Malmö, Sweden. He was 105.

Camillo Ballin

Camillo Ballin (June 24, 1944 – April 12, 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop, writer, missionary, and educator. He was the Roman Catholic Vicar Apostolic of the Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Arabia from 2001 until his death. He was born in Padua, Italy.

Ballin died on April 12, 2020 at the age of 75. 


M. V. Rajasekharan

Shri M.V. Rajasekharan (12 September 1928 – 13 April 2020) an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress party. He was a member of the Legislative Council Karnataka in the upper house of the Government of Karnataka. He also was a member of the Rajya Sabha.

Rajasekharan died on 13 April 2020 at a hospital in Bangalore at the age of 91.

Marion Hartzog Smoak

Marion Hartzog Smoak (July 8, 1916 – May 4, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Republican. He was Chief of Protocol of the United States under President Richard Nixon from 1972 to 1974. He was a member of the presidential campaign staff and transition team for Ronald Reagan in 1980. He also served as member of the South Carolina Senate from 1967 to 1968.

Smoak was born in Aiken, South Carolina. His wife Mary Frances Meister died in 2015. The couple had three children. He turned 100 in 2016. Smoak died on May 4, 2020, in Palm Beach, Florida. He was 103.


George Shapiro

George Shapiro (May 18, 1931 – May 26, 2022) was an American talent manager and television producer. He was the most successful managers in show business. He was best known for representing Jerry Seinfeld, Carl Reiner and Andy Kaufman. He was a producer for the sitcom "Seinfeld". He was born in New York City.

Shapiro died on May 26, 2022 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, eight days after his 91st birthday.

Charles Miossec

Charles Miossec (25 December 1938 – 12 April 2020) was a French politician. He served as a Deputy from 1978 to 2002. He was born in Lanhouarneau, Finistère.

Miossec died on 12 April 2020 at the age of 81.

Cloth facemask

A cloth facemask is a face covering which is used to cover the mouth and nose. As the name suggests, these masks are made of textiles. Cotton is commonly used. Starting with the 19th century, such masks have been used by healthcare professionals. They are also used to protect against air pollution, although they may not be very effective in protecting against air pollution. 

Depending on the design, they can be effective stopping the transmission of disease spread by droplets of liquid. Today, healthcare professionals often use surgical masks or respirators, which offer better protection. A study done in 2010 found that 40 to 90 percent of particles pass through a cloth facemask.

Cloth face masks are commonly used during the COVID-19 pandemic, especially when surgical and other medical face coverings are not available.

George Bass

George Bass (30 January 1771 – after 5 February 1803) was a British naval surgeon and explorer of Australia.

Bass was born on 30 January 1771 at Aswarby, near Sleaford, Lincolnshire. His father, George, was a tenant farmer, George Bass, and his mother a local beauty named Sarah (née Newman). His father died in 1777. He went to Boston Grammar School and later studied medicine at the hospital in Boston, Lincolnshire. At the age of 18, he was accepted in London as a member of the Company of Surgeons, and in 1794 he joined the Royal Navy as a surgeon.

He arrived in Sydney in New South Wales on HMS "Reliance" on 7 September 1795.

Also on the voyage were Matthew Flinders, John Hunter, Bennelong, and his surgeon's assistant William Martin.

Bass brought a small boat to Australia. It had an keel and beam, which he called the Tom Thumb on account of its size. In October 1795 Bass and Flinders, accompanied by William Martin sailed to Botany Bay and explored the Georges River. Their reports on their return led to the settlement of Banks' Town.

In March 1796 they went on a second voyage in a larger small boat, which they called the Tom Thumb II. They travelled down the coast to Lake Illawarra, which they called Tom Thumb Lagoon. They explored Port Hacking.

Later in 1796 Bass discovered good farming land near Prospect Hill, found cattle which had been lost since 1788, and tried to cross the Blue Mountains.

In 1797 Bass and six crew sailed an open whaleboat to Cape Howe, the farthest point of south-eastern Australia. From here they kept going went west as far as Western Port. He believed that Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) was not joined to mainland Australia. Watching the tides and the long south-western swell at Wilson's Promontory convinced him that his idea was right.

Bass visited the Kiama area on the south coast of New South Wales. He made notes on the many plants and the amazing natural phenomenon, the Kiama Blowhole.

In 1798, Bass and Flinders, sailed the "Norfolk", around Van Diemen's Land, proving that it was an island. They visited the estuary of the Derwent River, found and named by Captain John Hayes in 1793. Bass made a report which led to it being chosen for the future city of Hobart in 1803. When they got back to Sydney, Flinders recommended to Governor John Hunter that the passage between Van Diemen's Land and the mainland be called Bass Strait.

"This was no more than a just tribute to my worthy friend and companion," Flinders wrote, "for the extreme dangers and fatigues he had undergone, in first entering it in a whaleboat, and to the correct judgement he had formed, from various indications, of the existence of a wide opening between Van Diemen's Land and New South Wales."

Bass sent some of his botanical discoveries to Sir Joseph Banks in London. "In this voyage of fourteen weeks I collected those few plants upon Van Diemen's Land which had not been familiar to me in New South Wales," he wrote to Banks, "and have done myself the honour of submitting them to your inspection." He was made an honorary member of the Society for Promoting Natural History, which later became the Linnean Society. Some of his reports were published in the second volume of David Collins's "An Account of the English colony in New South Wales." He was one of the first to describe the Australian marsupial, the wombat.

On 8 October 1800, George married Elizabeth Waterhouse at St James's Church, Westminster. She was the sister of Henry Waterhouse, Bass's former shipmate, and captain of the "Reliance". In January 1801 Bass set sail again for Australia, leaving Elizabeth behind. The couple wrote to each other, they did not meet again, as Bass never returned from this journey.

Bass and a group of friends had invested some £10,000 in the copper-sheathed brig , and a cargo of general goods to sell in Port Jackson.

On the voyage, the ship passed through Bass Strait. He recorded it simply as Bass Strait, like any other geographical feature. His modesty meant he felt no need to say "discovered by me" or "named after me".

On arrival Bass that others had brought out goods as well, and he was unable to sell his cargo. Governor King was trying to save money and would buy the cargo, even at a 50% discount. King did ask Bass to get salt pork from Tahiti. Food was scarce in Sydney at that time and prices were high, yet there were plenty of pigs in the Society Islands. King said he would pay Bass six pence a pound, half the current price in Sydney. This deal suited both men. With his partner Charles Bishop, Bass sailed from Sydney in the "Venus" for Dusky Sound in New Zealand. They spent 14 days taking iron from the wreck of Captain Brampton's old ship the "Endeavour". This was made into axes which were used to trade for the pork in Tahiti. They returned to Sydney in November 1802.

In January 1803 Bass asked King for the rights to all the fish along the South Island of New Zealand, from Dusky Sound to Otago Harbour – now the site of the city of Dunedin. He also wanted to include all the lands and seas to the south, notably the Antipodes Islands. His brother-in-law, Waterhouse, had discovered the islands, and probably told him about the excellent prospects for fishing.

Bass set sail on his last voyage in the "Venus" on 5 February 1803, but he and his crew were never seen again. His plan was to go to Tahiti and perhaps on to the Spanish colonies on the coast of Chile to buy provisions and bring them back to Sydney.

Bass may also have planned to smuggle goods into Chile. Spain would only allow Spanish ships and merchants to bring goods into the country. But the colonists in Chile needed more than they could supply and shortages and heavy taxation caused high prices. This made smuggling profitable. Port Jackson was described by some 19th-century historians as a base for such smuggling Britain's strained relationship with Spain at that time meant British authorities were unconcerned.

Bass still had much of the general cargo he had brought to Sydney in 1801 and he may well have been tempted to try and sell it in Chile. Two of his last letters have hints at a venture which he could not name. He set off in 1803, with a diplomatic letter from Governor King attesting his bona-fides and that his sole purpose if he were on the West coast of South America would be in procuring provisions.

He was never heard from again, and Governor King and Bass's friends in Sydney were forced to accept that he had met some misfortune. In England in January 1806 Bass was listed by the Admiralty as lost at sea. His wife Elizabeth was given money from the widows' fund, back dated to when Bass's half-pay had ended in June 1803. Bass had made the usual contributions to the fund from his salary.

There are many ideas about what may have happened to Bass. One story, by William Campbell of the brig "Harrington", said that Bass was captured by the Spanish in Chile and sent to the silver mines. The "Harrington" was also involved in smuggling and returned to Sydney some three months after Bass's departure. But this story dates from 1811 in a report by William Fitzmaurice. Campbell did not mention Bass in either 1803, or in 1805 when he captured a Spanish ship. Three months is too short for Bass to have reached Chile and then the "Harrington" to get back to Sydney.

Also all British prisoners held by the Spanish in Chile and Peru were freed in 1808 and returned to Europe. If the crew of the "Venus" had been captured then none of the 25 survived.

Adventurer Jorgen Jorgenson wrote about Bass in 1835. He said Bass had attempted forced trade at gunpoint in Chile, and was captured when he let his guard down. Jorgenson probably met Bass, but this story is almost certainly not true. Jorgenson's writing, though entertaining, was often far from factual.

A search of Spanish archives in 1903 by scholar Pascual de Gayangos and a search of Peruvian archives in 2003 by historian Jorge Ortiz-Sotelo found no mention of Bass. His ultimate fate remains a mystery.

In 1963 Bass was honoured on a postage stamp issued by Australia Post, and again in 1998 with Matthew Flinders.

A re-enactment of the whaleboat voyage was made on the 200th anniversary of Bass's voyage. It arrived at Western Port on 5 January 1998, using a "Elizabeth" skippered by Bern Cuthbertson.

The following places were named after Bass:


Zdeněk Jičínský

Zdeněk Jičínský (26 February 1929 – 9 April 2020) was a Czech lawyer and politician. He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic from 1996 to 2002 and from 2003 to 2010. He was also a member of the Federal Assembly of Czechoslovakia (1969, 1990–92). He was born in Ostřešany.

Jičínský died on 9 April 2020 at the age of 91.

Jan Reijnen

Johannes Andreas Maria "Jan" Reijnen (3 February 1927 – 7 April 2020) was a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party and its successor the Christian Democratic Appeal. He served as a Senator from 1972 to 1977. He was also mayor of Wervershoof (1964–1969), Oldenzaal (1969–1976) and Heerlen (1976–1986). He was born in Kaatsheuvel, North Brabant.

Reijnen died in Vught, North Brabant on 7 April 2020. He was 93.


Respiratory droplet

A respiratory droplet is a droplet of liquid, which is expelled during respiration. They are also produced when sneezing, coughing, or vomiting. They can also be produced artificially. Certain diseases can be transmitted with respiratory droplets.

President of the Congress of Deputies

The president of the Congress of Deputies () is the speaker of the Congress of Deputies, the lower house of the Cortes Generales (the Spanish parliament). The president is elected among the members of the Congress and it is, after the king and the prime minister, the highest authority in Spain.

Cortes Generales

The Cortes Generales (; ) are the bicameral legislative chambers of Spain. It is made up of the Congress of Deputies (the lower house), and the Senate (the upper house).

The Congress of Deputies meets in the Palacio de las Cortes. The Senate meets in the Palacio del Senado. Both are in Madrid.

The members of the Cortes Generales serve four-year terms, and they are representatives of the Spanish people.

Senate of Spain

The Senate () is the upper house of the Cortes Generales of Spain. It is part of the Cortes Generales along with the Congress of Deputies—the lower chamber. The Senate meets in the Palace of the Senate in Madrid.

The Senate is made-up of senators, each of whom represents a province, an autonomous city or an autonomous community.

Meritxell Batet

Meritxell Batet Lamaña (born 19 March 1973) is a Spanish jurist and politician. She is a member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia. In May 2019, she was elected as President of the Congress of Deputies. Before this, she was Minister for Territorial Policy and Civil Service of the Government of Spain between June 2018 and May 2019.

President of the Senate of Spain

The President of the Senate of Spain is the speaker of the Spanish Senate, the upper house of Spain's Cortes Generales. It is the fourth leading political figure of the country after the Monarch (Head of State), the Prime Minister (Head of Government) and the President of the Congress of Deputies (Speaker of the Lower House). 

He/She is elected by members of the Senate.

As of the 14th term of the Cortes Generales, the current officeholder is Pilar Llop, a member of the Socialist Parliamentary Group representing Madrid.

Pilar Llop

María Pilar Llop Cuenca (born 1973) is a Spanish judge and politician. In December 2019, she was elected President of the Senate of Spain. She was member of the Assembly of Madrid from 2015 to 2018 and Government Delegate for Gender Violence of the Government of Spain from 2018 to 2019.

She entered the judicial career in 1999 and became a magistrate in 2004.

Juan José Lucas

Juan José Lucas Giménez (born 10 May 1944) is a Spanish attorney, professor and politician. He is a member of the People's Party. Lucas was born in Burgo de Osma, Soria, Spain. In 2002, he was elected to the Senate of Spain. Before, he was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1986 to 1987 and again from 1989 to 1991. From 2002 to 2004, Lucas was the President of the Senate of Spain.

Monarchy of Spain

The monarchy of Spain (), known as The Crown (), is a constitutional institution and the highest office of Spain.

The Spanish monarchy is currently represented by King Felipe VI, Queen Letizia, and their daughters Leonor, Princess of Asturias, and Infanta Sofía.

Ahfazur Rahman

Ahfaz-ur-Rahman ( ) (4 April 1942 – 12 April 2020), was a Pakistani journalist, writer and poet. His works were supportive for freedom of the press and for the rights of working journalists in Pakistan. Rahman wrote many books and translations about the corruption in Pakistan and why freedom of the press should be a law there.

Rahman died on 11 April 2020 in Karachi, aged 78.

Juan Cotino

Juan Gabriel Cotino Ferrer (26 January 1950 – 13 April 2020), known as Juan Cotino, was a Spanish businessman and politician. He was a member of the People's Party. He was born in Xirivella, Valencia. Cotino was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 2007 to 2014. From 2011 to 2014, he was President of Corts Valencianes. From 1996 to 2002, Cotino was general director of the police.

Cotino died of COVID-19 on 13 April 2020 in Spain, aged 70.

Ashok Desai

Ashok H. Desai ( – 13 April 2020) was an Indian politician and lawyer. He was the Attorney General of India from 9 July 1996 to 6 May 1998. He also was the Solicitor General of India from 18 December 1989 to 2 December 1990 . He was awarded the Padma Bhushan. 

Desai died on 13 April 2020 at the age of 77.

Landelino Lavilla Alsina

Landelino Lavilla Alsina (6 August 1934 – 13 April 2020) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. He was born in Lerida, Spain. Lavilla Alsina was a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre.

Lavilla Alsina was the Minister of Justice from 1976 to 1979. He was a Senator from 1977 to 1979. He was also a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1979 to 1983 and President of the Congress of Deputies from 1979 to 1982.

Lavilla Alsina died in Madrid of a long-illness on 13 April 2020, aged 85.

El Oro Province

El Oro is a province in Ecuador. The capital is Machala.

It was named for its historically important gold production. Today it is one of the world's major exporters of bananas.

The province is divided into 14 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2019 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Edmund Wickham Lawrence

Sir Edmund Wickham Lawrence (born 14 February 1932) is an economist. He was the Governor-General of St. Kitts and Nevis from 2013 to 2015. In the 1999 New Year Honours, Sir Edmund was honored as an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis

The Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis is the representative of the monarch of Saint Kitts and Nevis, currently King Charles III. 

The appointed governor-general, currently Dame Marcella Liburd, lives in Government House.

Clement Arrindell

Sir Clement Athelston Arrindell (19 April 1931 – 27 March 2011) was the first Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis from 1983 to 1995. He also was the country's final colonial governor, from 1981 to 1983.

Tapley Seaton

Sir Samuel Weymouth Tapley Seaton, (28 July 1950 – 29 June 2023) was the fourth Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis. At first, he was Acting Governor-General after Sir Edmund Wickham Lawrence was forced out of office on 20 May 2015. 

On 1 September 2015, he was officially appointed Governor-General by Queen Elizabeth II on advice of Prime Minister Timothy Harris.

List of prime ministers of Saint Kitts and Nevis

This page is a list of prime ministers of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Kennedy Simmonds

Sir Kennedy Alphonse Simmonds, KCMG (born 12 April 1936), is a Saint Kitts and Nevis politician. Simmonds was a founding member of the People's Action Movement (PAM) party. He was the Premier of Saint Kitts and Nevis from 21 February 1980, until the twin-island state gained independence from the United Kingdom on 19 September 1983. He later became the 1st Prime Minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis. He was Prime Minister from 1983 to 1995.

Denzil Douglas

Denzil Llewellyn Douglas (born 14 January 1953) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis politician. He is the longest serving Prime Minister. He was in office from 1995 to 2015. He is the leader of the Saint Kitts and Nevis Labour Party (SKNLP).

Timothy Harris

Timothy Sylvester Harris (born 14 January 1964) was the 3rd Prime Minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis from 2015 to 2022. 

Harris was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 10 August 2001 to 25 January 2008, Minister for Finance from 2008 to 2010, and Senior Minister for Agriculture from 2010 to 2013.


Interstate 15 in California

Interstate 15 and California State Route 15 is a connector from Interstate 8 to Interstate 5 in San Diego, California. CA-15 is a short, 7 mile connector, and I-15 continues for 295 miles into Nevada.

Dinos

In the typology of ancient Greek pottery, the dinos (plural "dinoi") is a mixing bowl or cauldron. "Dinos" means "drinking cup," but in modern typology is used (wrongly) for the same shape as a "lebes", that is, a bowl with a spherical body meant to sit on a stand. It has no handles and no feet.

The Dinos Painter, one of the ancient Greek artists known for vase painting, takes his name from the type of vase characteristic of his work.

Dinos were used for mixing water and wine, as it was considered rude to drink straight out of the goblet, at the time.


Ryo Kawasaki

Kawasaki was best known as one of the first musicians to create the fusion genre and for helping to develop the guitar synthesizer. His album "Ryo Kawasaki and the Golden Dragon Live" was one of the first all digital recordings and he created the Kawasaki Synthesizer for the Commodore 64.

During the 1960s, he played with many Japanese jazz groups and also formed his own bands. In the early 1970s, he moved to New York City, where he worked with Gil Evans, Elvin Jones, Chico Hamilton, Ted Curson and Joanne Brackeen.

He also produced several techno dance singles, formed his own record company called Satellites Records, and later returned to jazz-fusion in 1991. His later career was set in Estonia.

Kawasaki died in Tallinn on April 13, 2020 at the age of 73.

Tarvaris Jackson

Tarvaris Jackson (April 21, 1983 – April 12, 2020) was an American football quarterback. He was born in Montgomery, Alabama. Jackson played college football at Arkansas and Alabama State. In the National Football League (NFL), Jackson played for the Minnesota Vikings, Seattle Seahawks, and Buffalo Bills.

Jackson was killed on April 12, 2020 in a car accident in Pike Road, Alabama, aged 36.

Duchess Marie-Thérèse of Württemberg

Duchess Marie Thérèse of Württemberg (; born 12 November 1934) known as Duchess of Montpensier, is a German-born aristocrat. She is a daughter of the claimant to the royal throne of Württemberg. She was the first wife of Prince Henri, Count of Clermont. They were married from 1957 to 1984.

Duchess Marie Thérèse is the mother of Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme, head of the House of Orléans and Orléanist claimant to the French throne.

Battle of Nalapani

The Battle of Nalapani was the first battle of the Anglo-Nepalese War of 1814–1816. The forces of the British East India Company fought against Nepal, then ruled by the House of Gorkha. The battle took place around the Nalapani fort, near Dehradun. The British besieged the fort between 31 October and 30 November 1814. The fort's garrison was commanded by Captain Balbhadra Kunwar. Major-General Rollo Gillespie, who had previously fought in the Battle of Java, was in charge of the attacking British troops. Gillespie was killed on the first day of the siege while rallying his men and despite considerable odds, both in terms of numbers and firepower, Balbhadra and his 600-strong garrison successfully held out against more than 5,000 British troops for over a month.

First two costly attempts to seize the fort by direct attack were unsuccessful. The British then tried to force the garrison to surrender by cutting off the fort's water supply. After three days of thirst, on the last day of the siege, Balbhadra refused to surrender. He led the 70 surviving members of the garrison in a charge against the besieging force. Fighting their way out of the fort, the survivors escaped into the nearby hills. Considering the time, effort, and resources spent to capture the small fort, it was a pyrrhic victory for the British. A number of later engagements, including one at Jaithak, unfolded in a similar way; but more than any other battle of the war, the fighting around Nalapani established the Gurkhas' reputation as warriors. As a result, they were later recruited by the British to serve in their army.

Reaction speed

Reaction speed is the time it takes for a human to react to a change or circumstance. Reaction time of a human is typically around 100 milliseconds but can be faster for people who train to have quicker reactions.

Cephas

Cephas may refer to: 






Sidi Brahim Riahi

Ibrahim Riahi, his birth name Abou Ishak Ibrahim Ben Abdelkader Riahi (1766 Testour – August 7, 1850), was a Tunisian ambassador, theologian and saint. A Sunni Muslim scholar, he is also a poet. He is the grandfather of Ali Riahi.

Sidi Brahim is buried with some of his sons, sheikhs and theologians like him, in his mausoleum (zaouia) in the Sidi Brahim Riahi street in the medina of Tunis named Sidi Brahim Riahi Mausoleum.

Anecdote

An anecdote is a short story someone tells to teach someone else a lesson. Anecdotes can be funny or serious and can sometimes be fiction.

Newton County, Indiana

Newton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 13,830 people lived there. The county seat is Kentland.

Godzilla: The Series

Godzilla: The Series is an animated science-fiction television series developed by Jeff Kline and Richard Raynis.

Surgical mask

A surgical mask, also known as a procedure mask, medical mask or simply a face mask, is a mask. It is intended to be worn by health professionals during surgery and during nursing. Such masks are used to catch the bacteria shed in liquid droplets and aerosols from the wearer's mouth and nose. They are not designed to protect the wearer from inhaling airborne bacteria or virus particles and are less effective than respirators, which provide better protection.

There are different qualities of such mask. Despite their name, not all surgical masks should be used during surgeries. Chinese health officials distinguish between medical (non-surgical) and surgical masks.

Surgical masks are made of a nonwoven fabric created using a melt blowing process. They came into use in the 1960s and largely replaced cloth facemasks in developed countries. A shortage of surgical masks is a central issue of the ongoing 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic.

Surgical masks are popularly worn by the general public all year round in East Asian countries like China, Japan and South Korea to reduce the chance of spreading airborne diseases to others, and to prevent the breathing in of airborne dust particles created by air pollution. Additionally, surgical masks have become a fashion statement, particularly in contemporary East Asian culture bolstered by its popularity in Japanese and Korean pop culture which have a big impact on East Asian youth culture.


Tippecanoe County, Indiana

Tippecanoe County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 186,251 people lived there. The county seat is Lafayette.

Thutmose

Thutmose might mean:


Currituck, North Carolina

Currituck is an unincorporated community in North Carolina in the United States. It is the county seat of Currituck County.

Wells County, Indiana

Wells County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 28,180 people lived there. The county seat is Bluffton.

Paoli, Indiana

Paoli is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Newport, Indiana

Newport is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the home of the Newport Antique Auto Hill Climb.

Abdelaziz Sfar

Abdelaziz Sfar, (), (born November 7 1939 in Bizert – April 29 2012 in Tunis is a Tunisian handball player, teacher and leader. He was buried the next day in Mahdia.

Rüsselsheim am Main

Rüsselsheim am Main is the largest city in the district of Groß-Gerau in the state of Hesse in Germany, between Frankfurt and Mainz. It is on the Main river and has about 65,500 inhabitants. The automobile company Opel has its main office in Rüsselsheim.

Aarbergen

Aarbergen is a municipality in the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis in the state of Hesse in Germany.

Maulburg

Maulburg is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 4,222 people lived there.


Selzthal

Selzthal is a municipality of the district of Liezen in the Austrian state of Styria.

Sankt Gallen, Styria

Sankt Gallen is a municipality of the district of Liezen in the Austrian state of Styria.

Lake Ka-ho, Illinois

Lake Ka-ho is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Eagarville, Illinois

Eagarville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Breitenbrunn, Austria

Breitenbrunn am Neusiedler See (, ) is a municipality of the district of Eisenstadt-Umgebung in the Austrian state of Burgenland.

Owen County

Owen County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Maud, Texas

Maud is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Toosie Slide

"Toosie Slide" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on April 3, 2020. It is featured on his mixtape, "Dark Lane Demo Tapes" (2020). The song was featured in a viral dance challenge of the same name on the social media app TikTok. The viral dance was performed while the song was still unreleased. Drake wrote the song with Nick Kobe and its producer, OZ.

The music video for "Toosie Slide" was released on April 3, 2020. In the video, Drake performs the song and dance around his Toronto mansion. It was filmed while Drake was quarantined during the COVID-19 pandemic.

The song entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US, giving Drake his seventh US chart-topper and third number-one debut there, after “God’s Plan” and “Nice for What”. This ties the record with Mariah Carey for most songs which entered at number one.<ref name="https://hiphopdx.com"></ref> He also earned his 37th top-ten hit, giving him the most for a male artist.


Loja Province

Loja Province is a province in Ecuador. The capital city is also named Loja.

Podocarpus National Park is in the province. This park is 1,463 square kilometres. It has an elevation ranging from 1000 m to 3690 m. The park is home to a number of animals like bears and pumas as well as exotic birdlife. Over 40% of the park's 3,000–4,000 plant species are endemic, unique to this area. There are also more than 600 species of birds here.

The province is divided into 16 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2010 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of its canton seat or capital.

Manabí Province

Manabí is a province in Ecuador. The capital city is Portoviejo.

The province is divided into 22 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometers (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Morona-Santiago Province

Morona Santiago () is a province in Ecuador. The province was created on February 24, 1954. The capital is Macas.

Sangay National Park is in the province.

The province is divided into 12 cantons.

Napo Province

Napo () is a province in Ecuador. Its capital is Tena. The province has the Napo River.

In 2000, the province was the only remaining majority-indigenous province of Ecuador, with 56.3% of the province either being of indigenous identity or speaking an indigenous language.

The province is divided into five cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Pastaza Province

Pastaza () is a province in Ecuador in the eastern jungle. The capital is Puyo, founded on May 12, 1899.

The province is divided into four cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Santa Elena Province

The Province of Santa Elena () is a province of Ecuador in the coastal region. It was created in 2007 from territory that belonged to the Guayas Province. It is one of the two newest provinces of Ecuador, along with Santo Domingo de Los Tsáchilas. Its capital city is Santa Elena.

The province is divided into three cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Santo Domingo de los Tsáchilas Province

Santo Domingo de los Tsáchilas is a province in the Republic of Ecuador. It was created in October 2007 from territory previously in the province of Pichincha.

Unique among the provinces of Ecuador, it has only two cantones, La Concordia and Santo Domingo, named after the city of Santo Domingo, which is also the provincial capital.

Sucumbíos Province

Sucumbíos () is a province in northeast Ecuador. The capital and largest city is Nueva Loja (normally referred to as Lago Agrio).

The province is divided into seven cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Zamora-Chinchipe Province

Zamora Chinchipe (), Province of Zamora Chinchipe is a province of the Republic
of Ecuador, located at the southeastern end of the Amazon Basin. The provincial capital is the city of Zamora.

The province is divided into nine cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Rick May

Rick May (September 21, 1940 – April 8, 2020) was a voice actor from Seattle. He voiced the Soldier in Team Fortress 2 and Peppy Hare in Star Fox 64. He also voiced many other characters from other video games. May was infected with COVID-19 in March 2020 and later died on April 8.

The screaming person in Netflix shows

Rick May suffered a stroke in February 2020. Because of this, he was moved to a nursing home so that he can get rehabilitation. On April 8, 2020, it was reported that Rick May died due to complications related to COVID-19 at the Swedish Medical Center in Seattle.

On May 1, 2020, Valve made an update to "Team Fortress 2", dedicating their tributes to Rick May, who voiced the Soldier. They added memorial statues of Soldier to various maps in-game for the rest of May 2020, as a tribute for Rick May's work for his work on voice-acting.

Vicente Magsaysay

Vicente Magsaysay (January 20, 1940 – April 13, 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was the chairman of the board of the Philippine Postal Savings Bank from January 22, 2009 until his death. He was governor of the province of Zambales from 1968 to 1986 and then again from 1998 to 2007. He was a member of the Liberal Party. Magsaysay was born in Castillejos, Philippines.

Magsaysay died on April 13, 2020, aged 80.

Aswan Governorate

Aswan Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is also named Aswan.

The governorate is divided into the following municipal divisions

Moraes Moreira

Antônio Carlos Moreira Pires (July 8, 1947 – April 13, 2020), better known as Moraes Moreira, was a Brazilian musician and songwriter. During the 1970s he played guitar and sang in the band Os Novos Baianos. After playing in Os Novos Baianos, Moreira had a solo career where he recorded 29 albums. Moreira was born in Ituaçu, Bahia, Brazil.

Moreira died of a heart attack on April 13, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 72.

Asyut Governorate

Asyut Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. The capital city is also named Asyut.

It stretches across a section of the Nile River.

The cities in the governorate are:

Ann Sullivan (animator)

Ann Sullivan (April 10, 1929 – April 13, 2020) was an American animator. She worked for Disney Animation. She was born in Fargo, North Dakota. In 1973, she joined Hanna-Barbera. Her best known works were "Oliver & Company" (1988), "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Prince and the Pauper" (1990), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "Hercules" (1997), "Tarzan" and "Fantasia 2000" (both 1999). 

Sullivan died in Los Angeles on April 13, 2020 of COVID-19, aged 91.

Beheira Governorate

Beheira Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital is Damanhur.

In 2017, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sissi appointed the first female governor in the country's history, Nadia Abdo, for Beheira's Governorate.


Bernard Stalter

Bernard Stalter (12 March 1957 – 12 April 2020) was a French businessman and politician. He was born in Brumath, France. Stalter was a member of the Regional Council of Grand Est from 2016 until his death. He was also a member of the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council from 2015 until his death.

Stalter died on 12 April 2020 in Strasbourg, France of COVID-19, aged 63.

Beni Suef Governorate

Beni Suef is one of the governorates of Egypt. The capital city is also named Beni Suef.

The nearby Meidum pyramid is the only prominent tourist attraction in the area.

U Pannya Jota Mahathera

He died on 13 April 2020 of cardiac arrest, aged 64.

Cairo Governorate

Cairo Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. Its capital, the city of Cairo, is also the national capital of Egypt.

Dakahlia Governorate

Dakahlia Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is Mansoura. The governorate is sometimes spelled Dakahliya Governorate.



Faiyum Governorate

Faiyum Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is also named Faiyum.

Gharbia Governorate

Gharbia Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is Tanta. The largest city in Gharbia is El Mahalla El Kubra.


Irena Chalmers

Irena Chalmers-Taylor (June 5, 1935 – April 4, 2020) was a British-born American cookbook author, food essayist and educator. She was born in London, England. She was nicknamed "the culinary oracle of 100 cookbooks". She was known as an important person in cookbook writing. Her best known essays were published in "The Last Word" and "Chef Magazine". as well as a commentator on WAMC/Northeast Public Radio, Chalmers also worked for the The Culinary Institute of America.

Chalmers died of esophageal cancer on April 4, 2020 in Kingston, New York at the age of 84.

Giza Governorate

Giza Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. Its capital is the city of Giza. 

It is on the west bank of the Nile River opposite Cairo. It includes a stretch of the left bank of the Nile Valley around Giza. The Governorate got a large stretch of Egypt's Western Desert, including Bahariya Oasis when the 6th of October Governorate was merged into it on 14 April 2011. 

The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World and people come from all over the world each year to see it. It is in the Giza pyramid complex. The Giza Governorate is also home to the Great Sphinx.

Ismailia Governorate

Ismailia Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is also named Ismailia. It was named after Ismail Pasha, who as Ottoman Viceroy of Egypt, oversaw the country during the building of the Suez Canal.

Kafr El Sheikh Governorate

Kafr El Sheikh Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is also named Kafr El Sheikh. 

Kafr El Sheikh Governorate was once part of the Gharbia Governorate. It was created in 1949.

Lake Burullus is in the north of the Kafr El Sheikh governorate. The following cities are in Kafr El Sheikh:


Luxor Governorate

Luxor Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is also named Luxor. It was created in 2009 from part of the Qena Governorate.

The Romantic Englishwoman

The Romantic Englishwoman is a 1975 British drama movie directed by Joseph Losey and adapted from the novel by Thomas Wiseman. It stars Michael Caine, Glenda Jackson, Helmut Berger, Michael Lonsdale, Kate Nelligan and Tom Chatto.

Matrouh Governorate

Matrouh Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is Mersa Matruh. 

The interior of the Matrouh Governorate is part of Egypt's Western Desert, including the Siwa Oasis. In the center of the Governorate is the Qattara Depression, descending to 133 metres below sea level.

Matrouh Governorate has many historical sites related to World War II.

Minya Governorate

Minya Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is also named Minya.

As of 2018, 10 cities (or towns) in Minya had a population of over 15,000 people.


Hammam Sousse

Hammam Sousse () is a coastal town in eastern Tunisia. It is north of Sousse. It has about 42,691 inhabitants (2014 est.). Former President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali.

Silent letter

Silent letters are letters written in words that, when spoken, do not correspond to the pronunciation of a given letter and also do not allow anyone to hear their sound when they appear in the word. 

Many of them come from Old English. These include the "k" in "know" and "knee", the second "b" in "bomb" and "numb," the "s" in "island," and the "e" in "lame" and "lime". There is also a silent "g" in "sign", which is from Middle English. Old English uses the sound of the silent "k" and "gh" from "knight", which was pronounced at the time. The word changed its history. Other words, such as "knowledge", also begin with silent "k" when the letter "n" comes after it. There is also the silent "r" that happens to be in many other words from Old English, such as the one that happens to be heard in former words such as "February" that can be sounded and sometimes it is also silent unlike how you kneel as well as that silent "d" in "Wednesday" that happens to be the first as well as that"." There is also the silent "n" at the end of other words, such as "autumn". The word "wrong" means not right, and begins with silent "w". There are words that sometimes begin with silent "g", such as "gnat". 

Other silent letters may be the "r" in words from Old French, like "hors d'ouvert" and the sound of the "t" is sometimes heard in some words like "often," but it may also be silent. There is also a silent "w" in "answer", and the "w" is not pronounced. The word "kneel" starts with a silent "k". The letter "g" has two sounds, both hard and soft, but it is sometimes silent at the beginning of the word "gnat" when it comes before the letter "n" that comes after it. You can sometimes say the silent "g" for fun in order to start a word, such as "gnome" or "gnat" because they may be completely different. That is why the completely silent "g" in "gnat" happens to be quite different from other consonants, and you can only believe that it is near what you might keep remembering after you remember. Also, "gnome" is very different from that! We had that. One word, which is "gneiss", is written like "nice", but it is only a particular rock that starts with that silent "g" before that "n". 

Silent letters exist in the spelling systems in many languages. They are very common in languages with deep orthographies, spelling systems with little one-to-one relationship between letters and sounds, like English, French, Thai, and Mongolian. 

Jacques De Decker

Jacques De Decker (19 August 1945 – 12 April 2020) was a Belgian writer and author.

In 1985, De Decker published his first novel, "La Grande Roue". It was selected for the Prix Goncourt and translated into several languages. He was President of the Organisation Beaumarchais in Paris, and then elected to replace Albert Ayguesparse as President of the Académie royale de langue et de littérature françaises de Belgique in Brussels in 1997. 

In 1998, he helped relaunch the magazine "Marginales". In this endeavor, he joined Jean Jauniaux, who also wrote "La Faculté des Lettres".

De Decker died on 12 April 2020 in Brussels at the age of 74.

Charles Alexander Shaw

Charles Alexander Shaw (December 31, 1944 – April 12, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. He was nominated to the court by Bill Clinton. Shaw was born in Jackson, Tennessee.

Shaw died on April 12, 2020 in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 75.

2020 Easter tornado outbreak

A series of tornadoes affected the Southeastern United States on Easter Sunday and Monday, April 12–13, 2020. 15 total watches were produced during the course of the event, two of which were designated Particularly Dangerous Situations. 

With at least 30 deaths reported, it was the deadliest tornado outbreak in the U.S. since the April 2014 tornado outbreak.

Access to electricity was downed for nearly 1.3 million people in the tornado outbreak.

McQ

McQ is a 1974 American action crime drama movie directed by John Sturges and produced by Arthur Gardner. It stars John Wayne, Eddie Albert, Diana Muldaur, Colleen Dewhurst, Clu Gulager, David Huddleston, and Al Lettieri. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


Edge of Honor

Edge Of Honor is a 1991 thriller movie directed by Michael Spence. It starred Corey Feldman, Don Swayze, Meredith Salenger, and Scott Reeves. It is rated R by the MPAA.


Starke County, Indiana

Starke County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 23,371 people lived there. The county seat is Knox.

Ogooué-Maritime Province

Ogooué-Maritime is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Port-Gentil.

There are 3 departments:

Haut-Ogooué Province

Haut-Ogooué is a province in Gabon. It is named after the Ogooué River. It has an area of 36,547 km². The provincial capital is Franceville. As of 2013, 250,799 people lived there.

The province is one of the main industries is mining, with manganese, gold and uranium being found in the region. The uranium-bearing mineral Francevillite takes its name from the main city.

There are eight departments:

Estuaire Province

Estuaire is the most populous province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Libreville, which is also Gabon's national capital.

There are five departments:

Moyen-Ogooué Province

Moyen-Ogooué is a province in Gabon. It has an area of . The provincial capital is Lambaréné. As of 2013, 69,287 people lived there.


There are two departments:

Ngounié Province

Ngounié is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Mouila.

Ngounié is divided into 9 departments:

Nyanga Province

Nyanga is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Tchibanga.

There are six departments:

Ogooué-Ivindo Province

Ogooué-Ivindo is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Makokou. It gets its name from two rivers, the Ogooué and the Ivindo.

Ogooué-Ivindo is divided into 4 departments:

Ogooué-Lolo Province

Ogooué-Lolo is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Koulamoutou.

There are four departments:

Woleu-Ntem Province

Woleu-Ntem is a province in Gabon. The provincial capital is Oyem.

There are five departments:

Jon Bernthal

Jonathan Edward Bernthal (born September 20, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Shane Walsh in the AMC horror series "The Walking Dead" (2010–2012; 2018) and Frank Castle / The Punisher in the Netflix action series "Daredevil" (2015–2018) and "The Punisher" (2017–2019).

Bernthal's movie credits include "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), "Fury" (2014), "Sicario" (2015), "The Accountant" (2016), "Baby Driver" (2017), "Wind River" (2017), "Widows" (2018) and "Ford v Ferrari" (2019).

Bernthal was born in Washington, D.C., to Jewish parents. His grandfather was musician and producer Murray Bernthal. Other notable relatives include his brother, Tom Bernthal, and cousin, Adam Schlesinger. He married Erin Angle in 2010. The couple have three children.

Chalmette, Louisiana

Chalmette is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of St. Bernard Parish.

Napoleonville, Louisiana

Napoleonville is a village in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of Assumption Parish.

Hank Steinbrenner

Henry George Steinbrenner III (April 2, 1957 – April 14, 2020) was an American businessman. He was the part-owner and co-chairman of the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball. He was the older brother of the team's principal owner and managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner. His parents were George Steinbrenner and Joan Steinbrenner. He was born in Culver, Indiana.

Steinbrenner died on April 14, 2020 in Clearwater, Florida of liver disease-related problems, aged 63.

Albany, Louisiana

Albany is a village in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Calumet Park, Illinois

Calumet Park (formerly DeYoung) is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is in Cook County. This road became the first Obama Drive in the country and the first road named after the former U.S. President Barack Obama in his home state of Illinois.

Hadenfeld

Hadenfeld is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Looft

Looft is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Batavia, Ohio

Batavia is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Clermont County.

Douglas County, Washington

Douglas County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Waterville. At the 2020 census, 42,938 people lived there.

Cadiz, Ohio

Cadiz is a village in Ohio in the United States.

West Union, Ohio

West Union is a town in Ohio in the United States. It has a population of 2,903 people.

Bulverde, Texas

Bulverde is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Garden Ridge, Texas

Garden Ridge is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Selma, Texas

Selma is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Mertzon, Texas

Mertzon is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Nienbüttel

Nienbüttel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Oldenborstel

Oldenborstel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Pöschendorf

Pöschendorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Puls, Steinburg

Puls is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Graham, Texas

Graham is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bondorf

Bondorf is a municipality of the district Böblingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 2018, 6,002 people lived there.


Monufia Governorate

Monufia Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. The capital city is Shibin El Kom.

The governorate is named after Menouf, an ancient city which was the capital of the governorate until 1826. Other main cities are Quesna, Tala, Bagour, and Ashmoun.

Monufia Governorate is the birthplace of two Egyptian presidents: Anwar Sadat (1918–1981), born in Mit Abu El Kom and Hosni Mubarak (1928-2020), born in Kafr El Meselha.

New Valley Governorate

New Valley Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital is at the Kharga Oasis. Another name used for the governorate is El Wadi El Gedid Governorate.

New Valley is the largest governorate in Egypt. At 440,098 square kilometers in area, it is just slightly larger than the country of Iraq.

Orthographic depth

Orthographic depth is how much one-to-one relationship there is between the sounds of a language and the letters used to write them, or how much a word is spelled the way it sounds. Writing systems with a close one-to-one relationship between sounds and letters are called orthographically shallow writing systems. This includes the Spanish alphabet, Japanese kana, the Finnish alphabet, the Turkish alphabet, and the Italian alphabet. In these languages, it is easy to figure out how to speak these languages simply by reading them. Writing systems with little one-to-one relationship between sounds and letters are called orthographically deep writing systems. These would include the English alphabet, French alphabet, Mongolian script, and Thai script.

North Sinai Governorate

North Sinai Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. The capital city is Arish. The governorate is located on the northern half of the Sinai Peninsula.


Qalyubiyya Governorate

Al-Qalyubiyya Governorate is a governorates of Egypt. The capital city is Benha. The governorate is north of Cairo in the Nile Delta region.

The cities in the Qalyubia Governorate are:


Qena Governorate

Qena Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is also named Qena.

As of 2018, 9 cities had over 15,000 people. They are:


Bethsaida

Bethsaida is a town in ancient Israel, near the sea of Galilee. According to the first chapter of the Gospel of John the apostles Peter, Andrew, and Philip came from there. The Gospel of Mark Chapter 8 says that Jesus healed a blind man there. In the ninth chapter of the Gospel of Luke we are told that Jesus fed 5000 people using only 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish.

Modern archeologists have not been able to prove for sure exactly where Bethsaida was.

Reformist socialism

Within the socialist movement, reformism is the view that gradual changes through existing institutions can eventually lead to fundamental changes in a society's political and economic systems.

When You Believe

“When You Believe” is an Academy Award winning song from the 1998 DreamWorks Animation movie The Prince of Egypt. Within the movie the song is sung by Miriam and Tzipporah after the Israelites are freed from slavery. It was sung by , who was the singing voice of Miriam, and Michelle Pfeiffer, who voiced both the singing and speaking parts of Tzipporah.

“When you believe” was generally positively reviewed. It won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. After DreamWorks Animation made there were critics who said that the second movie had more spirituality than the first because the song Joseph sings in prison You Know Better than I was seen as more religious than the song “When you believe” from The Prince of Egypt.

El Mdou

El Mdou is a village in the south of Tunisia located eight kilometers west of Gabès and dependent on the governorate of Gabès.
A regional road crosses it and connects it to Gabès and Matmata, in particular through a bus line. One road goes towards El Hamma and another towards Limaya. The village is home to a school, a mosque and a Antenna to cover the Gabès region.

Joseph: King of Dreams

Joseph: King of Dreams is a DreamWorks Animation movie and a prequel to The Prince of Egypt. It is based on the story of Joseph in the Book of Genesis. It stars Ben Affleck as Joseph and Mark Hamill as Judah (Biblical personage).

Jacob is an old man by the time his favorite wife Rachel, who, he was once told, could never have children, gives birth to a baby named Joseph. Jacob sees Joseph is a miracle and says that he must have a great destiny because he is a miracle child. Years later, Jacob gives him a colorful coat to prove Joseph is his favorite son. Joseph’s half-brothers get jealous of him especially after Joseph starts to have dreams in which he rises over them. After Joseph starts to tell their father Jacob bad reports about them, they get very angry. When Reuben tries to make peace with Joseph because they are brothers Joseph tells him that he’s not his brother but his half-brother. Joseph’s half-brothers under the leadership of Judah then kidnap him and sell him into slavery. Joseph is taken to Egypt and has to serve an Egyptian captain named Potiphar, who is obsessed with honor. Joseph becomes well-treated by Potiphar and meets a woman named Asenath with whom he falls in love. Potiphar’s wife decides she wants Joseph but he turns her down because she is already married. When she frames Joseph for rape, Potiphar realizes that she is lying but refused to admit it because of what believing a slave over his wife would say about his honor and Joseph is sent to jail. He explains the dreams of other prisoners. When Pharaoh cannot find anyone else to explain his dreams, he asks Joseph who predicts seven years of having grown plenty of grain and seven years of famine. Joseph is put in charge of collecting the extra food during the years of plenty so that Egypt can survive the famine. Joseph married Asenath. When Judah and his brothers go to Egypt looking for food, Joseph at first wants revenge, but Asenath suggests him to forgive them. Joseph comes up with a test to find out if they deserve his forgiveness. They summon Benjamin, Rachel’s only other son, who became Jacob’s favorite after he was told that Joseph died, to Egypt and framed him for theft, threatening to enslave him as punishment. When the brothers, under the leadership of Judah all offer themselves in Benjamin’s place, Joseph asks why they would give up everything for “a spoiled half-brother”, Judah, who does not recognize Joseph, tells him the truth about how he and his brothers sold Joseph into slavery out of jealousy and how they want more than anything else. Joseph reveals that he is actually himself. He forgives them because God brought him to Egypt to save lives.


The movie never mentioned in the Bible that Jacob’s oldest son is Reuben.
Rachel died giving birth to Benjamin in the Bible, while the brothers sold Joseph to the slave traders.

The movie was compared unfavorably to The Prince of Egypt. Though there were some critics who said that Joseph was better in relation to spirituality when one compared the song You Know Better than I and When You Believe.

Flushed Away

Flushed Away is a 2006 computer-animated adventure comedy movie directed by David Bowers and Sam Fell, produced by Cecil Kramer, David Sproxton, and Peter Lord, and written by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais, Chris Lloyd, Joe Keenan and Will Davies. It was the third and final DreamWorks Animation movie co-produced with Aardman Animations following "Chicken Run" (2000) and "" (2005), and was the first Aardman project completely made in computer animation as opposed to their usual stop motion standard. The movie stars the voices of Hugh Jackman, Kate Winslet, Shane Richie, Bill Nighy, Andy Serkis, Ian McKellen and Jean Reno. In "Flushed Away", a pet rat named Roddy St. James is flushed down the toilet by a sewer mouse, and befriends a scavenger named Rita in order to return home while evading a power-hungry toad and his rat henchmen.

The movie was released in the United States by Sony Pictures Releasing on 3 November 2006, and in the United Kingdom on 1 December 2006. Despite receiving positive reviews, "Flushed Away" underperformed at the box office, prompting DreamWorks to end their partnership with Aardman. The film received nominations for the BAFTA Award and Critics' Choice Award for Best Animated Feature. It also got 8 nominations at the 34th Annie Awards, winning a leading 5, including Writing in a Feature Production, and Voice Acting in a Feature Production.

Blue Mound, Texas

Blue Mound is a city in Tarrant County, Texas in the United States.

Saginaw, Texas

Saginaw is a city in Tarrant County, Texas in the United States.

Haltom City, Texas

Haltom City is a city in Tarrant County, Texas in the United States.

Reher

Reher is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Schenefeld, Steinburg

Schenefeld is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,587 people lived there.

Since 2013, Siezbüttel is part of the municipality of Schenefeld.


Vaale

Vaale is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Vaalermoor

Vaalermoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wacken, Schleswig-Holstein

Wacken is a municipality of the district Steinburg in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.


Turki, Tunisia

Turki () is a Tunisian village dependent on the Nabeul Governorate, and the delegation of Grombalia.

In 2004, it had a population of 3,661 inhabitants.

The village is discovered when Moriscos were expelled from Spain in the 17th century.

Teach the Future

Teach the Future is the UK Student Climate Network (UKSCN) and Students Organising for Sustainability - UK (SOS-UK) joint campaign to rapidly repurpose the English education system around the climate crisis and ecological emergency to better prepare young people to mitigate and face the consequences of it.

Teach the Future runs under 6 main asks of the government


Teach the Future originated as the 2nd demand of the UK Student Climate Network - from which it takes its name. It evolved into a separate campaign group which launched on the 12th November 2019 however it is still supported by UKSCN's School Group Developmental working group and the wider volunteer base.

Teach the Future has garnered support for their English Climate Emergency Education Act through running a parliamentary reception; Nadia Whittome is the campaign parliamentary sponsor and helped them run the aforementioned event to unveil their legislation to the government.

The campaign's work being supported by multiple influential organisations - included the RSPB, British Youth Council, Global Action Plan, National Union of Students and Friends of the Earth.

It has been featured in many articles by national media sources such as The Guardian, BBC Breakfast, DeSmog Blog, the Thomas Reuters Foundation and BBC Radio 5 Live.

Warringholz

Warringholz is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 301 people lived there.

Melsdorf

Melsdorf is a municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Achterwehr

Achterwehr is a municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bingen am Rhein

Bingen am Rhein is a town of the district Mainz-Bingen in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.

Posey County, Indiana

Posey County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 25,222 people lived there. The county seat is Mount Vernon.

Altenmoor

Altenmoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Borsfleth

Borsfleth is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Franklinton, Louisiana

Franklinton is the parish seat of Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Livingston, South Carolina

Livingston is a town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 132 at the 2020 census.

Diana Sands

Diana Patricia Sands (August 22, 1934September 21, 1973) was an American actress. She was best known for her role of Beneatha Younger, the sister of Sidney Poitier's character in the original stage and movie versions of Lorraine Hansberry's "A Raisin in the Sun" (1961). Sands was born in New York City.

Sanders died on September 21, 1973 of leiomyosarcoma in New York City, aged 39.

Multiculturalism in Canada

Multiculturalism in Canada is a very important part of the culture of Canada. Beginning in the 1970s and 1980s, the Canadian government officially began pushing for multiculturalism in policy. Because of this, the federal government has sometimes been called the "instigator" (or starters) of multiculturalism being an ideology. They often try to bring attention to the importance of immigration to Canada.
Canadians use the word "multiculturalism" in many different ways. Sometimes they use it to describe the many different religious traditions and cultural influences. They say that this creates a very special cultural mosaic of Canada. The country is full of people that come from many different racial, religious, and cultural origins. Since Canada was created, there has been a lot of immigration. By the beginning of the 21st century, there were more people that were not of a British or French background.

In Canada there are many examples of multiculturalism. for example, Canada lets in refugees, immigrants, and do not care about any race, religion, or culture. Canada also has their immigration leader an immigrant.

Washington State Capitol

The Washington State Capitol or "Legislative Building" in Olympia is the home of the government of the state of Washington. It has the chambers for the Washington State Legislature and offices for the governor, lieutenant governor, secretary of state and treasurer.


Pachyderm

Pachyderm (meaning 'thick skin', from the Greek , and ) is an old term for
elephants, rhinoceroses and hippopotamuses.

Genetics has now shown that rhinos, hippos, and elephants are not closely related to each other. Rhinos are closely related to tapirs, but both rhinos and tapirs are much more closely related to horses than to hippos or elephants. 

The closest relatives of hippos are whales and dolphins. Hippos and whales are more closely related to cows, pigs, deer, antelopes, and giraffes than other pachyderms. 

The closest relatives of elephants seem to be manatees, dugongs, and hyraxes, which are all only distantly related to other pachyderms.

Instead of being descended from a common ancestor, today's science shows that these animals just made similar adaptations independently through convergent evolution.

Elephants, rhinoceroses and hippopotamuses are classified as separate clades altogether. Rhinos, hippos, pigs, peccaries, horses, zebras, donkeys and tapirs are classified in clade Laurasiatheria, while elephants, hyraxes, manatees and dugongs are classified in clade Afrotheria.

Jim Frey

James Gottfried Frey (May 26, 1931 – April 12, 2020) was an American manager and coach in Major League Baseball. He led the Kansas City Royals to their first American League championship in 1980. In the World Series, they lost to the Philadelphia Phillies. He also managed the Chicago Cubs.

Frey was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He died on April 12, 2020 in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida at the age of 88.



Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida

Ponte Vedra Beach is an unincorporated seaside community in St. Johns County, Florida, United States. 

It is located eighteen miles (29 km) southeast of downtown Jacksonville and north of St. Augustine.

Culver, Indiana

Culver is a town in Marshall County, Indiana, United States. 

Culver was originally called Union Town, and under the latter name was laid out in 1844. It was later renamed for Henry Harrison Culver, head of the Culver Academies.

FamilyMart

FamilyMart can also be found in other countries, like, China, Philippines, Vietnam, and Thailand.


Sharqia Governorate

Sharqia Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is Zagazig.

The following cities are in Sharqia Governorate:

Some notable people who were born, or lived, in Sharqia are:

Red Sea Governorate

Red Sea Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital and largest city is Hurghada. It is between the Nile and the Red Sea in the southeast of the country.

Sohag Governorate

Sohag Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. Since 1960, its capital has been the city of Sohag. Prior to that, the capital was the city of Girga and the name of the governorate was Girga Governorate.



South Sinai Governorate

South Sinai Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is El Tor. It has the fewest people of any governorate in Egypt. It is on the southern half of the Sinai Peninsula.

Saint Catherine's Monastery, an Eastern Orthodox Church monastery and UNESCO World Heritage site, is in the central part of the governorate. Raithu Monastery is in El Tor. Other important sites in the governorate are Wadi Mukattab and Wadi Feiran.


Suez Governorate

Suez Governorate is a governorate in Egypt. The capital city is also named Suez. The governorate is north of the Gulf of Suez.

Carl Dobkins Jr.

Carl Edward Dobkins Jr. (January 13, 1941 – April 8, 2020) was an American singer. He is best known for his rockabilly hit, "My Heart Is an Open Book", released in 1958. The single reached No. 3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1959. The record also won a gold disc as it sold over one million copies. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Dobkins died on April 8, 2020, at the age of 79.

Ahuachapán Department

Ahuachapán is a department of El Salvador. The capital is also named Ahuachapán.


Madeleine Fischer

Madeleine Fischer (12 November 1935 – 8 April 2020) was a Swiss actress. She worked most notably in Italy. Her movie credits include "Le Amiche" (1955), "The Bachelor" (1955), "I pappagalli" (1955), "Lazzarella" (1957) and "The Day the Sky Exploded" (1958). She was born in Romanshorn.

Fischer died on 8 April 2020 in Gubbio, Umbria, Italy. She was 84.

Sonsonate Department

Sonsonate is a department in El Salvador. The capital city is also named Sonsonate.


Harry Wouters van den Oudenweijer

H. J. M. "Harry" Wouters van den Oudenweijer (5 July 1933 – 7 April 2020) was a Dutch equestrian show jumper. At the 1977 European Show Jumping Championships in Rome, he won the European title as part of the Dutch national team. He retired from competing in the sport in 1988. He later had a coaching career. He was born in Elst, Gelderland.

Wouters van den Oudenweijer died on 7 April 2020 at the age of 86.

La Libertad Department (El Salvador)

La Libertad is a department in El Salvador. The capital city is Santa Tecla.


Spaghetti-tree hoax

The spaghetti-tree hoax was a hoax news report made by the BBC on April Fools' Day in 1957. The hoax showed a family in Ticino, Switzerland picking spaghetti from a "spaghetti tree".

About eight million people watched the hoax on April Fools' Day in 1957. At the time, spaghetti was rare in the United Kingdom. It was also sometimes considered a delicacy there. The next day, hundreds of people called the BBC to see if spaghetti trees were real and how to grow them. The BBC told callers to put some spaghetti in a can of tomato sauce and "hope for the best".

The BBC showed the hoax on a television programme called "Panorama". A reporter named Charles de Jaeger made the hoax. He remembered how his teachers said his classmates would think spaghetti grew on trees. He got a budget of £100 to make the hoax. The hoax was reported by a trusted reporter named Richard Dimbleby. In 2010, CNN said it is the biggest hoax ever made by a trusted news organisation. It is also one of the first hoaxes on television.


Gérard Mannoni

Gérard Mannoni (1 January 1928 – 1 April 2020) was a French sculptor. He was born in Bastia. He studied at the École des Métiers d'Art, the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts, the Académie Julian, and the Académie de la Grande Chaumière. 

He worked in the workshops of Marcel Gimond, Hubert Yencesse, and Ossip Zadkine. Mannoni made his first group exhibition at the Galerie Breteau in a group with André Bloc, Robert Jacobsen, Marino Di Teana, Claude Parent, and others.

Mannoni died on 1 April 2020 in Viry-Châtillon at the age of 92 of COVID-19.

Chalatenango Department

Chalatenango is a department of El Salvador, in the northwest of the country. The capital city is also named Chalatenango. Chalatenango was made a department on February 14, 1855.

The highest point in the country, El Pital with an elevation of 2730.06 m, is in Chalatenango Department. 


Jacques Blamont

Jacques Emile Blamont (13 October 1926 – 13 April 2020) was a French astrophysicist and author. He was the founder scientific and technical director of National Centre for Space Studies (CNES-Centre national d'études spatiales). Blamont was known to have worked to the development of Veronique, the first rocket launched by France in 1957. He was born in Paris.

He was an elected fellow of the French Academy of Technologies and a professor emeritus of the Pierre and Marie Curie University (University of Paris VI).

Blamont was honored as Commander of the Legion of Honour and Padma Shri.

Blamont died on 13 April 2020 in Châtillon, Hauts-de-Seine, aged 93.

Kerstin Meyer

Kerstin Margareta Meyer (3 April 1928 – 14 April 2020) was a Swedish mezzo-soprano. He had an international career on the opera stage and concert platform. Meyer was born in Stockholm. She worked for Hamburg State Opera.

Meyer appeared in the title role of Bizet's "Carmen" in the Wieland Wagner/Sawallisch production (1959) and creating the roles of Mrs. Claiborne in Gunther Schuller's "The Visitation" (1966), Alice Arden in Alexander Goehr's "Arden Must Die" (1967), and Gertrude in Humphrey Searle's "Hamlet" (1968).

She was the rector of Operahögskolan i Stockholm from 1984 to 1994. 

Meyer died on 14 April 2020 in Stockholm, aged 92.

Pip and Jane Baker

Philip (1928 – 14 April 2020) and Jane Baker (died 8 September 2014), professionally known as Pip and Jane Baker, were an English husband-and-wife team of television writers. They were well known mainly for their works to the BBC science-fiction series "Doctor Who". The Bakers worked on four differerent serials for the programme in the 1980s: "The Mark of the Rani" (1985), "The Trial of a Time Lord" (1986), Parts 9–12 and 14 (also known as "Terror of the Vervoids" and "The Ultimate Foe"); and "Time and the Rani" (1987). 

Jane Baker died on 8 September 2014, while Pip Baker died on 14 April 2020.

Hugh Rossi

Sir Hugh Alexis Louis Rossi, KCSG, KHS, FKC (21 June 1927 – April 2020) was a British Conservative politician. He was Minister for Disabled People from 1981 to 1983 during the cabinet of Margaret Thatcher.

He was a councillor on Hornsey Borough Council, serving from 1956 to 1965. Rossi was Member of Parliament (MP) for Hornsey from 1966 to 1983, and (after boundary changes) for Hornsey and Wood Green, 1983 to 1992.

Rossi died in April 2020 at the age of 92.

Ron Wylie

Ronald Maurice Wylie (6 August 1933 – 14 April 2020) was a Scottish football player, coach and manager. He played as a right half or inside forward for Notts County, Aston Villa and Birmingham City. He was manager of West Bromwich Albion between 1982 and 1984. Wylie was born in Glasgow.

Wylie died on 14 April 2020 of a long-illness, aged 86.

Betty Gilpin

Elizabeth Folan Gilpin (born July 21, 1986) is an American actress. She was born in New York City. Gilpin is best known for playing Debbie "Liberty Belle" Eagan in the Netflix comedy series "GLOW" (2017–present). 

She was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. 

She also starred as Dr. Carrie Roman in the Showtime comedy-drama series "Nurse Jackie" (2013–2015). In 2020, she starred as Detective Linda Watts in the Netflix comedy movie "Coffee & Kareem".

The Smurfs (TV series)

The Smurfs (syndicated as Smurfs' Adventures) is an American-Belgian animated fantasy-comedy children's television series. It aired on NBC from 12 September 1981 to 2 December 1989. It was created by Hanna-Barbera Productions.

It is based on the Belgian comic series by the same name, created by Belgian cartoonist Peyo and aired for 256 episodes with a total of 418 stories.


Danny Goldman

Daniel Goldman (October 30, 1939 – April 12, 2020) was an American actor and casting director. He was known as the voice of Brainy Smurf in Hanna-Barbera's "The Smurfs" (1981–1989) and as the medical student in the opening scene of "Young Frankenstein" (1974). Goldman was born in New York City.

Goldman died on April 12, 2020 in Los Angeles from problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 80.

Hillel Furstenberg

Hillel (Harry) Furstenberg () (born September 29, 1935) is a German-born American-Israeli mathematician. He is a professor emeritus at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities and the National Academy of Sciences. He is a winner of the Abel Prize and the Wolf Prize in Mathematics. 

He is known for his works on probability theory and ergodic theory methods to other areas of mathematics, including number theory and Lie groups. He was born in Berlin, but was raised in New York City.

Grigory Margulis

Grigory Aleksandrovich Margulis (, first name often given as Gregory, Grigori or Gregori; born February 24, 1946) is a Russian-American mathematician. He was born in Moscow. Margulis was known for his work on lattices in Lie groups, and the creation of methods from ergodic theory into diophantine approximation. 

He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1978, a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2005, and an Abel Prize in 2020, becoming the fifth mathematician to receive the three prizes. 

In 1991, he joined the faculty of Yale University. He is the Erastus L. De Forest Professor of Mathematics.

M. S. Narasimhan

Mudumbai Seshachalu Narasimhan (7 June 1932 – 16 May 2021) was an Indian mathematician. He was known, along with C. S. Seshadri, for their proof of the Narasimhan–Seshadri theorem. He was elected as a member of the Fellows of the Royal Society. He was the only Indian to receive the King Faisal International Prize in the field of science.

Narasimhan died on 16 May 2021, aged 88.

C. S. Seshadri

Conjeevaram Srirangachari Seshadri FRS (29 February 1932 – 17 July 2020) was an Indian mathematician. He was the founder and "Director-Emeritus" of the Chennai Mathematical Institute. He was known for his work in algebraic geometry. The Seshadri constant is named after him. He was a recipient of the Padma Bhushan in 2009, the third highest civilian honor in the country.

Seshadri died on 17 July 2020, aged 88.

Dasharatha

Dashrathaa is father of lord Rama in the Hindu mythology

Miguel Ángel D'Annibale

Miguel Ángel D'Annibale (27 March 1959 – 14 April 2020) was an Argentine bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Florida Este, Buenos Aires. He became a priest in 1985. From 2013 until 2018, he served as bishop of Río Gallegos. From June 2018 until his death in 2020, D'Annibale was bishop of San Martín. 

On 14 April 2020, D'Annibale died due to acute myeloid leukaemia in Buenos Aires. He was 61.

Slurpee

Slurpee is a brand of slushy sold by the convenience store 7-Eleven. Slurpees come in many different flavors. The first Slurpee was sold by 7-Eleven in 1966.

For twenty-three years, Winnipeg, Manitoba has been named the Slurpee Capital of the World with 188,833 Slurpees being sold in Winnipeg compared to 179,700 in the rest of Canada. In 2015, a Winnipeg 7-Eleven store poured the World's largest Slurpee.

Every year, free small Slurpees are sold on July 11, which is know as 7-Eleven Day.

Dámaso García

Dámaso Domingo García Sánchez (7 February 1957 – 15 April 2020) was a Dominican baseball player. He was born in Moca. He is best known for his time spent at Major League Baseball's Toronto Blue Jays from 1980 to 1986. He also played in MLB for the New York Yankees (1978–1979), the Atlanta Braves (1987–1988) and the Montreal Expos (1989). He was also a two-time All-Star (1984, 1985).

Before his professional baseball career, García was a footballer. He captained both Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra and the Dominican Republic national team.

García died in San Pedro de Macorís on 15 April 2020 at the age of 63.

Zebedee

Zebedee was a fisherman from Galilee who was the father of James and John who were disciples (followers) of Jesus. A story in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Mark says he was in a boat with his two sons when Jesus called them to follow him. He stayed in the boat with other men who worked for him. This could mean he was rich enough to hire others to help in his fishing work. The two sons were also fishermen when Jesus called them. Other than this short report, not much can be known for sure about Zebedee.

Cuscatlán Department

Cuscatlán is a department of El Salvador. The capital city is Cojutepeque.

With a surface area of , it is El Salvador's smallest department. It was created on 22 May 1835.


Adam Alsing

Rolf Adam Engelbrekt Alsing (12 October 1968 – 15 April 2020) was a Swedish television and radio host. He is best known as the host of the Swedish version of "Big Brother" (2000–2005; 2014–2015). He also presented his own talk show, "Adam Live", as well as the Swedish version of "Jeopardy!". He was born in Karlstad.

On 15 April 2020, Alsing died of COVID-19 in Stockholm. He was 51.

San Salvador Department

San Salvador is a department in El Salvador. The capital is San Salvador, which is also the national capital. 

It became a department on June 12, 1824.


La Paz Department (El Salvador)

La Paz is a department in El Salvador. The capital is Zacatecoluca. The department was created in 1852.


Cabañas Department

Cabañas is a department of El Salvador. Its capital is Sensuntepeque. It became a department in February 1873.

The department takes its name from the Central-American hero General José Trinidad Cabañas. Later in life he served as a minister in El Salvador.


San Vicente Department

San Vicente is a department of El Salvador. The capital is San Vicente. The department was created on June 12, 1824.


Willie Davis (defensive end)

William Delford Davis (July 24, 1934 – April 15, 2020) was an American football defensive end and businessman. Davis played football at Grambling State University. Davis spent 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL), playing for the Cleveland Browns and the Green Bay Packers. Davis was born in Lisbon, Louisiana. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1981.

Davis died on April 15, 2020 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California of kidney failure, aged 85.

Lisbon, Louisiana

Lisbon is a village in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 173 at the 2020 census. Lisbon is located east of the parish seat of Homer.

Gary McSpadden

Gary McSpadden (January 26, 1943 – April 15, 2020) was an American pastor, gospel singer-songwriter, record producer, television host and motivational speaker. He was born in Mangum, Oklahoma. He performed with The Statesmen, The Oak Ridge Boys, The Imperials, The Bill Gaither Trio, and The Gaither Vocal Band.

McSpadden's songs include "Jesus Lord To Me", "Hallelujah Praise The Lamb", and "No Other Name But Jesus". He has produced albums for many groups. In 1987, he co-hosted "PTL Today" after Jim Bakker resigned. He also produced and starred in several live music shows in the Branson area during the 1990s and 2000s.

McSpadden died at a hospital in Tulsa, Oklahoma on April 15, 2020 of pancreatic cancer, aged 77.

Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza

Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza (13 November 1935 – 14 April 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was Governor of the State of Mexico from 1989 to 1993. For a brief time in 1994, he was President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. Pichardo Pagaza was born in Toluca, State of Mexico, Mexico.

Pichardo Pagaza died in Mexico City on 14 April 2020 from surgery-related problems, aged 84.

Haydar Baş

Haydar Baş (28 January 1947 – 14 April 2020) was a Turkish politician and businessman. He was one of the founders of the Independent Turkey Party and was the party's leader until his death. He was also the leader of the smaller branch of the Qadiriyya tariqa in Turkey. He was also the owner of many media organizations such as Meltem TV, Mesaj TV and "Öğüt", "Mesaj", "İcmal" magazines together with "Yeni Mesaj" newspaper.

He died on 14 April 2020 at a hospital in Trabzon from COVID-19, aged 73.

Cyril Lawrence

Cyril Lawrence (12 June 1920 – 14 April 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a winger. He played in the English football league for Rochdale and Wrexham. He was born in Salford, England.

Lawrence died of COVID-19 on 14 April 2020 at Royal Bolton Hospital in Farnworth, Greater Manchester, during the 2020 coronavirus pandemic, aged 99.

Joel M. Reed

Joel M. Reed (December 29, 1933 – April 13, 2020) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in New York City. Reed was best known for directing the controversial "Blood Sucking Freaks". Reed also directed the movies "The G.I. Executioner" ("Wit's End / Dragon Lady / Wild Dragon Lady"), (1971) and "Night of the Zombies" ("Gamma 693" / "Sister of Death / Battalion of the Living Dead") (1981).

Reed died on April 13, 2020, aged 86, in New York City from the COVID-19 virus.


Jacques Maury

Jacques Maury (10 November 1920 – 12 April 2020) was a French pastor. He was born in Clamart, France. Maury became pastor of the Reformed Church in Lezay after World War II. He was President of the French Federation of Christian Student Associations from 1957 to 1962, and then pastor at the Reformed Church in Poitiers. 

In 1968, Maury was elected President of the Reformed Church of France, then President of the Protestant Federation of France in 1977. He left this job in 1987. He was elected President of Cimade in 1989. He left the job in 1995. From 1981 to 1990, he chaired working group between the World Council of Churches and the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity.

He was made Officer of the Legion of Honour in 1995.

Maury died on Easter Sunday, 12 April 2020 in Clichy at the age of 99.

Simon Barrington-Ward

Simon Barrington-Ward (27 May 1930 – 11 April 2020) was a bishop in the Church of England. He was the General Secretary of Church Missionary Society (CMS) from 1975 to 1985. From 1985 to 1997, he was the seventh Bishop of Coventry. Barrington-Ward was later a bishop with pastoral care at the University of Cambridge. In 2001, he was made Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George.

Barrington-Ward died on 11 April 2020, aged 89.

Dirk van den Broek

Dirk van den Broek (; 27 March 1924 – 8 April 2020) was a Dutch businessman. He was the founder of the "Samenwerkende Dirk van den Broek Bedrijven". A couple of years later he changed his stores, just into Dirk named after himself. He was founder of travel agent D-reizen. He was born in Amsterdam.

Van den Broek died at the age of 96 on 8 April 2020.

IPhone SE (2nd generation)

The second-generation iPhone SE is a smartphone designed by Apple Inc. It is meant as the successor to the iPhone 8, and the first-generation iPhone SE released in March 2016. Apple announced the device on April 15, 2020 with pre-orders set on April 17, 2020. It was released in Apple's online store worldwide on April 24, 2020.

The new iPhone SE uses the A13 chip found in the iPhone 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max devices. Like the iPhone 8, it retains the Touch ID fingerprint sensor inside a physical home button, and a 4.7″ LCD screen (compared to the smaller 4.0″ screen on the original iPhone SE). It is available in the colors black, white, and (Product)RED. All color finishes of the phone have a black front.

IPhone SE

iPhone SE is a series of iPhone models, which comes in 3 generations.


San Vicente

San Vicente is Spanish for Saint Vincent.

San Vicente may also refer to:














Conrad Black

Conrad Moffat Black, Baron Black of Crossharbour KCSG (born August 25, 1944), is a Canadian-born British former newspaper publisher, author, and convicted felon. Black was in charge of Hollinger International. It published "The Daily Telegraph" (UK), "Chicago Sun-Times" (U.S.), "The Jerusalem Post" (Israel), "National Post" (Canada), and hundreds of community newspapers in North America.

In October 2002, Black became a member of the House of Lords. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

In 2007, he was found guilty on four counts of fraud in U.S. District Court in Chicago. While two of the criminal fraud charges were dropped on appeal, a conviction for felony fraud and obstruction of justice were upheld in 2010. He was re-sentenced to 42 months in prison and a fine of $125,000.

In 2019, President Donald Trump granted him a full pardon.

The Stanley Hotel

The Stanley Hotel is a 140-room Colonial Revival hotel in Estes Park, Colorado, United States. It is about five miles from the entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park. It was built by Freelan Oscar Stanley of Stanley Steamer fame and opened on July 4, 1909. It was built as a resort for rich people and a health retreat for tuberculosis victims. 

The hotel and its surrounding structures are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

The Stanley Hotel is the inspiration for the Overlook Hotel in Stephen King's 1977 bestselling novel "The Shining" and as the filming location for the 1997 TV miniseries, also written by King.

Estes Park, Colorado

Estes Park is a statutory town in Larimer County, Colorado, United States. Estes Park had a population of 5,904 at the 2020 census. It is near Rocky Mountain National Park. Landmarks include The Stanley Hotel and The Baldpate Inn.


Ed Genson

Edward Marvin Genson (June 30, 1941 – April 15, 2020) was an American attorney. He represented high-profile people such as former Republic Windows CEO Richard Gillman, musician R. Kelly, newspaper owner Conrad Black, and Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Genson died April 15, 2020 from bile duct cancer in Chicago, aged 78.

Bernard Deconinck

Bernard Deconinck (26 April 1936 – 15 April 2020) was a French track cyclist. He was born in Lille. He won a silver medal in the amateur motor-paced racing at the 1959 World Championships in Amsterdam. He became professional in 1960.

Deconinck died on 15 April 2020 in Cavaillon. He was 83.

Abhimanyu

Abhimanyu was the son of arjuna. He is described as a great person in the epic mahabharata. He was one of the youngest warrior to be killed in the war. Besides Arjun from pandavas side he knew about the chakravayuh but not completely. It was the reason of his fall. His uncles tried to save him but after each obstacle in the chakravayuh everyone was left behind. He was the only one to reach in the middle.
His son Parikshit ruled over after Yudhistra.

ESC Clermont Business School

ESC Clermont Business School is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in Clermont-Ferrand. It has been created in 1919.

ESC Clermont is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Gérard Mulumba Kalemba

Gérard Mulumba Kalemba (8 July 1937 – 15 April 2020) was a Congolese bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Kananga. He became a priest in 1967. He served as bishop of Mweka from 1989 until his retirement in 2017. His brother, Étienne Tshisekedi, and nephew, Félix Tshisekedi, both served as president of their country.

On 15 April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Mulumba Kalemba died of COVID-19 in Kinshasa. He was 82.

The National Archives (United Kingdom)

The National Archives (TNA, ) is a storage of data (or an archive) based in the United Kingdom.

4Q120

]

4Q120 (also pap4QLXXLev; VH 46; Rahlfs 802; LDAB 3452) is a Septuagint manuscript (LXX) of the biblical Book of Leviticus, which was found at Qumran. The Rahlfs-No. is 802. Palaoegraphycally it dates from the first century BCE.

In the manuscript it is attested use of Ιαω to translate the tetragrammaton in Leviticus 3:12 (frg. 6) and 4:27 (frg. 20)

Greek text according to A. R. Meyer:

Lev 4:27 

[αφεθησεται ]αυτωι εαν[ δε ψυχη μια] <br>
[αμαρτ]η[ι α]κουσιως εκ[ του λαου της] <br>
[γης ]εν τωι ποιησαι μιαν απ[ο πασων] <br>
των εντολων ιαω ου πο[ιηθησε] 

Lev 3:12–13

[τωι ιαω] εαν δ[ε απο των αιγων] <br>
[το δωρ]ον αυτο[υ και προσαξει εν] <br>
[αντι ι]αω και ε[πιθησει τας χει] 

Currently the manuscript is housed in the Rockefeller Museum in Jerusalem.

John McRay

John Robert McRay (17 December 1931 - 24 August 2018) was an archaeologist, and professor emeritus of New Testament at Wheaton College (Illinois). He supervised excavating teams in the Holy Land: Caesarea, Sepphoris, and Herodium. He also was an expert in the languages, cultures, geography, and history of Israel-Palestine.


Lloyd Gaston

Lloyd Henry Gaston (2 December 1929 – 24 September 2006) was a theologan, biblical scholar, associate professor, and professor emeritus of New Testament at Vancouver School of Theology. He also was a president of the Canadian Society of Biblical Studies and Pastor of First Presbyterian Church (Edmonton).


Charles Perrot (priest)

Charles Perrot, (16 February 1929 - 11 November 2013) was a French priest, honorary professor of the Catholic Institute of Paris, a world-renowned biblist and a specialist in contemporary Judaism of Jesus.



Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 5101

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 5101, (designated as P.Oxy.LXXVII 5101, LDAB 140272 or Rahlfs 2227) is a papyrus roll which now only survives as small pieces. It is written in Koine Greek of the Septuagint (LXX). It has been palaeographycally dated to have been written between 50 and 150 C.E.

The manuscript contains the tetragrammaton to represent the Divine Name of God (Yahweh) written in palaeo-Hebrew script.

Bhima

Bhima (, IAST: Bhīma) is the second son of the Pandavas. The "Mahabharata" has many events which shows the strength of Bhima. Bhima is responsible for killing all hundred Kaurava brothers in the Kurukshetra War. He was considered to have the physical strength of around 10,000 elephants.

Hans Prade

Hans Orlando Prade (23 July 1938 – 3 April 2020) was a Surinamese diplomat. During his early political career, he worked with Ronald Venetiaan. Later Prade became a member of the Progressieve Nationale Partij. During the coup, Prade was a commentator on Suriname radio. 

Prade was the Surinamese ambassador to the Netherlands from 1981 to 1982. In 1991, he tried to run for President of Suriname, but lost the election to Ronald Venetiaan.

Prade died on 3 April 2020 in Rotterdam of COVID-19, aged 81.

Frits Flinkevleugel

Frederik Arnoldus Flinkevleugel (3 November 1939 – 10 April 2020) was a Dutch footballer who played as a right back. He was born in Amsterdam. Flinkevleugel played for DWS and FC Amsterdam. He played for the national team from 1964 to 1967.

Flinkevleugel died of COVID-19 on 10 April 2020 at the age of 80.

Kim H. Veltman

Kim Henry Veltman (5 September 1948 – 1 April 2020) was a Canadian historian of science and art. He is the director of the "Virtual Maastricht McLuhan Institute" (VMMI). He was known for his works in the fields of "linear perspective and the visual dimensions of science and art," new media, culture and society. He was born in Friesland, Netherlands. His best known work is "Studies on Leonardo da Vinci I," (1986). where he focused on the works and legacy of Leonardo Da Vinci.

Kim H. Veltman died of COVID-19 in the Netherlands, aged 71.

Ranjit Chowdhry

Ranjit Chowdhry (19 September 1955 – 15 April 2020) was an Indian actor. He was best known for his roles in television and theatre. He appeared in two episodes of "The Office" as Vikram. He also starred as Dr. Gudat in "Prison Break", Dr. Gupta in "Last Holiday" and as Sabhi in "Baton Baton Mein".

Chowdhry was born in Mumbai. He died at a hospital in Mumbai from gastrointestinal bleeding on 15 April 2020, aged 64.

George Curtis Smith

George Curtis Smith (August 8, 1935 – April 15, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. He was nominated to the court in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and retired in 2002. Smith was born in Columbus, Ohio.

Smith died on April 15, 2020 at a hospital in Columbus from heart and kidney failure at the age of 84.

Francesco Di Carlo

Francesco Di Carlo (February 18, 1941 – April 16, 2020) was an Italian mobster. He was a member of Sicilian Mafia who became a state witness (pentito - a mafioso turned informer) in 1996. He was accused of being the killer of the Roberto Calvi. Di Carlo was in charge of Banco Ambrosiano and worked closely with the Vatican Bank. He was born in Altofonte, Italy.

Di Carlo died of COVID-19 in Paris on April 16, 2020, aged 79.

Altofonte

Altofonte (Sicilian: Parcu) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about southwest of Palermo.

Milena Jelinek

Milena Jelinek (Czech: Milena Jelínková, née Tobolová) (1935 – April 16, 2020) was a Czech-American screenwriter, playwright and teacher. She wrote the screenplay for the movie "Forgotten Light", which was awarded three Czech Lions in 1997. She was an important person during the Czech New Wave. She was married to the late Frederick Jelinek. Jelinek was born in Prague.

Jelinek died on April 16, 2020 of COVID-19 in New York City, aged 84.

Sicilian Mafia

The Sicilian Mafia, also known as simply the Mafia and also know by its members as Cosa Nostra (), is an Italian, Mafia-terrorist-type, organized crime syndicate. It began in Sicily.

The basic group is known as a "family", "clan", or "cosca". Each family claims sovereignty over a territory, usually a town or village or a neighbourhood of a larger city.

Its members call themselves "men of honour", although the public often calls them as "mafiosi". The Mafia often did protection racketeering, "fixed" problems between criminals, and the organizing and oversight of illegal agreements and transactions. 

Visteon Dockable Entertainment

The Visteon Dockable Entertainment device was a Game Boy Advance-type device resembling a car DVD player.

Frederick Jelinek

Frederick Jelinek (18 November 1932 – 14 September 2010) was a Czech-American researcher. His works focused in information theory, automatic speech recognition, and natural language processing. He was well known for his quote, "Every time I fire a linguist, the performance of the speech recognizer goes up". 

Jelinek taught for 10 years at Cornell University before being offered a job at IBM Research. In 1961, he married Czech screenwriter Milena Jelinek. After IBM, he went to head the Center for Language and Speech Processing at Johns Hopkins University for 17 years.

Jelinek died of a heart attack in Baltimore, Maryland on 14 September 2010 at the age of 77.

Meghan Ory

Meghan Ory (born August 20, 1982) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Red Riding Hood/Ruby on the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time". She also starred in the CBS drama "Intelligence" as Riley Neal. 

Israel Gelfand

Israel Moiseevich Gelfand, also written Israïl Moyseyovich Gel'fand, or Izrail M. Gelfand (, ; – 5 October 2009) was a famous Soviet mathematician. He worked on many branches of mathematics, including group theory and other areas related to differential equations.

He received many awards, including the Order of Lenin and the first Wolf Prize, he was also a Foreign Fellow of the Royal Society and professor at Moscow State University, and worked at Rutgers University after immigrating to the United States shortly before his 76th birthday.


Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi

Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi (; ; 10 December 1804 – 18 February 1851) was a German mathematician who contributed to elliptic functions, differential equations, determinants, and number theory. He was the first Jewish mathematician to be appointed professor at a German university.

Mario Donatone

Mario Giacinto Donatone (9 June 1933 – 14 April 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Tripoli, Libya to Italian parents. He was known for his role as Mosca in "The Godfather Part III". He also starred in "Phenomena" and "".

Donatone died in Rome on 14 April 2020 at the age of 86.

John Wick (movie)

John Wick (also known as John Wick: Chapter 1) is a 2014 American neo-noir action movie directed by Chad Stahelski, in his directorial debut, and written by Derek Kolstad. It stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Alfie Allen, Adrianne Palicki, Bridget Moynahan, Dean Winters, Ian McShane, John Leguizamo, and Willem Dafoe. It is the first movie in the "John Wick" movie series.

The movie received positive reviews. Many critics called it one of Reeves' best performances and one of the best action movies of 2014. It made $86 million worldwide.

John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum

John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum is a 2019 American neo-noir action thriller movie. It stars Keanu Reeves as the main character. It is the third movie in the "John Wick" movie series. The movie is directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad, Shay Hatten, Chris Collins, and Marc Abrams.

It also stars Halle Berry, Laurence Fishburne, Mark Dacascos, Asia Kate Dillon, Lance Reddick, Anjelica Huston, and Ian McShane. 

"Parabellum" was released in the United States on May 17, 2019, by Lionsgate. It has made $326 million worldwide, becoming the highest-money making movie of the franchise in just 10 days. It received positive reviews. 

Ernst-Georg Schwill

Ernst-Georg Schwill (30 March 1939 – 9 April 2020) was a German actor. He was born in Berlin. Schwill was best known for his roles as Max in "Alarm in the Circus" (1954), Strups in "A Berlin Romance" (1966) and as Gustav in the 1968 miniseries "The Shield and the Sword". 

Schwill died of a heart attack on 9 April 2020 in Berlin, aged 81.

Danièle Hoffman-Rispal

Danièle Hoffman-Rispal (22 June 1951 – 16 April 2020) was a French politician of Jewish descent. She was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2002 to 2012. She represented the city of Paris. Hoffman-Rispal was a member of the Socialist Party.

Hoffman-Rispal died on 16 April 2020 in Paris at the age of 68.

Elastic limit

The elastic limit is the maximum amount an object can stretch before breaking (it cannot go back to its original state) if the object stretches at all.

Ksenia Tripolitova

Ksenia Arturovna Tripolitova (7 May 1915 – 9 April 2020) was a Russian-born French ballet dancer. She was born in Vilna, Russian Empire. She began studying in the studio of Lyubov Yegorova. She was known for touring with her husband Nikolai Tripolitov during the 1930s and 1940s. In the 1960s, she began a solo career. Tripolitova was known for performing during World War II when Nazis were fighting in France. 

In 1949 she performed in Switzerland. At the end of the 1950s, she and her husband formed a vocal and dance ensemble "Troika". In the years 1954-1955 she worked in the opera theater in Tunis . In 1957 she performed together with the Ural Cossack choir in Spain.

Tripolitova turned 100 in April 2015. She died in Paris on 9 April 2020, aged 104.

Albert Almoznino

Albert Almoznino (; March 3, 1923 – April 7, 2020) was a Moroccan-born Israeli hand shadow artist. His career began in 1958. He became well known in the 1960s, when he performed his hand shadow skills at Radio City Music Hall in New York, Paris Olympia and during the "The Ed Sullivan Show". Almoznino was born in Mogador (Essaouira), Morocco.

Almoznino died on April 7, 2020 at the age of 97.

Santiago Lanzuela

Santiago Lanzuela Marina (27 September 1948 – 16 April 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Teruel, Spain. He was the President of the Government of Aragon from 1995 to 1999. He was a member of the Aragonese Party.

Lanzuela died of COVID-19 in Madrid on 16 April 2020, aged 71.


Keiji Fujiwara

in "Hunter x Hunter", Shiro Fujimoto in "Ao no Exorcist" and Esidisi in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Battle Tendency". 

In the live action, he was mostly known for dubbing actor Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man/Tony Stark.

Fujiwara died, aged 55 of cancer on April 12, 2020.

President of Suriname

The President of the Republic of Suriname () is, in accordance with the Constitution of 1987, the head of state and head of government of Suriname, and commander-in-chief of the Suriname National Army (SNL).

Hendrick Chin A Sen

Hendrick Rudolf "Henk" Chin A Sen (; 18 January 1934 – 11 August 1999) was a Surinamese politician who was the President of Suriname from 15 August 1980 until 4 February 1982.

Fred Ramdat Misier

Lachmipersad Frederik "Fred" Ramdat Misier (28 October 1926 – 25 July 2004) was the 3rd President of Suriname from 1982 to 1988.

Ramsewak Shankar

Ramsewak Shankar (born November 6, 1937) is a Surinamese politician. He was the 4th President of Suriname from 1988 to 1990. His government was overthrown by Dési Bouterse leading a bloodless military coup. Shankar was Agriculture & Fisheries Minister from 1969 to 1971. 

Johan Kraag

Johannes Samuel Petrus "Johan" Kraag (July 29, 1913 – May 24, 1996) was a Surinamese politician. He was the President of Suriname from December 29, 1990, until September 16, 1991.

Jules Wijdenbosch

Jules Albert Wijdenbosch (born 2 May 1942) is a Surinamese politician. He was President of Suriname from 1996 to 2000. He was a member of the National Democratic Party. He was Prime Minister from April 1987 until January 1988, Vice President from January 1991 until September 1991.

List of prime ministers of Suriname

Below is a list of prime ministers of Suriname from 1949 to 1988. In 1988 the job of Prime Minister of Suriname was abolished and replaced by a Vice President, who chairs the Council of Ministers ex officio.


Wim Udenhout

Willem "Wim" Alfred Udenhout (29 September 1937 – 22 May 2023) was a Surinamese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Suriname from February 1984 to July 1986. He was a teacher and, for a time, and a Black Power activist. He was an ambassador to the United States.

John T. Houghton

Sir John Theodore Houghton (30 December 1931 – 15 April 2020) was a Welsh atmospheric physicist. He was the co-chair of the Nobel Peace Prize winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC). He was the lead editor of first three IPCC reports. He was professor in atmospheric physics at the University of Oxford. He also was a Director General at the Met Office and founder of the Hadley Centre.

Houghton died of COVID-19 on 15 April 2020, aged 88.

Daniel Davis

Daniel Davis (born November 26, 1945) is an American stage and television actor. Davis is best known for playing Niles the butler on the sitcom "The Nanny" (1993 to 1999) and for his two guest appearances as Professor Moriarty on "".


Charles Shaughnessy

Charles George Patrick Shaughnessy, 5th Baron Shaughnessy (born 9 February 1955) is a British actor. Shaughnessy is known for his roles on American television, as Shane Donovan on the soap opera "Days of Our Lives", as Maxwell Sheffield on the sitcom "The Nanny", and as the voice of Dennis the Goldfish on "Stanley". He was born in London.

Monterey Bay

Monterey Bay is a bay of the Pacific Ocean located on the coast of the U.S. state of California. The bay is south of the major cities of San Francisco and San Jose. The county-seat city of Santa Cruz is located at the north end of the bay. The city of Monterey is on the Monterey Peninsula at the south end.


Rick Carlisle

Richard Preston Carlisle ( ; born October 27, 1959) is an American basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also served as head coach of the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons. As a player, Carlisle played for the Boston Celtics, New York Knicks and New Jersey Nets. He is also one of only 11 people to win an NBA championship both as a player and as a coach.

Cocoon (movie)

Cocoon is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy-drama movie directed by Ron Howard. It is about a group of elderly people being brought back to their youth by aliens. The movie stars Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Hume Cronyn, Brian Dennehy, Jack Gilford, Steve Guttenberg, Maureen Stapleton, Jessica Tandy, Gwen Verdon, Herta Ware, Tahnee Welch, and Linda Harrison.

Linda Harrison (actress)

Linda Melson Harrison (born July 26, 1945) is an American actress, director and producer. She is known for her roles as Nova in the science fiction movie classic "Planet of the Apes" (1968) and the first sequel, "Beneath the Planet of the Apes".

Berlin, Maryland

Berlin is a town in Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is part of the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,026 at the 2020 census.

Worcester County, Maryland

Worcester County is the easternmost county of the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,460. Its county seat is Snow Hill.

Snow Hill, Maryland

Snow Hill is a town in and the county seat of Worcester County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,156 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Nathalie Baye

Nathalie Marie Andrée Baye (born 6 July 1948) is a French actress. She is known for her roles in "Every Man for Himself" (1980), "Strange Affair" (1981), "La Balance" (1982), and "The Young Lieutenant" (2005). 

In 2009, she was made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. 

Her other movie roles include "Day for Night" (1973), "Catch Me If You Can" (2002), "Tell No One" (2006) and "The Assistant" (2015).

Congregational church

Congregationalism is a way to organize Christian (usually Protestant) churches. With Congregationalism, each church or community has a lot of autonomy. Anabaptist, Baptist, and Pentecostal movements are often organised this way. It is different from Presbyteranism, where a number of elders govern the churches, and from Episcopalism, where a number of bishops govern the churches. Originally, Congregationalism was part of the Anglican church, who took some of the teachings of Jean Calvin and Huldrych Zwingli, in the 16th and 17th century. Those who wanted congregationalism usually were Puritans.

James River Valley Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

James River Valley, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 32 at the 2020 census.

Kent Township, Dickey County, North Dakota

Kent, North Dakota is a township in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 15 at the 2020 census.

Usulután Department

Usulután is a department of El Salvador. The capital city is Usulután. The department was created on June 22, 1865.

The department is home to Jiquilisco Bay and Port El Triunfo.


San Miguel Department (El Salvador)

San Miguel is a department in the eastern part of El Salvador. The capital city is also named San Miguel.


Morazán Department

Morazán is a department of El Salvador. The capital city is San Francisco Gotera.


La Unión Department

Some of the tourist sites are the Conchagua Temple, built in 1693, and ruins in Intipucá and Meanguera.


Departments of El Salvador

El Salvador is divided into 14 departments for administrative purposes. The departments are divided into a total of 262 municipalities. The country is a unitary state.

Spanish alphabet

The Spanish alphabet is a Latin alphabet of 27 letters used to write the Spanish language. It has the same letters as the ISO Basic Latin Alphabet with the additional letter Ñ, which is named "Eñe" (pronounced EN-yay). In addition to letters, the alphabet also uses accent marks to mark stressed syllables. The Spanish alphabet is fairly phonemic, which means words are usually spelled the way the sound. While different accents exist in Spanish like with any living language, pronunciation is usually fits well with spelling.

The letter combinations "CH", "LL" and "RR" used to be included as letters of the Spanish alphabet and sorted by themselves in dictionaries (but not "RR," since no Spanish words begin with "RR"), and thus the Spanish alphabet used to contain 30 letters until they were removed. They are no longer letters of the Spanish alphabet and are now just letter combinations with their own sounds. The letter K is limited in Spanish and mostly only occurs in foreign words borrowed from other languages. There are, however, some native Spanish words that do begin with the letter K (e.g. Kilo, Kilogramo, Kilómetro, etc.), and the letter W does not appear in original Spanish words, only in foreign words borrowed from other languages, and thus is hardly almost ever used in Spanish at all.

Annobón

Annobón is a province of Equatorial Guinea. It is the island of Annobón and its associated islets in the Gulf of Guinea. The capital city is San Antonio de Palé. The other town on the island is Mabana.

The island's main industries are fishing and forestry.

Annobón is an extinct volcano. The main island measures about long by wide. Its highest peak is Quioveo, which rises .

Bioko

Bioko is an island off the west coast of Africa. It is the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea. It is in the Bight of Bonny part of the Gulf of Guinea.

Bioko has a total area of . It is long and about across. Its highest peak is Pico Basile at .

Corisco

Corisco is a small island of Equatorial Guinea. It is also called Mandj.

It has an area of just . Its highest point is above sea level.

Allen Daviau

Allen Daviau, A.S.C. (June 14, 1942 – April 15, 2020) was an American cinematographer. He was known for his works with Steven Spielberg. He worked on "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial" (1982), "The Color Purple" (1985), and "Empire of the Sun" (1987). He was nominated for five Academy Awards. Daviau was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Daviau died on April 15, 2020 from COVID-19 in Los Angeles, aged 77.

Christophe (singer)

Daniel Bevilacqua, (13 October 1945 – 16 April 2020), better known by the stage name Christophe, was a French singer-songwriter, keyboardist and record producer. He was born in the Paris. Christophe became famous in the early 1960s with his first hit being "Aline". In 1971, with Francis Dreyfus, he created the Motors record label (Disques Motors). He wrote the song "Boule de flipper" for Corynne Charby.

Christophe was hospitalized under critical condition for COVID-19 and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Paris. He died on 16 April 2020, aged 74.

James H. Wilkinson

James Hardy Wilkinson FRS (27 September 1919 – 5 October 1986) was a British expert in the field of numerical analysis. His name is used for the "James H. Wilkinson Prize in Numerical Analysis and Scientific Computing" and "J. H. Wilkinson Prize for Numerical Software" given by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.

He transferred to the National Physical Laboratory in 1946, where he worked with Alan Turing. Later, Wilkinson's interests took him into numerical analysis, where he discovered many great algorithms.


Maharashtra Day

It is celebrated on 1st May. On this day state of Maharashtra was formed on 1st May,1969.

Bill Gaither (gospel singer)

William James Gaither (born March 28, 1936) is an American gospel singer-songwriter. He is known for his works with his wife Gloria. He is also known for performing as part of the Bill Gaither Trio and the Gaither Vocal Band (GVB).

Gloria Gaither

Gloria Gaither (born March 4, 1942) is a Christian songwriter, editor, educator and screenwriter. She is the wife of Bill Gaither. They have written more than 700 songs. She performed, traveled and recorded with the Bill Gaither Trio from 1965 through 1991. She became the narrator for the Gaither Homecoming series of television broadcasts in 1991.

Kyuya Masuda

Kyuya Masuda (1937–2018) is a Japanese mathematician and honored professor at the University of Tokyo. He studied about partial differential equations such as the Navier–Stokes equations and reaction-diffusion equations.

Clare, Michigan

Clare is a city in Clare and Isabella counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,254 at the 2020 census.

Clare County, Michigan

Clare County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,856. The county seat is Harrison.

Harrison, Michigan

Harrison is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,150 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Clare County.

The city is named after U.S. President William Henry Harrison.

Isabella County, Michigan

Isabella County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 64,394. Its county seat is Mount Pleasant.

Gladwin County, Michigan

Gladwin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,386. The county seat is Gladwin.

Baranwal

Baranwal (also spelled Barnwal, Burnwal, Vernwal, Baranwal, Varnwal, Barnawal) is a Hindu community found throughout northern India, including Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Gujarat along with a sprinkled presence in Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh. The name of the caste derives from "Baran" or "Barn", a former name of the Bulandshahr city. The community derives from ancient legendary king The legends describe the ancestry of Ahibaran as follows: The children of King Dharmadat established their separate state, whose children are now called Bais Rajputs. King Harshavardhana was in his lineage.[6] The child of the eldest son Subhankar continued to rule in his native state, Chandravati.[1] Their offspring were King Tendumal and his descendant Maharaja Varaksh who took the side of religion in the war of Mahabharata and died by becoming a partisan of Pandavas.[7] The remaining people left Chandravati and came to North India due to the storm in Chandravati.[2] The clan of Maharaja Varaksha laid the foundation of his kingdom in a place called 'Ahar' in the presence of the Emperor of Hastinapur.[8] In the generation of Maharaja Varaksha, King Parmal descendants from him.[9] King Ahibaran born to King Parmal. King Ahibaran was married to Varanavati, the daughter of Khandav's King, who lives in a dense forest of selection trees located in the western part of the Ikshumati River in Antravredi.[10]Ahibaran.
It's toponymic Marwari caste.

The tribes of Baranwal
Bajaj, Dhenk, Seth, Makaria (Makaria), Sambhalpuria, Panchlokharia (Panchlokharia), Gerfuria (Jerfuriwa), Seratan (Sarotan), Lokharia (Lokhariya), Atrasiwal, Beria (Baria, Veriya), Kathariya (Kathariya, Katariya ), Kulin (Kulinmurat), Modi, Japkharia (Zakharia), Sonpuriya (Sonpuriya), Nerchaiya (Nerchaiya), Kharavasaya, Vadaua (Vadauya), Rupiha (Rupeeha), Kasajiya (Kashijiya, Kasajiya ), Tekmania ( Techmania), Mirichiya (Mirichiya) , Dhgar, Nakvariyan, Manhariya, Babukanasia (Vavukanasia), Khelawan ( Khelaun), Thelaria (Thelaria), Kakriya (Kakriya), Bakshi, Simaria, Gundhale, Lala, Nagar, Emilia, Guhiya, Kotwale, Lediya, Chikaria, Satputra, Pindar , Musaddi, Namleen

Notes

Citations

Central Slovenia Statistical Region

The Central Slovenia Statistical Region () is a statistical region in central Slovenia.

The Central Slovenia Statistical Region has 25 municipalities:

The municipality of Litija was part of the region until 1 January 2015; it became part of the Central Sava Statistical Region in 2015.

Savanes Region, Togo

Savanes is one of the five regions of Togo. The regional capital is Dapaong.

There are five prefectures:

Kara Region

Kara is one of the five regions of Togo. The regional capital is Kara.

There are seven prefectures:

Zardoz

Zardoz is a 1974 Irish-American science fiction movie directed, produced and written by John Boorman. It stars Sean Connery, Charlotte Rampling, Sara Kestelman, John Alderton, and Niall Buggy. The movie was shot by cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Centrale Region

Centrale is one of the five regions of Togo. The regional capital is Sokodé.

There are four prefectures:

Thieves Like Us (movie)

Thieves Like Us is a 1974 American crime thriller movie directed by Robert Altman and starring Keith Carradine, Shelley Duvall, Louise Fletcher and Tom Skerritt. The was based on the novel of the same name by Edward Anderson. It was distributed by United Artists.


Plateaux Region, Togo

Plateaux is one of the five regions of Togo. The regional capital is Atakpamé.

There are nine prefectures: 

Maritime Region

Maritime is one of the five regions of Togo. The regional capital is Lomé, which is also Togo's national capital.

There are seven prefectures:

Marmorbyn

Marmorbyn is a locality in Vingåker Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 382 people lived there.

Career Opportunities (movie)

Career Opportunities is a 1991 American romantic comedy movie starring Frank Whaley, Jennifer Connelly, Dermot Mulroney, Kieran Mulroney and John Candy. It was directed by Bryan Gordon and is based on the John Hughes script. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. 


System software

System software is those software programs which are designed to operate, control and extend processing capabilities of the computer itself.

Scott County, Indiana

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 24,384 people lived there. The county seat is Scottsburg.

Wetter (Ruhr)

Wetter (Ruhr) is a town in Germany. It is in the district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area. It has about 27,800 inhabitants.

Cruising (movie)

Cruising is a 1980 American erotic crime drama movie directed by William Friedkin. It stars Al Pacino, Karen Allen, Paul Sorvino, Ed O'Neill, Powers Boothe and it is based loosely on the book of the same name by Gerald Walker about a serial killer who stalks on gay men. It was nominated for three Razzies at the 1st Golden Raspberry Awards in 1981.

Porta Westfalica

Porta Westfalica is a city of the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 37,000 inhabitants.

The name ""Porta Westfalica"" is Latin and means "gate to Westphalia".

Escape to Athena

Escape to Athena is a 1979 World War II adventure comedy movie starring Roger Moore, Telly Savalas, David Niven, Stefanie Powers, Sonny Bono, and Elliott Gould. It was directed by George P. Cosmatos, and is set during World War II is German-occupied Greek island.


Tumbes Region

Tumbes is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Tumbes.

NBA Most Valuable Player Award

The National Basketball Association Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) is an annual National Basketball Association (NBA) award given since the 1955–56 season to the best performing player of the regular season. The winner receives the Maurice Podoloff Trophy, which is named in honor of the first commissioner (then president) of the NBA, who served from 1946 until 1963. Until the 1979–80 season, the MVP was selected by a vote of NBA players. Since the 1980–81 season, the award is decided by a panel of sportswriters and broadcasters throughout the United States and Canada.

Each member of the voting panel casts a vote for first to fifth place selections. Each first-place vote is worth 10 points; each second-place vote is worth seven; each third-place vote is worth five, fourth-place is worth three and fifth-place is worth one. Starting from 2010, one ballot was cast by fans through online voting. The player with the highest point total wins the award. As of June 2019, the current holder of the award is Joel Embiid of the Philadelphia 76ers.

Every player who has won this award and has been eligible for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame has been inducted. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar won the award a record six times. He is also the only player to win the award despite his team not making the playoffs back in the 1975–76 season. Both Bill Russell and Michael Jordan won the award five times, while Wilt Chamberlain and LeBron James won the award four times. Russell and James are the only players to have won the award four times in five seasons.Moses Malone, Larry Bird and Magic Johnson each won the award three times, while Bob Pettit, Karl Malone, Tim Duncan, Steve Nash and Stephen Curry have each won it twice. Only two rookies have won the award: Chamberlain in the 1959–60 season and Wes Unseld in the 1968–69 season. Hakeem Olajuwon of Nigeria, Duncan of the U.S. Virgin Islands, Nash of Canada, Dirk Nowitzki of Germany, and Giannis Antetokounmpo of Greece are the only MVP winners considered "international players" by the NBA.

Curry in 2015–16 is the only player to have won the award unanimously. Shaquille O'Neal in 1999–2000 and James in 2012–13 are the only two players to have fallen one vote shy of a unanimous selection, both receiving 120 of 121 votes. Since the 1975–76 season, only two players have been named MVP for a season in which their team failed to win at least 50 regular-season games—Moses Malone (twice, 1978–79 and 1981–82) and Russell Westbrook (2016–17).

Herzhorn

Herzhorn is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Altmittweida

Altmittweida is a municipality of the district Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, it has a population of 1,908 people.


Ennepetal

Ennepetal is a town of the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.

Wiedenborstel

Wiedenborstel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 11 people lived there which makes it the second-smallest municipality in Germany by population, after Gröde.

Ehr, Germany

Ehr is a municipality of the district Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 64 people lived there.

Bremberg

Bremberg is a municipality of the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 285 people lived there.

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1007

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1007 (LXX) is a fragment of a Septuagint manuscript (LXX). The manuscript was discovered in Oxyrhynchus, modern El-Bahnasa, Egypt. The manuscript has been palaeographically dated to the 3rd century CE. The manuscript is currently kept in the department of manuscripts in the British library, London (Inv. 2047).

The manuscript contains sections of the Book of Genesis (2:7-9, 2:16-19 recto; 2:23-3:1, 3:6-8 verso), with the Name of God "abbreviated by doubling the initial yod, written with in the shape of a z with a horizontal line through the middle, and carried unbroken through both characters zz."

The manuscript was published in The Oxyrhynchus Papyri, part VII, edited and translated by Arthur S. Hunt, London, 1910, pages 1 and 2. It was catalogued with the number 907 in the list of manuscripts of the Septuagint as classified by Alfred Rahlfs, and also signed as Van Haelst. It is given the identification 3113 on the Leuven Database of Ancient Books.


NCIS: New Orleans

NCIS: New Orleans (Naval Criminal Investigative Service: New Orleans) is an American action crime drama and police procedural television series. It is a spin off of "NCIS". The show premiered on September 23, 2014. The show ended in 2021.

Orange County, Indiana

Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 19,867 people lived there. The county seat is Paoli.

Dierfeld

Dierfeld is a municipality of the Bernkastel-Wittlich district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 12 people lived there.


Hupperath

Hupperath is a municipality of the district Bernkastel-Wittlich, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 591 people lived there.


Bioko Norte

Bioko Norte is a province in Equatorial Guinea. The capital city is Rebola. The capital of the country is also in Bioko Norte. It is Malabo.

It is on the northern part of the island Bioko. The southern part is named Bioko Sur. Part of the Pico Basilé National Park is in Bioko Norte. 

Bioko Sur

Bioko Sur is a province of Equatorial Guinea. Its capital is Luba.

It is on the southern part of the island of Bioko. The northern part is Bioko Norte. Part of the Pico Basilé National Park is in Bioko Sur.

Centro Sur

Centro Sur is a province of Equatorial Guinea. Its capital is Evinayong.

Centro Sur has three main towns: Akurenam, Niefang and Evinayong. 

Bruce M. Metzger

Bruce Manning Metzger (February 9, 1914 – February 13, 2007) was an American biblical scholar, Bible translator and textual critic, a longtime professor at Princeton Theological Seminary and Bible editor of the American Bible Society and United Bible Societies. He was a scholar of Greek, and New Testament textual criticism, and wrote prolifically on these subjects. Metzger was one of the most influential New Testament scholars of the 20th century.







Rocky II

Rocky II is the sequel to "Rocky" (1976) starring Sylvester Stallone (who also directed). It also stars Carl Weathers, Talia Shire, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Tony Burton, Joe Spinell and its distributed by United Artists. The film is followed up by "Rocky III" (1982).


Piura Region

Piura is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Piura.

Lambayeque Region

Lambayeque is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Chiclayo.

Andrew Klavan

Andrew Klavan (born July 13, 1954) is an American writer, novelist and journalist. Klavan was born Jewish but converted to Christianity. By his own description, Klavan started out as a liberal Democrat but after the Cold War ended he thought that Ronald Reagan was the reason that it ended. And because of that Klavan became a Republican. In an interview with Dave Rubin, Klavan said that the reason that he was a conservative was that he supported classical liberalism. Klavan has complained about Hollywood movies being too left-wing though he has praised some movies like The Dark Knight and Toy Story 3 for being right-wing. Klavan was critical of the media saying that it refused to ask necessary questions about the attack on the American consulate in Benghazi. Klavan also said that Barack Obama didn’t understand economics. Klavan was also critical of conservatives who opposed the election of Donald Trump. Klavan also writes for the website The Daily Wire run by Ben Shapiro. Klavan also filmed a video for Prager University about fake news.


The Daily Wire

The Daily Wire is a conservative website run by Ben Shapiro. It was created by Shapiro and Jeremy Boreing when Shapiro still worked at Breitbart News. It was extremely critical of Donald Trump when Trump was running for President of the United States, though it generally reported on him more positively after he became president. The Daily Wire has published work by Ben Shapiro, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavan, Dennis Prager, Michelle Malkin, Jordan B. Peterson, Brett Cooper and John Hawkins. They have promoted Prager University, criticized the media for being too left-wing, and promoted Steven Crowder. The Daily Wire also hosts its own Streaming service which makes its own movies most of which aren’t political but some of which are like the documentary What is a Woman?. The Daily Wire also has a children’s Streaming service called Bentkey. 

Once on Columbus Day, the Daily Wire released a cartoon about Christopher Columbus and the Native Americans which relied on racist imagery. Ben Shapiro later deleted the cartoon and apologized for it, though he said that he was on vacation when the cartoon was created. Michael Knowles also caused controversy when, during an appearance on Fox News he called Greta Thunberg a “mentally ill child” who was being “exploited by the left”. Fox News apologized for Knowles having said that. 

Arne Nilsen

Arne Nilsen (21 January 1924 – 16 April 2020) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was Minister of Local Government from 1978 to 1979 and Minister of Social Affairs from 1979 to 1981. He was also President of the Odelsting from 1981 to 1985.

Nilsen died in Bergen, Norway on 16 April 2020 at the age of 96.

Carlos Contreras Guillaume

Carlos Raúl Contreras Guillén (7 October 1938 – 17 April 2020) was a Chilean football defender. He played for Chile in the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He played for the team from 1959 to 1966. He also played for Club Universidad de Chile to 1958 to 1969. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Contreras Guillaume died in Puente Alto, Chile on 17 April 2020 of Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 81.

Luis Parodi Valverde

Luis Parodi Valverde (12 August 1936 – 14 April 2020) was an Ecuadorian engineer and politician. He was born in Guayaquil. From 10 August 1988 to 10 August 1992, Parodi Valverde was the Vice President of Ecuador during the Rodrigo Borja Cevallos presidency. He was replaced by Alberto Dahik.

Parodi Valverde died on 14 April 2020 in Guayaquil of a short-illness, aged 83.

La Libertad Region

La Libertad is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Trujillo.

Lima Region

Lima is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Huacho.

Eddie Cooley

Edward James Cooley (April 15, 1933 – April 15, 2020) was an American R&B singer-songwriter. He co-wrote the song "Fever" and the 1956 song with "Priscilla". Cooley was born in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Cooley died on April 15, 2020 in Meridian, Mississippi at the age of 87.

Arequipa Region

Arequipa (; ) is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Arequipa.

Moquegua Region

Moquegua is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Moquegua.

Ayacucho Region

Ayacucho is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Ayacucho.

Jacksonian democracy

Jacksonian democracy is an era in the history of the United states. It started when president Jackson was elected in 1828, and it ended about 25 years later. Jackson did a number of reforms:


The Visitor (1979 movie)

The Visitor is a 1979 Italian science fiction horror movie starring John Huston, Shelley Winters, Lance Henriksen, Mel Ferrer, Glenn Ford, Sam Peckinpah, Neal Boortz, Steve Somers, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Franco Nero and it was directed by Giulio Paradisi. It has since garnered a cult following.

Junín Region

Junín is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Huancayo.

Cajamarca Region

Cajamarca (; ; ) is a region in the northern part of Peru. The capital is the city of Cajamarca. It is on the border with Ecuador.

Brauneberg

Brauneberg is a municipality of the district Bernkastel-Wittlich, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,149 people lived there.


Griffin Dunne

Thomas Griffin Dunne (born June 08, 1955) is an American actor and filmmaker.

Glenn Howerton

Glenn Franklin Howerton III (born April 13, 1976) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, and director. He is known for his role as Dennis Reynolds on FX/FXX's "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". 

It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia

It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4, 2005, and moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season.

Kaitlin Olson

Kaitlin Willow Olson (born August 18, 1975) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Sweet Dee Reynolds on the FX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", which had her starring since 2005.

Sidekick (TV series)

Sidekick is a Canadian animated television comedy series.

Scaredy Squirrel (TV series)

Scaredy Squirrel is a Canadian animated comedy television series Produced By Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited and Produced In Association With YTV Cartoon Network and Qubo

Grossology (TV series)

Grossology is a Canadian animated comedy series.

The Live Wire: Woody Guthrie in Performance 1949

The Live Wire: Woody Guthrie in Performance 1949 is a recording of a concert by Woody Guthrie in Newark, New Jersey. It is one of a small number of surviving live recordings of him. In the recording, he answers questions asked by his wife Marjorie Guthrie about his life, and sings songs. The recording was made on a low-cost wire recorder by Paul Braverman, and a major restoration process was required to clean up the audio on the two spools of wire. In 2008, the album won a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album.


Flag of East Germany

The flag of East Germany was adopted in 1959. The flag of East Germany used from 1949 to 1959 was identical to the West German flag, In 1959 a emblem featured a compass and hammer was added to the flag in 1959 and remained in use until 1990 almost a year after the Fall Of The Berlin Wall in November 1989 .


He Knows You're Alone

He Knows You're Alone is a 1980 American slasher movie directed by Armand Mastroianni. It stars Caitlin O'Heaney, Don Scardino, Elizabeth Kemp, Tom Rolfing, and Tom Hanks in his cinematic debut. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Boys from Brazil (movie)

The Boys from Brazil is a 1978 British-American science fiction thriller movie directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and it stars Laurence Olivier, Gregory Peck, James Mason, Denholm Elliott and Steve Guttenberg. It was based on the 1976 novel of the same name by Ira Levin and was nominated for three Academy Awards.

Paris Trout

Paris Trout is a 1991 made-for-television drama movie directed by Stephen Gyllenhall and stars Ed Harris, Dennis Hopper, and Barbara Hershey. It is based on 1988 novel of the same name by Pete Dexter.


Lost in America

Lost in America is a 1985 road comedy movie starring Albert Brooks (who also directs the film), Julie Hagerty, Maggie Roswell and Garry Marshall. It was directed by Warner Bros.


Bloodbrothers (1978 movie)

Bloodbrothers is a 1978 coming of age drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Richard Gere, Paul Sorvino, Tony Lo Bianco, Marliu Henner, Kenneth McMillan, Robert Englund and Danny Aiello. It was based from the novel of the same name by Richard Price and was distributed by Warner Bros.

Arthur's Missing Pal

Arthur's Missing Pal is a 2006 movie. It was released on DVD on August 22, 2006. In this movie, Pal goes missing, so Arthur and his friends help look for him. It is based on the TV show. The movie was produced using 3D computer animation, in contrast to the TV show which used traditional animation. It was released on July 1, 2006 in movie theaters. The film was produced by Richard Rich, the creator of The Swan Princess film series.

The movie is 68 minutes long.

Remy Bonjasky

Remy Kenneth Bonjasky (born 10 January 1976 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a Surinamese-Dutch kickboxer. He is known by his nickname The Flying Gentleman, which he gained for his flying kicks. Bonjasky became the K-1 World Grand Prix super heavyweight champion three times in 2003, 2004, and 2008. 

Money Heist

Money Heist (Spanish: La casa de papel, transl. The House of Paper) is a Spanish heist crime drama television web series created by Álex Pina. The series shows two heists that are planned for many days led by Professor (Álvaro Morte). The first heist was at Royal Mint of Spain and the second one at the Bank of Spain. It has a total of five seasons.

The series was supposed to be a limited series to be told in two part at firsts. It had 15 episodes on Spanish network Antena 3 from 2 May 2017 through 23 November 2017. Netflix got the right to distribute it around the world in late 2017. Netflix made short parts of the webseries and expanded into 22 shorter episodes and released them worldwide. The first part of Money Heist was streamed on 20 December 2017, then the second part on 6 April 2018.

In April 2018, Netflix renewed the series with a significantly increased budget for 16 new episodes total. Part 3 had eight episodes and it was released on 19 July 2019. Part 4, also with eight episodes, was released on 3 April 2020.

The series was made in Madrid, Spain. Some of its parts were made in Panama, Thailand and Florence, Italy. The series is in a narrative tone told from the viewpoint of a woman in Tokyo (Úrsula Corberó).

The main place Money Heist was filmed at for Part 1 and Part 2 was the Spanish National Research Council headquarters. Part 3 of the series was filmed at the Nuevos Ministerios.


Kié-Ntem

Kié-Ntem is a province of Equatorial Guinea. Its capital is Ebebiyín.

Litoral (Equatorial Guinea)

Litoral is a province of Equatorial Guinea. The capital city is Bata. Other cities are Mbini and Cogo.

The western border is the Gulf of Guinea coast.

Wele-Nzas

Wele-Nzas Province is a province in Equatorial Guinea. Its capital is Mongomo. Other major cities include Aconibe, Añisoc, and Nsok.

Two national parks, Altos de Nsork National Park and Monte Temelón Natural Reserve, are in the province.

The city of Mengomeyén is home to the province's main airport, President Obiang Nguema International Airport. 

Semivowel

Semivowels are consonants that almost sound like vowels. In English, the semivowels are written as W and Y (written as /w/ and /j/ in IPA). In Latin, even though semivowels are phonemes, or unique sounds, they have no special letters used to write them. The letters V and I were used to write the sounds /w/ and /j/, and these same letters were also used to write the vowels /u/ and /i/ in the same order. For example, Gaius Julius Caesar was written as "Gaivs Ivlivs Caesar" and wine was written as "vinvm". The letter J was added after the fall of the Roman Empire to write the semivowel /j/ to show the difference between /j/ and /i/.

Central Region (Eritrea)

Central Region is an administrative region (or zoba) in central Eritrea. The capital is Asmara, which is also the capital of Eritrea. The region was formed on 15 April 1996. It is also known as the Ma'ekel or Maakel Region.

The region is divided into subregions:

Chicken tikka masala

Chicken tikka masala is a curry in Pakistani cuisine that is made up of roasted marinated chicken (chicken tikka) in a curry sauce full of spices. Chicken tikka is made up of boneless pieces of chicken marinated in spices and yogurt, then roasted in an oven. The sauce is usually creamy and orange-coloured. Even though a sauce made of tomato and coriander is commonly used, there is no specific recipe for the sauce that everyone uses.

Chicken tikka masala is very popular in the United Kingdom, and it has been called a "true British national dish", as declared by British Minister Robin Cook. It is growing in popularity in the USA and Canada as well. Even though some consider it to have been originated by a Pakistani, the dish is unknown in most Pakistan. It can be found in restaurants in various parts of the world, due to its demand, not authenticity.

The oldest reference to chicken tikka masala is found in 1960s, where a Bangladeshi Chef, Ali Ahmad Aslam, created the dish in his restaurant in Glasgow, on request of a customer who was unhappy with the chicken tikka. Aslam is said to have invented chicken tikka masala by adding spices to a tin of tomato soup. Aslam died in 2022 at the age of 77.

Chef Anita Jaisinghani, a correspondent in the "Houston Chronicle", wrote that "the most likely story is that the modern version was created during the early ’70s by an enterprising Indian chef near London" who used Campbell's tomato soup. This is disputed by author Jo Monroe, who claims that this story was invented by the founder of a London restaurant "to entertain journalists".

Rahul Verma, a food critic who writes for "The Hindu" newspaper, claims: "It's basically a Punjabi dish not more than 40–50 years old and must be an accidental discovery which has had periodical improvisations."


San Martín Region

San Martín is a region in northern Peru. Most of the region is in the upper part of the Peruvian Amazon rainforest. Its capital is Moyobamba and the largest city in the region is Tarapoto.

Huánuco Region

Huánuco is a region in central Peru. The capital city is also named Huánuco.

Pasco Region

Pasco is a region in central Peru. The capital is the city of Cerro de Pasco.

Huancavelica Region

Huancavelica is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Huancavelica.

Apurímac Region

Apurímac is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Abancay.

Anseba Region

Anseba Region is a region in Eritrea. The capital city is Keren. The region is named after the Anseba River.

The region is divided in ten subregions:

Puno Region

Puno is a region in Peru. The capital city is also named Puno. It is on the eastern border with Bolivia. The western part of Lake Titicaca that is found in the region.

Ucayali Region

Ucayali is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Pucallpa. It is in the Amazon rainforest and is bordered by the Brazilian state of Acre on the east; the department of Madre de Dios on the southeast; Cusco on the south; Junín, Pasco and Huánuco on the west; and Loreto on the north.

The name Ucayali comes from the Ucayali River.

Madre de Dios Region

Madre de Dios is a region in Peru. The capital is the city of Puerto Maldonado. It is on the borders with Brazil and Bolivia. The name Madre de Dios comes from the Madre de Dios River.

Lima Province

The Lima Province is a province in the central coast of Peru. It is the only province in the country that does not belong to any of the twenty-five regions. Its capital is Lima, which is also the nation's capital.

Steuben County, Indiana

Steuben County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 34,435 people lived there. The county seat is Angola.

Wilster

Wilster is a town of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 4,308 people lived there.


My Little Pony

]
My Little Pony is a toy and children's entertainment franchise. The first toys were released in 1981 under Hasbro's Romper Room line of toys.

The toys were first called "My Pretty Pony," but Hasbro changed the name. The My Pretty Ponies were the colors of real horses and could move their ears. They had manes and tails that the player could comb.

Hasbro changed the way the My Little Pony toys look many times. These different groups of toys are called "Generations" by fans and collectors. The second group of toys from the 1980s are called Generation One or G1. There was also a G2 and G3. The toys related to the "Friendship Is Magic" series are called G4.

Starting with the G1 series, each toy pony, unicorn or pegasus (winged horse) came in bright colors for example pink and blue, and a "cutie mark," or symbol on its rear end. The symbol usually had something to do with its name and personality. For example, the pegasus pony named Firefly had blue lightning bolts for her cutie mark. Fireflies are also called lightning bugs.

In 1986, Hasbro made a cartoon for television called "My Little Pony n' Friends" to sell My Little Ponies and other toys. In it, the My Little Ponies live in a place called Dream Valley and go on adventures with a human farmgirl named Megan. They have many different kinds of creatures for friends and enemies. The first half of each episode was a My Little Pony story with a song. The second half of each episode was about other Hasbro characters such as the Potato Head Kids, Moondreamers, or Glow Friends, also with a song.

The first My Little Pony movie was a TV special called "Return to Midnight Castle", later renamed "Escape from Midnight Castle". The My Little Pony movies and TV specials were later shortened, cut into smaller pieces and put on television as episodes of the show.

In 1992, Hasbro made a cartoon television show called "My Little Pony Tales" to sell the G2 My Little Pony toys. In it, the characters live in a place called Ponyland. Neither the G2 toy line nor "My Little Pony Tales" was as successful as G1 in the United States.

In 2010, Lauren Faust released a new My Little Pony cartoon series called "". In this series, the ponies live in a place called Equestria.

Hohenfelde, Steinburg

Hohenfelde is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Lasbek

Lasbek is a municipality of the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bistensee

Bistensee is a former municipality of the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On 1 March 2008, it was merged with Ahlefeld to form the new municipality of Ahlefeld-Bistensee.

Abstatt

Abstatt is a municipality of the district of Heilbronn in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 4,803 people lived there.


Ziegenrück

Ziegenrück is a town of the Saale-Orla district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is on the river Saale. As of 31 December 2018, 657 people lived there.


Horst, Steinburg

Horst is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 5,709 people lived there. It is about 14 km southeast of Itzehoe, and 7 km northwest of Elmshorn.

Kiebitzreihe

Kiebitzreihe is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kollmar

Kollmar is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Krempdorf

Krempdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bachfeld

Bachfeld is a former municipality of the district Sonneberg, in Thuringia, Germany. On 31 Dezember 2019, it is part of the town Schalkau.

Sommerland

Sommerland is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Auufer

Auufer is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

A Change of Seasons (movie)

A Change of Seasons is a 1980 comedy drama movie starring Anthony Hopkins, Shirley MacLaine, Bo Derek, Mary Beth Hurt and Michael Brandon. It was directed by Stephen Frears and written by Erich Segal and was nominated for three Razzies at the 1st Golden Raspberry Awards in 1981. The movie is rated R18 in New Zealand.


Brubaker

Brubaker is a 1980 prison drama movie directed by Stuart Rosenberg and stars Robert Redford, Yaphet Kotto, Jane Alexander, Murray Hamilton, Morgan Freeman, and features Nicolas Cage is an uncredited role. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox with the screenplay by W.D. Richter and based on the 1969 novel "Accomplices to the Crime: The Arkansas Prison Scandal" by Tom Murton and Joe Hyams.


Defiance (1980 movie)

Defiance is a 1980 action crime drama movie directed by John Flynn and stars Jan-Michael Vincent, Theresa Saldana, Art Carney, and Danny Aiello. The movie was unsuccessful upon release. It was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.

Borderline (1980 movie)

Borderline is a 1980 drama movie directed by Jerrold Freedman and stars Charles Bronson, Ed Harris, Kenneth McMillan, and Bruno Kirby.


Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis

Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis is a 1997 British dark comedy movie. It is directed by John Henderson. Actors include: Rik Mayall, Jane Horrocks, Danny Aiello, Ronald Pickup, Marc Warren and Ross Boatman. 

The movie and plot reference the Sam Peckinpah 1974 movie "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia".


Lucien Szpiro

Lucien Szpiro (23 December 1941 – 18 April 2020) was a French mathematician. He was known for his work in number theory, arithmetic algebraic geometry, and commutative algebra. He was a Distinguished Professor at the CUNY Graduate Center. He helped create Szpiro's conjecture.

In 2014, he was made a member of the Academia Europaea.

Szpiro died on 18 April 2020 from heart failure in Paris, aged 78.


Jesús Vaquero

Jesús Vaquero Crespo (1950 – 17 April 2020) was a Spanish neurosurgeon. He was a known person on the treatment of medullary injuries. He was born in Madrid. He became chief of Neurosurgery of the Hospital Puerta de Hierro in 1992. He was a professor of the Autonomous University of Madrid (UAM).

Vaquero died on 17 April 2020 due to COVID-19 in Madrid, aged 70.

Robin Seymour (DJ)

Robin Henry Seymour (March 8, 1926 – April 17, 2020) was an American radio personality and disc jockey. He worked at CKLW and WKMH. He was also the host of the television series "Teen Town" and "Swingin' Time". He was one of the country's longest-serving top ten disc jockeys. Seymour was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Seymour died in San Antonio, Texas on April 17, 2020, at the age of 94.

Ulrich Kienzle

Ulrich Kienzle (9 May 1936 – 16 April 2020) was a German journalist and author. He worked mainly in the area of politics and culture of the Middle East. He worked for many broadcasters, including German public television networks ARD and ZDF. He was one of few Western journalists to interview Muammar Gaddafi in the 1970s. He also interviewed Saddam Hussein in 1990. Kienzle also appeared in "Frontal", a ZDF series of political discussions with broadcast journalist Bodo Hugo Hauser. 

Kienzle was born in Neckargröningen, Remseck, Württemberg. He died on 16 April 2020 in Wiesbaden, Hesse. He was 82.

Giuseppi Logan

Giuseppi Logan (May 22, 1935 – April 17, 2020) was a jazz musician. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He began playing with Earl Bostic and later studied at the New England Conservatory. 

Logan played alto and tenor saxophone, bass clarinet, flute, piano and Pakistani oboe. He collaborated with Archie Shepp, Pharoah Sanders and Bill Dixon. Logan was a member of Byard Lancaster's band and toured with and appeared on records by Patty Waters.

Logan died on April 17, 2020 in New York City from COVID-19, aged 84.

Abba Kyari (politician)

Abba Kyari OON (23 September 1952 – 17 April 2020) was a Nigerian politician. He was Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. He was Chief of Staff from 2015 to 2020. Kyari was born in Borno State, Nigeria.

Kyari was diagnosed with COVID-19 on 24 March 2020 in Lagos, Nigeria. He died from the infection on 17 April 2020, aged 67.

Sergio Fantoni

Sergio Fantoni (7 August 1930 – 17 April 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for his role as Haman in "Esther and the King". Fantoni was also known for his television role in "The Manageress". 

Fantoni died on 17 April 2020 in Rome, aged 89.

Henry Grimes

Henry Grimes (November 3, 1935 – April 15, 2020) was an American jazz double bassist, violinist, and poet. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He retired in 1970, however many people thought he died. He started his career again in 2002. 

Grimes performed with most of the music's important names, including pianist Cecil Taylor, trumpeter Don Cherry, saxophonists Steve Lacy, Pharoah Sanders, Archie Shepp, and Albert Ayler. He released one album, "The Call", as a trio leader for the ESP-Disk record label in 1965. 

Grimes died on April 15, 2020 of COVID-19 in New York City, aged 84.


Margit Feldman

Margit Buchhalter Feldman (June 12, 1929 – April 14, 2020) was a Hungarian-American public speaker, educator, activist, and Holocaust survivor. Feldman and her family put in a concentration camp in 1944, where her parents were killed. She survived after lying about her age, in which the Nazis put her in a work camp. She was freed from Bergen-Belsen concentration camp on April 15, 1945. She was born in Budapest.

Feldman died on April 14, 2020 in Somerset, New Jersey of COVID-19, aged 90.

Susanna Ramel

Susanna Ragnarsdotter Ramel (née Östberg; previously Gillgren) (1 April 1920 – 4 April 2020) was a Swedish actress. She appeared in many movies like "Skanör-Falsterbo" (1939) and "Livet på en pinne" (1942). Her daughter is actress Lotta Ramel. She was born in Stockholm. She starred in the 1986 television series "Affären Ramel". 

Ramel turned 100 on 1 April 2020. She died three days later in Stockholm, on the fourth of april.

Eagle, Colorado

Eagle is a statutory town that is the county seat of Eagle County, Colorado, United States. The population was 7,511 at the 2020 census.

Big Trouble in Little China

Big Trouble in Little China is a 1986 American action fantasy comedy movie directed by John Carpenter and stars Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, James Hong, and Dennis Dun. It was written by W.D. Richter and was a commercial failure upon release and since has become a cult classic. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Dennis G. Peters

Dennis Gail Peters (April 17, 1937 – April 13, 2020) was an American analytical chemist. He worked in electrochemistry and was named the Herman T. Briscoe Professor at Indiana University in 1975. Peters' research focused on the electrochemical behavior of halogenated organic compounds. He authored over 210 publications and 5 analytical chemistry textbooks. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Peters died of COVID-19 on April 13, 2020 in Bloomington, Indiana at the age of 82.

Bob Lazier

Robert Lazier (December 22, 1938 – April 18, 2020) was an American race car driver. He raced in the CART series in 1981 and was CART's Rookie of the Year. He had fourth-place finishes at Watkins Glen International and Mexico. Lazier also competed in the 1981 Indianapolis 500, finishing 19th after a blown engine caused him to retire the Penske PC-7 after 154 laps. He competed in Formula 5000 in the 1970s.

Lazier was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He died on April 18, 2020 from COVID-19 during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, aged 81.

Year of the Gun (movie)

Year of the Gun is a 1991 political thriller movie directed by John Frankenheimer and based on the novel of the same name by Michael Mewshaw. It stars Sharon Stone, Andrew McCarthy, Valeria Golino and John Pankow.


Deadly Blessing

Deadly Blessing is a 1981 slasher movie directed by Wes Craven and stars Ernest Borgnine, Maren Jensen, Susan Buckner, and Sharon Stone. It was distributed by United Artists.


Zelig

Zelig is a 1983 mockumentary movie directed and starred Woody Allen who played Leonard Zelig with Mia Farrow co-starring with Allen. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated 2 Oscars in 1984.


Bad Boys (1983 movie)

Bad Boys is a 1983 American crime drama movie directed by Rick Rosenthal and stars Sean Penn, Esai Morales, Clancy Brown, Alan Ruck and Ally Sheedy. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Lady Ice

Lady Ice is a 1973 crime thriller movie directed by Tom Gries and stars Donald Sutherland, Jennifer O'Neill, and Robert Duvall.


Bang the Drum Slowly (movie)

Bang the Drum Slowly is a 1973 sports drama movie directed by John D. Hancock and stars Robert De Niro, Michael Moriarty, Vincent Gardenia and Danny Aiello in his cinematic debut. It is based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Mark Harris and earned one Oscar nomination for Vincent Gardenia.


The Rocketeer (movie)

The Rocketeer is a 1991 period superhero adventure movie set in 1938 and was directed by Joe Johnston and stars Billy Campbell, Jennifer Connelly, Alan Arkin, Timothy Dalton, Paul Sorvino, and Terry O'Quinn. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.


Youngblood (1986 movie)

Youngblood is a 1986 sports drama is directed, co-produced and co-written by Peter Markle and stars Rob Lowe, Patrick Swayze, Cythnia Gibb, Ed Lauter, and Keanu Reeves.

The Burning (movie)

The Burning is a 1981 slasher movie directed by Tony Maylam and produced by Harvey Weinstein. It starred Brian Matthews, Brian Becker, Leah Ayers, Jason Alexander, Holly Hunter, and Fisher Stevens. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Looking for Mr. Goodbar (movie)

Looking for Mr. Goodbar is a 1977 crime drama movie based on the book of the same name by Judith Rossner. It was directed by Richard Brooks and stars Diane Keaton, Tuesday Weld, William Atherton, Richard Gere, LeVar Burton, Brian Dennehy and Tom Berenger. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for two Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1978.


Flag of Yugoslavia

The flag of Yugoslavia was adopted in 1918 and 1946 and abandoned in 1992. It features a horizontal triband of blue, white and red with a gold-bordered red star in the center for Communist . However the earlier flag of Yugoslavia from 1918-1941 did not have the star

The Goat Horn

The Goat Horn (, translit. Koziyat rog) is a 1972 Bulgarian drama movie set in 17th century Bulgaria during the Ottoman Empire. It was directed by Metodi Andonov and stars Anton Gorchev and Katya Paskaleva.

Flag of Serbia and Montenegro

The flag of Serbia and Montenegro was originally adopted on 27 April 1992 as the flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and was used as such from 1992 to 2003. After the country was renamed to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro in February 2003, it was still used as the national flag until the country's dissolution in June 2006. Aside from a different aspect ratio, it is almost the same flag that used by the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1943–1992) but without the red star in the center. It was like an inverted Dutch flag.


All the Way Up

All the Way Up is a 1970 British comedy movie based on the 1962 play Semi-Detached and was directed by James MacTaggart and starred Warren Mitchell, Pat Heywood, Richard Briers, Terence Alexander, Frank Thornton and Larry Dann.

The Landlord

The Landlord is a 1970 comedy movie adapted from the 1966 novel by Kristin Hunter and directed by first time director Hal Ashby. It was also produced by Norman Jewison and starred in Lee Grant in an Oscar nominated role, Beau Bridges, Diana Sands, Pearl Bailey, and Louis Gossett Jr.. It was distributed by United Artists.


Action Jackson (1988 movie)

Action Jackson is a 1988 American action movie directed by Craig R. Baxley and stars Carl Weathers, Vanity, Sharon Stone, Robert Davi, and Craig T. Nelson. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Bob Miller (baseball, born 1926)

Robert John Miller (June 16, 1926 – November 27, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1949 to 1958 for the Philadelphia Phillies. He was a member of the 1950 "Whiz Kids", only the second Phillies team to win a National League (NL) pennant. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Miller died on November 27, 2020, in West Bloomfield Township, Michigan. He was 94.

Young Sherlock Holmes

Young Sherlock Holmes is a 1985 American mystery adventure movie directed by Barry Levinson, written by Chris Columbus and based on the characters by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It stars Nicholas Rowe, Alan Cox, Sophie Ward, Anthony Higgins, Susan Fleetwood and Freddie Jones and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986.


D.C. Cab

D.C. Cab is a 1983 American comedy movie. It was also known as Street Fleet. The movie was directed by Joel Schumacher. It stars Max Gail, Adam Baldwin, Mr. T, Gary Busey, and Marsha Warfield. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Back to School

Back to School is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Alan Matter, produced by Chuck Russell and stars Rodney Dangerfield, Keith Gordon, Sally Kellerman, Burt Young, Terry Farrell and Robert Downey Jr.. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


The Zero Boys

The Zero Boys is a 1986 action horror movie directed by Nico Mastorakis and stars Kelli Maroney, Joe Estevez, Crystal Carson, and Daniel Hirsch.

Heartburn (movie)

Heartburn is a 1986 romantic comedy drama movie directed by Mike Nichols and stars Meryl Streep, Jack Nicholson, Stockard Channing, Miloš Forman, Jeff Daniels and Kevin Spacey in his cinematic debut. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Manhattan food writer Rachel Samstat and political columnist Mark Forman quickly marry after meeting at a friend's wedding. Settling in Washington, D.C., they navigate marital stresses from home renovations and Rachel's adjustment to the city's elite society. After giving birth to their daughter, Annie, Rachel learns of Mark's affair with socialite Thelma Rice during her second pregnancy. Moving to New York with Annie, Rachel tries to rebuild her life but gets briefly entangled with Mark again. However, upon discovering he's still involved with Thelma, Rachel finally leaves Mark, selling her wedding ring, and establishing a new life in New York with her two children.


‎
Pretty in Pink

Pretty in Pink is a 1986 romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Howard Deutch and written by John Hughes. Actors include: Molly Ringwald, Harry Dean Stanton, Jon Cryer, Annie Potts, James Spader, and Andrew McCarthy. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Incredible Shrinking Woman

The Incredible Shrinking Woman is a 1981 science fiction comedy from first time director Joel Schumacher. The film is a take off the 1957 film "The Incredible Shrinking Man", and is credited to Richard Matheson's 1956 novel "The Shrinking Man" and stars Lily Tomlin, Charles Grodin, Ned Beatty, Henry Gibson, and Sally Kirkland. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


European polecat

The European polecat ("Mustela putorius")  is a species of mustelid native to western Eurasia and north Morocco. It is also known as the common polecat, black or forest polecat, European ferret, wild ferret, foumart, fitch, or simply polecat. It is dark brown, with a pale underbelly and a dark mask across the face. Occasionally, there are other color variations, such as albinos. The family it is in also contains minks and other weasels. Compared to them, the polecat has a shorter, more compact body; a more powerfully built skull and teeth; and is less agile. It is well known for its ability to secrete a particularly foul-smelling liquid to mark its territory.

It is much less territorial than other mustelid. Animals of the same sex frequently share home ranges. Like other mustelids, the European polecat is polygamous, with pregnancy occurring after mating, with no induced ovulation. It usually gives birth in early summer to litters consisting of five to ten kits, which become independent at the age of two to three months. The European polecat feeds on small rodents, birds, amphibians and reptiles. It occasionally cripples its prey by piercing its brain with its teeth and stores it, still living, in its burrow for future consumption.

The European polecat originated in Western Europe during the Middle Pleistocene. its closest living relatives are the steppe polecat, the black-footed ferret and the European mink. It can produce fertile offspring with the steppe polecat and the black-footed ferret. Hybrids of polecat and mink tend to be sterile, and are distinguished from their parent species by their larger size and more valuable pelts.

The European polecat is the only ancestor of the ferret, which was domesticated more than 2000 years ago for hunting vermin. The species has otherwise been historically viewed negatively by humans. In the British Isles especially, the polecat was persecuted by gamekeepers, and became synonymous with promiscuity in early English literature. During modern times, the polecat is still scantly represented in popular culture when compared to other rare British mammals, and misunderstandings of its behaviour still persist in some rural areas. , it is classed by the IUCN as Least Concern due to its wide range and large numbers.

As well as the several indigenous names referring to smell (see above), the scientific name "Mustela putorius" is also derived from this species' foul smell. The Latin "putorius" translates to "stench" or "stink" and is the origin of the English word "putrid".



White County, Indiana

White County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 24,688 people lived there. The county seat is Monticello.

Arthur (season 3)

The third season of Arthur first aired on November 16, 1998 and ended on January 1, 1999.

This is the final season for Michael Caloz to voice D.W. Read because his voiced deepened after this season ended.

Porter County, Indiana

Porter County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 173,215 people lived there. The county seat is Valparaiso.

Wabash County, Indiana

Wabash County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 30,976 people lived there. The county seat is Wabash.

Ohio County, Indiana

Ohio County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 5,940 people lived there and has an area of which makes it the smallest county in Indiana in both area and population. The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Rising Sun. The county was created in 1844.

Pike County, Indiana

Pike County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 12,250 people lived there. The county seat is Petersburg.

Wallace &amp; Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit

Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a 2005 stop motion animated movie made by Aardman and DreamWorks Animation. It follows a man and a dog on a quest to win the vegetable competition. It is part of the "Wallace and Gromit" franchise.



Shelby County, Indiana

Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 45,055 people lived there. The county seat is Shelbyville.

Brunsbüttel

Brunsbüttel is a town of the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is the location of the western entrance to the Kiel Canal, the busiest artificial waterway in the world. As of 31 December 2018, 12,554 people lived there.


Heroldstatt

Heroldstatt is a municipality of the district of Alb-Donau in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,857 people lived there.


Schenefeld

Schenefeld is the name of two municipalities in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany:

Bullenkuhlen

Bullenkuhlen is a municipality of the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Leer

Leer is a town of the district of Leer in the state of Lower Saxony in Germany.

Aichach

Aichach (; Central Bavarian and Swabian: "Oacha") is a town in the state of Bavaria in Germany. It is the capital of the district of Aichach-Friedberg.

Keith Thomas (historian)

Sir Keith Vivian Thomas (born 2 January 1933) is a Welsh historian. His area of focus is the history of the early modern world. He is best known for writing "Religion and the Decline of Magic" and "Man and the Natural World". From 1986 to 2000, he was president of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.

Thomas was born in Wick, Glamorgan. He is married to Lady Valerie Thomas and has two children.

Sullivan County, Indiana

Sullivan County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 20,817 people lived there. The county seat is Sullivan.

Tipton County, Indiana

Tipton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana, north of the state capital of Indianapolis. As of 2020, 15,359 people lived there. The county seat is Tipton.

Sean Arnold

Sean Arnold (30 January 1941 – 15 April 2020) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Mr Llewelyn in the children's TV series "Grange Hill" and as Barney Crozier in the BBC series "Bergerac". He also appeared in TV's "James the Cat" and "Merseybeat". His movie credits include "North Sea Hijack" (1979), "Remembrance" (1982), "Haunters of the Deep" (1984), "Speaking of the Devil" (1991) and "Red Rose" (2004).

Arnold was born in Wickwar, Gloucestershire. He died on 15 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Vanderburgh County, Indiana

Vanderburgh County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 180,136 people lived there which makes it the eighth-largest county by population in the state. The county seat is Evansville. It is also the eighth-smallest county by area in Indiana. The county was founded on January 7, 1818.

Vermillion County, Indiana

Vermillion County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 15,439 people lived there. The county seat is Newport.

Warren County, Indiana

Warren County is a county in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of 2020, 8,440 people lived there. The county seat is Williamsport.

Whitley County, Indiana

Whitley County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 34,191 people lived there. The county seat is Columbia City.

Rust, Baden-Württemberg

Rust is a municipality of the district of Ortenau in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the home of the famous theme park Europa-Park.


Butler, Illinois

Butler is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Gash-Barka Region

Gash-Barka is a region in Eritrea. The capital city is Barentu. Other towns include Agordat (the former capital), Molki, Sebderat and Teseney. 

The region also includes the following subregions: 

Southern Region (Eritrea)

Southern Region is a region of Eritrea. It is also known as Debub Region. The capital city is Mendefera. The region was formed on 15 April 1996, from the historical provinces of Serae and Akele Guzai.

Mount Soira , the highest point in Eritrea, is in the region.

The region has the following subregions:

Northern Red Sea Region

The Northern Red Sea Region is a region in Eritrea. The capital city is Massawa.

It is along the northern three quarters of the Red Sea, and includes the Dahlak Archipelago. The lowest point in Eritrea, Lake Kulul, is in this region.

The region also includes the following subregions: 

Southern Red Sea Region

The Southern Red Sea Region is a region of Eritrea. The capital city is Assab.

The Southern Red Sea Region extends over along Red Sea coast but is only around wide. It forms the major part of the Danakil Desert.

The region has the following subregions: Are'eta Subregion, Central Denkalya Subregion and Southern Denkalya Subregion.

Rikhakot

Rikhakot is a village in Nainital district, Uttarakhand, India. It has the population of 479 people.

Supersessionism

Superssessionism is the idea that one religion was true but that it stopped being true after another religion showed up to supersede it. For example, Christianity believes that Judaism was true once but that because the Jews rejected Jesus they stopped being the Chosen People and that the New Testament and a faith-based religion replaced Jewish Law. Islam also believes that God gave the Torah (or something similar to it) to the Israelites at Mount Sinai but that the Quran ultimately replaced it. 

Convent, Louisiana

Convent is a census-designated place in Louisiana in the United States. It is the parish seat of St. James Parish.

Erongo Region

Erongo is a region in Namibia. The capital is Swakopmund.The region is named after Mount Erongo.

Neville Andre Itope became Governor in 2020.

There are 7 electoral constituencies:

Comanche County

Comanche County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Rockingham County

Rockingham County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Hardap Region

Hardap is a region in Namibia. The capital is Mariental. It is home to the Hardap Dam.

Salomon April became Governor in 2020.

The region has 8 political constituencies:

Hennstedt, Steinburg

Hennstedt is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Neligh, Nebraska

Neligh is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Antelope County.

Greensburg, Louisiana

Greensburg is the parish seat of St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in St. Helena Parish.

Hahnville, Louisiana

Hahnville is the parish seat of St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Aebtissinwisch

Aebtissinwisch is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Oshana Region

Oshana is a region in Namibia. The capital is Oshakati.

Omahangu (pearl millet) is the main staple crop grown in Oshana. Cattle also do well here and there are many herds.

There are eleven constituencies:

Beidenfleth

Beidenfleth is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Goldthwaite, Texas

Goldthwaite is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

ǁKaras Region

ǁKaras is a region in Namibia. The capital is Keetmanshoop. It was originally called "Karas Region" until the name was changed in August 2013 to include the "ǁ" symbol.

Aletta Fredericks became Governor in 2020.

The Karas mountain range is in the southern part. Fish River Canyon is also in the region.

There are 7 constituencies:

Heiligenstedtenerkamp

Heiligenstedtenerkamp is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is the municipality with the second longest name in Germany with its 21 characters, after Gottfriedingerschwaige with its 22 characters.

Brokdorf

Brokdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The Brokdorf Nuclear Power Plant is in the municipality.

Khomas Region

Khomas is a region in Namibia. The capital is Windhoek, which is also the national capital of Namibia.

There are 10 constituencies:

Kunene Region

Kunene is a region in Namibia. The capital city is Opuwo.

The name comes from the Kunene River. It forms the northern border with Angola. Kunene's western edge is the Atlantic Ocean.

The region has seven constituencies:

Omusati Region

Omusati is a region in Namibia. The capital city is Outapi.

The region is home to the Ruacana Falls. Omusati is also home to the Omugulugwombashe Heritage Site. This is where the Namibian struggle for independence started in 1966.

The region has twelve constituencies:

Zombie High

Zombie High (also known as The School That Ate My Brain) is a 1987 horror comedy movie directed by Ron Link and stars Virginia Madsen, Paul Feig, Sherilyn Fenn, Clare Carey and Scott Coffey.


Less Than Zero (movie)

Less Than Zero is a 1987 drama movie directed by Marek Kanievska and is adapted from the Bret Easton Ellis 1985 novel of the same name. It stars Andrew McCarthy, James Spader, Robert Downey Jr., and Jami Gertz. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Black Widow (1987 movie)

Black Widow is a 1987 mystery crime thriller movie directed by Bob Rafelson and stars Debra Winger, Theresa Russell, Sami Frey, Dennis Hopper, and Terry O'Quinn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Stardust Memories

Stardust Memories is a 1980 comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Charlotte Rumping, Daniel Stern, Sharon Stone, Jessica Harper, and Cynthia Gibb. It was distributed by United Artists.


Down by Law (movie)

Down by Law is a 1986 independent movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and stars Tom Waits, John Lurie, Roberto Benigni, and Ellen Barkin. It was distributed by Island Pictures.


He Said, She Said

He Said, She Said is a 1991 romantic comedy movie directed by Ken Kwapis and Marisa Silver and stars Kevin Bacon, Elizabeth Perkins, Nathan Lane, Sharon Stone, and Anthony LaPaglia. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

It is the story of the relationship between journalists Dan Hanson (Kevin Bacon) and Lorie Bryer (Elizabeth Perkins) told twice – once from each perspective. The male story was directed by Ken Kwapis and the female story by Marisa Silver. At the time, Kwapis and Silver were engaged, and they married soon after the film was released.

Children of a Lesser God (movie)

Children of a Lesser God is a 1986 romantic drama movie directed by Randa Haines and based on the Tony Award winning stage play of the same name by Mark Medoff. It stars Marlee Matlin in her Oscar winning role, William Hurt, Piper Laurie, Philip Bosco and it was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cobra (1986 movie)

Cobra is a 1986 action movie. It was directed by George P. Cosmatos. The movie is based on the 1978 novel "Fair Game" by Paula Gosling. It was remade in 1995 as "Fair Game". "Cobra" stars Sylvester Stallone, Brigitte Nielsen, Reni Santoni, Brian Thompson, and John Herzfeld. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Chinese food

Chinese food is a term that talks about the food that comes from all over China and the cuisine of China. It is an important part of Chinese culture. This food comes from many different parts of China and also the food made by Overseas Chinese that live in other parts of the world. Because there are a lot of Chinese immigrants around the world, and because China was very important in the past, many food from other countries in Asia have been affected by Chinese food. Important parts of Chinese food are rice, soy sauce, noodles, tea, and tofu. Tools like chopsticks and the wok are also very important.

The four most important types of Chinese food are Sichuan food (Chuan), Shandong food (Lu), Guangdong food (Yue), and Huaiyang food. They each represent the food made in the western, northern, southern, and eastern parts of the country.


Never Cry Wolf (movie)

Never Cry Wolf is a 1983 adventure drama movie directed by Carroll Ballard and is based on the 1963 autobiographical novel by Farley Mowat. It stars Brian Dennehy and Charles Martin Smith and was distributed by Walt Disney Studios.


Alipur, Delhi

Alipur is a town in the state of Delhi, India. In 2001, there were 16,623 people living there.

Nighthawks (1981 movie)

Nighthawks is a 1981 action thriller movie directed by Bruce Malmuth and stars Sylvester Stallone, Billy Dee Williams, Lindsay Wagner, Nigel Davenport, Rutger Hauer, and Robert Pugh. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Bad Timing

Bad Timing is a 1980 British psychological drama movie directed by Nicolas Roeg. It stars Harvey Keitel, Art Garfunkel, Theresa Russell, Denholm Elliott and Daniel Massey.


Blue Collar (movie)

Blue Collar is a 1978 crime drama movie. It was directed by first time director Paul Schrader. It stars Harvey Keitel, Yaphet Kotto and Richard Pryor. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Stir Crazy (movie)

Stir Crazy is a 1980 American comedy movie directed by Sidney Poitier, produced by Hannah Weinstein and stars Gene Wilder, Richard Pryor, JoBeth Williams, Craig T. Nelson, and Barry Corbin. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was a major success led to the unsuccessful TV series by CBS in 1985.


Peter Beard

Peter Hill Beard (January 22, 1938 – April 19 2020) was an American artist, photographer, diarist and writer. He lived and worked in New York and Kenya. His photographs of Africa and African animals were widely shown and published since the 1960s.

Beard was born in New York. He was married three times. His second wife was supermodel Cheryl Tiegs. He had a child with his third wife.

On March 31, 2020, Beard wandered away from his home in Montauk, New York. At the time of his disappearance, he was suffering from dementia and ill health after a stroke. On April 19, 2020, he was found dead in a wooded area by a hunter. He was 82.

Brewster's Millions (1985 movie)

Brewster's Millions is a 1985 sports comedy movie directed by Walter Hill and it is eighth adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon. The movie stars Richard Pryor and John Candy. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Harry Davenport (actor)

Harold George Bryant Davenport (January 19, 1866 – August 9, 1949) was an American actor. His roles include Dr. Meade in "Gone with the Wind" (1939) and Grandpa in "Meet Me in St. Louis" (1944).

Canton, Pennsylvania

Canton is a borough in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,735 at the 2020 census.

Towanda, Pennsylvania

Towanda is a borough and the county seat of Bradford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located northwest of Wilkes-Barre. As of the 2020 census the population of Towanda was 2,798.

Trevor Platt

Trevor Charles Platt, FRS, FRSC (August 12, 1942 – April 6, 2020) was a British biological oceanographer. He was known for his fundamental works to quantifying primary production by phytoplankton at many scales of space and time in the ocean. He was born in Salford, Greater Manchester, England. 

Platt worked with the Partnership for Observation of the Global Ocean (POGO). He was a visiting Professor there in 2005, and then as its Executive Director from 2008 to 2015.

Platt died on April 6, 2020 in Plymouth, Devon, England at the age of 77.

Jean-François Bazin

Jean-François Bazin (26 July 1942 – 17 April 2020) was a French politician, journalist, and writer. He was born in Dijon, France. Bazin was Municipal Councillor for Dijon from 1971 to 2008. A journalist, he worked for "Les Echos", "Le Moniteur Universel", "Le Nouvel Économiste", and "Le Spectacle du Monde". 

Bazin died on 17 April 2020 in Dijon, aged 77.

Mr. Smith Goes to Washington

Mr. Smith Goes to Washington is a 1939 American political comedy-drama movie directed by Frank Capra. It stars Jean Arthur and James Stewart, and featuring Claude Rains, Harry Carey and Edward Arnold. The movie is about a newly appointed United States Senator who fights against a corrupt political system. It was written by Sidney Buchman, based on Lewis R. Foster's unpublished story "The Gentleman from Montana". 

The movie was controversial when it was first released, but successful at the box office, and it made Stewart a major star. It was also loosely based on the life of Montana U.S. Senator Burton Wheeler.

"Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Story. It is thought to be one of the greatest movies of all time. It was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1989.

Burton K. Wheeler

Burton Kendall Wheeler (February 27, 1882January 6, 1975) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Democratic Party in Montana. He was a United States Senator from 1923 until 1947. He was Robert M. La Follette's running mate for the 1924 election.

Montauk, New York

Montauk ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, on the eastern end of the South Shore of Long Island. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 4,318.

Some Girls (movie)

Some Girls is a 1988 coming of age romantic comedy drama movie directed by Michael Hoffman and stars Patrick Dempsey, Jennifer Connelly, Sheila Kelley. It was distributed by United Artists. Some Girls was released in the United States on September 9, 1988.


Ronald J. Kurth

Ronald James Kurth (July 1, 1931 – April 10, 2020) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy. His career included service in the Cold War and Vietnam War. He was a naval aviator and Russian area studies scholar fluent in the Russian language. He was Chief of Naval Operations from 1981 to 1983 and was President of the Naval War College from 1987 to 1990. 

Kurth was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He died on April 10, 2020 at the age of 88.


John A. Baldwin Jr.

John Ashby Baldwin Jr. (born April 20, 1933) is a vice admiral of the United States Navy. He was active during the Cold War. 

He commanded destroyers and a carrier battle group. He worked on the staffs of the Chief of Naval Operations, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of Defense.

He was President of the Naval War College and of the National Defense University from 1986 to 1987.

Edmond Baraffe

Edmond Baraffe (19 October 1942 – 19 April 2020) was a French professional football striker and manager. He was born in Annoeulin, France. He played for the national team from 1964 to 1966. He also played for Toulouse. He managed Le Touquet from 1985 to 1989. 

Baraffe died on 19 April 2020, aged 77.

2020 Nova Scotia attacks

On April 18–19, 2020, fifty-one-year-old Gabriel Wortman committed multiple shootings and set fires at 16 places in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. He killed twenty-two people and injured three others before the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) shot and killed him in Enfield.

The attack lasted for thirteen hours. Wortman impersonated a police officer for part of the attack by driving a car he had made to look like a police car and wearing a police uniform. The killings were not terrorism, but police do not yet know the reason Wortman did these killings. He had guns even though he didn't have a licence, so police are trying to find out how he got the guns.

Police did not use Canada's Alert Ready system, which could have sent messages to the phones of people in the area of Wortman to stay inside. Many people think they should have used it, and police are trying to find out why it wasn't used. 

It is the deadliest attack of its kind in Canadian history.

The attack began as domestic violence between Wortman and his girlfriend in their home in Portapique, Nova Scotia, which is north of Halifax. They had came home from a party and were arguing. Wortman attacked her and she ran away into the woods. Wortman then set fire to his house and went back to the party. He began shooting at the people there and killed seven.

Many calls to the police were made about more shootings and fires outside of eight homes in Portapique from 10:14p.m. RMCP officers arrived twelve minutes later at 10:26P.M. and found that thirteen more people had been shot dead by Wortman and three houses had been set on fire. Police said many had died while trying to escape the flames or help other victims. By the time they had got there, Wortman had already escaped. Another man said he had been shot and injured by a man driving a police car.

Police quickly realised that Wortman had probably committed the crimes and started a search of Portapique for him. RMCP made a tweet telling the people in the town to stay inside and lock their doors.

Police found Wortman's girlfriend at 6:30a.m. and she told them that Wortman had a fake police car and gave them a photo of it. A BOLO was sent out to all police officers in Nova Scotia telling them to look for a fake police car. Police then announced there was an active shooter situation.

At around 8:00a.m., a 9-1-1 caller reported an explosion and gunfire at a house in Wentworth, Nova Scotia, about north of Portapique. The two residents of the house and a neighbour were killed. Wortman went to another house in police uniform but the people wouldn't let him in and called the police, so Wortman left. At 9:35a.m., he shot and killed a woman who was walking in Wentworth Valley. He then went south back towards Portapique.

From 10:54a.m., Wortman was seen in Glenholme, Debert, Onslow, and Brookfield, in that order. This would show him heading towards Halifax. In this time, he performed two traffic stops pretending to be a police officer and shot and killed both drivers.

Sometime before 10:49a.m., Wortman stopped next to a police officer's car in Shubenacadie, Nova Scotia and shot him. This injured the officer and he drove to a hospital and survived. He then continued down the road and crashed head on into another police officer's car who was driving. The female officer began shooting at Wortman, but was killed by him. He stole her gun and ammunition and set her car on fire. He then shot and killed someone who tried to help the officer before stealing his silver Chervrolet Tracker car and driving south.

A short time later, he killed a woman he knew in her home in Shubenacadie and stole her Mazda 3 car. He was later seen driving south through Milford, near Halifax.

At 11:26a.m., Wortman drove into a rest area near Enfield, Nova Scotia., south of Portapique and north of Halifax. A police officer saw him and knew who he was and shot Wortman dead.

In total, Wortman had murdered 22 people and injured 3 others.

The perpetrator of the attacks was 51-year-old Gabriel Wortman, who was a denturist who lived in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. He had been arrested for assault before in 2001, but was given 9 months of probation.

Noach Dear

Noach Dear (November 20, 1953 – April 19, 2020) was an American attorney, Democratic politician, and jurist. He was a New York Supreme Court judge. Dear was elected in 2008 as a civil court judge, in 2010 as an Acting Supreme Court Justice. In 2015, he was made a permanent justice to the court. He was a member of the New York City Council from 1983 to 2001.

Dear was born in New York City. He died on April 19, 2020 of COVID-19 in New York City, aged 66.

Papyrus Fouad 266

Papyrus Fouad 266 (signed as LXX; Rahlfs 847, 848 and 940; TM nr: 62290; LDAB id: 3451: VH: 0056) is a copy of the Book of Deuteronomy in Koine Greek of the Hebrew Bible known as the Septuagint. It is a papyrus manuscript in roll form. The manuscript has been assigned palaeographically to the 1st century BC (50 BCE). The manuscript has survived in a fragmentary condition. It has been discussed whether if this manuscript is or is not a later recension of the standard Septuagint text.

The Greek text was written on papyrus in uncial letters. The text is written in 33 lines per column. The uncial letters are upright and rounded. Iota adscript occurs.

It is the second oldest known manuscript of the Septuagint and the oldest which used the Hebrew Tetragrammaton in Aramaic "square" or Ashuri script in following places: De 18:5, 5, 7, 15, 16; 19:8, 14; 20:4, 13, 18; 21:1, 8; 23:5; 24:4, 9; 25:15, 16; De 26:2, 7, 8, 14; 27:2, 3, 7, 10, 15; 28:1, 1, 7, 8, 9, 13, 61, 62, 64, 65; 29:4, 10, 20, 29; 30:9, 20; 31:3, 26, 27, 29; 32:3, 6, 19.

Claude Lafortune

Claude Lafortune (5 July 1936 – 19 April 2020) was a Canadian television host and artist. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He had an exhibit dedicated to his work, "Colle, papier, ciseaux", at the Musée des cultures du monde in Nicolet, Quebec. He hosted the children's television show "Sol et Gobelet" from 1968 to 1971.

Lafortune died on 19 April 2020 in Longueuil, Quebec of COVID-19, aged 83.

Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 3522

The Papyrus LXX Oxyrhynchus 3522, (signed as P.Oxy.L 3522: Rahlfs 857) – is a small fragment of the Greek Septuagint (LXX) written on papyrus. It is a scroll. This manuscript was discovered at Oxyrhynchus, about south of Cairo. It has been catalogued with the number 3522. Palaeographically it has been dated to the 1st century CE.

This fragment contains Job 42,11-12, and the tetragrammaton in paleo-Hebrew (). According to Philip Wesley Comfort, YHWH was written from right to left.

Greek text according to A. R. Meyer:

κ]αι εθαυμασαν οσα επ[ηγα<br>
γε]ν ο επαυτον εδ[ωκε<br>
δε ]αυτω εκαστος αμναδα μι<br>
αν] και τετραχμον χρυσουν<br>
α]σημον ο δε ‎‎ ευλογη<br>
σ]εν τα εσχατα ϊωβ η τα [εμ<br>
π]ροσθεν ην δε τα κτ[ηνη<br>
αυτου προβα]τα μυρια[ τε 

The manuscript is kept in the Papyrology department of the Sackler library in Oxford as (P.Oxy.L 3522).

Philippe Nahon

Philippe Nahon (; 24 December 1938 – 19 April 2020) was a French actor. He was born in Paris. His best known roles were in "High Tension", "I Stand Alone" and in "Calvaire". He also starred as the nameless butcher in three movies by Gaspar Noé – "Carne", "I Stand Alone," and "Irréversible" (cameo).

Nahon died of COVID-19 in Paris on 19 April 2020, aged 81.

Alexander Vustin

Alexander Kuzmich Vustin, also Voustin or Wustin (, 24 April 1943 – 19 April 2020) was a Russian composer. His best known opera was "The Devil in Love". His career began in 1962. He also worked for the BBC Symphony Orchestra. 

Vustin died on 19 April 2020 from pneumonia, aged 76.


Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling

Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling is a 1986 biographical comedy drama movie directed by and starring Richard Pryor as Jo Jo Dancer a popular stand up comedian, who is burned himself alive while freebasing cocaine.


Ha Jae-se

Ha Jae-se (河在世, August 26, 1885–January 28, 1944) was a Confucian and educator of the Korean Empire. It is a direct descendant of Sir. Ha Yeon, who was an able premier and a prime minister during the Sejong the Great period.

He was born from the Confucian scholar's Prestigious family in Jodong of Sacheon city, and his grandfather had already died before he was born, with no influence from his grandfather. Under the guidance of my father, I started learning Confucianism from the age of 7 and completed my study of coming-age.

He suffered various troubles as one of the leaders of the local Confucian society among the rioters and strong points of the Japanese imperialism's occupation after the end of the turbulent period of Joseon Dynasty.
He repudiated the colonial modernization education of the Japanese imperialism until the moment he died, and emphasized the importance of Confucian education. He was a Confucian scholar, and as a "Professor" in the field of Confucianism education, he firmly maintained his attitude to the end.



The Last American Hero

The Last American Hero (also known as Hard Driver) is a 1973 sports drama movie based on the true story NASCAR driver Junior Johnson. It was directed by Lamont Johnson and stars Jeff Bridges, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Ned Beatty, Gary Busey, Ed Lauter and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Boxcar Bertha

Boxcar Bertha is a low budget 1972 romantic crime drama based on the novel "Sister of the Road" by Ben L. Reitman. It was directed by Martin Scorsese, produced by Roger Corman and starred Barbara Hershey, David Carradine, John Carradine, Barry Primus, and Bernie Carey.


Lady Sings the Blues (movie)

Lady Sings the Blues is a 1972 biographical drama movie about jazz singer Billie Holiday and was directed by Sidney J. Furie and stars Diana Ross, Richard Pryor, and Billy Dee Williams. It was nominated for 5 Oscars in 1973.

Lars Ahlfors

Lars Valerian Ahlfors (18 April 1907 – 11 October 1996) was a Finnish mathematician known for his work in the field of complex analysis.


Green Army

The Green Army was an organisation of militias in Ukraine during the Russian Civil War. The militias occupied small parts of land but rarely launched actual campaings against any side. They never achieved their goal of gaining Ukrainian independance and dissolved in 1922, after the Soviet Union had been established.

Amberg (CDP), Wisconsin

Amberg is a census-designated place (CDP) in Wisconsin in the United States.

Kavango East

Kavango East is a region in Namibia. The capital is Rundu. The region was created in 2013, when the Kavango Region was split into Kavango East and Kavango West.

The region has the western half of the Caprivi Strip.

There are 6 constituencies:

Heherson Alvarez

Heherson "Sonny" Turingan Alvarez (October 16, 1939 – April 20, 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was born in Santiago, Isabela. He served as a member of the House of Representatives (1998–2001) and the Senate of the Philippines (1987–1998). Alvarez was also Minister of Agrarian Reform (1986–1987) and Secretary of Environment and Natural Resources (2001–2002). 

On April 20, 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, Alvarez died of COVID-19. He was 80.

Rudratej Singh

Rudratej Singh (1973 or 1974 – 20 April 2020) was an Indian businessman. He was the first Indian president and CEO of BMW India from 2019 until his death in 2020. Singh is also known for positions as global president of Royal Enfield (India) and vice-president of Unilever in Singapore.

Singh grew up in New Delhi. On 20 April 2020, he died due to cardiac arrest at the age of 46.

The Other Side of Midnight (movie)

The Other Side of Midnight is a 1977 drama movie directed by Charles Jarrott and adapted from the 1973 novel of the same name by Sidney Sheldon. It stars Susan Sarandon, John Beck, Marie-France Pisier, Clu Gulager, Christian Marquand and was nominated for an Oscar in 1978. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cries and Whispers

Cries and Whispers () is a 1972 Swedish period drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and stars Harriet Andersson, Liv Ullmann, Kari Sylwan, Ingrid Thulin. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won for Best Cinematography in 1974.


Paul Scully-Power

Paul Desmond Scully-Power (born 28 May 1944) is an Australian-American oceanographer and astronaut. In 1984, he flew aboard NASA Space Shuttle mission STS-41-G as a payload specialist. At the time, he was a civilian employee of the United States Naval Undersea Warfare Center. He was the first Australian-born person to journey into space. He was also the first astronaut with a beard.

During his time in space, Scully-Power was able to confirm spiral eddies existed. He also saw them with the naked eye.

Scully-Power was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He is married and has six children.


Andy Thomas

Andrew Sydney Withiel Thomas (born December 18, 1951) is an Australian-American aerospace engineer and NASA astronaut. He flew aboard a number of Space Shuttle missions. He has 177 days logged in space. His first mission was STS-77 (1996). His final mission was STS-114 (2005), the first Space Shuttle mission following the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster of 2003.

Thomas was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He is married to fellow astronaut Shannon Walker.


Sunday Bloody Sunday

Sunday Bloody Sunday is a 1971 British drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and written by Penelope Gilliatt. It stars Peter Finch, Glenda Jackson, Murray Head, Peggy Ashcroft, and Daniel Day-Lewis. It was nominated for four Oscars in 1972 and was distributed by United Artists.


Eliza Scanlen

Eliza Jane Scanlen (born January 6, 1999) is an Australian actress. She first became known for her role as Tabitha Ford in the Seven Network soap opera "Home and Away" (2016). She then notably played Amma Crellin in the HBO miniseries "Sharp Objects" (2018). Her movie credits include "Babyteeth" (2019), "Little Women" (2019) and "The Devil All the Time" (2020) but she is always as the Voice of the Big Red Kangaroo from the 2030 Australian movie called Dot and the Kangaroo. 

Scanlen was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She has a fraternal twin sister named Annabel.


Stephen Amell

Stephen Adam Amell (born May 8, 1981) is a Canadian actor and producer. He is best known for playing Oliver Queen / Green Arrow in The CW superhero series "Arrow" (2012–2020). He has also appeared as the character in "The Flash" (2014–2019), "Vixen" (2015–2016), "DC's Legends of Tomorrow" (2016–2020), "Supergirl" (2017–2019) and "Batwoman" (2019). His other credits include the HBO series "Hung" (2011) and the movies "" (2016) and "Code 8" (2019).

Amell was born in Toronto, Ontario. He is a first cousin of actor Robbie Amell. He was married to Carolyn Lawrence from 2007 to 2010. He married actress and model Cassandra Jean in 2012. The couple's daughter was born in 2013.

Robbie Amell

Robert Patrick Amell IV (born April 21, 1988) is a Canadian actor and producer. He is known for playing Stephen Jameson in The CW series "The Tomorrow People" (2013–2014) and Ronnie Raymond / Firestorm in The CW series "The Flash" (2014–2017). 

Amell also played Fred Jones in the movies "Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins" and "Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster", and Max in "The Babysitter" (2017) and, its sequel, "" (2020). His other TV roles include series such as "Life with Derek", "True Jackson, VP", "Unnatural History" and "Revenge". His movie other credits "The Hunters" (2013), "The DUFF" (2015) and "Code 8" (2019).

Amell was born in Toronto, Ontario. He is a first cousin of actor Stephen Amell. He is married to fellow Canadian actor Italia Ricci. The couple have a son. In January 2020, Amell and Ricci became citizens of the United States.

Arsen Yegiazarian

Arsen Yegiazarian (; 18 May 1970 – 20 April 2020) was an Armenian chess player. He was born in Yerevan. He became a Grandmaster in 2000, and a FIDE senior trainer in 2010–11. He was part of winning team of 1995's European Chess Club Cup. He also competed at the Chess Olympiad in 1994 and 1996.

Yegiazarian died on 20 April 2020 at the age of 49.


Wau, South Sudan

Wau (, "Wāw"), also known as Wow, Waw or Wau Town, is a city in northwestern South Sudan. It lies on the western bank of the Jur River and is the capital of Western Bahr el Ghazal (and formerly Wau State).


Alek Wek

Alek Wek (born 16 April 1977) is a South Sudanese-British model and designer. She began her fashion career at the age of 18 in 1995. She has been praised for her influence on the perception of beauty in the fashion industry.

Wek was born in Wau, Sudan (now South Sudan). She is from the Dinka ethnic group. She fled to Britain in 1991 to escape the civil war in Sudan. As of 2009, she lives in Brooklyn, New York, United States. In 2015, she was listed as one of BBC's 100 Women.

Thon Maker

Thon Marial Maker (born 25 February 1997) is a South Sudanese-born Australian professional basketball player. He plays as a centre and power forward. He currently plays for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He also plays for the Australian national team. He formerly played for the Milwaukee Bucks (2016–2019).

Maker was born in Wau, Sudan (now South Sudan). He grew up in Perth, Western Australia from around age five. He also attended high school in the United States and Canada.

The Simpsons (season 31)

The 31st season of The Simpsons first started showing on television on September 29, 2019 with the episode "The Winter of Our Monetized Content". It was first announced on February 6, 2019. It is the last season to show Russi Taylor because she died on July 26, 2019. She had been with the show since the first season and voices characters like Martin Prince, Sherri and Terri, and Üter Zörker. The episode "Thanksgiving of Horror" is the last episode to have her voice in it.

The episodes and writers "Go Big or Go Homer" (John Frink), "Livin' La Pura Vida" (Brian Kelley), and "Thanksgiving of Horror" (Dan Vebber) were nominated for for the 72nd Writers Guild of America Awards. On February 1, 2020, Dan Vebber and the episode "Thanksgiving of Horror" won.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Keith Thomas (English footballer)

Walter Keith Thomas (28 July 1929 – 5 October 2021) is an English former footballer. He played as a right winger.

Thomas was born in Oswestry, Shropshire. He was also a schoolteacher. During the 1950s, Thomas made 97 appearances in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday, Cardiff City, Plymouth Argyle and Exeter City. He rejoined his youth club Oswestry Town as player-manager in 1957. In 1959, he joined Welsh side Pwllheli in the same position.

British Landlords Association

British Landlords Association ("BLA") is a national association of landlords in the UK. It supports and represents the interest of landlords in England, Wales, and Scotland. The association has a daily online newspaper called The "British Landlord Association Daily".

Danny McCarthy (footballer)

Daniel John Anthony McCarthy (26 September 1942 – July 2019) was a Welsh professional footballer. He played as a winger. He made seven appearances in the Football League for Cardiff City. He also played for Abergavenny Thursdays and Merthyr Tydfil.

McCarthy was born in Abergavenny. He died in July 2019 at the age of 76.

Stephen Graham

Stephen Joseph Graham (born 3 August 1973) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Andrew "Combo" Gascoigne in the movie "This Is England" (2006) and its television sequels "This Is England '86" (2010), "This Is England '88" (2011) and "This Is England '90" (2015). His other movie roles include Tommy in "Snatch" (2000), Shang in "Gangs of New York" (2002), Baby Face Nelson in "Public Enemies" (2009), Scrum in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies "" (2011) and "" (2017), and Anthony "Tony Pro" Provenzano in "The Irishman" (2019).

On television, Graham has starred as Al Capone in the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire" (2010–2014), John Corbett in the BBC One series "Line of Duty" (2019) and as Jacob Marley in the BBC/FX miniseries "A Christmas Carol" (2019).

Graham was born in Kirkby, Lancashire. He has Jamaican and Swedish ancestry. He is married to Hannah Walters. The couple have two children. He is a fan of Liverpool Football Club.

Ronan O'Rahilly

Ronan O'Rahilly (21 May 1940 – 20 April 2020) was an Irish businessman. He is known for the creation of the British radio station, Radio Caroline. For a time he was the manager of Australian actor George Lazenby. While filming "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1969), O'Rahilly convinced Lazenby to turn down a contract of seven "James Bond" movies. He also served as an executive producer of "The Girl on a Motorcycle" (1968) and "Universal Soldier" (1971).

O'Rahilly died of vascular dementia on 20 April 2020. He was 79.

Gabriel Retes

José Ignacio Gabriel Jorge Retes Balzaretti (25 March 1947 – 20 April 2020) was a Mexican movie director, writer, producer and actor. His movie, "Paper Flowers" (1977), was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival. Two of his other movies, "Broken Flag" (1979) and "A Sweet Scent of Death" (1999), were both entered into the Moscow International Film Festival.

Retes died on 20 April 2020 at the age of 73.

Phyllida Law

Phyllida Ann Law (born 8 May 1932) is a Scottish actress. Her movie credits include "Peter's Friends" (1992), "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993), "Emma" (1996), "The Winter Guest" (1997) and "Nanny McPhee" (2005).

Law was born in Glasgow. She was married to actor Eric Thompson from 1957 until his death in 1982. Their daughters, Emma and Sophie Thompson, are both actresses.

Atlantic sailfish

The Atlantic sailfish ("Istiophorus albicans") is a species of marine fish in the family Istiophoridae of the order Perciformes. It is found in the Atlantic Oceans and the Caribbean Sea, from the surface to depths of . It does not occur in large areas of the central North Atlantic and the central South Atlantic. The Atlantic sailfish is related to the marlin.

Tests in the 1920s estimated that the Atlantic sailfish was capable of short sprints of up to 111 kilometres per hour; however, more conservative estimates of 37 to 55 kilometres per hour are more widely accepted. More recent studies even suggest sailfish do not exceed swimming speeds of .

Atlantic sailfish hunt schooling fish, such as sardines, anchovies and mackerel although they also feed on crustaceans and cephalopods.

The Atlantic sailfish is a metallic blue fish with a large sail-like dorsal fin and a long and pointed bill-like snout. It is dark bluish-black on the upperparts and lighter on the sides (counter-shading). There are about twenty bluish horizontal bars along the flanksThe underparts are silvery white. The tail fin is strongly forked. The fins are bluish-black and the front dorsal fin is speckled with small black spots. The bases of the anal fins are pale.

The length of this fish is up to and the maximum published weight is .

Studies found that sailfish hunting schools of sardines rely heavily upon stealth and quick slashing or tapping with the rostrum in order to temporarily immobilize prey and make capturing small prey easier. The bill has been hypothesized to increase the hydrodynamic qualities of the fish and even to ward off predators. However, it has been well documented that the sailfish use the bill for hunting.

The Atlantic sailfish is a pelagic fish of tropical and temperate waters in the Atlantic Ocean. It ranges from approximately 40°N in the northwestern Atlantic to 40°S in the southwestern Atlantic, and 50°N in the northeastern Atlantic to 32°S in the southeastern Atlantic. It is a migratory species and moves about the open ocean and into the Mediterranean Sea. Its depth range is from warm surface waters down to about .

Some authorities only recognise a single species of sailfish, "Istiophorus platypterus", with "I. albicans" being treated as a synonym for "I. platyperus".



Sestertius

A Sestertius (sometimes called sesterce in English was an Ancient Roman coin. It was frequently used in trade. Its value was two and a half asses, another Roman coin. Four sestertii (or setercves) were worth a denarius, another oin worth ten Asses.

Kavango West

Kavango West is a region in Namibia. The capital is Nkurenkuru. The region was created in 2013, when the Kavango Region was split into Kavango East and Kavango West.

There are 8 constituencies:

Ohangwena Region

Ohangwena is a region in Namibia. The capital is Eenhana.

There are twelve constituencies:

Omaheke Region

Omaheke is a region in Namibia. The capital is Gobabis. Part of the Kalahari Desert is in the region.

Pijoo Nganate became Governor in 2020.

There are 7 constituencies:

Oshikoto Region

Oshikoto is a region in Namibia. The capital is Omuthiya. It is named after Lake Otjikoto.

Until 2008, the capital city was Tsumeb.

There are eleven constituencies:

Otjozondjupa Region

Otjozondjupa is a region in Namibia. The capital is Otjiwarongo. Waterberg Plateau Park is in the region.

James Uerikua became Governor in 2020.

There are 7 constituencies:

Zambezi Region

Zambezi is a region in Namibia. The capital is Katima Mulilo. It is named after the Zambezi River that runs along its border. This region is the only part of Namibia that borders Zambia.

Until 2013, it was known as Caprivi.

The region is home to 450 animal species, including elephants. The wildlife is protected by several national parks: Bwabwata National Park, Mamili National Park, and Mudumu National Park.

There are 8 constituencies:

Pend Oreille County, Washington

Pend Oreille County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Newport. At the 2020 census, 13,401 people lived there. It is along the Canada–US border.

Büttel

Büttel is a municipality in the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Arthur, Nebraska

Arthur is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Arthur County. It is named after U.S. President Chester A. Arthur. The population was 128 as of 2020.

It was founded in 1913, and became the county seat of Arthur County. It was incorporated in 1944.

Dammfleth

Dammfleth is a municipality in the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ecklak

Ecklak is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wisdom (movie)

Wisdom is a 1986 American crime romance movie directed by and starred Emilio Estevez, Demi Moore, Tom Skerritt, Veronica Cartwright and Charlie Sheen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Half Moon Street

Half Moon Street is a 1986 British American erotic thriller movie directed by Bob Swain and stars Michael Caine and Sigourney Weaver. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was based on the 1984 novel Doctor Slaughter by Paul Theroux.

Hiroshi Umemura

Hiroshi Umemura was a Japanese mathematician and honored professor at Nagoya University. He is known for his works about algebraic geometry and differential equations.

Yanks

Yanks is a 1979 American British German World War II romantic drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and stars Richard Gere, Vanessa Redgrave, Rachel Roberts, Lisa Eichhorn, Derek Thompson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Quintet (movie)

Quintet is a 1979 American science fiction movie directed by Robert Altman and stars Paul Newman, Vittorio Gassman, Fernando Rey, Bibi Andersson, Brigitte Fossey, David Langton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A Wedding (1978 movie)

A Wedding is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by Robert Altman and stars Carol Burnett, Paul Dooley, Mia Farrow, Lillian Gish, Geraldine Chaplin, Howard Duff, Lauren Hutton, Dennis Franz. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Paternity (movie)

Paternity is a 1981 American romantic comedy movie directed by David Steinberg and stars Burt Reynolds, Beverly D'Angelo, Lauren Hutton, Paul Dooley. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Eyewitness (1981 movie)

Eyewitness (released in the UK as "The Janitor") is a 1981 American mystery thriller movie directed by Peter Yates and starring William Hurt, Sigourney Weaver, Christopher Plummer, James Woods, Kenneth McMillian, Pamela Reed, Morgan Freeman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Church Stretton

Church Stretton, or simply Stretton, is a small market town in the county of Shropshire, England. It is situated 13 miles (21 km) south of Shrewsbury and 15 miles (24 km) north of Ludlow. The population of the town in 2011 was 4,671.

It is located in the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

The town was nicknamed ""Little Switzerland"" in the late Victorian and Edwardian period for its landscape, and became a health resort.

The town has a railway station that provides direct trains to Shrewsbury, Manchester, North Wales and South Wales.

Fort Apache, The Bronx

Fort Apache, The Bronx is a 1981 American crime drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Paul Newman, Ed Asner, Ken Wahl, Danny Aiello, Pam Grier, Miguel Piñero. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Neptune Factor

The Neptune Factor is a 1973 American science fiction movie directed by Daniel Petrie and stars Ernest Borgnine, Yvette Mimieux, Walter Pidgeon, Stuart Gillard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Craven Arms

Craven Arms is a small market town and civil parish in the county of Shropshire, England. It is located south of the county town of Shrewsbury and north of Ludlow. The population of the town in the 2011 census was 2,289.

It is a relatively new town (compared to other places in Shropshire), being only a small village called Newton on a 1695 map.

It is located in the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is the site of the Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre. The River Onny flows to the town's east.

The town has a railway station that provides direct trains to Shrewsbury, Manchester, North Wales and South Wales. The Heart of Wales railway line joins the Welsh Marches line just outside the town's station.

Gobowen

Gobowen is a village in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, England. It is situated around 3 miles north of the town of Oswestry. The population of the village in 2011 was 3,270.

The village was previously called Bryn-y-Castell (""Hill of the Castle"" in English). The name changed to Gobowen, this name is believed to originate from "Gob" (a pillow) and "Owen" (Owain Glyndŵr) who was believed to have rested here.

The village's population grew up around the railway. The mainline route between Chester and Shrewsbury was built through Gobowen after permission was denied to build it through nearby Oswestry. Gobowen railway station is a Grade II listed building. Today, the station provides direct trains to North Wales, Chester, Shrewsbury, Birmingham and South Wales.

A Touch of Class (movie)

A Touch of Class is a 1973 British romantic comedy movie directed by Melvin Frank and stars Glenda Jackson, George Segal, Paul Sorvino, K Callan, Simon Rouse. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won for Best Actress in 1974.


Wem

Wem is a small market town in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, England. It is situated 9 miles north of the county town of Shrewsbury.
The name of the town comes from the Old English ""wamm"", meaning a marsh, as a lot of marshy land exists in the area of the town. Over time, this formed the name ""Wem"". The area now known as Wem is believed to have been inhabited by the "Cornovii", Celtic Iron Age settlers, before the Roman Conquest of Britain. The town is recorded in the Domesday Book as consisting of four manors in the hundred of Hodnet. In 1202, Wem became a market town.

Now, the town has a population of 5,142. Each year, Wem holds a traditional town carnival which is held on the first Saturday of September, as well as the "Sweet Pea Festival" on the third weekend of July.
The town has a small railway station on the Welsh Marches line that provides direct trains to Crewe, Manchester and Shrewsbury. The town also has a semi-professional football club, Wem Town FC.

The Music Lovers

The Music Lovers is a 1971 British biographical drama movie directed by Ken Russell and stars Glenda Jackson, Richard Chamberlain, Max Adrian, Christopher Gable, Kenneth Colley with direction from Enrique Peña Nieto. It was distributed by United Artists and suffered from bad reviews and since become a cult movie.


Shrewsbury railway station

Shrewsbury railway station is the only railway station in the county town of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England. Built in 1848, it was designated a grade II listed building in 1969.

The station is 43 miles (69 km) north west of Birmingham New Street. Many services starting at or passing through the station are bound for Wales as it is managed by Transport for Wales, although the station is also served by Avanti West Coast and West Midlands Trains services. The station is one of Transport for Wales' key network hubs.

The station is mainly served by Transport for Wales trains. These are usually direct trains to North Wales, Crewe, Manchester, Birmingham and South Wales. West Midlands Trains also provide two trains an hour to Birmingham New Street. There is also two trains a day to London Euston provided by Avanti West Coast.

The Incredible Sarah

The Incredible Sarah is a 1976 British period drama movie directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Glenda Jackson, Daniel Massey, Yvonne Mitchell, David Langton, John Castle, Edward Judd and Peter Sallis. It was nominated for two Oscars in 1977.

The Devils (movie)

The Devils is a 1971 British American thriller movie directed by Ken Russell and stars Vanessa Redgrave, Oliver Reed, Brian Murphy, Dudley Sutton, Max Adrian, Georgina Hale, Kenneth Colley. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

New Meadow

New Meadow, currently known as the Montgomery Waters Meadow for sponsorship reasons, is a football stadium located in the county town of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England. It is the home ground of Shrewsbury Town FC. 

The stadium opened in July 2007, replacing Gay Meadow as the club's home ground.

The stadium can hold 9,875 spectators and is all seated. It has four stands, one on each side of the pitch. In June 2017, Shrewsbury Town applied to the Sports Grounds Safety Authority for permission to turn a section of the stadium into a safe standing area. They were given permission, making them the first club in the English Football League to have a safe standing section at their stadium.

Unlike Gay Meadow, the stadium is not located within Shrewsbury town centre and is instead in Meole Brace, a suburb in the south-east of the town. It can be difficult for fans to get to. The club has a "matchday travel plan" that asks spectators to walk, cycle or use organised transport where they can. Shrewsbury railway station is just over two miles from the stadium. The Meole Brace Park and Ride bus service is close to the stadium.

The stadium's highest ever attendance is 10,210. This was the attendance of a League Cup match against Premier League club Chelsea on 28 October 2014. The tournament's sponsor at the time, Capital One, provided two temporary stands which were placed in two corners of the stadium to make room for more fans for the match.

Hodnet, Shropshire

Hodnet is a village and civil parish in the county of Shropshire, England. It lies 5.7 miles (9.2 km) south-west of the town of Market Drayton.

The civil parish currently has a population of 1,534.

Hodnet's name has Celtic origins derived from the Welsh "hawdd" meaning pleasant or peaceful and "nant", a glen or valley in Old Welsh. Evidence of a Bronze Age burial site was discovered during construction of the bypass in 2002. Hodnet is recorded in the Domesday Book as Odenet, and the village's 17th-century Hundred House was named for this reason.

The village lies is on the A53 road from Shrewsbury to Newcastle-under-Lyme. It is served by the 511 bus route, operated by Arriva Midlands, between Shrewsbury and Market Drayton.

Audrey Rose

Audrey Rose is a 1977 American psychological horror drama movie directed by Robert Wise and based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Frank De Felitta. It stars Anthony Hopkins, Marsha Mason, Norman Lloyd, Susan Swift and was distributed by United Artists.


Market Drayton

Market Drayton, known locally as simply Drayton, is a market town and civil parish in the county of Shropshire, England. It is located near the Cheshire and Staffordshire borders. 

It lies on the River Tern, between Shrewsbury and Stoke-on-Trent.

The town was formerly known as Drayton in Hales around 1868 and earlier simply as Drayton around 1695. Drayton is recorded in the Domesday Book as a manor in the hundred of Hodnet. It was held by William Pantulf, Lord of Wem, from Roger de Montgomery, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury. It is listed as having a population of just 5 households in 1086, putting it in the smallest 20% of settlements recorded.

Now, the town has a population of 11,773.

The town had a railway station, however it closed in 1963 during the Beeching cuts. The site of the former station is now a Morrisons supermarket.

The town has a semi-professional football club, Market Drayton Town FC.

Market Drayton is twinned with:

Goodbye, Norma Jean

Goodbye, Norma Jean is a 1976 American biographical movie directed by Larry Buchanan and stars Misty Rowe playing the part of Marilyn Monroe.

Fighting Mad

Fighting Mad is a 1976 American action drama movie directed by Jonathan Demme and produced by Roger Corman. It stars Peter Fonda, Lynn Lowry, John Doucette, Scott Glenn, Philip Carey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Fatma Boussaha

Fatma Boussaha () (born January 22 1942 in Zaghouan - died October 27 2015) was a Tunisian Mezwed singer. Fatma Boussaha performed several titles like Ya ami echiffour (Hey my uncle the driver) and Ya karhebt Kamel (Hey the car of Kamel). She was known for her song Achchibani wassa (Laisse passer le Vieuxard) in 1999. Her last title, Trabek ghali ya touness, (Your dust is precious, Tunis) dates from 2012. At one time, she was banned from broadcasting on Tunisian television as were other mezoued artists. Boussaha died on Tuesday October 27, 2015 at her home.

At the end of her life, touched by cancer, she found herself alone facing her fight, leading the Ministry of Culture to take charge of her care within the framework of her program of assistance to artists.

Zaghouan

Zaghwan (or Zaghouan; "") is a town in the northern half of Tunisia.
Situated on a low ridge of the Dorsale Mountains, the town has a mild climate and presents a green aspect. Cold water from here was taken by aqueduct to Carthage. The town is famous for its roses, originally cultivated by Muslim refugees from Spain in the seventeenth century. The town is located around 100 km due south of Tunis and around 50 km inland (west) from the Gulf of Hammamet and has an estimated population of around 20,837 (2014). It is the capital of the Zaghouan Governorate.

On the mountain south of the city is the Roman Water Temple Djebel Zaghouan (Temple de Eaux), source of an aqueduct which used to take water to the city of Carthage over 100 km away. The ruins here are illustrated in Fisher's Drawing Room Scrap Book, 1840, as 'Temple and Fountain of Zagwhan', the subject of a poem by Letitia Elizabeth Landon.

Larbi Ben Salah Abid

Larbi Ben Salah Abid (; born June 30, 1953 in Korba) is a Tunisian politician, he was second vice-president of the Constituent Assembly between 2011 and 2014. He obtained his Bachelor of Arts in 1974 from Carthage Présidence Lyceum, a Masters in Private Law in 1981 and the Certificate of aptitude for the profession of Law, before starting his professional career in the insurance sector, then joining the legal profession after five years. He was also à member of the National Bar Association in Tunisia from 2001 to 2004. He has been a member of the Tunisian Human Rights League and the National Council for Liberties in Tunisia since their creation.

Oulaya

Oulaya (‎; 4 November 1936 – 19 March 1990), Born "Beya Bent Béchir Ben Hédi Rahal", was a Tunisian singer and actress.


Yentl

Yentl is a 1983 American romantic musical drama movie directed and starring Barbra Streisand and based on the Leah Napolin and Isaac Bashevis Singer play and short story of the same name. It also stars Amy Irving, Mandy Patinkin, Nehemiah Persoff and was nominated for 5 Oscars including one win at the Academy Awards in 1984.

Weird Science (movie)

Weird Science is a 1985 American science fiction fantasy comedy movie written and directed by John Hughes, starring Anthony Michael Hall, Kelly LeBrock, Bill Paxton, Robert Downey Jr., Vernon Wells, Ilan Mitchell-Smith. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was spun off into TV series in 1994.


Hend Sabry

Hend Sabry (; born Hend Mohamed El-Moldy Sabry on 20 November 1979) is a Tunisian actress and lawyer working in Egypt. Hend starred as "'Ola" in the Egyptian television drama "Ayza Atgawiz" as a character obsessed with getting married, who goes through dozens of prospective fiancés.

In 2010 she was appointed an ambassador against hunger by the UN World Food Programme. "Arabian Business" listed her among the "100 most powerful Arab women" in 2013.

Sabry is married to an Egyptian businessman and has dual-nationalities of her home country Tunisia and her country of residence Egypt. She was on the cover of the Tunivisions people magazine in June 2011.


Hiiumaa

Hiiumaa is the second largest island in Estonia. It is part of the West Estonian archipelago, in the Baltic Sea. It has an area of 989 km and is 22 km from the Estonian mainland. Its largest town is Kärdla. It is in Hiiu County.

Elk, red deer, roe deer, wild boars, foxes, lynxes and martens. Wolves have started to come back to the island after being made locally extinct. Minks were also reintroduced in 2000. The bird species found on the island include black storks, golden eagles, cranes, avocets and swans.

Ida-Viru County

Ida-Viru County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is Jõhvi.

Ida-Virumaa County is divided into eight municipalities. Four are urban and four are rural. There are 217 villages in Ida-Virumaa.

Jõgeva County

Jõgeva County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Jõgeva.

The county is divided into municipalities. There are three rural municipalities:

Laisenia Qarase

Laisenia Qarase (4 February 1941 – 21 April 2020) was a Fijian politician. He served as the sixth Prime Minister of Fiji from 2000 to 2006. In 2001, he founded the political party, Soqosoqo Duavata ni Lewenivanua (SDL). He was born in Vanua Balavu, Lau Islands.

Qarase died in Suva on 21 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Ashley Mattingly

Ashley Mattingly (September 10, 1986 – April 15, 2020) was an American model. She was the "Playboy" Playmate of the Month for March 2011. Mattingly was born in Dallas, Texas.
Mattingly died by suicide on April 15, 2020 in Austin, Texas at the age of 33.

Prime Minister of Fiji

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Fiji is the head of government of Fiji. The Prime Minister is appointed by the President. In 2022, Sitiveni Rabuka became the current Prime Minister.

! colspan=9| Prime ministers of the Dominion of Fiji
! colspan=9| Prime ministers of the Republic of Fiji

Bob Oliver

Robert Lee Oliver (February 8, 1943 – April 19, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a first baseman and outfielder. He batted and threw right-handed. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1965), Kansas City Royals (1969–1972), California Angels (1972–1974), Baltimore Orioles (1974) and New York Yankees (1975).

Oliver was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He was the father of baseball player Darren Oliver. He died on April 19, 2020, in Rio Linda, California. He was 77.

Jioji Konrote

Jioji Konousi "George" Konrote, OF, MC (born 26 December 1947) is a Fijian politician and retired Major-General of the Fiji Military. He was the President of Fiji from 2015 to 2021.

Järva County

Järva County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is Paide. Besides Paide, municipalities are Türi Parish and Järva Parish.

Rio Linda, California

Rio Linda is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 15,944.

Parliament of Fiji

The Parliament of the Republic of Fiji is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Fiji. It is made up of 51 members elected every 4 years using open list proportional representation. It is the country's only body of government. In 2022, Naiqama Lalabalavu became the Speaker of Parliament.

The salary of the speaker is FJ$ 150,000 annually.

Willy Quadackers

Willy Quadackers (26 July 1937 – 18 April 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a right back.

Quadackers was born in Heerlen, Limburg. He played club football for Fortuna'54 (1961–1966) and MVV (1966–1971). He also played one match for the Dutch national team in 1964.

Quadackers died on 18 April 2020 at the age of 82.

President of Fiji

The president of the Republic of Fiji is the head of state of Fiji. The President is appointed by the Parliament of Fiji for a three-year term under the terms of the 2013 Constitution of Fiji.

! colspan=9| Head of the Interim Military Government

! colspan=9| Presidents of the Republic of Fiji

! colspan=9| Head of the Interim Military Government

! colspan=9| President of the Republic of Fiji

! colspan=9| Head of the Interim Military Government

! colspan=9| Presidents of the Republic of Fiji

Allan Gotlieb

Allan Ezra Gotlieb (February 28, 1928 – April 18, 2020) was a Canadian public servant, author and lawyer. He served as the Canadian Ambassador to the United States from 1981 to 1989. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

On April 18, 2020, Gotlieb died due to cancer and Parkinson's disease in Toronto, Ontario. He was 92.

Lääne County

Lääne County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is Haapsalu. 

There is one urban municipality and 2 rural municipalities:

Horacio Fontova

Horacio González Fontova (30 October 1946 – 20 April 2020) was an Argentine actor, singer-songwriter and comedian. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was known for his roles in "The Plague" (1992), "Aballay" (2011) and "Underdogs" (2013). He appeared in the Argentine historical television series "Algo habrán hecho por la historia argentina".

Fontova died of cancer in Buenos Aires on 20 April 2020, aged 73.


Lääne-Viru County

Lääne-Viru County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is Rakvere.

The county is divided into municipalities. There is one urban municipality and seven rural municipalities in Lääne-Viru County.

Some Kind of Wonderful

Some Kind of Wonderful is a 1987 American romantic drama movie directed by Howard Deutch and starring Eric Stoltz, Mary Stuart Masterson, Craig Sheffer, Pamela Anderson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was one of several successful movies by John Hughes in the 1980s.


Batura Muztagh

The Batura Muztagh is a group of mountains in the Karakoram mountain range. It was what is called a subrange, or a smaller mountain range inside of a larger one. It is located in Gilgit-Baltistan, in Pakistan.

Batura Muztagh is the most western of the Karakoram subranges. It runs from Chalt village in Bar Valley in the east to Kampir Dior in the Kurumbar Valley in the west. This subrange included Muchu Chhish, which is the second highest unclimbed mountain in the world.





Tamezret

Tamezret or Tamazrat () is a Tunisian Berber village located in the south-east of the country, about ten kilometers from Matmata and forty kilometers southwest of the capital of the governorate of Gabès on which it depends. Ridge village built on the four slopes of one of the highest hills of the Matmata mountains.(480 m altitude).


National Lampoon's Vacation

National Lampoon's Vacation is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Harold Ramis and written by John Hughes. It stars Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Randy Quaid, John Candy, Anthony Michael Hall, Christie Brinkley, Jane Krakowski and distributed by Warner Bros. and spawned four sequels.

Hédi Berkhissa

Hédi «Balha» Berkhissa (June 28, 1972, Kerkennah, Tunisia – January 4, 1997, Tunis, Tunisia) was a Tunisian footballer who played for Espérance and the Tunisian National Team as a defender. On January 4, 1997, in a friendly match between Espérance and French side Olympique Lyon at Stade Chedli Zouiten, Berkhissa had a heart attack on the field in the last minutes of the game and died.

The Ploughman's Lunch

The Ploughman's Lunch is a 1983 British drama movie directed by Richard Eyre and stars Jonathan Pryce, Tim Curry, Frank Finlay, Rosemary Harris.

Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains

The Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains is a group of mountains in the Karakoram range. It was what is called a subrange, or a smaller mountain range inside of a larger one. It is located in Gilgit-Baltistan, in Pakistan.

The Barpu and the Chogo Lungma Glaciers are the northern border for these mountains. In the east, the Shigar River is the border. The Gilgit and Indus Rivers form the border in the south. The Hunza River is the border in the west.

The subrange is named after two mountains, Rakaposhi and Haramosh. These have some of the largest Topographic prominence in the world.


Ian Whitcomb

Ian Timothy Whitcomb (10 July 1941 – 19 April 2020) was an English singer-songwriter, musician and record producer. He was part of the British Invasion. His hit song "You Turn Me On" reached No. 8 in the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in 1965. He wrote many books on popular music, starting with "After the Ball". He recreated the music played aboard the which earned him a Grammy Award nomination.

At age 60, Ian became a California State employee. Dr. Kevin Starr, the State Librarian, appointed him Roving Minstrel (officially, California State Music Librarian) in his own chautauqua, traveling every other month to rural libraries in order to give entertaining and educational lecture-concerts on the subject of popular music. Regina accompanied him, as did Rollo (their dog). He very much enjoyed these trips: seeing the California he loves so much, meeting new people, making discoveries. He introduced so many families to American Popular Song highlighting that the books and recordings are available in the libraries.

Whitcomb was born in Woking, Surrey. He lived in the United States with his wife, Regina. On 19 April 2020, Whitcomb died in Los Angeles, California, of stroke-related problems. He was 78.

The Osterman Weekend (movie)

The Osterman Weekend is a 1983 American suspense thriller movie directed by Sam Peckinpah in his final movie before his death in 1984 and was adapted from the 1972 novel of the same name by Robert Ludlum. It stars Rutger Hauer, John Hurt, Burt Lancaster, Craig T. Nelson, Dennis Hopper, Chris Sarandon and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Spantik-Sosbun Mountains

The Spantik-Sosbun Mountains are a group of mountains in the Karakoram range. They are what is called a subrange, or a smaller mountain range inside of a larger one. This subrange is located in Gilgit-Baltistan, in Pakistan.

The highest mountain is Spantik, which is high. The other mountain after which the subrange is named is Sosbun Brakk, which is high.

The Spantik-Sosbun Mountains are about long, going mostly east–west. The northern border is the Hispar and Biafo Glaciers. On the southwest, the Barpu Glacier and the Chogo Lungma Glacier separate these mountains from the Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains. On the southeast, the Braldu River is the border between this subrange and the Mango Gusor Mountains.

Krystyna Łybacka

Krystyna Maria Łybacka (10 February 1946 – 20 April 2020) was a Polish politician. She was the Minister of National Education from 2001 to 2004. She also served as a member of the national parliament (Sejm) from 1991 to 2014. She was born in Jutrosin.

Łybacka died on 20 April 2020 at the age of 74.


The Island (1980 movie)

The Island is a 1980 American horror movie directed by Michael Ritchie and is based on the novel of the same name by Peter Benchley who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Michael Caine, David Warner, Dudley Sutton, Frank Middlemass and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated 2 Razzies at the 1st Golden Raspberry Awards.


Better Off Ned

"Better Off Ned" is the 16th episode of the 31st season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on the Fox network on March 15, 2020. In the episode, Homer becomes Nelson's mentor to make Bart jealous when Ned takes care of him. The episode was dedicated to Max von Sydow who died on March 8, 2020. He guest starred in the episode "The War of Art" as Klaus Ziegler. 

Bart's grandpa tells him a war story and pranks him with a fake grenade. Bart takes the grenade to school and pranks them, causing everyone to run away. Ned Flanders throws himself on the grenade as a sacrifice and to save everyone. Superintendent Chalmers is going to suspend Bart from school, but Ned wants to take care of him with his three P's: persistence, prayer, and persistent prayer.

At the Flanders house, Ned goes to take Bart fishing. When Bart catches a fish, Ned teaches him how to roast it in a fire. Bart also joins a church choir and everyone in the church congratulate Ned for making Bart a better person. This makes Homer jealous.

Homer walks around the city and finds Nelson Muntz at a landfill crying because of what is going on at his home. Homer brings him to Krusty Burger and says that he will be his mentor, so that he can make Bart jealous. Lisa says that Homer should go to a counselor because he ends up causing problems. The therapist Homer goes to disagrees with what Homer tries. Homer finds Nelson's mother who asks if he will leave Nelson, like a lot of men did in the past. Homer tries to tell Nelson about it, but he gets sad and plans revenge on Bart. 

At the Christian Pride Parade, Nelson tries to start a praying hands machine in order to crush Bart with the hands. Homer sees Nelson and pushes Bart away, getting crushed by the hands. Homer and Bart ride in the ambulance together. Homer apologizes to Nelson and lets Ned take him as a mentor. 

Dennis Perkins of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a score of C- and said that "'Better Off Ned' isn’t just a lousy half-hour (minus commercials, minus three episode-ending tags in place of any sort of resolution) of The Simpsons because it’s double-dipping on the same premise. It’s a truly lousy episode because it fairly rings with indifference, glib cruelty, and enough lamp-shading of creative exhaustion to serve as platonic ideal for late-run ‘is that show still on?’ disposability." "Den of Geek" gave the episode a 3 out of 5 stars and says "'Better Off Ned' is sweet but feels like a doughnut where the creamy middle has been sucked out. It doesn’t quite miss the edge as much as it dulls it. The opportunities are here for sharper comedy, but the episode cuts across the surface."

Demon Seed

Demon Seed is a 1977 American science fiction horror movie directed by Donald Cammell and is based on the best selling novel by Dean Koontz. It stars Julie Christie, Fritz Weaver, Lisa Lu and was distributed by United Artists.


Mercedario

Mercedario is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 8th highest mountain in the Andes.

Tipas

Tipas is a volcano in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 9th highest mountain in the Andes. It is also known as Cazadero and Cerro Walther Penck.

Incahuasi

Incahuasi is a volcano in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 10th highest mountain in the Andes.

Yerupajá

Yerupajá is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 11th highest mountain in the Andes.

Tupungato

Tupungato is a mountain in the Andes range, in Chile. It is the 12th highest mountain in the Andes. 

Nevado Sajama

Nevado Sajama is a mountain in the Andes range, in Bolivia. It is the 13th highest mountain in the Andes. 

Meaulne-Vitray

Meaulne-Vitray is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Meaulne (the seat) and Vitray.

Ramada Norte

Ramada Norte is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 14th highest mountain in the Andes.

Nice Dreams

Nice Dreams is a 1981 American adventure comedy movie directed by Tommy Chong. It is the third movie out of Cheech & Chong's movie series and stars Tommy Chong, Cheech Marin, Stacey Keach, Paul Reubens, Evelyn Guerrero, Peter Jason. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Paul Winchell

Paul Winchell (born Paul Wilchinsky; December 21, 1922 – June 24, 2005) was an American actor, comedian, humanitarian, inventor and ventriloquist. He was born on December 21, 1922 in New York City. From 1950 to 1954, he hosted "The Paul Winchell Show". From 1965–1968, Winchell hosted the children's television series "Winchell-Mahoney Time". In animation, he was the original voice of Tigger, Dick Dastardly, Gargamel and other characters.

He had three children; including actress April Winchell.

Winchell died on June 24, 2005 in Los Angeles, aged 82.

Cerro El Muerto

El Muerto is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile. It is the 15th highest mountain in the Andes. 

Dick Dastardly

Dick Dastardly is a fictional character and antagonist who appeared in many animated series by Hanna-Barbera Productions from 1968 onward. 

Dastardly's most famous appearances are as a main character in the series "Wacky Races" and its spin-off, "Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines" where he appeared as a good guy. he and Muttley appeared as the main villains in the Warner Bros.' 2020 "Scooby-Doo" CGI animated film "Scoob!".

He is partly based on the English actor Terry-Thomas.
Dick Dastardly was voiced by Paul Winchell before being replaced by Jim Cummings, Peter Woodward, Rob Paulsen, Jason Isaacs, Tom Kenny, and Eric Bauza‎.

Del Veladero

Del Veladero is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 16th highest mountain in the Andes.

Illimani

Illimani is a mountain in the Andes range, in Bolivia. It is the 17th highest mountain in the Andes.

Antofalla

Antofalla is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 18th highest mountain in the Andes.

Cerro del Nacimiento

Cerro del Nacimiento is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 19th highest mountain in the Andes.

Ancohuma

Ancohuma is a mountain in the Andes range, in Bolivia. It is the 20th highest mountain in the Andes.

Terry-Thomas

Terry-Thomas (born Thomas Terry Hoar Stevens; 14 July 19118 January 1990) was an English actor and comedian.

Some of his best known roles were in "Private's Progress" (1956), "The Green Man" (1956), "Blue Murder at St Trinian's" (1957), "I'm All Right Jack" (1959) and "Carlton-Browne of the F.O." (1959).

From the early 1960s, Terry-Thomas began appearing in American movies such as "Bachelor Flat", "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" and "How to Murder Your Wife". 

In 1971, Terry-Thomas was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died at a nursing home on 8 January 1990 in Godalming, Surrey at the age of 78.


Lovers and Other Strangers

Lovers and Other Strangers is a 1970 American romantic comedy movie directed by Cy Howard and based on the 1968 play of the same name by Renée Taylor and Joseph Bologna. It stars Beatrice Arthur, Gig Young, Cloris Leachman, Richard S. Castellano, Diane Keaton, Sylvester Stallone and the film was nominated for three Oscars and won one Academy Awards in 1971.


Mike Bailey (actor)

Michael James Bailey (born 6 April 1988) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Sid Jenkins in the first two series of the E4 teen comedy-drama "Skins" (2007–2008). Bailey was born in Bristol.

Up in Smoke

Up in Smoke is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by Lou Adler. It is the first movie out of Cheech & Chong's movie series and Tommy Chong, Cheech Marin, Edie Adams, Stacy Keach, Tom Skeritt, Ellen Barkin. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Ofrenda

An ofrenda (Spanish: "offering") is a collection of objects placed on a display during the annual and traditionally Mexican "Día de Muertos" celebration. An "ofrenda", which can be large is usually created for an individual person who has died and is intended to welcome them. They are filled with the deceased personal objects, picture of the person and food.

Edgar Buchanan

William Edgar Buchanan II (March 20, 1903 – April 4, 1979) was an American actor and singer. He was known for his role as Uncle Joe Carson on the television sitcoms "Petticoat Junction", "Green Acres", and "The Beverly Hillbillies" of the 1960s. He was born in Humansville, Missouri.

Buchanan died on April 4, 1979 in Palm Desert, California of a stroke caused by pneumonia, aged 76.


Mitch Hewer

Mitchell Scott Hewer (born 1 July 1989) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Maxxie Oliver in the first two series of the E4 teen comedy-drama "Skins" (2007–2008). He has also appeared in "Britannia High" and "Casualty". Hewer was born in Bristol.

Humansville, Missouri

Humansville is a city in Polk County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 907.

Bolivar, Missouri

Bolivar is a city and county seat of Polk County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 10,679.

Petticoat Junction

Petticoat Junction is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 1963 to April 1970. The series takes place at the Shady Rest Hotel, which is run by Kate Bradley, her three daughters Billie Jo, Bobbie Jo, and Betty Jo, and her uncle Joe Carson.

The series is one of three unrelated shows about rural characters created by Paul Henning. "Petticoat Junction" was created after the success of Henning's sitcom "The Beverly Hillbillies" (1962–1971). The success of "Petticoat Junction" led to a spin-off, "Green Acres" (1965–1971).

Jeannine Riley

Jeannine Brooke Riley (born October 1, 1940) is an American actress. She was born in Madera, California. She is known for her role as Billie Jo Bradley on the first two seasons of the CBS sitcom "Petticoat Junction" (1963–1965). Riley's movie roles include "The Big Mouth" (1967), "Fever Heat" (1968), "The Comic" (1969) and "Electra Glide in Blue" (1973).

Paul Henning

Paul William Henning (September 16, 1911 – March 25, 2005) was an American producer and screenwriter. He was known for creating "The Beverly Hillbillies". He also helped create "Petticoat Junction" (1963–1970) and "Green Acres" (1965–1971) for CBS. He was one of the staff writers for George Burns. Henning was born in Independence, Missouri. 

Henning died on March 25, 2005 in Burbank, California at the age of 93.

Joe Dempsie

Joseph Maxwell Dempsie (born 22 June 1987) is a British actor. He is best known for his roles as Chris Miles in the E4 teen comedy-drama "Skins" (2007–2008) and Gendry Baratheon in "Game of Thrones" (2011–2019).

Dempsie was born in Liverpool. He grew up in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire.

The Manhattan Project (movie)

The Manhattan Project is a 1986 American science fiction thriller movie directed by Marshall Brickman and stars John Lithgow, Cythnia Nixon, Christopher Collet. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office bomb.


Ketty Lester

Ketty Lester (born Revoyda Frierson; August 16, 1934) is an American singer and actress. She is best known for her 1962 hit single "Love Letters". The song reached the top 5 of the charts in the United States and the United Kingdom. She is also known for her role as Hester-Sue Terhune in the television series "Little House on the Prairie" (1977–1983).

Lester was born in Hope, Arkansas. She is an African-American.

The Golden Child

The Golden Child is a 1986 American adventure fantasy comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and stars Eddie Murphy, Charles Dance, Charlotte Lewis, Randall "Tex" Cobb. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Deadly Friend

Deadly Friend is a 1986 American science-fiction horror movie directed by Wes Craven and based on the 1985 novel Friend by Diana Henstell. It starred Anne Ramsey, Kristy Swanson, Matthew Laborteaux, Anne Towney and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Easy Money

Easy Money is a 1983 American comedy movie starring Rodney Dangerfield who also wrote, Joe Pesci, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Candy Azzara and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It was directed by James Signorelli and distributed by Orion Pictures.

Murphy's Law

Murphy's Law is a 1986 American action thriller movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Charles Bronson, Carrie Snodgress, Lawrence Tierney, Richard Romanus. It was distributed by Cannon Films.

Mr. Mom

Mr. Mom is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Stan Dragoti and written by John Hughes. It stars Michael Keaton, Teri Garr, Christopher Lloyd and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Abdurrahim El-Keib

Abdurrahim Abdulhafiz El-Keib (‎; 2 March 1950 – 21 April 2020) was a Libyan politician. He served as interim Prime Minister of Libya from November 2011 to November 2012. He was born in Tripoli.

On 21 April 2020, El-Keib died of a heart attack. He was 70.

City of the Living Dead

City of the Living Dead () is a 1980 Italian horror movie directed by Lucio Fulci. It stars Christopher George, Catriona MacColl, Carlo de Mejo, Luciano Rossi, and Lucio Fulci.


Seven Minutes in Heaven (movie)

Seven Minutes in Heaven is a 1985 American teen romance comedy movie directed by Linda Feferman and stars Jennifer Connelly, Byron Thames, Maddie Corman, Michael Zaslow, Lauren Holly, Denny Dillon. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Mohamed Akkari

Mohamed Akkari (, born 1978 in Tunis - death April 28 2017 in Mahdia) was a Tunisian actor and Radio personality. Mohamed Akkari died of a heart attack following surgery. He is buried in the Mahdia Marine Cemetery in the presence of a good number of actors and fans.Rabaa Essefi said that the last sequence of the Dawama soap opera filmed with Mohamed was carried out in Sfax a week before his death.















Conrack (1974 movie)

Conrack is a 1974 American autobiographical drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and based on the 1972 autobiographical book "The Water is Wide" by Pat Conroy. It stars Jon Voight, Paul Winfield, Tina Andrews, Antonio Fargas and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


David Ossman

David Ossman (born December 6, 1936) is an American writer, actor and comedian. He was born in Santa Monica, California. He is best known as a member of the Firesign Theatre and screenwriter of such movies as "Zachariah". He also voiced Cornelius in "A Bug's Life".



Altered States

Altered States is a 1980 American science fiction fantasy horror movie directed by Ken Russell and written by Paddy Chayefsky. It stars William Hurt, Blair Brown, Charles Haid, Drew Barrymore, John Larroquette and distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for two Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1981.


Doug Kershaw

Douglas James Kershaw (born January 24, 1936) is an American fiddle player, record producer and singer-songwriter. He was born in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. He began his career as part of the duo Rusty and Doug, along with his brother, Rusty Kershaw. He also had a solo career that included fifteen albums and singles that charted on the Hot Country Songs charts.

In 2009, he became a member of the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame.

Cameron Parish, Louisiana

Cameron Parish () is a parish in the southwestern section of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,617. The parish seat is Cameron.

Harrisonburg, Louisiana

Harrisonburg is a village in and the parish seat of Catahoula Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 277 as of the 2020 census.

Catahoula Parish, Louisiana

Catahoula Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,906. Its parish seat is Harrisonburg.

Livingston, Louisiana

Livingston is the parish seat of Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 5,640 at the 2020 census.

Livingston Parish, Louisiana

Livingston Parish (French: "Paroisse de Livingston") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. Livingston Parish is known as one of the six Florida Parishes, a region of the State of Louisiana that was bought from Spanish Florida.

Livingston Parish is part of the Baton Rouge, LA Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 142,282. Its parish seat is located in the City of Livingston. 

Pointe à la Hache, Louisiana

Pointe à la Hache ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Located on the east bank of the Mississippi River, the village has been the seat for Plaquemines Parish. As of the 2020 census, its population was 183.

Zee and Co.

Zee and Co. is a 1972 British drama movie. It is also called X, Y and Zee or Zee and Company. It was directed by Brian G. Hutton. The movie is based on the novel by Edna O'Brien. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Michael Caine, Susannah York and Margaret Leighton.

St. Joseph, Louisiana

St. Joseph, often called St. Joe, is the parish seat of Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana, United States. It is in the delta of the Mississippi River. The population was 831 at the 2020 census. The town had an African-American majority of 78.5 percent in 2020.

Tensas Parish, Louisiana

Tensas Parish () is a parish located in the northeastern section of the State of Louisiana. Its eastern border is the Mississippi River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,147. It is the least populated parish in Louisiana. The parish seat is St. Joseph. 

Assumption Parish, Louisiana

Assumption Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,039. Its parish seat is Napoleonville. 

Beauregard Parish, Louisiana

Beauregard Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,549. The parish seat is DeRidder.

Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana

Calcasieu Parish (; ) is a parish located on the southwestern border of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 216,785. The parish seat is Lake Charles.

Caldwell Parish, Louisiana

Caldwell Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,645. The parish seat is Columbia. 

DeSoto Parish, Louisiana

DeSoto Parish (French: "Paroisse DeSoto") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,812. The parish seat and most populous municipality is Mansfield. The parish was formed in 1843.

Clun

Clun (Welsh: Colunwy) is a small town in the south of the county of Shropshire, England.

A 2011 census recorded just 680 people living in the town.

Clun takes its name from the river upon which it stands. The name derives from an earlier Colunwy and shares its very early British root with the Colne rivers, in Lancashire and Essex, each of which has a town of the same name on its banks.

The A488 and B4368 roads cross in the town. Craven Arms, Bishop's Castle (6 miles (10 km) to the north) and Ludlow are the neighbouring Shropshire towns, and Knighton, which is in Powys, Wales, is 7 miles (11 km) to the south.

In "A Shropshire Lad", A. E. Housman wrote the verse:<br>
"Clunton and Clunbury,<br>
Clungunford and Clun,<br>
Are the quietest places<br>
Under the sun."

East Carroll Parish, Louisiana

East Carroll Parish () is a parish located in the Mississippi Delta in northeastern Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,459. The parish seat is Lake Providence. 

East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana

East Feliciana Parish (, ) is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,539.The parish seat is Clinton.

Evangeline Parish, Louisiana

Evangeline Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 32,350. The parish seat is Ville Platte.

Grant Parish, Louisiana

Grant Parish () is a parish located in the North Central portion of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 22,169. The parish seat is Colfax. The parish was founded in 1869 and named after President Ulysses S. Grant.

Iberville Parish, Louisiana

Iberville Parish () is a parish located south of Baton Rouge in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,241. Its seat is Plaquemine. The parish was formed in 1807.

Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana

Jefferson Davis Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 32,250. The parish seat is Jennings. Jefferson Davis Parish is named after the president of the Confederacy during the American Civil War, Jefferson Davis.

Lafourche Parish, Louisiana

Lafourche Parish () is a parish located in the south of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 97,557. The parish seat is Thibodaux. The parish was formed in 1807. 

Madison Parish, Louisiana

Madison Parish (French: "Paroisse de Madison") is a parish located on the northeastern border of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is in the delta lowlands along the Mississippi River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,017. Its parish seat is Tallulah. The parish was formed in 1839.

Equus (movie)

Equus is a 1977 British American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and based on the play of the same name by Peter Shaffer. It stars Richard Burton, Peter Firth, Colin Blakely, Joan Plowright, Eileen Atkins, Jenny Agutter and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1978.


Morehouse Parish, Louisiana

Morehouse Parish is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,629. The parish seat is Bastrop. The parish was formed in 1844.

Richland Parish, Louisiana

Richland Parish is a parish located in the North Louisiana Delta Country in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The parish seat and largest community is Rayville. The parish was officially created on September 29, 1868.

St. Charles Parish, Louisiana

St. Charles Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,549.The parish seat is Hahnville.

The Buddy Holly Story

The Buddy Holly Story is 1978 American biographical movie about Buddy Holly and was directed by Steve Rash. It stars Gary Busey, Don Stroud, Charles Martin Smith, Conrad Janis, Maria Richwine and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for three Oscars and won one Academy Award in 1979.


St. Helena Parish, Louisiana

St. Helena Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,920. Its seat is Greensburg. The parish was created in 1810.

Winn Parish, Louisiana

Winn Parish is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,755. Its parish seat and most populous municipality is Winnfield. The parish was founded in 1852. It is last in alphabetical order of Louisiana's sixty-four parishes.






West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana

West Feliciana Parish (French: "Paroisse de Feliciana Ouest") is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,310. The parish seat is St. Francisville. The parish was created in 1824.

West Carroll Parish, Louisiana

West Carroll Parish () is a parish located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,751. The parish seat is Oak Grove. The parish was founded in 1877, when Carroll Parish was divided.

West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana

West Baton Rouge Parish () is one of the sixty-four parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,199. The parish seat is Port Allen. The parish was created in 1807.

Washington Parish, Louisiana

Washington Parish (French: "Paroisse de Washington") is a parish in the southeast corner of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 45,463. Its parish seat is Franklinton. The parish was founded in 1819.

Vernon Parish, Louisiana

Vernon Parish (French: "Paroisse de Vernon") is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,750. The parish seat is Leesville. 

Vermilion Parish, Louisiana

Vermilion Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,359. The parish seat is Abbeville. The parish was created in 1844.

Union Parish, Louisiana

Union Parish (French: "Paroisse de l'Union") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,107. The parish seat is Farmerville. The parish was created on March 13, 1839.

Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana

Terrebonne Parish ( ; French: "Paroisse de Terrebonne") is a parish located in the southern part of the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 109,580. The parish seat is Houma. The parish was founded in 1822.

St. Martin Parish, Louisiana

St. Martin Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 51,767. The parish seat is St. Martinville. The parish was founded in 1807.

LaPlace, Louisiana

LaPlace ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. John the Baptist Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is near the east bank of the Mississippi River. The population was 28,841 at the 2020 census.

St. James Parish, Louisiana

St. James Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,192. The parish seat is Convent. The parish was created in 1807.

Alexanderplatz

Alexanderplatz is a square on the northeastern edge of the historic center of Berlin. The rectangular square in the Mitte district goes back to the square in front of King Thor and was given its current name after the Russian Tsar Alexander I in 1805. In the Berlin vernacular, he is usually only called "Alex".

José María Calleja

José María Fernández Calleja (16 May 1955 – 21 April 2020) was a Spanish journalist, political prisoner and anti-ETA activist. He was born in León, Spain. He worked for CNN+ from 1999 to 2010. He was a professor of journalist at Charles III University of Madrid. From 1973 to 1974, he was a political prisoner under the Francisco Franco dictatorship.

Calleja was diagnosed with COVID-19 in March 2020. He died from the infection at a Madrid hospital on 21 April 2020. He was 64.

Shōmei Yokouchi

Yokouchi died on 21 April 2020, aged 78.

Leonie Kooiker

Leonie Kooiker (20 October 1927 – 16 April 2020) was a Dutch children's writer. She was born in Markelo, Netherlands. She published for the children's magazine "Kris Kras". Her first book (), won her the Gouden Griffel. Her book "Het Oerlanderboek", won her the Vlag en Wimpel award.

Kooiker died in Papendrecht, Netherlands on 16 April 2020, aged 92.

Els Pelgrom

Els Pelgrom (born 2 April 1934), pseudonym of Else Koch, is a Dutch children's writer. Pelgrom is the only author to have received the Gouden Griffel award three times. She was born in Arnhem, Netherlands. Her best known books are "De kinderen van het achtste woud", "Kleine Sofie en Lange Wapper" and "De eikelvreters".

Thé Tjong-Khing

Thé Tjong-Khing (; born August 4, 1933) is a Chinese-born Dutch children's book illustrator and writer. He was born in Purworedjo, Java. 

He was a freelance illustrator providing illustration to many children's book authors such as van Guus Kuijer, Els Pelgrom, Sylvia Vanden Heede and Dolf Verroen. Tjong-Khing won the "Gouden Penseel" (Golden Brush) award three times, and in 2005 won the "Woutertje Pieterse Prijs" for his book "Waar is de taart?" (Where is the cake?). 

In 2010 he won the "Max Velthuijs-prijs" (Max Velthuijs Prize).


Ditherington Flax Mill

The Ditherington Flax Mill, promoted as the Shrewsbury Flaxmill Maltings, is a flax mill in the county town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is the world's first iron-framed building. It is also seen as the world's first skyscraper, often being described as ""the grandfather of skyscrapers"", despite it being only as tall as a modern-day five-storey building. In the 1950s, it became a Grade I listed building. The site is owned by of Historic England.

Its architect was Charles Bage, who designed the mill using an iron-framed structure, inspired by the work of William Strutt. The columns and cross-beams were made by William Hazledine at his foundry in Shrewsbury. The construction of the mill ran from 1796 to 1797, at a cost of £17,000 (including equipment).

There is an exhibition open to the public on the ground floor of the Main Mill which officially opened on 10 September 2022.


Dolf Verroen

Dolf Verroen (born 20 November 1928) is a Dutch children's writer. He was born in Delft, Netherlands. Verroen made his debut in 1955 with the poetry collection "In los verband". His first children's book "Het boek van Jan-Kees" was published in 1958. He won the Zilveren Griffel award four times.

In 1999 he became "Ridder" in the Order of the Netherlands Lion.

In 2006 he won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis for his book "Wie schön weiß ich bin".

Jan Reehorst

Jan Reehorst (born 21 March 1923 in Rotterdam) is a former Dutch politician. He is a member of the Labour Party. From 1953 until 1973 he was a member of the municipal council, and from 1967 to 1973 also an alderman of Rotterdam. Between 1956 and 1967 he was a member of the House of Representatives. In 1973 he became mayor of Velsen and from 1977 till 1984 he was mayor of Haarlem.


Harrie Geelen

Harrie Geelen (born 10 January 1939) is a Dutch illustrator, movie director, animator, translator, writer and poet. In 2014, he was made a knight of the Order of the Dutch Lion. Geelen was born in Heerlen, Netherlands. His best known novel series "Kunt u mij de weg naar Hamelen vertellen, mijnheer?", were published in the 1970s.

He studied in Amsterdam, which is where he met his wife Imme Dros. Geelen wrote several well known television children's programs and translated Disney movies into Dutch.

Imme Dros

Imme Dros (born 26 September 1936) is a Dutch children's writer. She was born in Oudeschild, Texel. She studied Dutch in Amsterdam. There she met her husband Harrie Geelen. She wrote her first book in 1971. Her husband has illustrated several of her books. Dros' works were mainly about fables or Odysseus during the Trojan War.

Church Stretton railway station

Church Stretton railway station is a railway station serving the market town of Church Stretton in Shropshire, England.

It is located on the Welsh Marches line, 12 3⁄4 miles (20.5 km) south of Shrewsbury railway station; though trains on the Heart of Wales line also stop at the station. All trains services are operated by Transport for Wales, who also manage the station.

The station opened on 20 April 1852 as part of the newly created Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway.

It is the highest station in Shropshire, 613 ft (187 m) above sea level.

Guus Kuijer

Guus Kuijer (; born 1 August 1942) is a Dutch author. He wrote books for children and adults. He is best known for the "Madelief" series of children's books. He won the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award from the Swedish Arts Council in 2012. He was one of five finalists for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2008. Kuijer was born in Amsterdam.


Platoon

A platoon is small military unit. A platoon is made from two or more squads or sections. It is usually the smallest military unit which is commanded by an officer.

Halloween Kills

Halloween Kills is an 2021 American horror movie directed by David Gordon Green and written by Green, Danny McBride and Scott Teems. It is a sequel to 2018's "Halloween" and the twelfth installment in the "Halloween" franchise. 

The movie stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Nick Castle replaying their roles as Laurie Strode and Michael Myers. Judy Greer, Andi Matichak, Kyle Richards, Charles Cyphers and Nancy Stephens reprise their roles from the 2018 and 1978 movies, with Anthony Michael Hall also joining. 

"Halloween Kills" was released in the United States on October 15, 2021, by Universal Pictures. Another sequel, "Halloween Ends", is scheduled to be released on October 14, 2022.

Halloween Ends

Halloween Ends is a 2022 American slasher movie directed by David Gordon Green and written by Green, Danny McBride, Paul Brad Logan and Chris Bernier. It is based on characters created by John Carpenter and Debra Hill. It is a sequel to 2021's "Halloween Kills", the thirteenth movie in the "Halloween" franchise.

The movie stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Nick Castle returning to their roles as Laurie Strode and Michael Myers. Andi Matichak, Will Patton, and Kyle Richards also star. 

Filming began in Savannah, Georgia on January 10, 2022.

"Halloween Ends" released on October 14, 2022 by Universal Pictures.

On Halloween night in 2019, 21-year-old Corey Cunningham is babysitting a young boy named Jeremy, who pulls a prank on Corey by locking him inside the attic. Just as Jeremy's parents come home, Corey kicks the door open and accidentally knocks Jeremy over a staircase railing to his death. Corey is accused of intentionally killing Jeremy but is cleared of manslaughter.

Three years later, the town of Haddonfield, Illinois is still reeling from the aftermath of Michael Myers's latest extended killing spree in 2018, while Michael has vanished. Laurie Strode is writing a memoir, having bought a new house and living with Allyson, her granddaughter, who is now a nurse. Meanwhile, Corey is working at his stepfather's salvage yard. On his way home one day, he is taunted by high school bullies and injures himself in the process. An observing Laurie brings him to the doctor's office where Allyson works. Allyson and Corey develop a relationship and later attend a Halloween party, where Corey is confronted by Jeremy's mother. Corey leaves the party and runs into the bullies, who throw him off a bridge. Dragged into the sewers by an unknown figure, he wakes up and is confronted by Michael, who has been living there for the past four years. After holding him by the throat, Michael lets Corey go. On the way out, Corey is confronted by a homeless man and takes out a knife previously given to him by Laurie. In a struggle, Corey stabs the man to death and flees.

Corey and Allyson go on a dinner date, but Allyson's ex-boyfriend, police officer Doug Mulaney, shows up and harasses them both. Corey later lures the cop into the sewer. Michael emerges and although in a weakened state murders Doug to Corey's delight. Corey decides to become a new boogeyman figure and to take vengeance upon anyone who wronged him and Allyson. Allyson is passed over for a promotion at work, in favor of a fellow nurse who is having an affair with the doctor. Corey then kills the doctor at his home while the nurse is killed by Michael, who followed Corey.

An unknowing Allyson plans to leave Haddonfield with an insistent Corey because of the past trauma, while Laurie becomes increasingly suspicious of Corey after he begins mimicking Michael's behavior. After finding him sleeping in the spot Jeremy died, Laurie offers to help him on the condition he leaves Allyson alone. Corey retorts by blaming her for the events that have occurred in Haddonfield and says if he cannot have Allyson, no one will.

On October 31, Corey returns to the sewers and successfully fights a still-weak Michael for his mask. Meanwhile, Laurie and Allyson argue as she plans to leave and Allyson, too, blames Laurie for Michael's actions. That night, Corey embarks on a rampage, murdering the bullies after luring them to the salvage yard. In the confusion, Corey's stepfather is also accidentally killed. He then goes on to kill his mother, as well as the DJ and receptionist at the radio station.

Back at the Strode house, Laurie faux-attempts suicide to lure Corey to her, whom she shoots down the stairs. Corey then stabs himself in the neck to frame Laurie for his death in front of the arriving Allyson. Michael suddenly arrives to retrieve his mask and kills Corey. During a fight between Laurie and Michael, Laurie stabs Michael in the hands, pinning him to the table. She stabs him in the chest and neck before removing his mask and slitting his throat, but he breaks one arm free and strangles her before Allyson arrives and breaks his arm. Laurie slices his wrist, finally killing him.

Laurie and Allyson take his body to the salvage yard by police escort, attracting the residents of Haddonfield, who follow them in a procession, and dispose of it in an industrial shredder. In the ensuing days, Allyson and Laurie reconcile, and Allyson leaves Haddonfield while Laurie finishes her memoir and rediscovers her romance with Deputy Hawkins.

Also appearing in the movie are Jesse C. Boyd as Officer Mulaney, Allyson's ex-boyfriend; Joanne Baron as Joan Cunningham, Corey's overbearing mother; Rick Moose as Ronald, Corey's stepfather who owns the salvage yard; Michael Barbieri as Terry, leader of the gang of bullies who target Corey; Destiny Mone as Stacy, Joey Harris as Margo, and Marteen as Billy, members of Terry's gang; Michael O'Leary as Dr. Mathis, Allyson's boss at the local hospital; Michele Dawson as Deb, Allyson's coworker who is having an affair with Dr. Mathis; Keraun Harris as Willy the Kid, a local radio DJ; Jaxon Goldberg as Jeremy Allen, a young boy who dies while Corey is babysitting him; Candice Rose and Jack William Marshall as Mrs. and Mr. Allen, Jeremy's parents; Omar Dorsey as Sheriff Barker, Haddonfield's current sheriff. Additionally, Diva Tyler briefly reprises her role as Sondra Dickerson, who was thought to have been killed in "Halloween Kills", while Jibrail Nantambu also reprises his role as Julian Morrisey, a young boy who escaped from Michael's killing spree, from the 2018 movie.

David Gordon Green

David Gordon Green (born April 9, 1975) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He directed the dramas "George Washington" (2000), "All the Real Girls" (2003), and "Snow Angels" (2007).

Green also directed comedy movies such as "Pineapple Express" (2008), "Your Highness" and "The Sitter" (both 2011). Green also directed the horror movie "Halloween" (2018), and will return to direct the sequels "Halloween Kills" (2020) and "Halloween Ends" (2021).

Green also directed episodes of the comedy series "Eastbound & Down" (2009–2013), "Red Oaks" (2014–17), "Vice Principals" (2016–17), and "The Righteous Gemstones" (2019–present).

Briançon

Briançon is a commune. It is found in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the southeastern part of France.

Volgelsheim

Volgelsheim () is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wattwiller

Wattwiller (; ) is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

The Hidden Oracle

The Hidden Oracle is a fantasy novel based on Greek and Roman mythology written by American author Rick Riordan. It was published on May 3, 2016, and is the first book in "The Trials of Apollo" series, the second spin-off sequel of the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series. 

Sutton Coldfield

Sutton Coldfield, officially the Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield, is a suburban town and civil parish located in the Borough of Birmingham in the county of the West Midlands, England. However, it used to be part of Warwickshire. It is about 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Birmingham city centre. The 2011 census revealed the parish has a population of 95,107 people.

It is a very old town. There are still examples of Roman roads and old architecture.

It is a royal town because King Henry VIII granted it a Charter of Incorporation and named it a royal town in 1528 due to the influence of Bishop Vesey who was born in Sutton Coldfield. He became Henry VIII's chaplain and then became Bishop of Exeter.

The area is seen as one of the most expensive places to live in the United Kingdom.

Sutton Coldfield railway station is on the Cross-City Line. Passengers can get direct trains to Birmingham, Redditch and Bromsgrove.

Barnet

Barnet is a small town located in North London. In 2018, it had a population of 392,140 people.

Jugend musiziert

Jugend musiziert is a very common music competition for children's and young people in Germany and Austria. Almost a million children's and young people have in 57. years participated at Jugend Musiziert. For many of them, this was the first step in a very successful music career.

In Germany, the nationwide competition includes children and adolescents up to the age of 21, for singing and organ up to the age of 27. It serves the musical location, the comparison with others and the promotion. The participants may not yet be in a musical vocational training (full course) or professional practice. The participants play pieces of music from different eras. The length of the lecture depends on the age group and the requirements in the individual categories and ranges from 10 to 20 minutes. The competition is divided into three phases: First, it is held at regional level, in around 140 regions in Germany and at around 30 German schools in other European countries. Bearer of a “1st Prizes at regional level ”are“ passed on ”to the respective national competition (a German school in Northern, Western and Southern Europe also holds its own national competition) and winner of a“ 1. State level ”at the appropriate minimum age for the federal competition. The solo and ensemble categories change every three years. The “classical” orchestral instruments formed the foundation of “Jugend musiziert” from the very beginning. In 1970 the piano was added, later drums, plucked instruments and vocal categories. In 2009 the solo category "Bass (Pop)" was introduced, followed by "Guitar (Pop)" and "Vocals (Pop)". The most recent expansion in 2015 was the solo category "Special Instrument", with a chopping board and baglamas. It will be offered as an ensemble category for the first time in 2016. In 2015, “Jugend musiziert” had more than 20,000 participants nationwide. Around 7,500 of them were forwarded to the state competitions; almost 2,400 first state prize winners took part in the federal competition. The nationwide competition, which was held for the first time in 1964, is sponsored by the German Music Council. Leading associations are: Federal Association of Music Lessons, Federal Association of German Orchestra Associations, German Tonkünstlerverband (DTKV), Jeunesses Musicales Deutschland (JMD), Association of German Music Schools (VdM). Jugend musiziert is funded by the Federal Ministry for Family, Seniors, Women and Youth, the local umbrella organizations, the municipalities and as the main sponsor of the Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe.

In 2020, all state competitions and the federal competition in Freiburg were canceled for the first time in the 57-year history of Jugend musiziert music because of the COVID-19 Virus.

The Austrian competition was founded in 1969 by F. Knoppek in Leoben as an instrumental and vocal competition for young people from Austria and South Tyrol aged 10–21 (for brass instrument players, double bass and bassoon up to 23, for singers aged 16–26) . It takes place every two years - since 1975 with preselection in so-called "state competitions" in the state capitals and the "federal competition" in Leoben. Participants are delegated from all Austrian federal states. The Tyrolean delegation also includes participants from South Tyrol.

In the Austrian competition, the number of participants rose from 235 in 1969 to over 2000 from 1989. The representatives of the federal states worked out reform proposals (annual implementation, division into a more funding-oriented basic competition and a top competition based on the professional training standard, inclusion of missing instruments and instrumentation, introduction of a binding “compulsory piece” from the 20th century, etc.). In 1993 the competition was last held nationwide under the old name. As an alternative, the federal states and the federal ministries concerned with the aspects of youth, school and university as well as music funding founded the organization Musik der Jugend, which organizes the Prima la musica competition.

In Leoben itself, the sponsoring association continued to hold smaller competitions under the name "Jugend musiziert" it protected in the following years, albeit limited to individual categories and at irregular intervals.


Köthen

Köthen (1885–1927 officially Cöthen) is a city in the state of Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It is the capital of the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld. As of 31 December 2018, 25,911 people lived there.

Transport for Wales Rail Services

Transport for Wales Rail Services (TfW Rail Services) was a British train company. It runs trains throughout Wales and parts of England. It is owned by Keolis/Amey Wales Cymru Limited. The company is also known as: Transport for Wales and TfW Rail (Welsh: Trafnidiaeth Cymru and TrC Trenau) for their day-to-day operations. It was replaced by Transport for Wales Rail Limited (owned by the Welsh Government) in February 2021.

They were awarded the contract for the "Wales and Borders" franchise by the (commercially separate) government body Transport for Wales in 2018. TfW Rail Services started rail operations on 14 October 2018, taking over from Arriva Trains Wales.

The company runs trains throughout Wales and into parts of England, mainly Cheshire, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Manchester, Liverpool and Birmingham. 

They run local stopping services between Cardiff and towns throughout South Wales, including Swansea, Carmarthen, Bridgend and Merthyr Tydfil, as well as longer distance services between Wales and Manchester, Shrewsbury and Birmingham. Some local services also extend to Gloucester and Cheltenham.

Põlva County

Põlva County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Põlva.

The county is divided into municipalities. There are 3 rural municipalities in Põlva County.

Pärnu County

Pärnu County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Pärnu. It is on the coast of the Gulf of Riga.

The county is divided into municipalities. There is one urban municipality and six rural municipalities in Pärnu County.

Livarot-Pays-d'Auge

Livarot-Pays-d'Auge is a commune that is in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the 22 former communes of Livarot (the seat), Auquainville, Les Autels-Saint-Bazile, Bellou, Cerqueux, Cheffreville-Tonnencourt, La Croupte, Familly, Fervaques, Heurtevent, Le Mesnil-Bacley, Le Mesnil-Durand, Le Mesnil-Germain, Meulles, Les Moutiers-Hubert, Notre-Dame-de-Courson, Préaux-Saint-Sébastien, Sainte-Marguerite-des-Loges, Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury, Saint-Michel-de-Livet, Saint-Ouen-le-Houx and Tortisambert.

Cesny-les-Sources

Cesny-les-Sources is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Acqueville, Angoville, Cesny-Bois-Halbout, Placy and Tournebu.

Order of Santiago

The order of Santiago, or Saint James the sword, is an order who's entrance is granted to people of legitimate and noble blood. (By maternal and paternal grandparents.) Santiago is the patron saint of Spain. It was created in the 1100s, and is a religious and military order. It was originally made to defend Christendom, but has evolved into one of the most acclaimed military orders in the world.

Oelixdorf

Oelixdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wettolsheim

Wettolsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France. 

Brewster, Nebraska

Brewster is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Blaine County.

Interiors

Interiors is a 1978 American drama movie directed by Woody Allen and stars Geraldine Page, Diane Keaton, Mary Beth Hurt, Maureen Stapleton, Sam Waterston, Kristin Griffin. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for 5 Oscars in 1979.

Hedda (movie)

Hedda is a 1975 British drama movie directed by Trevor Nunn and was adapted by Henrik Ibsen's play Hedda Gabler. It stars Glenda Jackson in her Oscar nominated performance, Peter Eyre, Timothy West, Patrick Stewart and Pam St. Clement.

Adagio (music)

Adagio is a tempo in music. Usually it is one of the slower tempos but not as slow as Lento.

Little Murders

Little Murders is a 1971 American black comedy movie. It is directed by and stars Alan Arkin. The movie is based on the play by Jules Feiffer. Other actors include Elliott Gould, Marcia Rodd, Doris Roberts, Alan Arkin, Vincent Gardenia, and Donald Sutherland. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Night of the Creeps

Night of the Creeps is a 1986 American science fiction horror comedy movie. It was the first movie Fred Dekker directed. It stars Jason Lively, Shane Black, Jill Whitlow, and Tom Atkins. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

The movie did not make very much money in theaters. Since then, it has become a cult favorite.


Euphorbia antiquorum

Euphorbia antiquorum is a xerophyte announced by Carl von Linné and later described by León Croizat as "Euphorbia mayuranathanii" in honour to Indian botanist Pallassana Vaithipattar Mayurnathan, who gathered in Madras;

It is common on the Indian subcontinent, in Pakistan, Thailand, and Myanmar. It is a succulent. It occurs in areas up to about above sea level.

no var iety is recognized jet i.e. E a. var polygona Wight
त्रिधार Hindi name

Atlantic City (movie)

Atlantic City is a 1980 Canadian French romantic crime drama movie. It was directed by Louis Malle. Actors include: Susan Sarandon, Burt Lancaster, Al Waxman, Kate Reid, Hollis McLaren, and Robert Goulet. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

"Atlantic City" was nominated for 5 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1982.

Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask) (movie)

Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask) is a 1972 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by David Reuben. It also stars John Carradine, Lou Jacobi, Burt Reynolds, Lynn Redgrave, Tony Randall, Anthony Quayle, Gene Wilder and was distributed by United Artists.

Saare County

Saare County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is Kuressaare. The county is Saaremaa, the largest island of Estonia, and several smaller islands near it. Notable islands are Muhu, Ruhnu, Abruka and Vilsandi.

The county is divided into municipalities. There are 3 rural municipalities in Saare County.

Saaremaa

Saaremaa is the largest island in Estonia. It is . The island is in the Baltic Sea, south of Hiiumaa island and west of Muhu island. It belongs to the West Estonian Archipelago.

The highest point on Saaremaa is 54 m above sea level. One feature found on the island is the Kaali crater. The island has lots of forested land. One of the symbols of the island is the juniper.

Robert Biedroń

Robert Biedroń (born 13 April 1976) is a Polish politician. He was the mayor of the city of Słupsk from 2014 to 2018.

In 2011, he was elected to the Sejm as a member of the Palikot's Movement party, becoming first coming out gay Member of Parliament in Poland. He gave up his seat before just before swearing in office of mayor, whom he was in years 2014–2018. He is the chairman of Spring ("Wiosna") since 2019. He has been also a Member of the European Parliament (2019–present). He was one of the candidates for the Polish presidential election 2020.

Shrewsbury Castle

Shrewsbury Castle is a medieval castle located in the county town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is built out of red sandstone and stands on a hill in the neck of the meander of the River Severn. It is directly above Shrewsbury railway station and is a Grade I listed building.
William the Conqueror gave orders to build a castle in Shrewsbury in around 1067. It was greatly extended under Roger de Montgomery in around 1070 as a base for operations into Wales, an administrative centre and as a defensive fortification for the town, which was otherwise protected by the loop of the River Severn. The castle later had town walls added; some of the town walls still remain today. The castle was briefly held by Llywelyn the Great, Prince of Wales, in 1215.

On 25 August 1992, the castle's regimental museum was attacked by the Provisional IRA. Extensive damage was done to the museum's collection and to some of the castle. The museum was officially re-opened by Princess Alexandra on 2 May 1995.

Ystradgynlais

Ystradgynlais (, ) is a town in the south-west of the county of Powys, Wales. It is the second largest town in Powys, the largest being Newtown. It is situated on the banks of the River Tawe in the historic county of Brecknockshire.

The town was first recorded in 1372. The place-name ""Ystradgynlais"", meaning ""vale of the river Cynlais"" – may derive from "cyn" (a chisel) and "glais" (a stream). Cynlais may also be a personal name.

Ystradgynlais is one of the few areas within the historic county Brecknockshire that has a reasonably high proportion of speakers of the Welsh language. According to the 2001 census, more than half of all the Welsh-speakers within the Brecknock district live in Ystradgynlais.

Parc-yr-Orsedd in the town has a monument dedicated to fallen heroes of both World Wars from Ystradgynlais, Abercraf, Cwmtwrch, Cwmgiedd, Glyntawe and Coelbren.

Newtown, Powys

Newtown (Welsh: Y Drenewydd) is a town in the county of Powys, Wales. Its population of 11,357 makes it the largest town in Powys. It lies on the River Severn in the historic county of Montgomeryshire.

Newtown is about 8 miles (13 km) from the border with England. 

Newtown consists of numerous housing estates such as Trehafren, Treowen, Barnfields, Canal road, Ffordd Croesawdy, Vaynor, Maesyrhandir, Garth Owen, Milford road and so on. 

One of the more populated areas in Newtown is Barnfields, home to nearly 4,950. 

At the end of the 13th century, Edward I commissioned Roger de Montgomery to construct a centre for the hamlet of Llanfair-yng-Nghedewain near a River Severn ford below the Long Bridge and close to the church of St Mary in Bettws Cedewain gave Newtown its original Welsh name. The town grew in the 18th and 19th centuries around the textile and flannel industry, accompanied by the completion of the Montgomeryshire Canal. In 1838, the town saw Wales's first Chartist demonstration. 

The town has a mainline railway station on the Cambrian Line between Shrewsbury and Aberystwyth. Managed and served by Transport for Wales, trains run roughly two-hourly each way.

The town also has a semi-professional football club, Newtown AFC, who are currently members of the Welsh Premier League, and a rugby club, Newtown RFC.

Newtown is twinned with:

Welshpool

Welshpool (Welsh: Y Trallwng) is a small town and community in the unitary authority of Powys, Wales. It is the fourth largest town in Powys, with a population of 6,664. It lies on the banks of the River Severn and is in the historic county of Montgomeryshire. It is known for its Georgian architecture.

The town is situated around 4 miles (6.4 km) from the border with Shropshire in England. Its name in the Welsh language, Y Trallwng, means ""the marshy or sinking land"". In English, it was initially known as Pool but its name was changed to Welshpool in 1835 to differentiate it from the Dorset town of Poole.

It served briefly as the capital of Powys Wenwynwyn after its prince was forced to flee the traditional Welsh royal site at Mathrafal in 1212, by the prince of Gwynedd. Assistance from the English crown (the enemies of the Gwynedd prince) restored the Wenwynwyn dynasty to their lands.

The town has a mainline railway station on the Cambrian Line between Shrewsbury and Aberystwyth. Managed and served by Transport for Wales, trains run roughly two-hourly each way.

Tartu County

Tartu County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Tartu.

Tartu is between Lake Võrtsjärv and Lake Peipsi. The Emajõgi river is in the county. Nature preserves take up about 10% of the county's land. The biggest of them being Emajõe Suursoo and Alam-Pedja.

The county is divided into municipalities. As of 2017, there is 1 urban municipality and 7 rural municipalities in Tartu County.

Valga County

Valga County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Valga.

Otepää Nature Park, Karula National Park and Koiva-Mustjõe Landscape Conservation Area are all in the county.

There are 3 municipalities:

Llandudno

Llandudno () is a town, seaside resort and community in the Conwy County Borough, Wales. It is located on the Creuddyn Peninsula, which protrudes into the Irish Sea, in the historic county of Caernarfonshire. The community currently has a population of 20,701.
Llandudno is the largest seaside resort in Wales, and as early as 1861 was being called ""The Queen of the Welsh Watering Places"". The town's name is derived from its patron saint, Saint Tudno. The town developed from Stone Age, Bronze Age and Iron Age settlements over many hundreds of years on the slopes of the limestone headland, known to seafarers as the Great Orme and to landsmen as the Creuddyn Peninsula. By 1847, the town had grown to a thousand people, served by the new church of St George, built in 1840.

It was specifically built as a mid-Victorian era holiday destination. The town's main modern-day attractions include the Great Orme Tramway, Llandudno Pier and Venue Cymru.
The town's railway station is situated on the North Wales Coast Line between Crewe in Cheshire, England and Holyhead, Anglesey. It is also the northern terminus of the Conwy Valley line to Blaenau Ffestiniog.

Viljandi County

Viljandi County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Viljandi.

Soomaa National Park is a national park partly in the county.

The county is divided into municipalities. There is one urban municipality and three rural municipalities in Viljandi County.

Võru County

Võru County is a county in Estonia. The capital city is also named Võru. 

There is 1 urban and 4 rural municipalities:

Jack Wallace (actor)

Jack Wallace (August 15, 1933 – April 16, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Pekin, Illinois and was raised in Chicago. He had also appeared in such movies as "Death Wish" (1974), "House of Games" (1987), "Above the Law" (1988) and "Boogie Nights" (1997). In television, he appeared on "Law & Order" and "Six Feet Under".

Wallace was a co-recipient of the 1984 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Ensemble, which he shared with the rest of the cast members in the Broadway production of David Mamet's "Glengarry Glen Ross". 

Wallace died on April 16, 2020 at his home in Los Angeles, aged 86.

Derek Jones (musician)

Derek Jones (June 5, 1984 – April 21, 2020) was an American guitarist. He was best known as the rhythm and lead guitarist and often co-lead vocalist for the American post-hardcore band Falling in Reverse. He was also the guitarist of the American band A Smile From the Trenches. 

Jones died on April 21, 2020 at the age of 35.



Lewis MacAdams

Lewis MacAdams (October 12, 1944 – April 21, 2020) was an American poet, journalist, political activist, and filmmaker. He was born in San Angelo, Texas. He was the co-founder of FoLAR. In 2001, he published his "Birth of The Cool", a cultural history of the idea of cool.

MacAdams was a contributing editor of the "L.A. Weekly" and wrote regularly on culture and ecology for "Rolling Stone", "Men’s Journal", and "The Los Angeles Times". MacAdams was the director of the Poetry Center at San Francisco State University from 1975 to 1978.

MacAdams died on April 21, 2020 in Los Angeles of Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 75.


Angie Craig

Angela Dawn Craig (born February 14, 1972) is an American politician. She is the United States Representative from since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Craig is openly lesbian.

Eagan, Minnesota

Eagan () is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. The city is south of Saint Paul. The population of Eagan was 68,855 at the 2020 census.

Veronica Escobar

Veronica Escobar (born September 15, 1969) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was an El Paso County Commissioner from 2007 to 2011 and the El Paso County Judge from 2011 until 2017.

Marcia Fudge

Marcia Louise Fudge (born October 29, 1952) is an American politician. Fudge is the 18th and current United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development since 2021. She was the U.S. Representative from from 2008 until 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Fudge was Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus in the 113th Congress.

In December 2020, Fudge was nominated by President-elect Joe Biden to serve as the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2021.

Warrensville Heights, Ohio

Warrensville Heights is a city located in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is an East Side suburb of Cleveland. The population was 13,789 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Jacques Pellen

Jacques Pellen (1957 – 21 April 2020) was a French jazz guitarist. Pellen worked with many musicians over the years such as Peter Gritz, Kenny Wheeler, Bruno Nevez, Henri Texier, Riccardo Del Fra, and violinist Didier Lockwood. Pellen was born in Brest, France.

Pellen died of COVID-19 on 21 April 2020, aged 63. 

San Antonio, New Mexico

San Antonio is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Socorro County, New Mexico, United States, roughly in the center of the state, on the Rio Grande. The entire population of the county is around 18,000.

Socorro County, New Mexico

Socorro County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,595. The county seat is Socorro.

Hermleigh, Texas

Hermleigh is a census-designated place (CDP) in Scurry County, Texas, United States.

Hermleigh is ninety-six miles southeast of Lubbock, and has population of 383 people at the 2020 census.

Catron County, New Mexico

Catron County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,579, making it New Mexico's third-least populous county. Its county seat is Reserve. Catron County is New Mexico's largest county by area.

Reserve, New Mexico

Reserve is a village in Catron County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 293 as of the 2020 census.

Chaves County, New Mexico

Chaves County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,157. Its county seat is Roswell.

Cibola County, New Mexico

Cibola County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,172. Its county seat is Grants.

Grants, New Mexico

Grants is a city in Cibola County, New Mexico, United States. It is located about west of Albuquerque. The population was 9,163 at the 2020 Census. It is the county seat of Cibola County.

Colfax County, New Mexico

Colfax County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,387. Its county seat is Raton. 

This county was named for Schuyler Colfax (1823-1885), seventeenth Vice President of the United States under U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant.

Raton, New Mexico

Raton ( ) is a city and the county seat of Colfax County in northeastern New Mexico. The city is located just south of Raton Pass. The city is also 6.5 miles south of the New Mexico/ Colorado border and 85 miles west of Texas.

Coropuna

Coropuna is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 21st highest mountain in the Andes.

Curry County, New Mexico

Curry County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,430. Its county seat is Clovis. 

El Cóndor

El Cóndor is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 22nd highest mountain in the Andes.

De Baca County, New Mexico

De Baca County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,698, making it New Mexico's second-least populous county. Its county seat is Fort Sumner. 

Carlsbad, New Mexico

Carlsbad ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Eddy County, New Mexico, United States. It is near Carlsbad Caverns National Park. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 32,238.

Carlsbad has a warm semi arid with cool to warm winters and very hot summers. In the summer Carlsbad is affected by the North American monsoon which can bring heavy rainfall and mudslides. Average temperatures can range from 43.9°F (6.6°C) in December to 83°F (28.3°C) in July. The warmer months have 121 days at or above 90°F (32°C) and 34 days above 100°F (37.8°C). There are 70 nights at or below freezing in the colder months. The highest temperature ever recorded in Carlsbad was 114°F (45.5°C) on June 28, 1994 and the lowest temperature recorded was -16°F (-26.7°C) on January 11, 1962. Average rainfall and snowfall is 11.86 inches and 4.8 inches respectively. 

Grant County, New Mexico

Grant County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,185. Its county seat is Silver City. 

The county was founded in 1868 and named for Ulysses S. Grant, 18th President of the United States.

Carrizozo, New Mexico

Carrizozo is a town in Lincoln County, New Mexico and is the county seat with a population of 972 at the 2020 census.


Quay County, New Mexico

Quay County (pronounced "kway") is a county in the state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,746. Its county seat is Tucumcari. 

San Miguel County, New Mexico

San Miguel County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,201. Its county seat is Las Vegas.

Huandoy

Huandoy is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 23rd highest mountain in the Andes. 

Ausangate

Ausangate is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 24th highest mountain in the Andes.

Valencia County, New Mexico

Valencia County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 76,205. The county seat is Los Lunas.

Nevado de Cachi

Nevado de Cachi is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 25th highest mountain in the Andes.

Guadalupe County, New Mexico

Guadalupe County () is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,452. Its county seat is Santa Rosa.

Huantsán

Huantsán is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 26st highest mountain in the Andes.

Santa Rosa, New Mexico

Santa Rosa is a city in and the county seat of Guadalupe County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,850 at the 2020 census.

Harding County, New Mexico

Harding County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 657. Its county seat is Mosquero. The county is named for United States President Warren G. Harding.

Mosquero, New Mexico

Mosquero is a village in Harding and San Miguel counties in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The population was 98 at the 2020 census.

Hidalgo County, New Mexico

Hidalgo County () is the southernmost county of the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,178. The county seat and largest city is Lordsburg.

Lordsburg, New Mexico

Lordsburg is a city in and the county seat of Hidalgo County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,335 at the 2020 census.

Lea County, New Mexico

Lea County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 74,455.

Its county seat is Lovington.

Lovington, New Mexico

Lovington is a city in and the county seat of Lea County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 11,668 at the 2020 census.

Los Alamos County, New Mexico

Los Alamos County (English: The Poplars or Cottonwoods) is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is by far the smallest county in New Mexico. Its area is 109 square miles (283 km). As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,419.

Los Alamos, New Mexico

Los Alamos (, meaning "The Cottonwoods" or "The Poplars") is a town in Los Alamos County, New Mexico, United States. The town is located on four mesas of the Pajarito Plateau, and has a population of 13,179. It is the county seat and one of two population centers in the county known as census-designated places (CDPs); the other is White Rock.

Deming, New Mexico

Deming is a city located in Luna County, New Mexico, United States, west of Las Cruces and thirty-three miles north of the Mexican border. The population was 14,758 according to the 2020 census. Deming is the county seat and principal community of Luna County.

Luna County, New Mexico

Luna County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,427. Its county seat is Deming. This county abuts the Mexican border.

Mora County, New Mexico

Mora County () is a county in the US state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,189. Its county seat is the census-designated place (CDP) Mora.

Mora, New Mexico

Mora or is a census-designated place in, and the county seat of, Mora County, New Mexico, United States.

Alamogordo, New Mexico

Alamogordo is the seat of Otero County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 30,898 as of the 2020 census. 

Otero County, New Mexico

Otero County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 67,839. Its county seat is Alamogordo.

Tierra Amarilla, New Mexico

Tierra Amarilla is a small unincorporated community near the Carson National Forest in the northern part of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the county seat of Rio Arriba County.

Rio Arriba County, New Mexico

Rio Arriba County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,363. Its county seat is Tierra Amarilla. Its northern border is the Colorado state line.

Bernalillo, New Mexico

Bernalillo is a town in Sandoval County, New Mexico, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 8,977. It is the county seat of Sandoval County.

Sandoval County, New Mexico

Sandoval County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 148,834, making it the fourth-most populous county in New Mexico. The county seat is Bernalillo.

Aztec, New Mexico

Aztec () is a city and county seat of San Juan County, New Mexico, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 6,201. The Aztec Ruins National Monument is located on the north side of the city.

San Juan County, New Mexico

San Juan County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 121,661, making it the fifth-most populous county in New Mexico. Its county seat is Aztec. The county was created in 1887.

Truth or Consequences, New Mexico

Truth or Consequences (T or C) is a city in and the county seat of Sierra County, New Mexico, United States. In 2020, the population was 6,052.

Sierra County, New Mexico

Sierra County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,576. Its county seat is Truth or Consequences.

Spaceport America - the spaceport of Virgin Galactic - is located in Sierra County, 45 miles (72 kilometers) north of Las Cruces and 30 miles (48 kilometers) east of Truth or Consequences. Sierra County voters approved the creation of a spaceport tax district in April 2008, freeing up funding for its construction. The first launch from Spaceport America happened in 2006; There have been over 300 launches. On May 22, 2021, Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity launched from the spaceport with three people aboard becoming the first crewed launch from both Spaceport America and New Mexico; New Mexico became the third U.S. state, after California and Florida, to send humans into space.

Taos, New Mexico

Taos is a town in Taos County in the north-central region of New Mexico in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. It was founded by Nuevo México Governor Fernando Chacón in 1795. As of the 2020 census, its population was 6,474.

Taos is the county seat of Taos County.

Taos County, New Mexico

Taos County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 34,489. Its county seat is Taos.

Estancia, New Mexico

Estancia is a town in Torrance County, New Mexico, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 1,242. It is the county seat of Torrance County.

Torrance County, New Mexico

Torrance County is a county located in the center of the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,045. The county seat is Estancia.

Clayton, New Mexico

Clayton is a town and county seat of Union County, New Mexico, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 2,643.

Union County, New Mexico

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2010 census, the population was 4,079, making it the fourth-least populous county in New Mexico. Its county seat is Clayton. The county was formed in 1894.

White Rock, New Mexico

White Rock is a place in Los Alamos County, New Mexico, United States. It is one of two population centers in the county known as census-designated places (CDPs); the other is Los Alamos (the county seat). The population was 5,852 at the 2020 census. 

Teruyuki Okazaki

Teruyuki Okazaki (岡崎 照幸, June 22, 1931 – April 21, 2020) was a tenth degree black belt in Shotokan Karate. He was the founder and chief instructor of the International Shotokan Karate Federation (ISKF). Along with Gichin Funakoshi and Masatoshi Nakayama, Okazaki helped found the Japan Karate Association's instructor training program. He was born in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.

Okazaki died on April 21, 2020 of COVID-19 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the age of 88.

Masatoshi Nakayama

Japanese master of Shotokan karate. He helped create the Japan Karate Association (JKA) in 1949, and wrote many textbooks on karate.

For almost 40 years, until his death in 1987, Nakayama worked to spread Shotokan karate around the world. He was the first master in Shotokan history to attain the rank of 9th "dan" while alive.

Nakayama died on April 15, 1987 in Tokyo, aged 74.

Murphy's Romance

Murphy's Romance is a 1985 American romantic comedy movie directed by Martin Ritt and is based on the 1980 novella by Max Schott. It stars James Garner, Sally Field, Corey Haim, Brian Kerwin, Carole King, Anna Levine. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for two Oscars.


Central nervous system disease

Central nervous system diseases, also known as central nervous system disorders, are a group of neurological disorders that affect the structure or function of the brain or spinal cord. They form the central nervous system (CNS).

The Fan (1981 movie)

The Fan is a 1981 American slasher fan directed by Edward Bianchi and based on the novel of the same name by Bob Randall. It stars Lauren Bacall, James Garner, Maureen Stapleton, Michael Biehn, Hector Elizondo, Griffin Dunne, Dana Delany and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Legislative Yuan

The Legislative Yuan is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of China now based in Taiwan. It is one of the five branches () of government. The parliament of the republic includes all three of the National Assembly (now abolished), the Legislative Yuan, and the Control Yuan.

Legislators are elected to office through the following ways:


Liu Ping-wei

Liu Ping-wei (; 30 November 1952 – 21 April 2020) was a Taiwanese politician. He was first elected to the Taiwan Provincial Assembly in 1981 until 1998. Liu was speaker of the provincial assembly between 1994 and 1998. For a single term, he was a member of the Legislative Yuan from 1999 to 2002. Liu was born in Banqiao, Taipei County.

Liu died of oral cancer in Banqiao on 21 April 2020, aged 67.

Jacques Rosny

Jacques Rosny (25 March 1939 – 18 April 2020) was a French actor and comedian. He was born in Tarbes, France. In 1973, he bought Théâtre de l'Athénée. His best known roles were in "The Tenant", "Catherine & Co." and "L.627". In 1985, he won the Prix du Brigadier.

Rosny died on 18 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Nogent-sur-Marne, France, aged 81.

Bill Morris, Baron Morris of Handsworth

William Manuel Morris, Baron Morris of Handsworth, OJ, DL (born 19 October 1938), generally known as Bill Morris, is a former British trade union leader. He was General Secretary of the Transport and General Workers' Union from 1992 to 2003. He was the first black leader of a major British trade union. Morris became a member of the House of Lords in 2006. He is a member of the Labour Party.


The Beyond

The Beyond is a 1981 Italian horror movie directed by Lucio Fulci, and starring Catriona MacColl, David Warbeck, Cinzia Monreale. It is the second of the Fulci's trilogy of "Gates of Hell" trilogy.


Marguerite Higgins

Marguerite Higgins Hall (September 3, 1920January 3, 1966) was an American reporter and war correspondent. She was born in Hong Kong. Higgins reported on events during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. She wanted equal access for female war correspondents. 

She had a long career with the "New York Herald Tribune" (1942–1963), and later became a columnist for "Newsday" (1963–1965). She was the first woman to win a Pulitzer Prize for Foreign Correspondence.

Hall died on January 3, 1966 of leishmaniasis in Washington, D.C. at the age of 45.

Peter Arnett

Peter Gregg Arnett, ONZM (born 13 November 1934) is a New Zealand-born American journalist. He is known for his coverage of the Vietnam War and the Gulf War. He was awarded the 1966 Pulitzer Prize in International Reporting for his work in Vietnam from 1962 to 1965. He worked for the Associated Press.

Kaku Takagawa

, also known as , was one of the greatest professional Go player of the 20th century. He has the honorary Honinbo (本因坊) title.



John Pilger

John Richard Pilger (; 9 October 1939 – 30 December 2023) was an Australian journalist, writer, and documentary filmmaker. 

Pilger was a strong critic of American, Australian, and British foreign policy. He was against imperialist and colonialist agenda. 

He first drew international attention for his reports on the Cambodian genocide.

His career as a documentary film maker began with "The Quiet Mutiny" (1970). Other works include "" (1979), about the aftermath of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia, and "" (1993). 

Pilger worked at the "Daily Mirror" from 1963 to 1986, and wrote a regular column for the "New Statesman" magazine from 1991 to 2014.

Pilger won Britain's Journalist of the Year Award in 1967 and 1979. 

Pilger died in London on 30 December 2023, at the age of 84.

Robert Elegant

Robert Sampson Elegant (born March 7, 1928) is a British-American author and journalist. He was born in New York City. He spent many years in Asia as a journalist. He covered both the Korean and the Vietnam Wars.


Frances FitzGerald

Frances FitzGerald (born October 21, 1940) is an American journalist and historian. She was born in New York City. She is known for her written work "" (1972), which is about the Vietnam War. It won the Pulitzer Prize, Bancroft Prize, and National Book Award.

Michael Herr

Michael David Herr (April 13, 1940 – June 23, 2016) was an American writer and war correspondent. He was known as the author of "Dispatches" (1977). He was a correspondent for "Esquire magazine" (1967–1969) during the Vietnam War. 

Volunteers (1985 movie)

Volunteers is a 1985 American comedy movie directed by Nicholas Meyer and starred Tom Hanks, John Candy, Rita Wilson, Gedde Watanabe, Allan Arbus. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


Delhi, New York

Delhi ( ) is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 4,795 at the 2020 census.

Wharton, Texas

Wharton is a city in and the county seat of Wharton County, Texas, United States. This city is southwest of Houston. The population was 8,627 at the 2020 census. 

Stanley Karnow

Stanley Abram Karnow (February 4, 1925 – January 27, 2013) was an American journalist and historian. He is best known for his writings on the Vietnam War. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. In 1990, he won a Pulitzer Prize.

Karnow died on January 27, 2013 in Potomac, Maryland of congestive heart failure, aged 87.

Neil Sheehan

Cornelius Mahoney "Neil" Sheehan (October 27, 1936 – January 7, 2021) was an American journalist. He worked for "The New York Times" in 1971. Sheehan obtained the classified Pentagon Papers. His series of articles revealed a secret United States Department of Defense history of the Vietnam War and led to a Supreme Court case.

He received a Pulitzer Prize and a National Book Award for his 1988 book "A Bright Shining Lie". He was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts.

Sheehan died at his Washington, D.C. home on January 7, 2021 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 84. 

Hideyuki Fujisawa

, also known as Shuko Fujisawa, was a Japanese professional Go player. He has the honorary kisei (Board Master) title and several students who has become professional players.

He is a younger uncle of Hosai Fujisawa (9-dan professional). He is also the father of Kazunari Fujisawa, an 8-dan Go professional, and the grandfather of Rina Fujisawa, a female Go professional who has won many titles.


Pentagon Papers

The Pentagon Papers, officially titled Report of the Office of the Secretary of Defense Vietnam Task Force, is a United States Department of Defense history of the United States' political and military involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967. 

The papers were released by Daniel Ellsberg, who had worked on the study. They were first brought to the attention of the public on the front page of "The New York Times" in 1971. 

A 1996 article in "The New York Times" said that the "Pentagon Papers" had showed, among other things, that the Johnson Administration "systematically lied, not only to the public but also to Congress."

Don McCullin

Sir Donald McCullin, CBE, Hon FRPS (born 9 October 1935), is a British photojournalist. He is known for his war photography. His career, which began in 1959, has been about examining the underside of society. His photos also covered the Vietnam War-era. 

Richard Butler (diplomat)

Richard William Butler (born 13 May 1942) is a retired Australian public servant. He served as the 25th Governor of Tasmania from 2003 to 2004. He was Australian Ambassador to the United Nations from 1992 to 1997

Butler was born in Coolah, New South Wales. He was married to government official Susan Ryan from 1963 to 1972. The couple have two children.

Co Rentmeester

Jacobus Willem Rentmeester (born 28 February 1936), nicknamed "Co" or "Ko", is a Dutch rower. He later became a photojournalist and covered the Vietnam War among other newsworthy events. He was born in Amsterdam. He competed in the 1960 Olympics.


Wolfen (movie)

Wolfen is a 1981 American crime horror movie directed by Michael Wadleigh and based on the 1978 novel by Whitley Strieber. It stars Albert Finney, Diane Venora, Gregory Hines, Edward James Olmos, Tom Waits, Tom Noonan and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Nick Ut

Huỳnh Công Út, known professionally as Nick Ut (born March 29, 1951) is a Vietnamese-American photographer. He worked for the Associated Press. He won both the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography and the 1973 World Press Photo of the Year for "The Terror of War". The picture showed children running away from a napalm bombing during the Vietnam War. 

His best-known photo, it features a naked 9-year-old girl, Phan Thị Kim Phúc, running toward the camera from a South Vietnamese napalm strike that mistakenly hit Trảng Bàng village instead of nearby North Vietnamese troops. 

On March 29, 2017, he retired from the Associated Press.

Max Hastings

Sir Max Hugh Macdonald Hastings (; born 28 December 1945) is a British journalist. He has worked as a foreign correspondent for the BBC, editor-in-chief of "The Daily Telegraph", and editor of the "Evening Standard". He was born in London.

Bernard Kalb

Bernard Kalb (February 4, 1922 – January 8, 2023) was an American journalist, moderator, media critic, lecturer, and author. He was born in New York City. He covered international affairs for more than thirty years at CBS News, NBC News and "The New York Times". His brother, Marvin Kalb, is also a journalist. 

In 1984, Kalb was appointed Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs and spokesman for the State Department. It was the first time that a journalist who covered the State Department had been named as its spokesperson. he died in Maryland of complications of a fall at age 100

Phase IV

Phase IV is a 1974 British American science fiction horror movie directed by Saul Bass and starred Nigel Davenport, Michael Murphy, Lynne Frederick. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office disappointment.

Julian Pettifer

Julian Pettifer OBE (born 21 July 1935) is a British television journalist. He was born in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. He is known for his coverage during the Vietnam War. He was President of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and is Vice President of the Royal Society of Wildlife Trusts and the RSPB. He was voted BAFTA 'Reporter of the Year' in 1968. He was the host for the British television show "Busman's Holiday" from 1985 to 1988.


Pierre Schoendoerffer

Pierre Schoendoerffer (; 5 May 1928 – 14 March 2012) was a French movie director, screenwriter, war reporter and educator. He was a First Indochina War veteran. He was president of the Académie des Beaux-Arts for 2001 and for 2007. In 1967, he was the winner of the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for "The Anderson Platoon". He was born in Chamalières, France.

Schoendoerffer died on 14 March 2012 in Clamart, France, aged 83.

Mézidon Vallée d'Auge

Mézidon Vallée d'Auge is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Mézidon-Canon (the seat), Les Authieux-Papion, Coupesarte, Crèvecœur-en-Auge, Croissanville, Grandchamp-le-Château, Lécaude, Magny-la-Campagne, Magny-le-Freule, Le Mesnil-Mauger, Monteille, Percy-en-Auge, Saint-Julien-le-Faucon and Vieux-Fumé.

National symbols of Bangladesh

The National symbols of Bangladesh (Bengali:); consisting most of symbols to represent Bangladeshi traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. Bangladesh has several official national symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, memorial towers as well as several national heroes. There are also several additional other patriotic symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree... They are listed here respectively.



Caged Heat

Caged Heat, also known as Renegade Girls, is a 1974 prison action drama movie directed by first time director Jonathan Demme and stars Erica Gavin, Roberta Collins, Barbara Steele.


Aleksandr Kapto

Aleksandr Semenovich Kapto (April 14, 1933 – April 19, 2020) was a Russian-Ukrainian scientist, sociologist, political scientist, journalist and politician. In 2008, he became head of the UNESCO International Board of the Institute of Socio-Political Research under the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS). He was born in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, USSR. 

He was a Soviet Ambassador to Cuba from 1985 to 1990, and the last Soviet and first Russian Ambassador to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.


The Brink's Job

The Brink's Job is a 1978 American crime comedy drama movie directed by William Friedkin and based on the novel "Big Stick-Up at Brinks" by Noel Behn. It stars Peter Falk, Peter Boyle, Allen Garfield, Warren Oates, Gena Rowlands, Paul Sorvino. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for an Oscar in 1979.


Rhett &amp; Link

Rhett & Link are an American comedy duo with Rhett McLaughlin (born October 11, 1977) and Charles Lincoln "Link" Neal (born June 1, 1978). They call themselves "Internetainers" (portmanteau of ""Internet"" and "enter"tainers""). They are known for creating and hosting the YouTube series Good mythical morning.

Their other known projects include comedic songs and sketches, Independent Film Channel series "Rhett & Link: Commercial Kings", and their YouTube Premium series "Rhett and Link's Buddy System (Season 1 and Season 2)."

Rhett was born in Macon, Georgia. Link was born in Boone Trail, North Carolina. They met while in elementary school in North Carolina.

Islam in the United Arab Emirates

Islam is the official religion recognized in all the seven emirates of UAE. Almost all citizens are Muslims. Though the United Arab Emirates have often advocated freedom of religion. 

Today about 80% of the local population of UAE is Muslim. There are about 8% Hindus, 5% Christians and Sikh and Buddhist minorities.

Islam is the religion of all UAE nationals since the Islamic conquest of Arabia in 7th century. The UAE population is mostly Sunni (80% of Muslims). The rest are large Shiite minorities (20% population of the Muslim population). 

Islam has influenced UAE culture it shows in their political system, their sense of dressing, their culture and traditions. Mosques are found across the emirates. You can spot a mosque anywhere from a small street to large street. 

The law in UAE is based on Sharia laws. There are both civil courts as well as Sharia Court. Flogging is the punishment for adultery, alcohol consumption lashes can range from 80 to 200. Stoning is form of capital punishment and is legal in UAE. Kissing is not allowed in public and punishable by law with imprisionment and lashes. Homosexuality is a criminal offence and is punishable by law. Apostasy, disrespecting and insulting Islam is a criminal offence in UAE. According to article 1 and article 33 of UAE penal code it is punishable by death sentence. Pork is considered haram in Islam and is forbidden by Muslims. However non-Musliim can eat it on his own will. Publicly eating and drinking during Ramadan from sunrise to sunset is illegal irrespective of the faith and violators shall face severe punishment. Everyone has right to practice their religion in UAE but they are not allowed to convert Muslim into their faith. However they can convert into Islam on their own will. Israeli citizens and Israeli visa holders are not allowed in UAE. This is due to the tensions between Israel and Arab World.

Balleroy-sur-Drôme

Balleroy-sur-Drôme is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Balleroy and Vaubadon.

This is a superstub.

Ponts sur Seulles

Ponts sur Seulles is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Lantheuil (the seat), Amblie and Tierceville.

Rock County, Wisconsin

Rock County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 163,687. Its county seat is Janesville.

Formigny La Bataille

Formigny La Bataille is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Formigny (the seat), Aignerville, Écrammeville and Louvières.

Murphy's War

Murphy's War is a 1971 World War II drama movie. It was directed by Peter Yates. It was and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Max Catto. It stars Peter O'Toole, Siân Phillips, Philippe Noiret, Horst Janson, John Hallam and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Llandudno Junction

Llandudno Junction (Welsh: Cyffordd Llandudno), once known as Tremarl, is a town in the Conwy County Borough, Wales. It is part of the ancient parish of Llangystennin and is located south of the seaside resort of Llandudno. It adjoins the small town of Deganwy and is to the east of Conwy, which is on the opposite side of the River Conwy.

The town grew up around, and is named after, Llandudno Junction railway station, which is a junction between the North Wales Coast Line and the Conwy Valley line. There are regular direct trains to Manchester, Llandudno, Holyhead, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Birmingham and South Wales, as well as a few trains a day to London. 

The Old Station Hotel stands opposite the station. It is known locally as ""The Killer"" or in Welsh ""Y Killer"". One version of the myth on how it got its name is that train drivers would get drunk there, then drive trains, effectively turning them into possible 'Killers'. Another version states that this is where the railway workers would spend their lunch breaks, i.e. 'killed time'.

It currently has a population of 6,722.

The Hot Rock (movie)

The Hot Rock is a 1972 American crime comedy caper movie directed by Peter Yates from the screenplay by William Goldman and based on the novel of the same name by Donald E. Westlake. It stars Robert Redford, George Segal, Ron Leibman, Paul Sand, Moses Gunn, Zero Mostel, Christopher Guest and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Vire-Normandie

Vire-Normandie is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Vire (the seat), Coulonces, Maisoncelles-la-Jourdan, Roullours, Saint-Germain-de-Tallevende-la-Lande-Vaumont, Truttemer-le-Grand, Truttemer-le-Petit and Vaudry.

The Friends of Eddie Coyle

The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a 1973 American crime drama movie directed by Peter Yates and based on the 1970 novel of the same name by George V. Higgins. It stars Robert Mitchum, Peter Boyle, Steven Keats, Alex Rocco and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


White-breasted waterhen

The white-breasted waterhen ("Amaurornis phoenicurus") is a waterbird of the rail and crake family, Rallidae, that is widely distributed across South and Southeast Asia.

Moult-Chicheboville

Moult-Chicheboville is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Moult (the seat) and Chicheboville.

Condé-en-Normandie

Condé-en-Normandie is a commune. It is in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Condé-sur-Noireau (the seat), La Chapelle-Engerbold, Lénault, Proussy, Saint-Germain-du-Crioult and Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille.

Jimmy Goodfellow

James Goodfellow (16 September 1943 – 22 April 2020) was an English professional footballer and manager. He played as a midfielder.

Goodfellow was born in Bishop Auckland. In the Football League, he played for Port Vale, Workington, Rotherham United and Stockport County. He scored 33 goals in 479 league games in a 13-year career in the Football League. He later managed Cardiff City in 1984.

Goodfellow died in Newport, Wales, on 22 April 2020. He was 76.




Valdallière

Valdallière is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the 14 former communes of Vassy (the seat), Bernières-le-Patry, Burcy, Chênedollé, Le Désert, Estry, Montchamp, Pierres, Presles, La Rocque, Rully, Saint-Charles-de-Percy, Le Theil-Bocage and Viessoix.

Höfner 500/1

The Höfner 500/1 Violin Bass (also called the "Beatle bass" or "Cavern bass") is an electric bass guitar made by Höfner since 1955. It became very popular in the 1960s when Paul McCartney of The Beatles started using it.

In 1955, Walter Höfner made a semi-acoustic electric bass, that was made to be light. It was also made to sound like a double bass. It was first shown at the Frankfurt Music Fair in 1956. Paul McCartney bought a Höfner 500/1 in 1961 while in Hamburg. It would become his main bass for the rest of his career. McCartney using the bass made it very popular and Höfner still make the bass because of this.

Isokyrö

Isokyrö is a municipality in Ostrobothnia, Finland.

It has a population of 4,576 (31 January 2019). A majority of people speak Finnish there.

Adon, Loiret

Adon is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Wihr-au-Val

Wihr-au-Val is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wildenstein

Wildenstein is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Willer

Willer is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Willer-sur-Thur

Willer-sur-Thur is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wittersdorf

Wittersdorf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wolfersdorf, Haut-Rhin

Wolfersdorf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wolfgantzen

Wolfgantzen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France. In 2016, it has a population of 1,051.

Wolschwiller

Wolschwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Wuenheim

Wuenheim (; ) is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Zaessingue

Zaessingue is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Zellenberg

Zellenberg is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Marcos Mundstock

Marcos Mundstock (25 May 1942 – 22 April 2020) was an Argentine musician, writer and comedian. He is best known as a founding member of comedy musical group Les Luthiers. He was born in Santa Fe, Argentina. He became a Spanish citizen in 2012.

Mundstock died of brain cancer on 22 April 2020 in Buenos Aires. He was 77.

Zillisheim

Zillisheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson

Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson (; born 26 November 1988) is an Icelandic professional strongman and actor. In 2018, he became the first person to have won the Arnold Strongman Classic, Europe's Strongest Man and World's Strongest Man. He also played Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane in the HBO series "Game of Thrones" for five seasons.

Hafþór was born in Reykjavík. In March 2017, he was diagnosed with Bell's palsy. He is married to Canadian Kelsey Henson. The couple have one child.


Aillant-sur-Milleron

Aillant-sur-Milleron is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Montargis

Montargis is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Bray-Saint Aignan

Bray-Saint Aignan is a French commune. It is in the department of Loiret. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Bray-en-Val (the seat) and Saint-Aignan-des-Gués.

Bray-en-Val

Bray-en-Val is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Bray-Saint Aignan.

Saint-Aignan-des-Gués

Saint-Aignan-des-Gués is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Bray-Saint Aignan.

Coudray, Loiret

Coudray is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Catherine Paysan

Annie Hausen (4 August 1926 – 22 April 2020), known by her pen name Catherine Paysan, was a French writer. She won the Grand prix de littérature de la SGDL for her lifetime’s writing. Paysan wrote novels, poems, screenplays and plays. Paysan was born in Aulaines, France. 

She published several novels, five autobiographical works, two collections of poetry and two plays. She also adapted several of her works for movies. In 1977, she received the Grand prix de littérature de la SGDL for the whole of her work.

Paysan was named an Officier in the French Legion of Honour in 2011.

Paysan died on 22 April 2020 in Le Mans, France at the age of 93.

Le Malesherbois

Le Malesherbois is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Malesherbes (the seat), Coudray, Labrosse, Mainvilliers, Manchecourt, Nangeville and Orveau-Bellesauve.

Malesherbes, Loiret

Malesherbes is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The capitals are Bydgoszcz and Toruń.

The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is divided into 23 counties (powiats): 4 city counties and 19 land counties. These are further divided into 144 gminas.

Lublin Voivodeship

Lublin Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the southeast Poland and in west Lesser Poland. The capital city is also named Lublin.

It was created on January 1, 1999. Polesie National Park and Roztocze National Park are both in the voivodeship.

Łódź Voivodeship

Łódź Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The capital city is also named Łódź.

Protected areas in Łódź Voivodeship include seven Landscape Parks, as listed below.

Joule per mole

The joule per mole (symbol: J·mole or J/mol) is an SI derived unit of energy per amount of material. Energy is measured in joules, and the amount of material is measured in moles. In other words, joule per mole is a unit for how much energy is in a certain amount of matter.

Avogadro's law

Avogadro's law is a gas law in chemistry that states "equal volumes of all gases, at the same temperature and pressure, have the same number of molecules". This means that if two gases have the same volume and pressure, and temperature, they will have the same number of molecules. 

Goessel, Kansas

Goessel is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 556. It is located about 11 miles north of North Newton.

North Newton, Kansas

North Newton is a city in Harvey County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,814. The city of Newton is located south.

Conwy

Conwy, traditionally known in English as Conway, is a walled coastal market town in Conwy County Borough, North Wales. It faces the smaller town of Deganwy across the River Conwy. Historically, it was located in Gwynedd and before that, Caernarfonshire.

The town's name originates from the old Welsh words ""cyn"" (chief) and ""gwy"" (water). The river of the same name was also originally called the Cynwy.

The community, which also includes the smaller towns of Llandudno Junction and Deganwy, has a population of 14,723. The town itself has a population of 4,065.

The town is a popular tourist destination and is famous for its castle, built between 1283 and 1289, beach and town walls.

Van Tuong Nguyen

Van Tuong Nguyen (; 17 August 1980 – 2 December 2005) was an Australian man convicted of drug trafficking. In 2002, he was arrested in Singapore during an international flight stopover from Phnom Penh to Melbourne. He admitted to bringing 396.2 grams of heroin into the country. He was sentenced to death in 2004. Singapore rejected pleas for clemency from the Australian government, Amnesty International, the Holy See and others. 

On 2 December 2005, Nguyen was executed by hanging at Changi Prison in Changi, Singapore. He was 25.

Nguyen was born at a refugee camp in Songkhla, Thailand. His parents were Vietnamese. He had a twin brother, Khoa Nguyen.

Rubem Fonseca

Rubem Fonseca (May 11, 1925 – April 15, 2020) was a Brazilian writer and translator. He was born in Juiz de Fora, in the state of Minas Gerais. His stories were known as dark and gritty, filled with violence and sexual content. He started his career by writing short stories. His first popular novel was "A Grande Arte" (High Art), but "Agosto" is usually considered his best work.

Fonseca died of a heart attack on April 15, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 94.

Richard Akinjide

Chief Osuolale Abimbola Richard Akinjide, SAN (4 November 1930 – 21 April 2020) was a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He was born in Ibadan, Western Region. He worked under Prime Minister Tafawa Balewa and President Shehu Shagari. From 1979 to 1983, Akinjide was Minister of Justice.

Akinjide died on 21 April 2020 in Ibadan, aged 89.

Yakubu Gowon

General Yakubu "Jack" Gowon (born 19 October 1934) is a Nigerian politician and general. He was the head of state of Nigeria from 1966 to 1975. He ruled during the deadly Nigerian Civil War. He took power after the 1966 Nigerian counter-coup and was overthrown in the 1975 Nigerian coup d'état.

Ernest Shonekan

Oloye Ernest Adegunle Oladeinde Shonekan (9 May 1936 – 11 January 2022) was a Nigerian politician, lawyer and businessman. He was appointed the interim President of Nigeria by General Ibrahim Babangida on 26 August 1993. Babangida resigned after the 1993 election was annulled.

Shonekan died on 11 January 2022 in Lekki, Nigeria at the age of 85.

Ibrahim Babangida

General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida (born 17 August 1941) popularly known as IBB, is a Nigerian politician and military general. He was military President of Nigeria from 1985 until his resignation in 1993. He also was the Chief of Army Staff from January 1984 to August 1985. 

Lubusz Voivodeship

Lubusz Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in western Poland. The functions of regional capital are shared between two cities: Gorzów Wielkopolski and Zielona Góra.

It was created on January 1, 1999, out of the former Gorzów Wielkopolski and Zielona Góra Voivodeship.

Lubusz Voivodeship is divided into 14 counties (powiats): 2 city counties and 12 land counties. These are further divided into 83 gminas.

Deganwy

Deganwy, or Degannwy in Middle Welsh, is a small town and electoral ward on the Creuddyn Peninsula in Conwy County Borough, Wales.

It is a relatively small town most notable for Deganwy Castle, situated 110 m above the town. In the 6th century, it was fortified as the stronghold of Maelgwn Gwynedd, king of Gwynedd.

Nowadays, it is located in Conwy County Borough but historically it was located in Caernarfonshire.

The town currently has a population of 3,936.

The town has a railway station on the Llandudno Branch Line and the Conwy Valley line. Transport for Wales provide direct trains to Llandudno, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Chester, Manchester and Crewe.

Mike Curtis

James Michael Curtis (March 27, 1943 – April 20, 2020) was an American professional football player for the Baltimore Colts, the Seattle Seahawks and the Washington Redskins. He played 14 seasons from 1965 to 1978 in the National Football League (NFL). He was a four-time Pro Bowler in 1968, 1970, 1971 and 1974. Curtis was born in Rockville, Maryland.

Curtis died on April 20, 2020 in St. Petersburg, Florida, aged 77.

Podlaskie Voivodeship

Podlaskie Voivodeship is a Voivodeship (province) of Poland. The capital and largest city is Białystok. The province was created on 1 January 1999.

Białowieża Forest and Knyszyń Forest are in Podlaskie.

Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pomeranian Voivodeship is a voivodeship, or province, in northwestern Poland. The provincial capital is Gdańsk.

The voivodeship was made on January 1, 1999, out of the former voivodeships of Gdańsk, Elbląg and Słupsk.

There are two national parks in Pomerania: Słowiński National Park and Tuchola Forest National Park.

Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Podkarpackie Voivodeship is a voivodeship, or province, in Poland. It is also known as Subcarpathian Voivodeship. Its administrative capital and largest city is Rzeszów. 

Podkarpackie was created on 1 January 1999. Bieszczady National Park, and part of Magura National Park, are in the voivodeship.

Fender Precision Bass

The Fender Precision Bass (sometimes shortened to P-Bass) is an electric bass guitar that has been made by Fender since 1951. It was the first popular electric bass guitar to be made and has four strings with one split-coil humbucking pickup. It was also the first bass guitar to have a solid body.

Acoustic, fretted plucked string instruments have been around for a very long time. One example is the bass lute, which has been around since the 17th century. The berda, which is a Slavic folk instrument, has also been around for hundreds of years. In the 19th century, some bass instruments made like a guitar were created. Gibson made an acoustic "mando bass", which was made like a mandolin.

Many inventors tried to make electric bass guitars because most bassists were using the double bass, which was very big, heavy, and too quiet. Before the Precision Bass was made, many inventors used the double bass and tried to make it electric. Lloyd Loar was one of the first to try to make them louder. He put a pickup on double bass in order to play it through an amplifier. He did this between 1919 and 1924.

In the 1930s, Rickenbacker made an electric double bass. Then American Paul Tutmarc made the first electric bass that could be played like a guitar, called the "Audiovox 736 Bass". This bass also had frets. Even though these were the first of this kind, they never sold very well.

Leo Fender, the founder of Fender, had the idea in the 1940s to build a solid-body bass guitar. He wanted it to be easier to play than a double bass. He also wanted it to be smaller so it was easy to move. He got this idea when talking to guitarists who didn't have jobs. They said that they could have gotten jobs being bassists, but found the double bass too hard to play.

The idea of an electric, solid-body bass was new, so Fender had to make it themselves. They spoke to many bassists and guitarists to work out what design would be best. Fender had made the Telecaster guitar before and so used his designs from it to help him make the Precision. The bass was tuned the same as a double bass, EADG, with four strings. The body was a lot like the telecaster, but the top stuck out more towards the headstock so the neck wasn't too heavy to hold when playing the bass with a strap standing.

Fender Jazz Bass

The Fender Jazz Bass (sometimes known as a J-Bass) is an electric bass that has been made by Fender since 1960. It was the second bass to be made by Fender, after the Fender Precision Bass. The original version has four strings and two single-coil pickups.

Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship

Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in Poland. Its capital and largest city is Olsztyn. 

It was created on January 1, 1999.

Protected areas in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship include 8 Landscape Parks, as listed below:

The Łuknajno Lake nature reserve is a protected wetland site under the Ramsar convention. It is also a UNESCO biosphere reserve.

West Pomeranian Voivodeship

West Pomeranian Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in northwestern Poland. Its capital and largest city is Szczecin.

It was created on January 1, 1999.

West Pomeranian Voivodeship is along the Baltic Sea coast, with many beaches, lakes and woodlands. Szczecin, Świnoujście and Police are important ports. Other major seaside towns include Międzyzdroje, Dziwnów, Kołobrzeg, and Mielno.

Protected areas in West Pomeranian Voivodeship include two National Parks and seven Landscape Parks. These are listed below.

Cabo Delgado Province

Cabo Delgado is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Pemba.

Cabo Delgado Province is divided into the 16 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Gaza Province

Gaza is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Xai-Xai. The province was created on October 20, 1954.

Most of the district is in the basin of the Limpopo River. It empties into the Indian Ocean near Xai-Xai. The Changane River forms part of the province's eastern border. The Save River forms the northern border.

Limpopo National Park and Banhine National Park are in the province.

Gaza Province is divided into the 11 districts of:

and the municipalities of:


Amilly, Loiret

Amilly is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Groesbeck, Texas

Groesbeck is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Butte, Nebraska

Butte is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Boyd County.

Labrosse, Loiret

Labrosse is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Le Moulinet-sur-Solin

Le Moulinet-sur-Solin is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

George Ezra

George Ezra Barnett (born 7 June 1993), known professionally as George Ezra, is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist from Hertford, Hertfordshire.

He rose to fame with his 2014 single "Budapest" which reached number one in several countries.

In February 2019, he won the Brit Award for British Male Solo Artist.

He released his first EP, ""Did You Hear The Rain?"", in November 2013 and his second EP ""Cassy O'"" in March 2014. His first studio album, ""Wanted on Voyage"", was released in June 2014, reaching number one in the UK and the top ten in seven other countries. The album was also the third best-selling album of 2014 in the UK.

His second studio album, ""Staying at Tamara's"", was released in March 2018, also reached number one in the UK and the top ten in eight other countries. The second single from the album, ""Paradise"", reached number two in the UK charts and his next single, ""Shotgun"", reached number one. Shotgun became his first chart-topping single in the UK, Ireland, and Australia.

Inhambane Province

Inhambane is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Inhambane.

The region was visited by Vasco da Gama in 1498. He claimed Inhambane Bay for Portugal. The Portuguese created a trading post at Inhambane in 1534.

The province has two of Mozambique's national parks: Zinave National Park in the northwest and Bazaruto National Park on the Bazaruto Archipelago. There is also Pomene National Reserve.

As of 2017, approximately 113,288 people live there. 

Imhambane Province is divided into the 12 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Wewelsfleth

Wewelsfleth is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Andonville

Andonville is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Wahkiakum County, Washington

Wahkiakum County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Cathlamet. At the 2020 census, 4,422 people lived there.

Lewis County, Washington

Lewis County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Chehalis. At the 2020 census, 82,149 people lived there.

Ardon, Loiret

Ardon is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Michael Müller

Michael Müller (born December 9, 1964 in West Berlin) is a German politician (SPD). In 2014, he became mayor of Berlin. From November 2017 to October 2018 he was President of the Federal Council, from November 2018 to October 2019 First Administration.

Porthmadog

Porthmadog (; ) is a coastal town and community in Gwynedd, Wales.

The 2011 census revealed that the town has a population of 4,185.

Until 1974, it was also known by its anglicised name of Portmadoc and was known locally as Port. The town came into existence after William Madocks built a sea wall, the "Cob", between 1808 and 1811.

Potsdamer Platz

Potsdamer Platz is a public square in Berlin's Mitte and Tiergarten districts in the Mitte district between the old city center in the east and the new Berlin west. As a double-site facility, it connects to Leipziger Platz to the west.

Steinway D-274

D-274 (or D) is the model name of the largest concert grand from Steinway & Sons. It was first built in its current version in 1884. This instrument is the first choice of most concert pianists and dominates both concert halls and recordings. A company author estimated that more than 90% of the concert grand worldwide are Steinway D-274.

With the dimensions 274 cm length, 157 cm width and a weight of 500 kg (status: 2020) the concert grand of the D category is too large for most private environments.

Jadranka Đokić

Jadranka Đokić (born 14 January 1981) is a Croatian actress. For her roles in theatre, television and film, she is considered one of the greatest Croatian actresses of her generation.

Paradise (George Ezra song)

"Paradise" is a song by English singer-songwriter George Ezra. It is the second single from his 2018 studio album ""Staying at Tamara's"".

The song was written by Ezra himself and was produced by Cam Blackwood. It was officially released digitally on 19 January 2018. A music video was released a week later, on 24 January. Ezra performed the track live for the first time on British TV show "The Graham Norton Show" on 2 February 2018.

The song reached the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Ireland, and the United Kingdom, and also peaked at number one in Scotland.

Ezra has said the song was aiming to capture "a feeling that takes over when you've fallen in love", and was dedicated to his girlfriend and the early days of their relationship.

Paradise Alley

Paradise Alley is a 1978 American sports drama movie directed and written by first time director Sylvester Stallone (who also starred) about professional wrestling. It also stars Armand Assante, Anne Archer, Kevin Conway, Joe Spinell, Tom Waits, Frank Stallone and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Tom Grennan

Tom Bevin Grennan (born 8 June 1995) is an English musician from Bedford, Bedfordshire who is currently based in London.

Grennan first found fame as a featured vocalist on Chase & Status' single ""All Goes Wrong"". The song was the "Hottest Record" on DJ Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show, giving Grennan a chance to experience the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge.

Grennan is of partly Irish origin. He is a big fan of football and is a big supporter of Manchester United. At the age of 18, Grennan was mugged by a group of strangers on the street and was left with four metal plates and screws in his jaw that he has stated "still hurt when winter comes".

Lugu Lake

Lugu Lake () is a lake in the Yunnan plateau in China. The lake is part of the border between Ninglang County, Yunnan and Yanyuan County, Sichuan. It is an alpine lake. Because it is at an elevation of , it is the highest lake in all of Yunnan. The lake is surrounded by mountains. It has five islands, four peninsulas, fourteen bays, and seventeen beaches.

Crazy Mama

Crazy Mama is a 1975 American action comedy movie directed by Jonathan Demme and stars Cloris Leachman, Stuart Whitman, Linda Purl, Ann Sothern, Bill Paxton, Dennis Quaid, Sally Kirkland, John Milius. It was distributed by New World Pictures.


The 1975

The 1975 are an English pop rock band from the town of Wilmslow, Cheshire who are currently based in Manchester.

The band currently consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Matthew Healy, lead guitarist Adam Hann, bassist Ross MacDonald, and drummer George Daniel. Healy is the son of actors Denise Welch and Tim Healy.

The band members all met while attending Wilmslow High School and played together as teenagers. Organised gigs by a council worker led to the band formally signing with Dirty Hit and Polydor Records.

As of May 2019, they had won 10 awards from 40 nominations.


Gordon's War

Gordon's War is a 1973 action movie directed by Ossie Davis. It stars Paul Winfield, David Downing, Gilbert Lewis, Ralph Wilcox, Nathan Heard, Grace Jones and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Wilmslow

Wilmslow is a small town and civil parish in the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It falls within the Cheshire Golden Triangle and is one of the most sought-after places to live in the UK after Central London.

The 2011 census revealed that the population of Wilmslow was 24,497.

The name ""Wilmslow"" derives from the Anglo-Saxon ""Wīghelmes hlāw"" meaning ""mound of a man called Wīghelm"".

The town has a railway station on the Crewe–Manchester line. The station has direct trains to Manchester Airport, Manchester itself, London, Liverpool, Crewe, Shrewsbury and South Wales.

Mathematician, computer scientist and logician Alan Turing died in the town. However, the actual reason for his death, which is said to be suicide, is still disputed.

Sorcerer (movie)

Sorcerer is a 1977 American adventure thriller movie directed by William Friedkin and based on the Georges Arnaud's 1950 novel "Le Salaire de la peur" and remake of the 1953 movie "The Wages of Fear". It stars Roy Scheider, Bruno Cremer, Francisco Rabal, Amidou, Ramon Bieri and distributed by Paramount Pictures and Universal Pictures. It was a commercial failure and being released around the same time as ".


Masao Sugiuchi

His wife is Kazuko Sugiuchi, a professional player who won several female titles. His sisters in law (Sachiko Honda and Teruko Kusunoki) are also professional players.


Two Door Cinema Club

Two Door Cinema Club are a Northern Irish pop-rock band from Bangor, County Down.

The band formed in 2007 and consists of three main members; Alex Trimble, Kevin Baird and Sam Halliday. Trimble and Halliday met while attending Bangor Grammar School. The two later met Kevin Baird while he was flirting with girls who Trimble and Halliday knew. The three first performed as a band at the age of 16 on Northern Irish television programme "ATL Rock School" under the name "Life Without Rory". However, the band finished in last place.

On 18 January 2011, the band appeared on the American late night talk show, "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", performing the song, ""What You Know"". The song would go on to become the biggest hit of the 2010 album ""Tourist History"".


Manica Province

Manica is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is Chimoio.

The Save River creates the southern border. There is also the Zambezi river in the northeast. The highest mountain in Mozambique, Mount Binga (2436 m), is in this province near the border with Zimbabwe.

Manica Province is divided into 12 districts:

Maputo Province

Maputo is a province of Mozambique. Its capital is the city of Matola. The province does not include the national capital of Maputo.

The Maputo Bay area to the southeast of Maputo is an important conservation area with many reefs and lakes. Of particular note is the Maputo Elephant Game Reserve, which has lakes such as Lagoa Chingute and Lagoa Piti. There is also the Machangulo Private Nature Reserve in the Machangulo Peninsula. The largest river of the province is the Maputo River. Inhaca Island is part of the province.

Maputo Province is divided into the 7 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Nampula Province

Nampula is a province in northern Mozambique. The capital city is also named Nampula.

The island Ilha de Moçambique, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is part of the province.

The Lúrio River forms the northern border. Mountains in the province include Mount Inago (1804 m), Mount Ribaue, Mount Panda and Mount Nairucu.

Nampula Province is divided into the 18 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Luke Steele (musician)

Luke James Steele (born 13 December 1979) is an Australian musician, singer and songwriter. He is best known as one half of the electronic music duo Empire of the Sun. He is also the vocalist and main songwriter of the alternative rock band The Sleepy Jackson. He was born in Perth, Western Australia. His sister, Katy Steele, is also a musician.

Nick Littlemore

Nicholas George Littlemore (born 6 May 1978) is an Australian musician and record producer. He is known as a member of the musical trio Pnau (with Peter Mayes and Sam Littlemore) and duo Empire of the Sun (with Luke Steele). He was also a member of the band Teenager with New Zealand-born Pip Brown. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

The Holy Mountain

The Holy Mountain () is a 1973 Mexican fantasy drama movie directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky (who also stars and produces). It also stars Juan Ferrara, Horacio Salinas, and Ramona Saunders.

El Topo

El Topo is a 1970 Mexican western movie directed, produced and starring Alejandro Jodorowsky, Brontis Jodorowsky, Alfonso Arau, Agustín Isunza.


In 2016, a sequel of the movie was released as a comic book under the name "Sons of El Topo".


The Owl and the Pussycat

The Owl and the Pussycat is a 1970 American romantic comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross, based on the play of the same name by and written by Buck Henry. It stars Barbra Streisand, George Segal, Robert Klein, Marilyn Chambers, Roz Kelly, Allen Garfield and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Koos van den Berg

Jacobus Teunis "Koos" van den Berg (18 September 1942 – 21 April 2020) was a Dutch politician. He was born in The Hague. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He served as a member of the House of Representatives from 1986 to 2002.

On 21 April 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, van den Berg died due to the disease. He was 77.

Niassa Province

Niassa is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is Lichinga.

The Ruvuma River forms much of the northern boundary of the province with Tanzania. Lake Niassa forms the western border of the province, separating it from Malawi. The province shares the Niassa National Reserve with neighboring Cabo Delgado Province.

Niassa Province is divided into the 15 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Masao Kato

Masao Kato (加藤 正夫, "Katō Masao", March 15, 1947 – December 30, 2004), also known as Kato Kensei (加藤剱正 "Katō Kensei"), was a Japanese professional go player at Nihon Ki-in and former president of the International Go Federation. He won 46 titles, including the Oza (王座, King) eight times in a row. He also became the 2nd player to reach 1,200 career wins.



Sofala Province

Sofala is a province of Mozambique. Beira is the capital of the province.

Rivers flowing through the province include the Chiveve River, the Buzi River, the Save River. Gorongosa National Park, at the southern end of the Great African Rift Valley, covers several thousand square kilometres. The park has the Mount Gorongosa, a mountain which is considered sacred to the people of the country.

Sofala Province is divided into the 12 districts of:

Magic (1978 movie)

Magic is a 1978 American psychological horror drama movie directed by Richard Attenborough and based on the 1976 novel of the same name by William Goldham. It stars Anthony Hopkins, Ann-Margaret, Burgess Meredith, Ed Lauter, David Ogden Stiers and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Tete Province

Tete is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is also named Tete.

The Cahora Bassa Dam is in this province.

Districts of Tete Province are:

Zambezia Province

Zambezia is a province in Mozambique. The capital city is Quelimane.

Bons Sinais River is in the province.

Zambezia Province is divided into the 16 districts of:

In addition, there is one municipality - the city of
Quelimane - with an area of 117 km² and 192,876 people

Thanksgiving of Horror

"Thanksgiving of Horror" is the 8th episode of the 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on the Fox network on November 24, 2019. The episode is a Thanksgiving themed spin-off of the Treehouse of Horror series. This is the last episode to have Russi Taylor because she died on July 26, 2019. She was a voice actor for characters like Martin Prince, Sherri and Terri, and Üter Zörker.

Marge gets on a stage and talks about how scary the Thanksgiving holiday is. She then introduces the three segments. 

This part of the episode is a parody of "Apocalypto". The Simpson family and other characters are shown as turkeys and some are shown as Pilgrims. The Pilgrims capture Homer and many other turkeys. Bart gets away from the Pilgrims. Most of the turkeys are killed, but people start to panic when Grandpa runs around without his head. During the confusion, Bart saves Homer and they get back to their family. Marge lays an egg, but they are found by Chief Wiggum, a Pilgrim. A bear kills Wiggum and the egg hatches to show Maggie. The family finds some Pilgrims eating a turkey dinner. Homer says that times will be dark for them as Thanksgiving becomes a new human tradition.

This part of the episode is a parody of the "Black Mirror" special "White Christmas". Homer wants to help Marge with Thanksgiving cooking for dinner, so Homer orders an A.I. with Marge's memories. Marge gets jealous when the A.I. can run the family better than her, so she wants to get rid of the A.I. after Thanksgiving. The A.I. cooks a big meal for dinner, which Marge says she cooked it, and tries to escape to the internet. Marge almost stops her, but the A.I. uses Maggie to help her. The A.I. tells the guests at the dinner party that she cooked the dinner, which makes everyone disappointed and leave the dinner party. Homer tries to make Marge feel better, but he accidentally shows himself as a robot. The A.I. is free and visits places around the internet, starting with Etsy.

This part of the episode is a parody of the movies "Alien" and "Life". The kids are on a spaceship, years after the Earth was destroyed. They become awake from hibernation to work before they land on another planet. Bart and Milhouse want to create a Thanksgiving dinner, but they only find a can of cranberry sauce. Bart puts the can in a cloning machine. The cranberry sauce turns alive and starts eating bones. Soon, every kid in the spaceship is dead, except for Bart, Lisa, Milhouse, and Martin. Martin traps them in a room and gets killed by the monster. Milhouse tries to make the monster calm down, but it throws him around. Bart and Lisa trick the monster into letting go of Milhouse and putting it in a large can. They then release the can into space, where it lands on the new planet. Aliens from the planet turn the monster into food, where the Simpson family and the aliens celebrate the First Thanksgiving.

The end credits show a Bart Simpson balloon from the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.

Dennis Perkins of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a score of B and says "'Thanksgiving of Horror' represents the show's writers tossing out a 'Why not?' non-canonical scary story do-over. And, oddly enough, I'm fine with it, especially since this second, Thanksgiving-themed horror outing is scarier, meaner, grosser, and all-around better than this year's original." "Den of Geek" gave the episode a 4 out of 5 starts and says "The installment doesn’t quite measure up to the classic "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, the show overall has undergone a loss of edge since becoming more streamlined. But it is a very good entry for the season."

On February 1, 2020, Dan Vebber won the at the 72nd Writers Guild of America Awards for writing the episode.

Damien: Omen II

Damien: Omen II is a 1978 American British supernatural horror movie directed by Don Taylor and is the sequel to 1976 movie "The Omen". It stars William Holden, Lee Grant, Robert Foxworth, Lew Ayers, Sylvia Sidney, Jonathan Scott-Taylor, Nicholas Pryor, Lance Henriksen, Allan Arbus and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

An Unmarried Woman

An Unmarried Woman is a 1978 American comedy drama movie directed and written by Paul Mazursky. It stars Jill Clayburgh, Alan Bates, Michael Murphy, Cliff Gorman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for three Oscars in 1979.

The Fury (1978 movie)

The Fury is a 1978 American supernatural thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and based on the 1976 novel of the same name by John Farris. It stars Kirk Douglas, Amy Irving, John Cassavetes, Carrie Snodgress, Charles Durning, Dennis Franz, Daryl Hannah and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Afar Region

The Afar Regional State is one of the nine regional states of Ethiopia. It is the homeland of the Afar people. The capital city is Semera.

Danakil Depression is in the north of the region. It has the lowest point in Ethiopia and one of the lowest in Africa. The southern part of the region has the valley of the Awash River. Other notable landmarks include the Awash and Yangudi Rassa National Parks.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Afar is divided into 6 administrative zones (and one special woreda).

Amhara Region

Amhara Region is a region of Ethiopia. It is the homeland of the Amhara people. The capital city is Bahir Dar.

Ethiopia's largest inland body of water, Lake Tana, is in Amhara. The region also has the Semien Mountains National Park. The park includes Ras Dashan, the highest point in Ethiopia. 

Like other regions in Ethiopia, Amhara is divided into administrative zones:

MacArthur (movie)

MacArthur is a 1977 World War II biographical drama movie directed by Joseph Sargent with Gregory Peck playing the part of Douglas MacArthur and stars Ed Flanders and Dan O'Herlihy.


Double Negative

Double Negative (also known as Deadly Companion) is a 1980 Canadian thriller movie directed by George Bloomfield and based on the novel by Ross Macdonald. It stars John Candy, Susan Clark, Anthony Perkins, Howard Duff, Al Waxman, Kenneth Welsh, Kate Reid.


Loot (1970 movie)

Loot is a 1970 British crime comedy movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and based on the Joe Orton play of the same name. It stars Richard Attenborough, Lee Remick, Hywel Bennett, Milo O'Shea, Roy Holder, Dick Emery, Aubrey Woods, Harold Innocent and Stephen Yardley.

Illampu

Illampu is a mountain in the Andes range, in Bolivia. It is the 27th highest mountain in the Andes.

Chopicalqui

Chopicalqui is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 28th highest mountain in the Andes. 

Siula Grande

Siula Grande is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 29th highest mountain in the Andes.

Solimana

Solimana is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 32nd highest mountain in the Andes. 

Ampato

Ampato is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 33rd highest mountain in the Andes. 

Endless Love (movie)

Endless Love is a 1981 American romantic drama movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Scott Spencer. It stars Brooke Shields, Martin Hewitt, Shirley Knight, Don Murray, Beatrice Straight, Ian Ziering, James Spader, Penelope Milford, Tom Cruise in his movie debut and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 1 Oscar and 6 Razzies in 1982 and was remake in 2014.


The Phantom of Liberty

The Phantom of Liberty is a 1974 French Italian comedy movie directed by Luis Buñuel. It stars Adriana Asti, Julien Bertheau, Jean-Claude Brialy, Adolfo Celi, Anne-Marie Deschodt, Michael Lonsdale.


Gajiginahal, Siruguppa

Gajiginahal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Siruguppa taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.

Gajiginahal belongs to Boggur Gram Panchayat and lies on the bank of Vedavati (Hagari) river, which is the main source of water for drinking and irrigation facility.

Lord Sri Hagari Basaveswara is the famous and powerful male deity and Goddess Maremma devi is the famous female deity worshipped in the village regularly. During Basaveswara Jayanti (Akshaya Tritiya) celebrating a jatre fair and during karthika masa organised a purana also known as legendary stories about Shivasharanas. 

Gajiginahal local language is Kannada. Its population is 769 as of 2011 population census and number of houses are 151. Female Population is 51.9%. The village literacy rate is 70.4% and the female literacy rate is 32.2%.

Main occupation of the village is Agriculture, having good irrigation facilities from both Vedavathi and tungabhadra river. Paddy is the main and staple food crop growing during monsoon season, and depending on the availability of water during rabi season they grow either paddy or some other crops like sugarcane, diancha (Green manure crop), mustard etc.

Nihon Ki-in

The Nihon Ki-in (日本棋院), also known as the Japan Go Association, is the main (non-profit) organization for Go in Tokyo, Japan. It maintains Japan's professional player system and gives diplomas for amateur rankings.

The Nihon Ki-in organizes many tournaments for professional players. The major title tournaments include the Kisei (棋聖, Board Master), Meijin (名人, Grand Master, hosted with Asahi Shinbun), Honinbo (本因坊), Judan (10-dan), Tengen (天元, Center), Gosei (碁聖, Master of Go), and the Oza (王座, King). There are also separate Honinbo, Meijin, and Kisei titles for women.





Bengal Subah

Bengal Subah, sometimes called Mughal Bengal, was a part of the Mughal Empire between 1500 and 1700. It included places like Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya and Tripura. At one time, this area was one of the wealthiest parts of the world.

Mainvilliers, Loiret

Mainvilliers is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Aure sur Mer

Aure sur Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes (the seat) and Russy.

Saadat Husain

Sadat Hussain (24 November 1946 – 22 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi civil servant. He notably served as chairman of the Bangladesh Public Service Commission from 2007 to 2011. He was born in Noakhali District.

On 22 April 2020, Husain died of kidney disease and other causes at a Dhaka hospital. He was 73.

Golden Axe: The Duel

, is a fantasy 2D fighting video game in the "Golden Axe" series. It was made by Sega AM1 and published by Sega for the Sega Titan Video arcade machine and for the Sega Saturn in 1995.

Seulline

Seulline is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Georges-d'Aunay and Coulvain. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of La Bigne was merged into Seulline.

Aurseulles

Aurseulles is a commune. It is in the region of Normandy in the Calvados department. This is in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Anctoville (the seat), Longraye, Saint-Germain-d'Ectot and Torteval-Quesnay.

Hartwig Gauder

Hartwig Gauder (10 November 1954 – 22 April 2020) was a German race walker and architect. He won a gold medal in the Men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. He was born in Vaihingen an der Enz, Baden-Württemberg, West Germany.

In 1996, he had a viral heart infection that almost killed him. He recovered after having a heart transplant, but became disabled. Afterwards, he became an architect.

Gauder died while undergoing dialysis on 22 April 2020, aged 65. The cause of death was a heart attack caused by kidney failure.


Terence Frisby

Terence Frisby (28 November 1932 – 23 April 2020) was a British playwright, actor, stage director and producer. He was best known as the author of the play "There's a Girl in My Soup". He also helped write the screenplay for the movie version of the play. Frisby was born in London. 

Frisby died on 23 April 2020, aged 87.

Pomona, New Jersey

Pomona is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Galloway Township, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 7,416.

Galloway Township, New Jersey

Galloway Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. At of total area, Galloway Township is the largest municipality in the State of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 37,813.

Kim Yo-jong

Kim Yo-jong (, born 26 September 1987) is a North Korean politician. She is the youngest daughter of former supreme leader Kim Jong-il. Her brother is Kim Jong-un, the current supreme leader.

She is an alternate member of the Politburo (Political Bureau) and vice director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK).

Jimmy Carter rabbit incident

The Jimmy Carter rabbit incident, also known as a "killer rabbit attack" by the press, involved a swamp rabbit that swam toward then–U.S. President Jimmy Carter's fishing boat on April 20, 1979. 

The incident became popular in the media after Carter's press secretary, Jody Powell, mentioned the event to a correspondent months later.

President Carter was fishing in his hometown of Plains, Georgia on April 20, 1979, alone in a flat-bottomed boat while staff were on land nearby. Carter said a rabbit being chased by hounds "jumped in the water and swam toward my boat. When he got almost there, I splashed some water with a paddle".

When Carter returned to his office, his staff did not believe his story, saying rabbits could not swim, or that one would never approach a person threateningly. A White House photographer took a picture of the incident, which was released by a later administration.

Swamp rabbit

The swamp rabbit ("Sylvilagus aquaticus"), or swamp hare, is a large cottontail rabbit found in the swamps and wetlands of the Southern United States. Other common names for the swamp rabbit include marsh rabbit and cane-cutter. The species likes to live in wet areas, and can swim.

Jody Powell

Joseph Lester "Jody" Powell, Jr. (September 30, 1943 – September 14, 2009) was the White House Press Secretary during the presidency of Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981. Powell later co-founded a public relations firm. He was born in Cordele, Georgia.

Powell died on September 14, 2009 of a heart attack in Cambridge, Maryland, aged 65.

Cordele, Georgia

Cordele is a city in Crisp County, Georgia, United States. The population was 10,220 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Crisp County.

Crisp County, Georgia

Crisp County is a county in the center of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,128. The county seat is Cordele. The county was created on August 17, 1905.

Dooly County, Georgia

Dooly County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,208. The county seat is Vienna.

Vienna, Georgia

The city of Vienna () is the county seat of Dooly County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,928 at the 2020 census. It is named after Vienna, in Austria.

Hamilton Jordan

William Hamilton McWhorter Jordan (September 21, 1944 – May 20, 2008) was an American politician. He was the Chief of Staff to President of the United States Jimmy Carter from 1979 to 1980. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Jordan died on May 20, 2008 in Atlanta, Georgia of mesothelioma at the age of 63.

Jack Watson (presidential adviser)

Jack Hearn Watson Jr. (born October 24, 1938) is an American political strategist and political aide. He was White House Chief of Staff to President Jimmy Carter from 1980 to 1981.


Pete Rouse

Peter Mikami Rouse (born April 15, 1946) is an American political consultant. He was interim White House Chief of Staff to U.S. President Barack Obama from 2010 to 2011. Rouse spent many years on Capitol Hill, becoming known as the "101st senator" during his tenure as Chief of Staff to Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle.

After Daschle lost his election, Rouse later became Chief of Staff for then-Senator Obama.

John Podesta

John David Podesta Jr. (born January 8, 1949) is an American political consultant. He was White House Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton from October 20, 1998, until January 20, 2001, and as Counselor to President Barack Obama from January 1, 2014, until February 13, 2015.

He is the former president, and now Chair and Counselor, of the Center for American Progress (CAP), a think tank in Washington, D.C. He is a Visiting Professor of Law at the Georgetown University Law Center.

Podesta was chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign.

On September 2, 2022, President Joe Biden appointed Podesta as senior advisor to the president for clean energy innovation and implementation.

Mack McLarty

Thomas F. "Mack" McLarty, III (born June 14, 1946) is an American businessman and politician. He was President Bill Clinton's first White House Chief of Staff from 1993 to June 1994. He later was Counselor to the President and Special Envoy for the Americas.

He was chairman and CEO of Arkla, Inc. (1983-1992), a natural gas company. During that time, he was appointed by President George H.W. Bush to the National Petroleum Council and the National Council on Environmental Quality.

He is the Chairman of McLarty Associates, an international strategic advisory firm headquartered in Washington, DC, and chairman of the McLarty Companies, based in Little Rock, Arkansas.

James R. Jones

James Robert Jones (born May 5, 1939) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was a U.S. Congressman from Oklahoma between 1973 to 1987. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Mexico from 1993 to 1997. 

From 1968 to 1969, he was acting White House Chief of Staff for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.

In 1972, after returning to Oklahoma, Jones ran for Oklahoma's 1st congressional district. He won the election and was re-elected six times. During his tenure in Congress, which lasted until 1987, Jones served four years as the Chairman of the House Budget Committee.

Kenneth O'Donnell

Kenneth Patrick O'Donnell (March 4, 1924 – September 9, 1977) was an American political consultant. He was the special assistant and appointments secretary to President John F. Kennedy from 1961 until Kennedy's assassination in November 1963. O'Donnell was a close friend of President Kennedy and his younger brother Robert F. Kennedy.

O'Donnell also was an aide to President Lyndon B. Johnson from 1963 to 1965. He later was an adviser to Robert Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.

He died of gastrointestinal hemorrhage due to alcoholism in September 1977, aged 53.

Saint-Pierre-en-Auge

Saint-Pierre-en-Auge is a commune. It is in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives (the seat), Boissey, Bretteville-sur-Dives, Hiéville, Mittois, Montviette, L'Oudon, Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée, Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette, Saint-Georges-en-Auge, Thiéville, Vaudeloges and Vieux-Pont-en-Auge.

Wilton Persons

Wilton Burton "Jerry" Persons (January 19, 1896 – September 5, 1977) was an American politician. He was the White House Chief of Staff to President Dwight D. Eisenhower from October 7, 1958 until January 20, 1961.


Dragon Force 2

Dragon Force 2 is a fantasy role-playing video game in the "Dragon Force" series. It was made and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn in 1998. It was only released in Japan.

It is a sequel to "Dragon Force".

Devonport High School for Boys

Devonport High School for Boys is a grammar school in Plymouth, England. It is also known as DHSB.

DHSB is open to only those who pass the 11+ test for those aged 9-11 years. DHSB is a boy's only school, apart from sixth form, where the gender is mixed for the last 2 years of education. 

Jerald terHorst

Jerald Franklin "Jerry" terHorst (July 11, 1922 – March 31, 2010) was an American journalist. He was the 14th White House Press Secretary during the first month of Gerald Ford's presidency. He resigned in protest of Ford's pardon of former President Richard Nixon.

Méry-Bissières-en-Auge

Méry-Bissières-en-Auge is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Méry-Corbon (the seat) and Bissières.

Akira Kume

Kume died of heart failure in Tokyo on April 23, 2020, aged 96.

Belle Vie en Auge

Belle Vie en Auge is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Biéville-Quétiéville (the seat) and Saint-Loup-de-Fribois.

Shigeru Tsuyuguchi

He also voiced "Baron Humbert von Gikkingen" in the original Japanese version of the Studio Ghibli anime movie "Whisper of the Heart" in 1995.

Melrose, Minnesota

Melrose is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,602 at the 2020 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Gaylord Nelson

Gaylord Anton Nelson (June 4, 1916 – July 3, 2005) was an American Democratic politician and environmentalist. He was born in Clear Lake, Wisconsin.

Nelson was the 35th Governor of Wisconsin from 1959 to 1963. Then, he became a United States Senator and founded Earth Day in 1970. He left the U.S. Senate in 1980. He then worked in a non-profit organization called The Wilderness Society.

In 1995, President Bill Clinton honored Nelson with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his work helping the environment.

Nelson died on July 3, 2005 in Kensington, Maryland of heart failure, aged 89. The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness was named after him, in honor of his role in creating the park.

Chieko Baisho

She sang many pupular songs, mostly in her younger days. She is also known for her roles as Sakura in the "Otoko wa Tsurai yo" series from 1969 until 1995. She acted in many movies directed by Yōji Yamada. She won the award for best actress at the 5th Hochi Film Award for "A Distant Cry from Spring".

Her hit song were as follows.

Caumont-sur-Aure

Caumont-sur-Aure is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Caumont-l'Éventé (the seat), Livry and La Vacquerie.

El Príncipe Gitano

Enrique Castellón Vargas (April 7, 1928 – April 22, 2020), better known as El Príncipe Gitano (the gipsy prince) was a Spanish flamenco singer, actor and dancer. He was born in Valencia, Spain. He was a bullfighter briefly. 

His most famous song is "Obí, obá". He also created a Spanish version of Elvis' song "In the Ghetto". His best known movies were "Brindis al cielo" (1954), "Un heredero en apuros" (1956), "Veraneo en España" (1956), "El alma de la copla" (1965), "El milagro del cante" (1967) and "Españolear" (1969).

Gitano died of COVID-19 on April 22, 2020 in Madrid, aged 88.

Freeman Spur, Illinois

Freeman Spur is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Deckenpfronn

Deckenpfronn is a municipality of the district Böblingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 3,329 people lived there.


Skip Humphrey

Hubert Horatio "Skip" Humphrey III (born June 26, 1942) is an American politician and lawyer. He was Attorney General of Minnesota from 1983 to 1999. He also was a State Senator from 1973 to 1983.

Humphrey is the son of Vice President Hubert Humphrey and U.S. Senator Muriel Humphrey Brown. He was born in Minneapolis.

In 1988, he unsuccessfully ran for United States Senator, loosing to Republican David Durenberger.

He was the Democratic candidate for Governor of Minnesota in the controversial three-way election of 1998. He lost the election to Jesse Ventura. In the gubernatorial primary, he beat Ted Mondale, son of Vice President Walter Mondale.

1998 Minnesota gubernatorial election

The 1998 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1998. Reform Party candidate Jesse Ventura beat Republican Party challenger Norm Coleman and Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party challenger Hubert H. "Skip" Humphrey III.

Ventura's victory as a third party candidate was seen as a historic major upset, especially since he was a former professional wrestler. He ran on the Reform Party ticket, a party which had been founded by two-time presidential candidate Ross Perot who had received 23% of the vote in Minnesota in the 1992 presidential election and 12% in the 1996 election.

Socialist Workers Party (United States)

The Socialist Workers Party (SWP) is known as a communist party in the United States. It started as a group in the Communist Party USA that supported Leon Trotsky against Soviet leader Joseph Stalin. They are known as "solidarity work" and support strikes and is strongly supportive of Cuba. 

The SWP publishes "The Militant", a weekly newspaper that dates back to 1928. It also maintains Pathfinder Press.


Screech owl

Screech owls or screech-owls are typical owls in the family Strigidae. They are in the genus Megascops. Human beings know about 24 living species of screech owls, but there might be more. People often find new ones, especially in the Andes. 

Screech owls live in the Americas. Some species formerly placed with them are nowadays considered more distinct. The common name "screech owl" is sometimes used for the not closely related barn owl as well.

For a long time, scientists thought screech owls were kinds of scops owls, but now they do not.

Scientists are not sure how scops and screech owls are related, but they do know they are related at all. Both groups of owls fill the same niche where they live. That means they eat the same kinds of foods and do the same kinds of things for the enviornment. Scops owls live in the Old World and screech owls live in the New World. A screech-owl fossil from the Late Pliocene was found in Kansas. This means these birds lived in the Americas for a long time. The scops and screech owls probably evolved at during the Miocene. They probably became separate groups about 5 million years ago. "Otus" and "Megascops" have very similar bones. Their common ancestor was probably a small owl with ear tufts and feathers on at least the upper leg.


All Elite Wrestling

All Elite Wrestling, LLC, doing business as AEW, is a company that produces professional wrestling shows. It is the second most popular wrestling company in the United States. Its creation was announced by father-and-son businessmen Shahid and Tony Khan￼, with the elder acting as the promotion's lead investor, and his son being the founder, president and CEO of the company. Professional wrestlers The Young Bucks (Matt & Nick Jackson) and Kenny Omega, founding members of a wrestling stable known as The Elite, are serving as both in-ring performers and executive vice presidents. Cody Rhodes, another wrestler who joined the stable shortly after it formed, was also an executive vice president before leaving the company in 2022.


Brooklyn Park, Minnesota

Brooklyn Park is the sixth largest city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is near Minneapolis in northern Hennepin County. Brooklyn Park is a northwest suburb of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.

The population of Brooklyn Park was 86,478 at the 2020 census.

Jesse Ventura was mayor of the city from 1991 to 1995.

List of presidents of Benin

This is a list of presidents of Benin (formerly Dahomey) since the formation of the post of President in 1960, to the present day.




President of Botswana

The President of the Republic of Botswana is the head of state and the head of government of Botswana.

Nicéphore Soglo

Nicéphore Dieudonné Soglo (born November 29, 1934) is a Beninese politician. He was Prime Minister of Benin from 1990 to 1991 and President from 1991 to 1996. He was Mayor of Cotonou from 2003 to 2015.

List of prime ministers of Benin

This is a list of prime ministers of Benin (formerly Dahomey) since the formation of the post of Prime Minister in 1960, to its abolition in 2016.





Hubert Maga

Coutoucou Hubert Maga (August 10, 1916 – May 8, 2000) was a Beninese politician. He was the 1st President of Benin from 1960 to 1963. He also was Prime Minister of Benin.

Mokgweetsi Masisi

Mokgweetsi Eric Keabetswe Masisi (born 21 July 1961) is a Botswana politician. He became the fifth President of Botswana in 2018. He has also became Minister of Education in 2014. He was Minister of Presidential Affairs and Public Administration from 2011 to 2014. He was first elected to Parliament in 2009.

Clear Lake, Wisconsin

Clear Lake is a village in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,070 at the 2010 census.

Polk County, Wisconsin

Polk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,977. Its county seat is Balsam Lake. The county was created in 1853.

Amery, Wisconsin

Amery is a city in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,902 at the 2010 census.

Apple Arcade

Apple Arcade is a subscription service by Apple Inc. for iOS, iPadOS, tvOS, and macOS devices that allows a library of video games to be played. It was announced in March 2019, and was launched on September 19, 2019.

Some of the features of Apple Arcade are:

Apple Arcade can only run on these operating systems on these Apple devices at a minimum:


Steve Waugh

Stephen Rodger Waugh (born 2 June 1965) is a former Australian cricketer. He is the twin brother of cricketer Mark Waugh. He was a right-handed batsman and was also a medium-pace bowler. He was the Australian cricket team's captain from 1997 to 2004. He led Australia to fifteen of their record sixteen Test wins in a row. He also captained his country to victory at the 1999 Cricket World Cup. Waugh is considered the most successful Test captain in cricket history. As captain, he won 41 matches and lost 9 matches, with a winning ratio of 72%.

Waugh was named Australian of the Year in 2004. He was given this award for his cricket feats and charity work.

Waugh was born in Campsie, New South Wales. He is a few minutes older than his twin brother Mark. He is married to Lynette. The couple have three children.

List of presidents of Cape Verde

The following is a list of presidents of Cape Verde, since the establishment of the office of president in 1975.


Pedro Pires

Pedro de Verona Rodrigues Pires (; born 29 April 1934) was the President of Cape Verde from March 2001 to September 2011. Before becoming President, he was Prime Minister from 1975 to 1991.

Ulisses Correia e Silva

José Ulisses de Pina Correia e Silva () (born 4 June 1962) is a Cape Verdean businessman and politician. He has been Prime Minister of Cape Verde since 22 April 2016.

António Mascarenhas Monteiro

António Manuel Mascarenhas Gomes Monteiro (; 16 February 1944 – 16 September 2016) was the first democratically elected President of Cape Verde from 22 March 1991 to 22 March 2001.

Aristides Pereira

Aristides Maria Pereira (; 17 November 1923 – 22 September 2011) was a Cape Verdean politician. He was the first President of Cape Verde from 1975 to 1991.

List of prime ministers of Cape Verde

The following is a list of Prime ministers of Cape Verde, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister in 1975.


Carlos Veiga

Carlos Alberto Wahnon de Carvalho Veiga (; born October 21, 1949) is a Cape Verdean politician. He was Prime Minister of Cape Verde from April 4, 1991 to July 29, 2000.

In the 2001 presidential election, Veiga ran for President of Cape Verde, but lost to Pedro Pires of the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV) in the second round of voting. He ran again for presidency in 2006, but he was defeated again by Pires. He ran again in 2021, once again losing the general election.

Gualberto do Rosário

António Gualberto do Rosário () (born October 12, 1950) was Prime Minister of Cape Verde from 29 July 2000 to 1 February 2001. He was also the acting Prime Minister from July to October 2000 and Leader of the Movement for Democracy.

United States of Africa

The United States of Africa is a hypothetical plan for a federation of some or all of the 55 sovereign states on the continent of Africa. The concept takes its origin from Marcus Garvey's 1924 poem "Hail, United States of Africa".

Key supporters of the plan were Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In February 2009, upon being elected chairman of the 53-nation African Union, Gaddafi told the assembled African leaders: "I shall continue to insist that our sovereign countries work to achieve the United States of Africa." After Gaddafi's death, Mugabe expressed interest.


Don Brewer

Donald George Brewer (born September 3, 1948) is an American drummer. He is best known as the drummer, co-lead vocalist and only constant member of rock band Grand Funk Railroad. Other bands he was a member of are Terry Knight and the Pack and Bob Seger's Silver Bullet Band.

Brewer was born in Flint, Michigan. He is married to Sunny Quinn. The couple have two children.

Columbia County, Washington

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Dayton. 3,952 people lived there at the 2020 census which makes it the third-least populous county in Washington. The county was created out of Walla Walla County on November 11, 1875 and is named after the Columbia River.

Franklin County, Washington

Franklin County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Pasco. At the 2020 census, 96,749 people lived there.

Agusan del Sur

Agusan del Sur (; Butuanon: "Probinsya hong Agusan del Sur") is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Caraga region in Mindanao. The capital is Prosperidad.

Aklan

Aklan ("Akean") (Aklanon pronunciation: [ak'ɣan]) (Akeanon: "Eaeawigan it Akean"; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Western Visayas region. It is the oldest province in the Philippines. Its capital is Kalibo.

People from Aklan are called Aklanons. They are thought to be descendants of the Austronesian-speaking immigrants who came to the Philippines during the Iron Age. The name came from the river Akean, which means "where there is boiling." 




Faqqu’a Iris

Gilboa Iris or Faqqu’a Iris "(Iris haynei)" is a species in the genus "Iris", subgenus Iris subgenus and section (botany) "Oncocyclus". It is a rhizomatous perennial, from the shrublands and mountainsides of Palestine.

It is written in Arabic as سوسن فقوعة. It was originally found in Palestine, on Mount Gilboa, by Hayne in April 1872, and then it was first published and described by John Gilbert Baker in The Gardeners' Chronicle Vol.6 on page 710 in 1876. This description was based on dried samples of plants that Haynes had originally found.

It is native to temperate to Western Asia.

On 5 April 2016, the Ministry of Environmental Affairs (Palestine) had adopted 'Sawsan Gilboa' ("I. haynei") as the national plant of the State of Palestine, to go with the Olive tree (as the national tree), Mountain gazelle (national animal), Palestine sunbird (national bird) and the 5th of March to be the national day for the Palestinian environment.

Albay (province)

Albay (; ; ) is a province located in the Bicol Region in southeastern Luzon of the Philippines. The capital is the City of Legazpi.

Artenay

Artenay is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Antique (province)

Antique (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Western Visayas region. The capital is San Jose de Buenavista.

Apayao

Apayao () is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region in Luzon. The capital is Kabugao.

Aurora (province)

Aurora (; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the eastern part of the Central Luzon region, facing the Philippine Sea. The capital is Baler.

Acqueville

Acqueville is the name of two communes in France:

Henk Overgoor

Henk Overgoor (30 April 1944 – 23 April 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He was born in Gendringen, Netherlands. He played for Go Ahead Eagles from 1963 to 1965 and for De Graafschap from 1965 to 1979. 

Overgoor died on 23 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Amsterdam, aged 75.

Jefferson County, Washington

Jefferson County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Port Townsend. At the 2020 census, 32,977 people lived there.

The county is named after US President Thomas Jefferson.

Claude Barthélemy

Claude Barthélemy (9 May 1945 – 6 April 2020) was a Haitian footballer. He played at both professional and international levels as a striker. He played for AS Capoise between 1961 and 1964, then joined Racing Club Haitien until 1967. He played one season for the Detroit Cougars in 1968. He played for the Haitian national team between 1965 and 1977.

Barthélemy was born in Cap-Haïtien. He died on 6 April 2020 in the U.S. state of New Jersey. He was 74.

Aschères-le-Marché

Aschères-le-Marché is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Black garden ant

The Black garden ant ("Lasius niger"), also known as the Common black ant, Common house ant or Tramp ant, is a formicine ant. It is a species of the subgenus "Lasius", which is found across Eurasia and in some parts of South America, Southeast Asia and Australasia. The European species is now split into two species; "L. niger", which are found in open areas; and "L. platythorax", which is found in forests .

The ants build nests underground, commonly under stones, but also in rotten wood, or under roots. The nests can have up to 40,000 workers, but the average size is 4,000–7,000 ants. The colony has a single queen which can live up to 15 years, and it has been claimed that some have lived for 30 years. In the early stages of a colony there can two or three queens in the nest. They will tolerate each other until the first workers come, then it is most likely they will fight until one queen remains. In tests in laboratories, worker ants have lived at least four years.

The worker ants are dark glossy black, and 3–5 mm long. The queens are 9 mm long, glossy black color, and with slight brown stripes on her abdomen. After a queen mates, she removes her wings and eats her wing muscles as food over the winter. The male ants are 3.5–4.5 mm long and are only produced by queens for mating. They have a dark glossy body, which is a different shape from the workers, and look like a wasp. They have delicate wings which stand out from the rest of the body.

Ants mate while flying. The mating (or nuptial) flights of "Lasius niger" usually take place from June to September. In North America flights happen during the autumn, but in Europe they take place during the hot summer months of July and August. Flights can contain thousands of winged males and females. When the queen has mated, she will land and look for a suitable place to dig a tunnel. The males generally only live for a day or two after the mating flights.

The queen ant removes her wings to dig. When she has dug a tunnel, she blocks the entrance and then digs a small chamber to lay her eggs. The eggs hatch after 8–10 weeks. The queen does not leave the nest to look for food until eggs have hatched, and the larvae have grown into ants. She survives on the protein from eating her own wings.

The black garden ant, like other ants, has four stages of development: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The eggs are tiny, white, kidney-shaped, with a smooth sticky surface. This helps them to be carried in a group instead of one by one. After hatching the larvae look like tiny maggots. They need to be fed by the queen (or workers in the case of an established colony) if they are to mature. As they grow, they shed their skin, doing so usually three times in total. With each molt, the larvae grow hooked hairs which allow them to be carried in groups. At the last molt they are too big to be carried as part of a group and so are carried individually. When it is big enough, it spins a cocoon around itself. To help, the queen (or workers) may bury the larva so that it can spin its cocoon undisturbed. When the process of metamorphosis is complete the worker ant comes out of the cocoon. It is completely white but it only takes one hour to turn black.

The first worker ants are very small. Later generations of ants grow much bigger. The new worker ants begin make the nest bigger. They take care of the queen and her eggs. They open the entrance to the nest and begin to look for food above ground. They need to gather food quickly to support future growth and to feed the starved queen. The queen will have lost around 50% of her body weight. The queen will lay more eggs, which is her only task in the colony. The later generations of worker ants will be bigger, stronger and more aggressive because there is more food for them while they are growing. Instead of only having the queens to look after them, they have a team of foraging and nursing workers. Provided workers are able to find food, the colony will see an exponential rise in population. After several years, when colony is well established, the queen will lay eggs that will become new queens and males. Black ants often make large nests with with tunnels connecting the different sections.

The black garden ants eat nectar, small insects such as codling moth larvae, and fruit. The ants can 'milk' aphids, cockroaches and beetles.

Hallettsville, Texas

Hallettsville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Landscheide

Landscheide is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ohio, Illinois

Ohio is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Prime Minister of Haiti

The prime minister of Haiti (, ) is the head of government of Haiti. The office was created under the 1987 Constitution. Before all executive power was held by the president or head of state, who appointed and chaired the Council of Ministers.

Nortorf, Steinburg

Nortorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Jean-Bertrand Aristide

Jean-Bertrand Aristide (born 15 July 1953) is a Haitian priest and politician. He became Haiti's first democratically elected President. 

Aristide was appointed to a Roman Catholic parish in Port-au-Prince in 1982 after completing his studies to become a priest of the Salesian order. 

He won the Haitian general election between 1990 and 1991, with 67% of the vote and was briefly president of Haiti, until a September 1991 military coup. The coup regime collapsed in 1994 under U.S. pressure and threat of force (Operation Uphold Democracy). 

Aristide was then president again from 1994 to 1996 and from 2001 to 2004. However, Aristide was ousted in the 2004 coup d'état. Aristide was later forced into exile, staying in the Central African Republic, Jamaica, and South Africa.

He finally returned to Haiti in 2011 after seven years in exile.

Vilas County, Wisconsin

Vilas County is a county in the state of Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,047. Its county seat is Eagle River.

Eagle River, Wisconsin

Eagle River is a city in Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,398 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Vilas County. 

Gogebic County, Michigan

Gogebic County ( ) is the westernmost county in the Upper Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,380. The county seat is Bessemer.

Ironwood, Michigan

Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S. state of Michigan, about south of Lake Superior. The population was 5,045 at the 2020 census.

Hurley, Wisconsin

Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census. It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood, Michigan.

New York's 14th congressional district

New York's 14th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives located in New York City, represented by Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.

The district includes the eastern part of The Bronx and part of north-central Queens. The Queens portion includes the neighborhoods of Astoria, College Point, Corona, East Elmhurst, Elmhurst, Jackson Heights, and Woodside. 

Roughly half of the population of the district is of Hispanic or Latino heritage, making it one of the more Latino districts in New York.

Democratic Caucus Chairman of the United States House of Representatives

The following is a list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives who have served as chair of the House Democratic Caucus. Chairs are currently limited to two consecutive terms. 

</onlyinclude>


Upset

An upset happens in a competition, mainly in electoral politics or sports, when the party popularly expected to win (the favorite), either loses to or draws/ties a game with an underdog whom the majority expects to lose. It is often used in reference to beating the betting odds in sports, or beating the opinion polls in electoral politics.

Examples include: Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election or Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez beating Representative Joe Crowley in the 2018 midterms.

Job guarantee

A job guarantee (JG) is an economic policy proposal aimed at giving a sustainable solution to the problems of inflation and unemployment. Its aim is to create full employment and price stability, by having the state promise to hire unemployed workers as an employer of last resort (ELR).

Tax rate

In a tax system, the tax rate is the ratio (usually expressed as a percentage) at which a business or person is taxed. There are several methods used to present a tax rate: statutory, average, marginal, and effective. These rates can also be presented using different definitions applied to a tax base: inclusive and exclusive.


Federal Election Commission

The Federal Election Commission (FEC) is an independent regulatory agency in the United States. Their purpose is to enforce campaign finance law in federal elections. It was created in 1974 through amendments to the Federal Election Campaign Act. 

Estate (law)

An estate, in common law, is the net worth of a person at any point in time alive or dead. It is the sum of a person's assets – legal rights, interests and entitlements to property of any kind – less all liabilities at that time.

Parkchester, Bronx

Parkchester is a planned community originally developed by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and located in the central Bronx, New York City.

Yorktown Heights, New York

Yorktown Heights is a Census-designated place in the town of Yorktown in Westchester County, New York. The population was 1,884 at the 2020 census.

MIT Lincoln Laboratory

The MIT Lincoln Laboratory, located in Lexington, Massachusetts, is a United States Department of Defense federally funded research and development center. It is used to help advanced technology to problems of national security. 

The Laboratory gives a technical base for military electronics ranging from radars to reentry physics. 

Sugar Hill

Sugar Hill is a 1974 American blaxploitation action horror movie directed by Paul Maslansky and starring Charlie Robinson, Marki Bey, Robert Quarry, Zara Cully, Don Pedro Colley, Big Walter Price. American International Pictures had previously experimented blaploitation horrors with "Blacula" (1972) and its sequel "Scream Blacula Scream" (1973).


National Hispanic Institute

The National Hispanic Institute (NHI) is an international nonprofit organization. Its focus is the future leadership in the global Hispanic community. It was founded in 1979 in Texas with the mission of serving the future leadership needs of the United States via the Hispanic/Latino community. NHI became the largest Latino youth organization in the United States. NHI is now an international organization with over 85,000 alumni worldwide.

Lorenzo de Zavala

Manuel Lorenzo Justiniano de Zavala y Sanchez (October 14, 1788 – November 15, 1836), known simply as Lorenzo de Zavala, was a Mexican physician, politician, diplomat and author. Zavala was the interim Vice President of the Republic of Texas in 1936.

Chinese virus

Chinese virus or China virus may refer to:



Standing Rock Indian Reservation

The Standing Rock Reservation (/inyan bosdata) is located in North Dakota and South Dakota in the United States. It is where the "Hunkpapa and Sihasapa bands of Lakota Oyate and the Ihunktuwona and Pabaksa bands of the Dakota Oyate" live. The sixth-largest Native American reservation in land area in the US, Standing Rock includes all of Sioux County, North Dakota, and all of Corson County, South Dakota.

Dakota Access Pipeline protests

The Dakota Access Pipeline protests, also called by the hashtag #NoDAPL, were grassroots movements that began in early 2016 in reaction to the approved construction of Energy Transfer Partners' Dakota Access Pipeline in the northern United States. 

The pipeline was projected to run from the Bakken oil fields in western North Dakota to southern Illinois, crossing beneath the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, as well as under part of Lake Oahe near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation. 

Many in the Standing Rock tribe and surrounding communities considered the pipeline and its intended crossing beneath the Missouri River would cause harm to the region's drinking water, as well as to the water supply used to irrigate surrounding farmlands. The construction was also seen as a direct threat to ancient burial grounds and cultural sites of historic importance.

Almost 500 people were arrested during the protests.

Brand New Congress

Brand New Congress is an American political action committee formed by former staffers and supporters of the Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign to elect hundreds of new congressional representatives who supported the campaign's political platform.

Brewster McCloud

Brewster McCloud is a 1970 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Robert Altman and produced by Lou Adler. It stars Bud Cort, Sally Kellerman, Michael Murphy, Shelley Duvall, Corey Fischer, Stacy Keach, Jennifer Salt, Harvey Keitel and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

MoveOn

MoveOn (formerly known as MoveOn.org) is a progressive public policy advocacy group and political action committee. It was formed in 1998 in response to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton by the U.S. House of Representatives. MoveOn.org has raised millions of dollars for liberal candidates in the United States.

Democracy for America

Democracy for America (DFA) is a progressive political action committee, headquartered in South Burlington, Vermont. It was founded by former Democratic National Committee Chair Howard Dean in 2004. DFA works for public awareness campaigns on many issues of public policy, trains activists, and provides funding directly to candidates for office. The organization has more than a million members in the United States and internationally.

The Looney Tunes Show

The Looney Tunes Show is an American animated sitcom. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The program ran from May 3, 2011 through November 2, 2013, on Cartoon Network. The show has 2 seasons. Each season had 26 episodes. The program featured characters from the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" cartoon shorts updated for the 21st century.

Union Square, Manhattan

Union Square is a historic place surrounding neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue – came together in the early 19th century.

Mother, Jugs &amp; Speed

Mother, Jugs & Speed is a 1976 American black comedy movie directed by Peter Yates and stars Bill Cosby, Harvey Keitel, Raquel Welch, Allen Garfield, Larry Hagman, Bruce Davison, Toni Basil. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Merriam-Webster

Merriam-Webster, Inc., is an American company that publishes reference books and is especially known for its dictionaries.

In 1831, George and Charles Merriam founded the company as G & C Merriam Co. in Springfield, Massachusetts. 

In 1964, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., bought Merriam-Webster, Inc., as a subsidiary. The company created its current name in 1982.

Dave Brat

David Alan Brat (born July 27, 1964) is an American politician and businessman. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 7th congressional district from 2014 to 2019.

Brat became known when he beat House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in the district's 2014 Republican primary. Brat's primary victory over Cantor made him the first primary challenger to beat a sitting House Majority Leader.

Brat lost his reelection bid in 2018 to Democrat Abigail Spanberger.

Working Families Party

The Working Families Party (WFP) is a minor political party in the United States, founded in New York in 1998. There are active chapters in New York, Connecticut, Oregon, New Jersey, Maryland, Washington D.C., Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Rhode Island, Nevada, West Virginia, New Mexico, Ohio, Texas, and Illinois.

No Mercy (1986 movie)

No Mercy is a 1986 American action crime thriller movie directed by Richard Pearce. It stars Richard Gere, Kim Basinger, Jeoren Krabbé, George Dzundza, Terry Kinney, Ely Pouget and was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

AJ Tracey

Ché Wolton Grant (born 4 March 1994), more commonly known by his stage name AJ Tracey, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer from Ladbroke Grove, London.

He rose to fame in 2016. He was listed in "The Guardian"'s list of ""best new acts to catch at festivals in 2016"".

Tracey's 2017 EP, "Secure the Bag!" entered the UK Albums Chart at number 13. In 2018, Tracey released the single ""Butterflies"" featuring English singer Not3s which acted as his breakthrough, reaching the top 20 on the UK Singles Chart. His 2019 album ""AJ Tracey"", which was released by Warner Records, peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and featured his highest-charting song ""Ladbroke Grove"", which peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart.

Grant's father is of Trinidadian origin and his mother is a Welsh former jungle DJ. He is a loyal supporter of football club Tottenham Hotspur. He is the cousin of fellow rapper Big Zuu.

Fahrenheit 11/9

Fahrenheit 11/9 is a 2018 American political documentary by filmmaker Michael Moore about the 2016 United States presidential election and presidency of Donald Trump. The movie had its world premiere on , 2018, and was released in the United States on , 2018, by Briarcliff Entertainment.

It made $6.7 million worldwide. It received mostly positive reviews, with website Rotten Tomatoes saying that ""Fahrenheit 11/9" finds Michael Moore in fine fighting form, delivering a political call to action that ranks among his most effective works".

Knock Down the House

Knock Down the House is a 2019 American documentary movie directed by Rachel Lears. It is about the primary campaigns of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Amy Vilela, Cori Bush and Paula Jean Swearengin, four progressive Democrats supported by Justice Democrats and Brand New Congress who ran for Congress in the 2018 midterm elections.

The movie had its world premiere at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival on January 27, 2019, and it was released on May 1, 2019 by Netflix.

Aitch (rapper)

Harrison Armstrong (born 9 December 1999), better known by his stage name Aitch, is an English rapper and grime MC from Manchester.

He has supported rappers such as Cadet and Wiley on tour. The name "Aitch" derives from the pronunciation of the letter 'h', the first letter of his given name.

Armstrong's first track ""Straight Rhymez"" gained over 26 million views on YouTube. This brought him to the attention of London rapper Stormzy.

He has released three singles that have charted within the top 50 in the UK, including ""Taste (Make It Shake)"", which peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. He has released two extended plays (EPs), ""On Your Marks"" and ""AitcH20"".

He has worked with artists such as Ed Sheeran, Bugzy Malone, Young T & Bugsey, AJ Tracey and Jaykae.

J Hus

Momodou Lamin Jallow (born 26 May 1996), better known by his stage name J Hus, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and model of Gambian and Ghanaian descent from Stratford, London.

Jallow was born in London and grew up in the Stratford district of the city. He eventually moved to Peterborough in Cambridgeshire. He is of Gambian descent and was raised by his mother, who emigrated to England when she was 25 years old. He was raised as a Muslim and is of ethnic Fula heritage. In June 2018, he was arrested in Stratford and charged with carrying a knife in public. Hours after he was released from prison in April 2019, he made a surprise appearance on stage at Canadian rapper Drake's concert in London.

His song, ""Did You See"", became his most successful single, peaking at number nine on the UK Singles Chart and eventually being certified Platinum. In 2017, he released his debut album, ""Common Sense"", which was named the best UK album of 2017 by Complex.

In January 2020, J Hus released his second album, ""Big Conspiracy"", which featured appearances by Jamaican singer Koffee, Nigerian singer Burna Boy and English singer Ella Mai. The album became his first number-one on the UK Albums Chart.

The Iceman Cometh

The Iceman Cometh is a 1973 American drama movie directed by John Frankenheimer and based on the 1939 play of the same name by Eugene O'Neill. It stars Lee Marvin, Robert Ryan, Jeff Bridges, Fredric March, Bradford Dillman.


Baby Blue Marine

Baby Blue Marine is a 1976 American World War II drama movie directed by John D. Hancock and produced by Aaron Spelling, Leonard Goldberg. It stars Jan-Michael Vincent, Richard Gere, Bruno Kirby, Art Lund, Adam Arkin, Michael Conrad, Dana Elcar, Allan Miller and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Reflections in a Golden Eye (movie)

Reflections in a Golden Eye is a 1967 American drama movie directed by John Huston and based on the 1941 novel of the same name by Carson McCullers. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Marlon Brando, Brian Keith, Julie Harris, with Robert Forster and Harvey Keitel in their movie debuts. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. and was unsuccessful at box office.

Kid Blue

Kid Blue is a 1973 American western movie directed by James Frawley and starring Dennis Hopper, Warren Oates, Peter Boyle, Ben Johnson, M. Emmet Walsh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox

Murder of John Lennon

On the 8 December 1980, musician John Lennon was shot and killed by Mark David Chapman. It happened outside the Dakota in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City. Chapman lived in Hawaii and had travelled to New York to kill Lennon. Chapman said he was annoyed at how lazy Lennon's lifestyle was and was also annoyed about that Lennon had said The Beatles were "more popular than Jesus". 

Chapman was arrested soon after the shooting and was charged with murder. Chapman pleaded guilty to Lennon's murder and was sentenced to 20-years-to-life in prison. Chapman could have had parole ten times since 2000, but was never accepted. He is still in prison today.

O Lucky Man!

O Lucky Man! is a 1973 British fantasy comedy drama movie directed by Lindsay Anderson. It stars Malcolm McDowell, Ralph Richardson, Rachel Roberts, Helen Mirren, Arthur Lowe, Dandy Nichols, Warren Clarke, Bill Owen, James Bolam, Brian Glover, Edward Judd, Edward Peel, Margot Bennett and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was second of Mick Travis trilogy that started with "if..." (1968) and finished with "Britannia Hospital" (1982).

Your Ticket Is No Longer Valid

Your Ticket Is No Longer Valid is a Canadian erotic drama movie directed by George Kaczender and based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Romain Gary. It stars Richard Harris, George Peppard, Jennifer Dale, and Jeanne Moreau

‏‎
Battle Beyond the Stars

Battle Beyond the Stars is a 1980 American science fiction western movie directed by Jimmy T. Murakami and screenplay by John Sayles. It stars George Peppard, Robert Vaughn, Richard Thomas, John Saxon, Sybil Danning and it was distributed by New World Pictures.


PolitiFact

PolitiFact.com is a nonprofit project operated by the Poynter Institute in St. Petersburg, Florida, with offices there and in Washington, D.C. It began in 2007 as a project of the "Tampa Bay Times" (then the "St. Petersburg Times"), with reporters and editors from the newspaper and its affiliated news media partners reporting on the accuracy of statements made by elected officials, candidates, their staffs, lobbyists, interest groups and others involved in U.S. politics. 

Ammakandakara

Ammakandakara is a village in Adoor Municipality in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

The Chennampallil Sree Dharma Shasta and Devi temple are situating at the centre of the village.

Zorro, The Gay Blade

Zorro, The Gay Blade is a 1981 American Mexican adventure comedy movie directed by Peter Medak and stars George Hamilton, Lauren Hutton, Ron Liebman, Brenda Vaccaro. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for one Razzie in 1982.


Angadi

Angadi is a village in Ranni Taluk, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

At the 2001 census, Angadi had a population of 15,873, with 7,696 males and 8,177 females.

Angadickal

Angadical is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

Angadical had a population of 12,600 with 5,911 males and 6,689 females.

There are different worship centres such as


Nearest railway stations: Chengannur (32 km) and Thiruvalla (42 km)

Nearest Airports: Thiruvananthapuram International Airport (101 km) and Kochi International Airport (158 km)


The Only Game in Town (movie)

The Only Game in Town is a 1970 American drama movie directed by George Stevens in his last movie before his death in 1975 and stars Elizabeth Taylor, Warren Beatty. The screenplay is based on the play of the same name by Frank D. Gilroy was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Conservative Party of New York State

The Conservative Party of New York State is a political party founded in 1962. The Party was founded due to conservatives not liking the Republican Party in New York. 

Since 2010, the Conservative Party has held "Row C" on New York ballots—the third-place ballot position, directly below the Democratic and Republican parties because it received the third-highest number of votes of any political party in the 2010, 2014, and 2018 gubernatorial elections. 

Pipra Dixit

Pipra Dixit is a medium sized village in Salempur tehsil of Deoria district, Uttar Pradesh. the village has total population of 1,477 as per 2011 Population Census of India.

Generation Z

Generation Z (also known as Gen Z for short, or Zoomers) is the generation after Millennials and before Generation Alpha. Many sources define Zoomers as those born from 1997 to 2012. Many others mention that Generation Z people were born between the years 1996 and 2011. In a 2022 report, the U.S. Census designates Generation Z as those born 1997 to 2013. Most members of Generation Z have used digital technology since a young age and are well known with the Internet and social media. Most members of Generation Z are the children of Generation X. 

Other proposed names for the generation included "iGeneration", "Gen Tech", "Gen Wii", "Homeland Generation", "Net Gen", "Digital Natives", and "Plurals".

Keezhuvaipur

Keezhuvaipur is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Keezhuvaipur.

Keezhuvaipur is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kozhencherry East

Kozhencherry East is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Kozhencherry East.

Kozhencherry East is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Tornillo, Texas

Tornillo ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) and border town in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,432 at the 2020 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

Child care

Child care, otherwise known as day care, is the care and supervision of a child or multiple children at a time, whose ages range from six weeks to thirteen years. 

Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies, babysitters, teachers, maids, etc. Child care providers can be children's first teachers. Quality care from a young age can have a huge impact on the future successes of children. The main focus of childcare is on the development of the child, whether that be mental, social, or psychological.

Save the Tiger

Save the Tiger is a 1973 American drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and screenplay by Steve Shagan from his novel of the same name. It stars Jack Lemmon, Jack Gilford, Laurie Heineman, Norman Burton, Harvey Jason and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won one Oscar for Lemmon at the Academy Awards in 1974.

Character Map

Character Map is a tool made for Microsoft Windows operating systems. It lets people see characters in a font. It can also be used to see what alt code is used for a character, and it can be used to copy and paste characters.

The tool is useful for putting in special characters. The "Advanced view" button can be used to switch between different encodings: Windows, DOS, and Unicode. Characters can be sorted by Unicode categories. The tool only supports the first Unicode plane, the Basic Multilingual Plane.

Character Map can be opened by using the command-line interface or the Run command by typing 'charmap'.

Modern Monetary Theory

Modern Monetary Theory, Modern Money Theory (MMT), or Modern Monetary Theory and Practice (MMTP) is a macroeconomic theory and practice that sees the practical uses of fiat currency in a public monopoly from the issuing authority, normally the government's central bank. 

MMT says that the government could use fiscal policy to achieve full employment and money creation to fund government purchases.

America (magazine)

America is a national weekly magazine published by the Jesuits of the United States and headquartered in Manhattan. It has news and opinion about Catholicism and how it relates to American politics and cultural life. 

It has been published continuously since 1909, and is also available online. It has been seen as liberal-leaning publication, and has been described by "The Washington Post" as "a favourite of Catholic liberal intellectuals".

The Seven-Ups

The Seven-Ups is a 1973 American action crime mystery movie directed by first time director Philip D'Antoni and stars Roy Schedier, Tony Lo Bianco, Larry Haines, Richard Lynch, Joe Spinell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


RuPaul's Drag Race

RuPaul's Drag Race is an American reality television series produced by World of Wonder and VH1. The show is about RuPaul in the search for "America's next drag superstar." RuPaul plays the role of host, mentor, and head judge for this series.

"RuPaul's Drag Race" has spanned fourteen seasons and inspired the spin-off shows "RuPaul's Drag U" and "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars". The show has become the highest-rated television program on Logo TV, and airs internationally. The show earned RuPaul four consecutive Emmys (2016 to 2019) for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program. The show itself was awarded as a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program in 2018 and 2019.

The show's winners are BeBe Zahara Benet, Tyra Sanchez, Raja Gemini, Sharon Needles, Jinkx Monsoon, Bianca Del Rio, Violet Chachki, Bob the Drag Queen, Sasha Velour, Aquaria, Yvie Oddly, Jaida Essence Hall, Symone, Willow Pill, and Sasha Colby.

The show has a spinoff, "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars", and the winners of that spinoff are Chad Michaels, Alaska Thunderfuck 5000, Trixie Mattel, Trinity the Tuck, Monét X Change, Shea Couleé, and Kylie Sonique Love. The seventh season of All Stars (an all winners season) will premiere on May 20th.

The show also has multiple international spinoffs, including Drag Race Thailand, Drag Race Canada, Drag Race UK, Drag Race Holland, Drag Race España, Drag Race Philippines, Drag Race France, Drag Race Italia, and Drag Race Down Under.

Angamoozhy

Angamoozhy is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Angamoozhy.

Angamoozhy is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Anicadu

Anicadu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language in Anicadu.

Anicadu is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Aranmula

Aranmula is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Aranmula.

Aranmula is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Arukalickal

Arukalickal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Arukalickal.

Arukalickal is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Aruvappulam

Aruvappulam is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Aruvappulam.

Aruvappulam is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

List of districts of India

A district ("zilā") is an administrative division of an Indian state or territory. there are a total of 736 districts, up from the 640 in the 2011 Census of India and the 593 recorded in the 2001 Census of India.

Most of the districts are named after their administrative centre. Some of them have two names, a traditional one and one that uses the name of the town that is the headquarters. Since most of the districts are named after a town, the word "district" is added to show the difference between the town and the district.



Dan Walters

Daniel Gene "Dan" Walters (August 15, 1966 – April 23, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Brunswick, Maine. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres in the 1992 and 1993 seasons. In 84 career games, he had 64 hits in 273 at-bats, with a .234 batting average. 

After baseball, Walters became a police officer with the San Diego Police Department. He became paralyzed from the neck down after a 2003 shooting. He died, aged 53, from problems caused by his injuries in San Diego on April 23, 2020.

Yorktown, New York

Yorktown is a town on the northern border of Westchester County, New York. It is a suburb of the New York City metropolitan area. It is about north of midtown Manhattan. The population was 36,569 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Claude Evrard

Claude Evrard (29 July 1933 – 20 April 2020) was a French actor. He was born in Versailles, France. His best known roles were in "Circus Angel", "Le Distrait" and "If the Sun Never Returns". His last movie role was in the 2017 drama "Back to Burgundy". He also starred in the 1990s television series "Les Cinq Dernières Minutes".

Evrard died on 20 April 2020 in Clamart, France at the age of 86.

The Great White Hope (movie)

The Great White Hope is a 1970 American biographical romantic drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and based on the Howard Sackler play of the same name. It stars James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander, Hal Holbrook, Chester Morris and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for two Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Bartender

A bartender (also known as a barkeep, barman, barmaid, barwoman, bar chef, tapster, mixologist, alcohol server, cocktologist, flairman or an alcohol chef) is a person who creates and serves alcoholic or soft drink beverages behind the bar, in a licensed establishment. Bartenders also usually have the supplies and inventory for the bar. A bartender can generally mix classic cocktails.

Bartenders are also usually responsible for confirming that customers meet the legal drinking age requirements before serving them alcoholic beverages. In certain countries, such as Canada, the United Kingdom, and Sweden, bartenders are legally required to refuse more alcohol to drunk customers.

I Never Sang for My Father

I Never Sang for My Father is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Gilbert Cates and based on the 1968 play of the same name by Robert Anderson. It stars Melvyn Douglas, Gene Hackman, Estelle Parsons, Dorothy Stickney, Lovelady Powell and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for three Oscars at Academy Awards in 1971.


Initial

In a written or published work, an initial or drop cap is a letter at the beginning of a word, a chapter, or a paragraph that is larger than the rest of the text. The word is comes from the Latin "initialis", which means "standing at the beginning". An initial is often several lines in height and in older books or manuscripts. In some cases a name or title can be long so the initials would shorten them.

Examples include: JFK, FDR, AOC, TDK, NYC, USA, KUWTK, EU, etc.



Val de Drôme

Val de Drôme is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Sept-Vents (the seat), Dampierre, La Lande-sur-Drôme and Saint-Jean-des-Essartiers.


Rich Hacker

Richard Warren Hacker (October 6, 1947 – April 22, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player, base coach and scout. Hacker was born in Belleville, Illinois. He played 16 games for the Montreal Expos in the 1971 season as a shortstop. He had a .121 batting average, with four hits in 33 at-bats. Hacker coached the St. Louis Cardinals from 1986 to 1990 and the Toronto Blue Jays from 1991 to 1993.

Hacker died of leukemia in Fairview Heights, Illinois on April 22, 2020 at the age of 72.

Five Easy Pieces

Five Easy Pieces is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Bob Rafelson and stars Jack Nicholson, Karen Black, Susan Anspach, Sally Struthers, Toni Basil. It was nominated for four Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Glen Carbon, Illinois

Glen Carbon is a village in Madison County, Illinois, United States, northeast of St. Louis. The population was 13,842 at the 2020 census.

Maquoketa River

The Maquoketa River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, about long, in northeastern Iowa in the United States. 

Its watershed covers within a rural region of rolling hills and farmland southwest of Dubuque. 

It is not to be confused with the Little Maquoketa River. The river and its tributaries mark the border of the Driftless Area of Iowa. The name comes from "Maquaw-Autaw", which means "Bear River" in Meskwaki.

Le Hom

Le Hom is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Thury-Harcourt (the seat), Caumont-sur-Orne, Curcy-sur-Orne, Hamars and Saint-Martin-de-Sallen.

Diary of a Mad Housewife

Diary of a Mad Housewife is a 1970 American comedy drama movie directed by Frank Perry and based on the 1967 novel of the same name by Sue Kaufman. It stars Carrie Snodgress, Richard Benjamin, Frank Langella, Peter Boyle, Alice Cooper and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for Best Actress at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Alex &amp; the Gypsy

Alex & the Gypsy is 1976 American comedy movie directed by John Korty and stars Jack Lemmon, Geneviève Bujold, James Woods, Robert Emhardt, Titos Vandis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Basilan

The Province of Basilan (Chavacano: "Provincia de Basilan"; Tausug: "Wilaya' sin Basilan"; Yakan: "Wilayah Basilanin") is an island province of the Philippines that is found in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region. The capital is Lamitan City. The province was created on December 27, 1973.

Basilan Island is the largest and northernmost of the major islands of the Sulu Archipelago. It is just off the southern coast of the geographic Zamboanga Peninsula.

The former capital is Isabela City.

Ainsworth, Nebraska

Ainsworth is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Brown County.

For Pete's Sake (movie)

For Pete's Sake is a 1974 American screwball comedy movie directed by Peter Yates and stars Barbra Streisand, Estelle Parsons, Michael Sarrazin, Molly Picon. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Bananas (movie)

Bananas is a 1971 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Louise Lasser, Carlos Montalban, Natividad Abascal, Allen Garfield, Sylvester Stallone, René Enríquez, Miguel Ángel Suárez. It was distributed by United Artists.


Chalappally

Chalappally is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chalappally.

Chalappally is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kansai Ki-in

The Kansai Ki-in (関西棋院, i.e., Kansai Go Association) is an organization for the game of Go in Japan, which was founded in 1950 at Osaka. It is not as large as the Nihon Ki-in based in Tokyo, but it also gives diplomas to strong players and maintain their professional player system as the Nihon Ki-in does. They also hire professional players as same as the Nihon Ki-in (with different rules and age restrictions).




Chandanapally

Chandanapally is a village in the Kodumon subdivision in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India. The town is famous for St. George Catholic Church. 

The main hospital is Primary Health Center Chandanapally. There are three doctors available and 24 beds.

Major educational institutions are

There are several worship centres in this area including.. 

Young Winston

Young Winston is a 1972 British biographical drama movie about the early years of Winston Churchill. It was directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Simon Ward, Robert Shaw, Anne Bancroft, Jack Hawkins, Ian Holm, Anthony Hopkins, Patrick Magee, Edward Woodward, John Mills. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for three Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1973.


Chathanthara

Chathanthara is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chathanthara.

Chathanthara is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker

The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker (also known simply as Pigeons) is a 1970 American comedy movie directed by John Dexter and based on the novel of the same name by David Boyer. It stars Jordan Christopher, Jill O'Hara, Kate Reid, Robert Walden, Sylvester Stallone, Melba Moore and was distributed by Metro-Golden-Mayer.


What's Up, Doc? (1972 movie)

What's Up, Doc? is a 1972 romantic screwball comedy movie directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Barbra Streisand, Ryan O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Michael Murphy, Sorrell Booke, Sylvester Stallone, Randy Quaid. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother

The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother is a 1975 American British mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Gene Wilder (who also stars) and starring Madeline Kahn, Marty Feldman, Dom DeLuise, Roy Kinnear, Mel Brooks. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Red-breasted parakeet

The red breasted parakeet or moustached parakeet ("Psittacula alexandri") is among the more widespread species of the genus and is the species which has the most geographical variations.

Chathenkary



The Indian National Congress, the CPIM, the JD(S) and the Kerala Congress(M) are the major political parties in this area.




Private and KSRTC bus available from Chathenkary junction to other parts of Kerala.

Thiruvalla railway station is nearby station to Chathenkary.

Cochin International Airport Nedumbassery is 115 km away from Chathenkary.

Pallas's fish eagle

Pallas's fish eagle ("Haliaeetus leucoryphus"), also known as Pallas's sea eagle or band-tailed fish eagle, is a large, brownish sea eagle. It breeds in the east Palearctic in Kazakhstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Mongolia, China, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Bhutan. It is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List.

Apparently, this species achieved its current, essentially land-locked distribution peculiar among sea-eagles due to the collision of Indian Plate with Eurasia. Although the exact timing is not well resolved, it is quite certain that Pallas's fish eagle is a descendant of those sea-eagles which inhabited the northwestern Bay of Bengal when it was a shallow straits separating mainland Asia from India, which still was an island at that time.

Sleeper (1973 movie)

Sleeper is a 1973 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Diane Keaton, John Beck, Bartlett Robinson, Jackie Mason. It was distributed by United Artists.


Phayre's leaf monkey

The Phayre's leaf langur ("Trachypithecus phayrei"), also known as Phayre's monkey, is a species of Lutung native to Southeast Asia including Northeast India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and China. It spends most of life in trees and feeds on leaves of many tree species.

Un Juego de Huevos

Un Juego de Huevos is a 2D platform video game that was only created for the Zeebo by Swedish studio Fabrication Games. It is the first video game based on "Una Película de Huevos," a popular movie from the Mexican animation company Huevocartoon. The game came out on April 19, 2010 in Mexico. A version with Portuguese text called "Um Jogo de Ovos" came out in Brazil in August, 2010.

The game features all the main characters from "Una Película de Huevos", including Toto, Willy, Confi, Serp, Cuache and Tlacua, voiced by the same actors used in the movie. The story is also based on the film, but follows a different plotline. "Un Juego de Huevos" is the first video game based on a Mexican license. The goal of the game is to explore and battle through a series of increasingly difficult challenges. The game contains 25 levels, 5 battles with bosses and 10 unlockable levels of competition. One or two players can play in cooperative or competitive modes.

A package consisting of a Zeebo system, the game, a keyboard and a Huevocartoon DVD was launched in Mexico with a promotional price of $1999 pesos, along with a merchandising campaign in some department stores.


Bataan

Bataan (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Central Luzon region. The capital is Balanga.

Doctor Detroit

Doctor Detroit is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Michael Pressman and stars Dan Aykroyd, Howard Hesseman, Lynn Whitfield, Fran Drescher, Donna Dixon. It was the first Dan Aykroyd worked following the death of his friend John Belushi and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Batanes

Batanes (; , ) is an archipelagic province in the Philippines that is found in the Cagayan Valley region. It is the northernmost province in the country, and also the smallest, both in population and land area. The capital is Basco located on the island of Batan.

The island group is about north of the Luzon mainland and about south of Taiwan, separated from the Babuyan Islands of Cagayan Province by the Balintang Channel, and from Taiwan by the Bashi Channel.

Young Doctors in Love

Young Doctors in Love is a 1982 American comedy movie directed by first time director Garry Marshall. It stars Michael McKean, Sean Young, Saul Rubinek, Harry Dean Staton, Hector Elizondo, Pamela Reed, Michael Richards, Dabney Coleman, Taylor Negron and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Occidental Mindoro

Occidental Mindoro (, , , ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the MIMAROPA region. The capital is Mamburao.  Dubbed as "Marine Wonderland," the fantastic land that is Occidental Mindoro is endowed with marine beauty from its virgin forests, beautiful white sand beaches, islands and islets rich in marine life, coral gardens, mysterious caves, and cascading waterfalls. 

The Driver

The Driver is a 1978 American crime thriller movie directed by Walter Hill and stars Ryan O'Neal, Bruce Dern, Isabelle Adjani. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Marinduque

Marinduque () is an island province of the Philippines. It is in the MIMAROPA region. The capital is the municipality of Boac.

Deal of the Century

Deal of the Century is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by William Friedkin and stars Chevy Chase, Sigourney Weaver, Gregory Hines, Richard Libertini, Wallace Shawn, Ray Manzarek. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was poorly received at the box office.


Wathena, Kansas

Wathena is a city in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,246 people live in Wathena.

Zap! Snowboarding Trix

The Lords of Flatbush

The Lords of Flatbush is a 1974 American coming of age drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and starring Sylvester Stallone, Perry King, Henry Winkler, Susan Blakely, Armand Assante. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Love and Death

Love and Death is a 1975 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also starred) and starring Diane Keaton, James Tolkan, Harold Gould, Zvee Scooler, Aubrey Morris, Jessica Harper. It was distributed by United Artists.

The Killer Elite

The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller movie directed by Sam Peckinpah and based on the Robert Syd Hopkins novel "Monkey in the Middle". It stars James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, Tiana Alexandra and it was distributed by United Artists.

Inserts (movie)

Inserts is a 1975 British drama movie directed by John Byrum and stars Richard Dreyfuss, Jessica Harper, Bob Hoskins, Veronica Cartwright. It was distributed by United Artists and was a box office disappointment. The movie is rated NC-17 by the MPAA.

Chester railway station

Chester railway station is a mainline railway station in the Newtown area of Chester in Cheshire, England.

The station, and the majority of trains that stop there, is managed by Transport for Wales. However, Avanti West Coast, Northern Trains and Merseyrail trains also stop at the station. 

Between 1875 and 1969, the station was known as Chester General to distinguish it from the now closed Chester Northgate. 


Souleuvre-en-Bocage

Souleuvre-en-Bocage is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Beaulieu, Le Bény-Bocage (the seat), Bures-les-Monts, Campeaux, Carville, Étouvy, La Ferrière-Harang, La Graverie, Malloué, Montamy, Mont-Bertrand, Montchauvet, Le Reculey, Saint-Denis-Maisoncelles, Sainte-Marie-Laumont, Saint-Martin-des-Besaces, Saint-Martin-Don, Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces, Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine and Le Tourneur.


Not3s

Lukman Olanrewaju Odunaike (born 17 April 1998), better known by his stage name Not3s (pronounced Notes), is an English rapper, singer-songwriter and actor from Hackney, London. He is of Yoruba descent, an ethnic group that inhabits western Africa but mainly Nigeria and Benin. 

Notable Not3s songs include, ""My Lover"" and ""Fine Line"". Both of those songs are collaborations with Mabel. His breakthrough song, ""Addison Lee"", has been described as a viral hit and achieved a lot of popularity for him. The song, which takes its name from the London taxi firm, achieved so much popularity that the artist was invited to the company's Christmas party in KOKO to perform the song.

Mabel (singer)

Mabel Alabama-Pearl McVey (born 19 February 1996), is an English singer and songwriter based in London. 

She is the daughter of Swedish singer Neneh Cherry and English record producer Cameron McVey. Her step-grandfather is American jazz trumpeter Don Cherry. She is the half-sister of singer Marlon Roudette.

Mabel's career began in 2015 with her debut single, ""Know Me Better"". It was discovered by BBC Radio 1 DJ Annie Mac, who made it the “Tune of the Week” on her program.

In May 2017, she released ""Finders Keepers"", a song featuring English rapper Kojo Funds, which reached the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart. Later the same year, she released her debut EP ""Bedroom"", as well as a mixtape, ""Ivy to Roses"". In 2018, she was featured on ""Ring Ring"" alongside American rapper Rich the Kid and English DJ Jax Jones.

In January 2019, she was nominated for British Breakthrough Act at the 39th Brit Awards. On 7 June 2019, she released "Mad Love", the second single from her debut studio album, "High Expectations". The song debuted at number 18 in the UK, later peaking at number 8.

In June 2022, she performed at Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee concert. 

Shohreh Aghdashloo

Shohreh Aghdashloo () (born Shohreh Vaziri-Tabar; May 11, 1952) is an Iranian-American actress. Her first major part was in 1977 on the movie "The Report". She became well known for her part in "House of Sand and Fog" which she was considered for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Aghdashloo currently has a starring role in "The Expanse". In 2013, she wrote a book about herself called "The Alley of Love and Yellow Jasmines".

Aghdashloo was born in Tehran, Iran. Her parents were Effie al-Sadat and Anushiravan Vaziri-Tabar and she has three brothers: Shahram, Shahriar and Shahrokh. At the age of 19, Aghdashloo married painter Aydin Aghdashloo in 1972. During this time, she went to classes on theater even though her parents did not approve. She and Aydin divorced in 1979 when she left Iran for England during the Iranian Revolution.

She went to Brunel University and earned a Bachelor's degree in international relations. Later, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue her acting career. She later became a U.S. Citizen. In 1987, she married actor and playwright Houshang Touzie. She was born to a Muslim family, but says she never practiced the religion.

Iranic peoples

The Iranic peoples also sometimes called Iranian peoples, are a ethno-linguistic group who speak Iranian languages, a branch of the Indo-European languages.

Modern Iranian peoples include the Kurds, Lurs, Mazanderanis, Ossetians, Azerbaijanis, Tats, Tajiks, Balochs, Talyshs, Zazas, Pashtuns, Pamiris, Yaghnobis, Wakhis, Persians and Gilaks.

Historical Iranic peoples include the; Alans, Scythians, Dahae, Sakas, Medes, Bactrians, Sogdians, Sarmatians, Parthians, Khwarezmians, Cimmerians, and Daylamites.



Kudensee

Kudensee is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Brebel

Brebel () is a former municipality of the district Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On 1 March 2018, it is part of the municipality of Süderbrarup.

Ahlefeld

Ahlefeld is a former municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On 1 March 2008, it was merged with Bistensee to form the new municipality of Ahlefeld-Bistensee.

Ahlefeld-Bistensee

Ahlefeld-Bistensee is a municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It was created on 1 March 2008 from the former municipalities Ahlefeld and Bistensee.

Bäk

Bäk is a municipality of the district Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Mason County, Washington

Mason County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Shelton. At the 2020 census, 65,726 people lived there.

San Juan County, Washington

San Juan County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Friday Harbor. At the 2020 census, 17,788 people lived there.

Skagit County, Washington

Skagit County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Mount Vernon. At the 2020 census, 129,523 people lived there.

Ruy López de Segura

Ruy López de Segura was a Spanish chess player, author, and priest who may have invented the Ruy Lopez chess opening.

Stevens County, Washington

Stevens County is a county in Washington in the United States. It is along the Canada–US border. The county seat is Colville. At the 2020 census, 46,445 people lived there.

The county was created on January 20, 1863. It is named after Isaac Stevens, the first governor of Washington Territory.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (2.5%) is water.





Elvis (disambiguation)

Elvis Presley (1935-1977) was an American singer and actor also known as simply Elvis.

Elvis may also refer to:








Snipping Tool

Snipping Tool is a screenshot tool that is made by Microsoft. It is a part of Windows Vista and later Windows operating systems. It can take a screenshot of an open window, rectangular areas, free-form areas, or all of the screen. Snipping Tool also has simple editing tools, like different colored pens, an eraser, and a highlighter.

A delay option was added to Snipping Tool on June 2015. The delay option lets the program wait from 0 to 5 seconds before making a screenshot. It was replaced on October 2018 by a similar program, Snip & Sketch.

Dries Holten

Dries (Andres) Holten (30 January 1936 – 15 April 2020) was a Dutch singer-songwriter. He represented the Netherlands at the 1972 Eurovision Song Contest alongside Sandra Reemer. After he and Reemer broke up Holten formed a new group with Rosy Pereira and called it Rosy & Andres. In 1980 Holten final group was of him and Ria Shield Meyer. He was born in Cimahi, Dutch East Indies.

Holten died on 15 April 2020 of cancer in Oostrum, Netherlands at the age of 84.

Norbert Blüm

Norbert Blüm (21 July 1935 – 23 April 2020) was a German politician. He was federal legislator from North Rhine-Westphalia, chairman of the CDU North Rhine-Westphalia (1987–1999), and minister of labor and social affairs from 1982 to 1988. His slogan "The pension is safe" ("Die Rente ist sicher") has been remembered. He was a member of the German Bundestag from 1972 to 1981 and from 1983 to 2002. 

Blüm was born in Rüsselsheim am Main, then Nazi Germany. Due to a sepsis he was paralyzed in arms and legs since 2019. He died on 23 April 2020 in Bonn, Germany at the age of 84.

Abdullah al-Hamid

Abdullah Hamid Ali al-Hamid () or Abu Bilal (12 July 1950 – 24 April 2020) was a Saudi poet, Arabic professor, human rights activist and a co-founder of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA). He was in prison many times for supporting the creation of a constitutional monarchy in Saudi Arabia. He was born in Buraidah, Saudi Arabia. 

In 2018, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award, together with other jailed activists and Waleed Abulkhair for "their visionary and courageous efforts, guided by universal human rights principles, to reform the totalitarian political system in Saudi Arabia."

al-Hamid was hospitalized after being electrocuted while in prison in Riyadh on 9 April 2020. He died of a stroke while in a coma on 24 April 2020, aged 69.

Dimitri Diatchenko

Dimitri Diatchenko (April 11, 1968 – April 21, 2020) was an American actor and musician. He was born in San Francisco, California. He was known for playing Russian villain roles. His best known roles were as Russian henchmen in "Get Smart" and "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull". He also played Yuri in "Chernobyl Diaries".

Diatchenko was found dead in his home in Coral Gables, Florida on April 21, 2020 of a heart attack, aged 52.

He was half ukrainian and half german.

Mircea Mureșan

Mircea Mureșan (11 November 1928 – 24 April 2020) was a Romanian movie director. He directed 22 movies, beginning in 1961. Mureșan won the prize for Best First Work at the 1966 Cannes Film Festival for the movie "Răscoala". He also directed "Blestemul pământului, blestemul iubirii" and "Toate pînzele sus".

Mureșan died on 24 April 2020 in Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania at the age of 91.

Lynn Faulds Wood

Lynn Faulds Wood (25 March 1948 – 24 April 2020) was a Scottish television presenter and journalist. She was born in Glasgow. She was known for her works on "TV-am", "BBC Breakfast Time", "Watchdog", "GMTV" and "Watchdog: Test House". She worked for the BBC and ITV. 

Wood died on 24 April 2020 of a stroke, aged 72.


Regency (brandy)

Regency is a Thai brandy brand from Singha Corporation. It is the company that produce the beer Singha. The brandy is moderately successful.

Xipaya language

Xipaya (or Shipaja or Xipaia) is a language used by people in Pará, Brazil. It is one of the 70 Tupian languages of South America. 

Babylonian numerals

Babylonian cuneiform numerals were written in cuneiform, using a wedge-tipped reed stylus to make a mark on a soft clay tablet which would be exposed in the sun to harden to create a permanent record.

The Babylonians, who were famous for their astronomical observations, as well as their calculations (aided by their invention of the abacus), used a sexagesimal (base-60) positional numeral system inherited from either the Sumerian or the Eblaite civilizations. Neither of the predecessors was a positional system (having a convention for which 'end' of the numeral represented the units).

Ilocos Norte

Ilocos Norte () is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Ilocos region. The capital is Laoag City.

Hamel, Illinois

Hamel is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Coal Valley, Illinois

Coal Valley is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Ascoux

Ascoux is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Guimaras

Guimaras (; ; ) is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Western Visayas region. The capital is Jordan.

Tekamah, Nebraska

Tekamah is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Burt County.

National symbols of India

The modern Republic of India (Hindi: ); has several official National symbols including a historical document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower as well as several national heroes. All the symbols were picked up at various times. The design of the national flag was officially adopted by the Constituent Assembly just 21 days before Independence, on the 24th of July in 1947. There are also several other patriotic symbols including the national animal, bird, fruit, flower and tree. These have all been selected carefully to project the image of to reflect Indian culture and beliefs and also the positive tributes often associated with Indian traditions respectively.



Burwell, Nebraska

Burwell is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Garfield County.

Sawyerville, Illinois

Sawyerville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Anthony Edwards

Anthony Charles Edwards (born July 19, 1962) is an American actor and director. He is most widely known for his role as Dr. Mark Greene on the first eight seasons of "ER", for which he received a Golden Globe award and six Screen Actors Guild Awards, and was nominated for four consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards. Additionally, he has appeared in various movies and television shows, including "Top Gun", "Zodiac", "Miracle Mile", "Revenge of the Nerds", "Planes", "Northern Exposure" and "Designated Survivor".


Michael Chiklis

Michael Charles Chiklis (born August 30, 1963) is an American actor, television director and television producer. He is best known for his role as LAPD Detective Vic Mackey on the FX police drama "The Shield", for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2002, and was nominated in 2003. He is also known for playing Commissioner Tony Scali on the ABC police drama "The Commish", The Thing in two "Fantastic Four" movies, and Jim Powell on the ABC science-fiction comedy-drama "No Ordinary Family". Additionally, he co-starred as Vincent Savino in the CBS crime drama "Vegas". In 2014 Chiklis joined the cast of "American Horror Story" for its fourth season, "". The following year he was cast as Nathaniel Barnes, in the second season of "Gotham""," as a series regular.


Scavenger Hunt

Scavenger Hunt is a 1979 American comedy movie directed by Michael Schultz and stars Richard Benjamin, James Coco, Ruth Gordon, Cloris Leachman, Roddy McDowall, Robert Morley, Tony Randall, Richard Mulligan, Meat Loaf, Vincent Price, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Stephen Furst, Julie Anne Haddock. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and suffered from bad reviews.

Andy Kindler

Andy Kindler (born October 16, 1956) is an American comedian from Queens, New York.

Majority government

A majority government is when a ruling party (or multiple ruling parties) has more than half the seats in a legislature. This is different from a minority government, when the party with the most seats in a legislature has less than half the seats, and a coalition government, when multiple different parties work together to govern. Usually when elections happen, the parties try to win a majority government. This is because majority governments let them pass all their legislation.

Sometimes, when parties have a very stable coalition for a very long time, people call it a majority government. One example of this is in Australia, where the Liberal and National have parties have worked together in a coalition for several decades.


John and Mary (movie)

John and Mary is a 1969 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Peter Yates. It was based on the novel of the same name by Mervyn Jones. It stars Dustin Hoffman, Mia Farrow, Tyne Daly, Olympia Dukakis, Stanley Beck, Michael Tolan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


No Place to Hide (1973 movie)

No Place to Hide is a 1973 American political thriller movie directed by Robert Allen Schnitzer and starring Sylvester Stallone. In 1990, the film was re-edited, this time as a comedy film titled A Man called Rambo.


The Onion Field (movie)

The Onion Field is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by Harold Becker and based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Joseph Wambaugh. It stars James Woods, John Savage, Ted Danson, Franklyn Seales, Priscilla Pointer, Ronny Cox, Christopher Lloyd, and was distributed by Embassy Pictures.


Cagayan Valley

Cagayan Valley is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region II. It is in the northeastern part of Luzon Island. The capital is Tuguegarao City.

It has five provinces: Batanes, Cagayan, Isabela, Nueva Vizcaya, and Quirino. 

Most of the region is in a large valley, between the Cordilleras and the Sierra Madre mountain ranges. The Cagayan River flows from the Caraballo Mountains to the Luzon Strait. The region includes the Babuyan Islands and Batanes Islands to the north.

Daylesford, Victoria

Daylesford is a town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the foothills of the Great Dividing Range, within the Shire of Hepburn, and about 108 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. The town was first settled in 1852 as a gold-mining town. There were 2,548 people living in Daylesford in 2016.

The area around the town, including Hepburn Springs to the north, is known for its natural spring mineral spas. Over 80 per cent of Australia's sparkling mineral water is found in this area.

Daylesford is one of Australia's few spa towns. Many people visit for the spas, as well as the restaurants and galleries. It is also the filming location for the third season of The Saddle Club.

The area was the home of the Djadja Wurrung Aborigines. Farmers began to move into the district in 1838. In 1848, Irish immigrant John Egan took up land on the future town site then known as Wombat Flat. He and a party of searchers found gold in 1851 on land now covered by Lake Daylesford. This started a local gold rush. More gold was found around the area. The town site was surveyed and founded in 1852. At first the town was called Wombat, and later renamed Daylesford.

In 1859 there were 3400 people digging for gold. The post office opened on 1 February 1858 and a telegraph office was opened in August 1859. Daylesford was declared a municipality in 1859 and a borough in the early 1860s.

By the 1860s all the alluvial gold had been found. Large mines were built to get the gold that was found underground in the quartz reefs. Mining continued until the 1930s. In later years Daylesford became associated as being a fashionable spa resort, this ended during the Great Depression. In the 1990s it became fashionable again.

The Daylesford Magistrates' Court closed on 1 January 1990.

Daylesford is above sea level. It has a cooler, wetter climate than Melbourne. Summer (January–February) temperatures range from . July temperatures are cold, ranging from about to . Annual precipitation, occasionally falling as snow, averages about . In some years, rainfall has been as low as to over in other years.

The Daylesford-Hepburn Springs area, has 65 mineral springs. This is more than 80 per cent of Australia’s known mineral water springs. As a result, there are a number of spa developments including Hepburn Bathhouse &amp; Spa, Mineral Spa at Peppers Springs Retreat and Salus Spa, Lake House. The town holds a number of annual events, including the ChillOut Festival in March each year, the largest gay and lesbian festival in rural and regional Australia; the Harvest Week Festival; the lavender festival; and the Hepburn Springs Swiss Italian Festival celebrating the town's Swiss-Italian heritage.

Major industries in the economy of Daylesford today are healthcare, accommodation and food, and retail trade.

The town has several primary schools and one public secondary school, Daylesford Secondary College. The secondary college began as a mining school in 1890. Other schools include Daylesford Primary School, St. Michael's Primary School, and Daylesford Dharma School.

The Midland Highway runs directly through the town. It links to Castlemaine in the north and Ballarat in the south-west.

The railway to the town closed in 1978. The railway layout at Daylesford station was unusual in that the lines from Creswick and Carlsruhe both entered the station from the same end. The Daylesford Spa Country Railway currently operates a Sunday tourist service to Musk and Bullarto along the line towards Carlsruhe.

The town has an Australian Rules football team which plays in the Central Highlands Football League.
There is also the Daylesford and Hepburn United Soccer Club also known as the Saints .The Saints have won four league titles in their 20-year history along with two cup finals.




Calabarzon

Calabarzon is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Southern Tagalog Mainland or Region IV-A. It is on Luzon island. The capital is Calamba.

The region has five provinces: Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, and Quezon. There is also one independent city: Lucena.

Bicol Region

The Bicol Region is a region of the Philippines. It is also known as Region V. The regional center and largest city is Legazpi City.

Bicol has six provinces. Four are on the Bicol Peninsula mainland – Albay, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, and Sorsogon. Two are the island provinces of Catanduanes and Masbate.

Mayon is the tallest volcano in the region. Mount Bulusan is the other active volcano in the region.

Western Visayas

Western Visayas is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region VI. The regional center is Iloilo City.

It has six provinces: Aklan, Antique, Capiz, Guimaras, Iloilo and Negros Occidental. There are also two independent cities: Bacolod City and Iloilo City. Western Visayas has the islands of Panay and the smaller Guimaras, as well as several outlying islands. It also includes the western half of the island of Negros.

Eastern Visayas

Eastern Visayas is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region VIII. The regional center is Tacloban.

There are three main islands: Samar, Leyte and Biliran. The region has six provinces, one independent city and one highly urbanized city. The provinces are Biliran, Leyte, Northern Samar, Samar, Eastern Samar, Southern Leyte. The cities are Ormoc and Tacloban.

The region is known for its famous landmark, the San Juanico Bridge.

Zamboanga Peninsula

Zamboanga Peninsula is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region IX. The regional center is Pagadian.

The region has three provinces (Zamboanga del Norte, Zamboanga Sibugay and Zamboanga del Sur) and two cities (Isabela City and Zamboanga City).

Northern Mindanao

Northern Mindanao is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region X. The regional center is Cagayan de Oro.

It has five provinces: Bukidnon, Camiguin, Misamis Occidental, Misamis Oriental, and Lanao del Norte.

Davao Region

Davao Region is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region XI. Its regional center is Davao City. 

There are five provinces: Davao de Oro, Davao del Norte, Davao del Sur, Davao Oriental, and Davao Occidental.

Soccsksargen

Soccsksargen (sometimes stylised as SOCCSKSARGEN) is an administrative region of the Philippines. It is also known as Region XII. The regional center is Koronadal.

There are four provinces and 1 city. They are South Cotabato, Cotabato, Sultan Kudarat, Sarangani and General Santos. 

Mindanao River is in the region. It empties into the Illana Bay of the larger Moro Gulf.

Caraga

Caraga is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region XIII. It is on the northeastern part of the island of Mindanao. Butuan is the regional administrative center.

There are five provinces: Agusan del Norte, Agusan del Sur, Dinagat Islands, Surigao del Norte, and Surigao del Sur.

Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao

The Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao was an autonomous region of the Philippines. It was in the Mindanao island group of the Philippines.

There were 5 provinces: Basilan (except Isabela City), Lanao del Sur, Maguindanao, Sulu, and Tawi-Tawi. It was the only region that had its own government.

Bangsamoro

The Bangsamoro is an autonomous region in the southern Philippines. It is officially named the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao or BARMM.

It replaced the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in 2019.

The region includes Lake Lanao, one of the 17 most ancient lakes in the world. The Sulu archipelago region includes the Turtle Islands Wildlife Sanctuary (a UNESCO tentative site), Bongao Peak, and the Basilan Rainforest. Majority of the population in this region follow Islam. The capital city is Marawi.

Cordillera Administrative Region

Cordillera Administrative Region is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is on the island of Luzon. The regional center is Baguio.

It was created on July 15, 1987. There are 6 provinces: Abra, Apayao, Benguet, Ifugao, Kalinga and Mountain Province.

Mount Pulag, the highest mountain in Luzon, is in the region. Rivers include the Chico River, Abulog, and Siffu River. Tourist sites include Banaue Rice Terraces, Cassamata Hill National Park, and Balbalasang-Balbalan National Park.

Peter Neil Galgut

Dr. Peter Neil Galgut, PhD is a British periodontist and lecturer based out of London, England. Galgut was named "UK National Dentist of the Year Award" in 2010 and in 2013. Galgut has published several peer reviewed research papers on Periodontology.
Galgut was born and raised in Pretoria, South Africa. Galgut attended and and where he qualified as a dentist in 1971.

Galgut began his professional career working for the National Health Service, where he served as a general dentist for eight years. Subsequently, he went on to qualify as a Periodontist in University College London (UCL) and a Dento-Legal Expert Witness in . In 2016, the latter earned him the Expert Witness Award in Periodontology.




One More Train to Rob

One More Train to Rob is a 1971 American western movie by Andrew McLaglen and starring George Peppard, Diana Muldar, John Vernon, France Nuyen, Soon-Tek Oh, Hal Needham. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.



The Executioner (1970 movie)

The Executioner is a 1970 British spy thriller movie directed by Sam Wanamaker and starring George Peppard, Joan Collins, Judy Geeson, Charles Gray, Nigel Patrick, Keith Michell. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. 


Cannon for Cordoba

Cannon for Cordoba is a 1970 American romantic western movie directed by Paul Wendkos and starring George Peppard, Pete Duel, Giovanna Ralli, Raf Vallone, Francine York, Hans Meyer. It was distributed by United Artists.


International Science and Engineering Fair

The Regeneron International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) is an annual science fair in the United States, and is owned and administered by the Society for Science & the Public a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Washington, D.C.. 

Each May, more than 1500 students from roughly 70 countries and territories compete in the fair for scholarships, tuition grants, internships, scientific field trips and the grand prizes, including one $75,000 and two $50,000 college scholarships. 

All prizes together amount to over $4,070,000. Two awards ceremonies are held including: Special Awards Organization Presentation (which now includes the Government Awards Presentations) and the Grand Awards Ceremony. The International Science and Engineering Fair was founded in 1950 by Science Service (now the Society for Science & the Public) and was sponsored by the Intel Corporation from 1997 to 2019. 

ISEF alumni include: 


Pretty Poison (movie)

Pretty Poison is a 1968 American black comedy movie. It was directed by Noel Black. The movie is based on the novel "She Let Him Continue" by Stephen Geller. It stars Anthony Perkins, Tuesday Weld, Beverly Garland, and Clarice Blackburn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is a cult movie.


Ebrahim Amini

Ebrahim Amini (30 June 1925 – April 24, 2020) was an Iranian politician. He was a member of the Assembly of Experts from 1983 to 2007 and again from 2016 to 2020. He was also a member of the Expediency Discernment Council. He was a possible candidate to become the next Iranian Supreme Leader.

Amini was known as a critic of the government of former president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad.

Amini died at a hospital on April 24, 2020 in Qom, Iran at the age of 94.

Captain Tom Moore

Captain Sir Thomas Moore (30 April, 1920 – 2 February, 2021), popularly known as Captain Tom, was a former British Army officer. He was known for his philanthropic work. Moore was in India and the Burma campaign during the Second World War. He later became an instructor in armoured warfare.

Moore was born on 30 April 1920 to British parents. His father was from of a family of builders, and his mother was a head teacher. Moore went to Keighley Grammar School.

After the war, he worked as managing director of a concrete company and was a motorcycle racer. He was born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire.

On 6 April 2020, at the age of 99, he began to walk around his garden to raise money for NHS Charities Together during the COVID-19 pandemic, with the goal of raising £1,000 by his hundredth birthday. By 27 April he had raised over £29 million. He co-recorded a cover version of the song "You'll Never Walk Alone", which was at the top of the UK music charts and made him the oldest person in history to have a number one single.

On 6 July 2020 Queen Elizabeth II made him a knight.

In December 2020 Moore took a family holiday to Barbados after British Airways paid for his flight.

On 31 January 2021, Moore was taken to Bedford Hospital after testing positive for COVID-19 and being treated for pneumonia. On 2 February, he died from the illness aged 100.

Grandma Lee

Frances Lee Strong (May 29, 1934 – April 24, 2020), better known by her stage name Grandma Lee, was an American stand-up comedian. Lee was a contestant on the fourth season of "America's Got Talent". She was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

In 2009, she participated on the reality series "America's Got Talent". Although she made it to the top 10, she was in the bottom 5 and was eliminated from the competition in the finale on September 16, 2009. She told "People", "[My] material is based on the truth. I won’t say a cuss word or anything to jeopardize [myself]. I can do clean or edgy."

Strong died on April 24, 2020 at an assisted living facility in Jacksonville, Florida from problems caused by a broken hip, aged 85.

Stefan Lippe

Stefan Lippe (October 11, 1955 – April 24, 2020), was a German insurance manager. He was the CEO of Swiss Re from 2009 until 2012. He then co-founded Acqupart Holding AG, where he was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Acqufin AG. He also co-founded Paperless Inc. He became an AXA Director in 2012 and Chairman of the AXA Audit Committee in 2013.

Lippe died on April 24, 2020 of COVID-19-related problems, aged 64.

The Statler Brothers

The Statler Brothers (sometimes simply referred to The Statlers) were an American country music, gospel, and vocal group. The quartet was formed in 1955 performing locally and, in 1964, they began singing backup for Johnny Cash until 1972.

Don Reid sang lead; Harold Reid, Don's older brother, sang bass; Phil Balsley sang baritone; and Lew DeWitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the Statlers before being replaced by Jimmy Fortune in 1983 due to DeWitt's ill health. 

DeWitt continued to perform as a solo artist until his death on August 15, 1990, from heart and kidney disease. On April 24, 2020, Harold Reid died of kidney failure.

The Squad (United States Congress)

The Squad is the unofficial name for a group of eight Democratic Representaives elected in the 2018, 2020 and 2022 congressional elections in the United States House of Representatives. 

Members are Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Jamaal Bowman of New York; Ilhan Omar of Minnesota; Ayanna Pressley of Massachusetts; Cori Bush of Missouri; Rashida Tlaib of Michigan; Greg Casar of Texas and Summer Lee of Pennsylvania.

All members are people of color, Democrats, and when elected, were under 50 years old. It has been said The Squad reflects the diversity of a younger political generation inspired by Bernie Sanders's 2016 presidential campaign. Ocasio-Cortez named the original group of four--Omar, Pressley, Ocasio-Cortez and Tlaib--"The Squad" in an Instagram post a week after election day 2018. 

The average age of the Squad was 38.3 years as of mid-2019, nearly twenty years younger than the overall House average age of 57.6 years.

On July 14, 2019, President Donald Trump tweeted that The Squad should "go back and help fix the totally broken and [dangerous] places from which they came. Then come back and show us how it is done." Many saw this comment as racist, especially because all are American citizens (Omar became a naturalized citizen in her youth). The next day, The Squad members responded "we are here to stay" in a news conference." Trump responded with more tweets.

On July 15, 2019, Ocasio-Cortez responded to Trump in a tweet: "It’s important to note that the President’s words yday ["sic"], telling four American Congresswomen of color 'go back to your own country,' is hallmark language of white supremacists. Trump feels comfortable leading the GOP into outright racism, and that should concern all Americans."

According to CNN, members of the Squad are highly known for "their criticism of the U.S. relationship with Israel". After the beginning of the Israel-Hamas War, six members of the Squad were part of 10 House Representatives to vote against a resolution condemning Hamas. Pressly and Casar voted "present". In a statement after the attack, Squad member Rashida Tlaib called Israel an "apartheid state".

Members of the Squad, such as Ilhan Omar, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and Rashida Tlaib are against Islamophobia.

Hiram Johnson

Hiram Warren Johnson (September 2, 1866August 6, 1945) was an American progressive Republican politician.

He was the 23rd Governor of California from 1911 to 1917 and a United States Senator from 1917 to 1945. He was also Theodore Roosevelt's running mate in the 1912 presidential election on the Progressive (also known as the "Bull Moose") ticket.

Johnson unsuccessfully ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 1920 and 1924 and supported Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in the 1932 presidential election. 

Johnson supported many of the New Deal programs but came to oppose Roosevelt as his presidency grew longer. Johnson remained in the Senate until his death in 1945 from cerebral thrombosis.


Hemostasis

Hemostasis or haemostasis is a process to prevent and stop bleeding, meaning to keep blood within a damaged blood vessel (the opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage). 

It is the first stage of wound healing. This involves coagulation, blood changing from a liquid to a gel. Intact blood vessels are important to moderating blood's tendency to form clots.

The word "hemostasis" (, "sometimes" ) uses the combining forms "hemo-" and "-stasis", New Latin from Ancient Greek αἱμο- "haimo-" (akin to αἷμα "haîma"), "blood", and στάσις stásis, "stasis", yielding "motionlessness or stopping of blood".

Wound healing

When person is wounded, the tissue at the wound is damaged. Many organisms can replace this damaged tissue with new tissue. This occurs in several steps, and is generally known as tissue healing, or wound healing. 

In undamaged skin, the epidermis (surface layer) and dermis (deeper layer) form a protective barrier against the external environment. When the barrier is broken, biochemical events repair the damage. This process is divided into predictable phases: blood clotting (hemostasis), inflammation, tissue growth (proliferation), and tissue remodelling (maturation). Blood clotting may be seen as part of the inflammation stage instead of a separate stage.

In general, after the wound is fully healed, a scar will remain. Even after the scar has appeared remodelling processes take place. It can take a very long time until this scar has reached its final form.

Sometimes complications from wound healing can occur. A common one is infections during the healing process, which will lead to more scars or larger ones. 

This process is not limited to humans, but it does not apply to organisms with a hard exoskeleton such as arthropods.

Devanand Konwar

Devanand Konwar (1943 – 25 April 2020) was an Indian politician. In 2009, he became the Governor of West Bengal and Bihar. In 2010, he retired as West Bengal Governor. In 2013, he retired as Bihar Governor to become Governor of Tripura. He retired in 2014.

Konwar died on 25 April 2020, aged 77.

Ernest Courant

Ernest Courant (March 26, 1920 – April 21, 2020) was a German-born American physicist. He was important for the creation of modern large-scale particle accelerator concepts. 

His most notable discovery was his 1952 work with Milton S. Livingston and Hartland Snyder on the Strong focusing principle, a critical step in the development of modern particle accelerators like the synchrotron. 

Courant was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He worked at Brookhaven National Laboratory. 

He turned 100 in March 2020 and died the following month.

Stony Brook, New York

Stony Brook is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York. The population was 13,467 at the 2020 census.

Brookhaven, New York

The Town of Brookhaven is the most populous of the ten towns of Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. It is about 50 miles from Manhattan. It is the largest of New York State's 932 towns by area (when water area is included), and the second most populous after the Town of Hempstead. In the 2020 census, the population was 485,773 people.

Brookhaven has a major university called Stony Brook University.

Mahendra Kumar

Mahendra Kumar (1973 – 25 April 2020) was an Indian activist. He was in charge of the Karnataka branch of the Bajrang Dal, an Indian Hindu youth organisation. He was said to have been involved in the 2008 Christian attacks in Karnataka on 14 September 2008. 

He said he was in jail for 42 days in Mangalore before being released on conditional bail by Karnataka High Court. He was a critic of the Bharatiya Janata Party calling it a regime to "save the government from further embarrassment after the church attacks and on instructions from the Sangh Parivar leaders."

Kumar died on 25 April 2020 of a heart attack, aged 47.

Joel Rogosin

Joel Rogosin (October 30, 1932 – April 21, 2020) was an American television producer and screenwriter. He was known for producing such television series as "77 Sunset Strip", "The Virginian", "Ironside", "Magnum, P.I.", and "Knight Rider" from the 1960s to the 1990s. He was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on "Ironside" in 1970 and 1971, and received his third Emmy nomination for producing "Magnum, P.I." in 1983. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Rogosin died on April 21, 2020 in Los Angeles of COVID-19, aged 87.

E-mail attachment

An e-mail attachment is a computer file that is sent along with an e-mail message. The user can attach one or more files to any e-mail message. E-mail attachments are a simple method to share documents and images. A paper clip icon is usually used to signify an attachment.

Polymorphic code

Polymorphic code is computer code that is able to change itself, but also keep the exact instructions. The code can change every time it is run. Polymorphic code is sometimes used by computer viruses, worms and other malware so that they can hide from antivirus software.

Sobekneferu

Sobekneferu (sometimes called "Neferusobek") was a pharaoh of Egypt between 1806 to 1802 BC. She ruled after Amenemhat IV died. She was the last ruler of the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt. Her name means "the beauty of Sobek."

To Beast or Not To Beast

To Beast or Not To Beast is an album released by Lordi. It was released on 1 march 2013.


Chekkulam

Chekkulam is a village in Kozhencherry, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala State, India.

Chekkulam is situated about 2.5 km from Kozhencherry.

Chengara

Chengara is a small village in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala. The nearest towns to chengara are Konni which is of about 6 km and Pathanamthitta which is of about 10 km. Konni medical college is just 3 km away from the village.

The population is just above 1500. The literacy rate of the village is 99%.

1) Orakuzhi

Orakuzhi is a small Waterfalls, located at the Kizhakkupuram border of the village .This place is a common hang out place of the youths of chengara,

2) Meemooti thodu

Another water falls in chengara. This Waterfalls is more dangerous than orakuzhi. Here water falls into huge depth over a huge rock. The officials had a plan to build a small dam in the stream, but later they dropped the plan due to unfavorable result of the feasibility study.

3) Helipad

Private helipad is developed by Harrisons Malayalam limited for uses relating to the rubber plantation. However, it is not functioning now.

4) Harrisons Malayalam Rubber Plantation

Harrisons Malayalam Rubber Plantation is a rubber plantation which covers significant part of Chengara. The plantation area is more than 3000 acres.

5) Chemmani Rubber Plantation

Another rubber plantation in Chengara over 300 acres.

Various institutions in chengara are

1) Bethel Marthoma Church

2) St.George Orthodox Church Chengara ( chengara pally)

3) St. Patricks Malankara Catholic Church

4) Sree Mahadevar Temple

5) Chengara Service Co-operative Society, Ltd no : 3137.

6) G.C.S LP School, Chengara.

7) Chengara Pravasi Association

8) Chengara Post Office

9) Olive Mart Super Market

The village is frequently mentioned in the media due to a land struggle, popularly known as "Chengara Samaram", which is led by Laha Gopalan. The Sadu Jana Vimochana Samara Vedi (SJVSV) agitation began with hundreds of Vedi workers encroaching upon the Kumbazha Estate of Harrison Malayalam Limited at Chengara on 4 August 2007, demanding five acres of land for farming and Rs.50,000 towards initial farming expenses to each landless family among them. They pitched tents on the occupied land and started tapping the rubber trees at the estate for livelihood. The Vedi leader claims that 200 hectares of land at Chengara is under SJVSV occupation. Really the land struggle is not taking place in Chengara, but in Harrisons Malayalam Estate more than 3 km away, which is popularly known as Chengara estate. So it got the name "Chengara Samaram". A fact is that it is taking place on the Athumpumkulam border of the Harrisons Malayalam Estate not in the border of Chengara.


Chenneerkara

As of the 2011 India census, Chenneerkara had a population of 19124 people, with 8882 males, and 10242 females.

Govt UPS Erathumpamon


Riverton, Utah

Riverton is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 45,285 people live in Riverton.

Batangas

Batangas, officially the Province of Batangas ( ), is a province of the Philippines located in the Calabarzon region in Luzon. Its capital is the city of Batangas.

Biliran

Biliran (; Waray-Waray: "Probinsya han Biliran") is an island province of the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. The capital is Naval.

Benguet

Benguet (; Ibaloi: "Probinsya ne Benguet"; ; ; ) is a province of the Philippines located in the southern tip of the Cordillera Administrative Region in the island of Luzon. The capital is La Trinidad.

Whatcom County, Washington

Whatcom County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Bellingham. At the 2020 census, 226,847 people lived there.

Whitman County, Washington

Whitman County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Colfax. At the 2020 census, 47,973 people lived there. The county was created on November 29, 1871.

Landrecht, Germany

Landrecht is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Sankt Margarethen, Germany

Sankt Margarethen is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 820 people lived there.

Stördorf

Stördorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bekdorf

Bekdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The river Bekau flows through Bekdorf.

List of British national symbols

State symbols of the United Kingdom, is a list of the National symbols of the United Kingdom. This includes its constituent countries (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland).

Each entry has its own set of unique Symbols respectively. British things which are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Great Britain or British culture. Some are established, official symbols; for example, the Royal Arms of England, which has been codified in heraldry. Other symbols may not have official status, for one reason or another, but are likewise recognised at a National or International level.

English trait consist of symbols to represent Anglican traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Scottish trait includes symbols to represent Scottish and Celtic/Gaelic traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Welsh trait includes symbols to represent Welsh and Celtic traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Ray Hnatyshyn

Ramon John Hnatyshyn ( "Roman Hnatyshyn") (March 16, 1934 – December 18, 2002), known as Ray Hnatyshyn, was a Canadian politician who was the 24th Governor General of Canada. Before this, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for over 14 years.

Hnatyshyn was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was elected to the House of Commons for the first time in the 1974 federal election. He was part of the cabinet of two different Prime Ministers, Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney. He was chosen by Queen Elizabeth II to replace Jeanne Sauvé as the Governor General in 1989. He was sworn in on January 29, 1990. He was replaced as Governor General in 1995 by Roméo LeBlanc.

Hnatyshyn died on December 18, 2002.


Sega Touring Car Championship

Androscoggin County, Maine

Androscoggin County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 111,139. The county seat is Auburn.

Hancock County, Maine

Hancock County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 55,478. The county seat is Ellsworth.

Université Laval

Université Laval is a French-language public research university. It is in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It was created in 1852 by a royal charter by Queen Victoria.

The Séminaire de Québec was very important in setting the university up. They were the ones that funded the university and led it. This is why the name "Laval" comes from the Séminaire's founder, François de Laval.

Sheila Copps

Sheila Copps (born November 27, 1952) is a Canadian former politician. She was the deputy Prime Minister of Canada from 1993 to 1997. She was also a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada and a Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) in the Ontario Legislative Assembly. While Jean Chrétien was Prime Minister, she was a member of his cabinet.

Copps tried to become the leader of both the Ontario Liberal Party and the federal Liberal Party but she failed both times.


A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy

A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy is a 1982 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and based on the 1955 Ingmar Bergman's "Smiles of a Summer Night". It stars Mia Farrow, José Ferrer, Julie Hagerty, Tony Roberts, Mary Steenburgen, Michael Higgins and distributed by Warner Bros. The movie was nominated for one Razzie in 1983.

Play It Again, Sam (movie)

Play It Again, Sam is a 1972 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and based on the 1969 play of the same name by Woody Allen (who also stars). It stars Diane Keaton, Tomy Roberts, Susan Anspach, Jerry Lacy, Jennifer Salt and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Hide in Plain Sight

Hide in Plain Sight is a 1980 American drama movie directed by James Caan (who also starred) and based on the novel of the same name by Leslie Waller. It stars Jill Eikenberry, Robert Viharo, Kenneth McMillan, Danny Aiello, Danny Clennon, Beatrice Winde, Josef Sommer and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Front

The Front is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and written by Walter Bernstein. It stars Woody Allen, Zero Mostel, Danny Aiello, Michael Murphy and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Dan Croll

Daniel Francis Croll (born 18 July 1990) is an English singer-songwriter from Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire who is currently based in Liverpool, Merseyside.

Croll was born in the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the county of Staffordshire. At the age of 18, he moved to Liverpool to attend the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA). While attending the institute, he won the national "Songwriter of the Year" award from the Musicians' Benevolent Fund and was one of eight students picked to have a one-to-one with LIPA founder Paul McCartney.

His debut single, ""From Nowhere"", was released on 24 September 2012. He released his second single ""Compliment Your Soul"" in March 2013. This was followed up by the release of ""In/Out"" in July the same year. On 13 October 2013, Croll released the song ""Home"" on his own VEVO channel on YouTube. His song ""Compliment Your Soul"" was included in the soundtrack of "FIFA 14", a football video game. As well as FIFA, a remix of ""From Nowhere"", titled ""From Nowhere (Baardsen Remix)"", was featured on the soundtrack of "Grand Theft Auto V".

The Long Goodbye (movie)

The Long Goodbye is a 1973 American crime thriller movie directed by Robert Altman and based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Raymond Chandler. It stars Elliott Gould, Sterling Hayden, Nina Van Pallandt, Jim Bouton, Mark Rydell, Arnold Schwarzenegger and was distributed by United Artists.

Benishangul-Gumuz Region

Benishangul-Gumuz is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Assosa. The name of the region comes from two local ethnic groups – Berta (also called as Benishangul) and Gumuz.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Benishangul-Gumuz is divided into administrative zones.

Madeon

Hugo Pierre Leclercq (born 30 May 1994), better known by his stage name Madeon, is a French DJ and music producer from Nantes, Brittany who is currently based in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Leclercq initially came to widespread public attention through a video he uploaded to YouTube, "Pop Culture", where he performed a mash-up of 39 different popular songs in real-time using a Novation Launchpad. The video received millions of views in its first few days of release.

His first EP, "The City", was released in 2012.


Dire Dawa

Dire Dawa is one of two chartered cities in Ethiopia. The other chartered city is Addis Ababa, the capital. It is divided administratively into two woredas, the city proper and the non-urban woreda of Gurgura.

It is on the Dechatu River. The western outskirts of the city are on the Gorro River.

The Dire Dawa University was created in 2006.


Subdivisions of Ethiopia

Ethiopia is administratively divided into regional states and chartered cities, zones, "woreda" (districts) and "kebele" (wards).

The 9 regional states or "kililoch" are based on ethnic territoriality:
Additionally there are two chartered cities:

The 9 regions are further divided into 68 zones.

Woreda or districts are smaller subdivisions.

Kebele are municipalities. They are the smallest administrative division.

Stafford railway station

Stafford railway station is a mainline railway station that serves the market town of Stafford in Staffordshire, England. It is situated on a the junction of the Trent Valley line branch of the West Coast Main Line and the Rugby–Birmingham–Stafford line.

The station is the second busiest in Staffordshire, the busiest being Stoke-on-Trent.

Other services which do not operate on a regular basis are also present at Stafford, including other Avanti West Coast services and Transport for Wales services.

Gambela Region

Gambela is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is also named Gambela.

It is between the Baro and Akobo River. Gambela National Park covers about 15% of the land.

The region is divided into:

Harari Region

Harari is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Harar. It is the homeland of the Harari people.

Unlike other regions in Ethiopia, Harari is not divided into zones. It is first divided into woredas and then kebeles.

The woredas are:

Somali Region

The Somali Regional State is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Jijiga.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Somali Region is divided into eleven administrative zones and Six Special administrative zones:


The zones are divided into districts.

Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region

Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region is a region in Ethiopia. It is also known as SNNPR. The capital city is Awasa.

The following list of administrative zones and special woredas is based on information from the 2007 census.



Arthur Fry

Arthur Fry (born 19 August 1931) is a retired American inventor and scientist. He is known as the co-creator of the Post-it Note. In 2010, Art Fry was added into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Fairmont, Minnesota

Fairmont is a city in and the county seat of Martin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 10,487 at the 2020 census.

Tigray Region

The Tigray Region is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Mekelle. Tigray is the homeland of the Tigrayan, Irob and Kunama peoples. The main language is Tigrinya.

Tigray has 1 international airport and 4 commercial airports. The international airport is Alula Aba Nega Airport. The 4 commercial airports are Shire Airport, Humera Airport, Dansha Airport, and Axum Atse Yohannes 4th Airport.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Tigray is divided into administrative zones:

Every August, people from Tigray State celebrate Ashenda. This is a girls' festival of song and dance.

Joseph S. Pulver Sr.

Joseph S. Pulver Sr. (July 5, 1955 – April 24, 2020) was an American horror novelist, editor and poet. Pulver Sr. was born in Schenectady, New York. Pulver started his publishing career in the early 1990s. His works focused from Robert Wiene's "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" to H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos and Robert W. Chambers' "King in Yellow". His best known works were "Nightmare's Disciple" and "The Orphan Palace".

Pulver Sr. died at a German hospital of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on April 24, 2020 at the age of 64.


Jocelyn Barrow

Dame Jocelyn Anita Barrow (15 April 1929 – 9 April 2020) was a British educator, community activist and politician. She was the Director for UK Development at Focus Consultancy Ltd. She was oppurtune to be the first black woman to be a governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) and she was the founder and Deputy Chair of the Broadcasting Standards Council.

Gasoline additives

Gasoline additives increase gasoline's octane rating or act as corrosion inhibitors or lubricants, thus allowing the use of higher compression ratios for greater efficiency and power.

Miguel Ángel Troitiño

Miguel Ángel Troitiño Vinuesa (1947 – 21 April 2020) was a Spanish geographer. He was a professor of human geography at the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM). He was an expert in cultural tourism and heritage preservation. He was born in El Arenal, Ávila, Spain.

He died of COVID-19 on 21 April 2020 in Madrid.

Duverger's law

In political science, Duverger's law holds that plurality-rule elections (such as "first past the post") structured within single-member districts tend to favor a two-party system, whereas "the double ballot majority system and proportional representation tend to favor multipartism". The law is attributed to French sociologist Maurice Duverger, who first observed it, and wrote several papers in the 1950s and 1960s. The idea is that someone taking a rational choice in a system with many parties will give his or her vote to a candidate who stands a chance of being elected, and not necessarily to the candidate of the party he or she supports most. This will mean that the votes will be for two candidates. One of them wlil be centre-left, the other cenre-right of the political spectrum. 

This approach has also been criticized: The effect only works if there are few lines of conflict (called cleavages) between the candidates. Examples for such line of conflict are rich voters vs. poor ones, Many societies also have other lines of conflict as well: Some people are more religious than others, ideas about idelogy and culture are different, often, there are ethnic minorities in parts of the country.

The classical example, where duverger's law worked was the United Kingdom: In 1974 and 2010, there was a third party (the Liberal Party, or the Liberal Democrats) were able to get enough seats in parliament to change this.

Novo-Ogaryovo

Novo-Ogaryovo is an estate near Moscow. Since 2000, it has been the residence of Vladimir Putin.

The Paper Chase (movie)

The Paper Chase is a 1973 American coming of age drama movie. It was directed by James Bridges. The movie is based on the 1971 novel by John Jay Osborn Jr.. Actors include: Timothy Bottoms, Lindsay Wagner, John Houseman, Blair Brown, James Naughton, and Graham Beckel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. 

It was nominated for three Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1974. Houseman won for Best Supporting Actor. There was a 1978 television series based on the movie. 


Savage Harvest

Savage Harvest is a 1981 American action adventure horror movie directed by Robert L. Collins and starring Tom Skerritt, Michelle Phillips, Anne-Marie Martin, Derek Partridge, Arthur Malet and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Newman's Law

Newman's Law is a 1974 American crime thriller movie directed by Richard T. Heffron and starring George Peppard, Eugene Roche, Roger Robinson, Louis Zorich, Abe Vigoda, David Spielberg, Kip Niven and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker

The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker is a 1971 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Lawrence Turman and based on novel of the same name by Charles Webb. It stars Richard Benjamin, Joanna Shimkus, Adam West, Elizabeth Ashley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

R. P. M.

R. P. M. is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Stanley Kramer, written by Erich Segal and starring Anthony Quinn, Ann-Margaret, Gary Lockwood, Paul Winfield, Graham Jarvis. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


AtariAge

AtariAge is a website that is mostly about classic Atari video games. It features gaming news, historical archives, discussion forums, and an online store. It was founded in 1998.

Atari Age is named after the 1982–84 "Atari Age" magazine. AtariAge also features a searchable database of many things related to Atari video games, including manuals, packaging art, estimated rarity, screenshots, reviews and more, and also an "Atari Age" magazine archive. A community of homebrew developers for Atari and other classic video game systems is also hosted. Some homebrew games AtariAge published first have been included in official video game compilations, such as "Activision Anthology".



Slaughterhouse-Five (movie)

Slaugherhouse-Five is a 1972 American science fiction comedy movie directed by George Roy Hill and based on the novel of the same name by Kurt Vonnegut. It stars Michael Sacks, Ron Leibman, Eugene Roche, Valerie Perrine, Kevin Conway, Roberts Blossom and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Summer Rental

Summer Rental is a 1985 American comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and starring John Candy, Joey Lawrence, Rip Torn, Karen Austin, Kerri Green, John Larroquette. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Plain text

Plain text is textual data. It represents characters of readable material. Plain text is fairly limited because it cannot contain any typesetting commands. It is often stored in a plain text file.

Summer School (1987 movie)

Summer School is a 1987 comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner (who also stars) and starring Mark Harmon, Kirstie Alley, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Dean Cameron. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Neelamperoor Padayani

Neelamperoor Padayani is a Padayani which happens in Neelamperoor Palli Bhagavathi Temple in Neelamperoor, Alappuzha district, Kerala, India.

The word Padayani means line of infantry. The name Padayani arrived due to the line formation of people like troops.

The mythology of Neelamperoor padayani lies with Cheraman Perumal.

It is believed that this festival is very old. It has the cultures of Hinduism and Buddhism. Chinese traveller Fa-Hien said this festival resembles a festival of Buddhists in Patna in his travelogue.


First Monday in October

First Monday in October is a 1981 American comedy drama movie directed by Ronald Neame and based on the play of the same name by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. It stars Walter Matthau, Jill Clayburgh, Barnard Hughes, Jan Sterling in her final feature movie role and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Charley Varrick

Charley Varrick is a 1973 American crime action thriller movie. It was directed by Don Siegel. Actors include: Walter Matthau, Andrew Robinson, Joe Don Baker, John Vernon, Felicia Farr. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is based on the novel "The Looters" by John H. Reese.

Matthau won the 1974 British Academy of Film and Television Arts Awards for Best Actor in "Charley Varrick". In addition, Frank Morriss was nominated for the 1974 BAFTA Award for Best Editing.

Earthquake (movie)

Earthquake is a 1974 American adventure drama movie. It was directed by Mark Robson. Actors include Charlton Heston, Ava Gardner, George Kennedy, Walter Matthau, Geneviève Bujold, Richard Roundtree, Lloyd Nolan, Lorne Greene, and Kip Niven. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The movie was nominated for 4 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1975. It won for Best Sound. It also received a Special Achievement Academy Award for Visual Effects.


Breaking Away

Breaking Away is a 1979 American comedy drama movie. It was directed by Peter Yates. Actors include: Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Paul Dooley, and Barbara Barrie. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The movie was nominated for 5 Oscars in 1980. It won for Best Original Screenplay. An unsuccessful TV series was made in 1980.

History of the World, Part I

History of the World, Part I is a 1981 American comedy movie written and directed by Mel Brooks. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mel Brooks also plays 5 roles: Moses, Comicus the stand-up philosopher, Tomás de Torquemada, King Louis XVI, and Jacques. The large group of actors includes: Madeline Kahn, Dom DeLuise, Harvey Korman, Cloris Leachman, Gregory Haines, Sid Caesar, Orson Welles, Spike Milligan. 

The movie was nominated for Worst Picture at the 1981 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards. Roger Ebert gave the movie two stars out of four.


Hex (1973 movie)

Hex is a 1973 American western horror movie. It was directed by Leo Garen. It starred Keith Carradine, Cristina Raines, Scott Glenn, Gary Busey, Hilary Thompson, and Dan Haggerty. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

"Hex" played at the Atlanta Film Festival on September 8, 1973. It won the festival's Golden Jury Award. Norman Mailer considered "Hex" one of the top-ten best movies of 1973.


Kolmogorov–Smirnov test

The Kolmogorov–Smirnov test is a test from statistics. This test is done either to show that two random variables follow the same distribution, or that one random variable follows a given distribution. It is named after Andrey Kolmogorov and Nikolai Smirnov.

Kennebec County, Maine

Kennebec County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 123,642. The county seat is Augusta, the state capital. The county was created on February 20, 1799.

Knox County, Maine

Knox County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 40,607. The county seat is Rockland.

Yaka language (Kivu)

Yaka is a minor Bantu language. It is spoken by some people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They mostly live on the north shore of Lake Kivu.

Made for Each Other (1971 movie)

Made for Each Other is a 1971 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert B. Bean and stars Paul Sorvino, Renee Taylor, Joseph Bologna, Olympia Dukakis, Candice Azzara, Louis Zorich. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Pandora and Giggy take part in a group therapy session. The shy girl and the smooth talker, who seem to have nothing in common, fall in love and create the event that will upset everyone around them.


Dreamer (1979 movie)

Dreamer is a 1979 American sports drama movie directed by Noel Nosseck and starring Tim Matheson, Susan Blakely, Jack Warden, Owen Bush, Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez, Morgan Farley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Norma Rae

Norma Rae is a 1979 American political drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and starring Sally Field, Beau Bridges, Ron Leibman, Pat Hingle, Barbara Baxley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and nominated for 4 Oscars and won 2 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1980.


Brenac

Brenac is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Quillan.

Caudeval

Caudeval is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Lambronne.

Conilhac-de-la-Montagne

Conilhac-de-la-Montagne is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac.

Argeliers

Argeliers is a commune of 2,139 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Argens-Minervois

Argens-Minervois is a commune of 347 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cahuzac, Aude

Cahuzac is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pech-Luna

Pech-Luna is a commune of 75 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Quillan

Quillan is a commune of 3,258 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Brenac became a part of the commune of Quillan.

Armissan

Armissan is a commune of 1,520 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arques, Aude

Arques is a commune of 254 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Port-la-Nouvelle

Port-la-Nouvelle is a commune of 5,567 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arquettes-en-Val

Arquettes-en-Val is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Artigues, Aude

Artigues is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arzens

Arzens is a commune of 1,238 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Aunat

Aunat is a commune of 67 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Auriac, Aude

Auriac is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Axat

Axat is a commune of 547 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Azille

Azille is a commune of 1,144 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Badens

Badens is a commune of 785 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bages, Aude

Bages is a commune of 803 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bagnoles

Bagnoles is a commune of 308 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Per Olov Enquist

Per Olov Enquist (23 September 1934 – 25 April 2020) was a Swedish author. He worked as a journalist, playwright and novelist. He became well-known around the world with his novel "The Visit of the Royal Physician" (1999). His awards include Nordic Council Literature Prize (1968), "Dobloug Prize" (1988), "Nelly Sachs Prize" (2003) and "Swedish Academy Nordic Prize" (2010). Some of his works have been translated from Swedish to English by Tiina Nunnally. 

Enquist was born in Hjoggböle, a village in present-day Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten. He died on 25 April 2020 in Vaxholm of multiple organ failure. He was 85.


Baraigne

Baraigne is a commune of 174 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Battle of Lade

The Battle of Lade was a naval battle which occurred in 494 BC. It was fought between an alliance of the Ionian cities (joined by the Lesbians) and the Persian Empire of Darius the Great. The Persians won the revolt and this led to the end of the war.

Barbaira

Barbaira is a commune of 750 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belcaire

Belcaire is a commune of 394 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belcastel-et-Buc

Belcastel-et-Buc is a commune of 58 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belflou

Belflou is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belfort-sur-Rebenty

Belfort-sur-Rebenty is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bellegarde-du-Razès

Bellegarde-du-Razès () is a commune of 238 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belpech

Belpech is a commune of 1,273 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Giulietto Chiesa

Giulietto Chiesa (4 September 1940 – 26 April 2020) was an Italian journalist, author, lecturer and politician. He was born in Acqui Terme, Piedmont. He served as a member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009.

Chiesa died on 26 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Belvèze-du-Razès

Belvèze-du-Razès is a commune of 868 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belvianes-et-Cavirac

Belvianes-et-Cavirac is a commune of 255 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Kauko Juhantalo

Kauko Johannes Juhantalo (28 April 1942 – 26 April 2020) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party. He served as a member of the Parliament of Finland many times (1979–1993, 1995–1999, 2003–2007, 2015–2019). He was also Minister of Trade and Industry from 1991 to 1992.

Juhantalo was born in Kankaanpää, Satakunta. He died of cancer on 26 April 2020, two days before his 78th birthday.

Belvis

Belvis is a commune of 160 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Berriac

Berriac is a commune of 954 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bessède-de-Sault

Bessède-de-Sault is a commune of 47 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Bezole

La Bezole is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bizanet

Bizanet is a commune of 1,685 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bize-Minervois

Bize-Minervois is a commune of 1,185 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Blomac

Blomac is a commune of 227 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouilhonnac

Bouilhonnac is a commune of 227 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouisse

Bouisse is a commune of 100 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouriège

Bouriège is a commune of 127 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bourigeole

Bourigeole is a commune of 51 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Le Bousquet

Le Bousquet is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Boutenac

Boutenac is a commune of 721 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Plaigne

Plaigne is a commune of 116 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bram, Aude

Bram is a commune of 3,204 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Brézilhac

Brézilhac is a commune of 174 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Spearman, Texas

Spearman is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Brousses-et-Villaret

Brousses-et-Villaret is a commune of 344 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Fa, Aude

Fa is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Faby.

Fred the Godson

Frederick Thomas (February 22, 1985 – April 23, 2020), known as Fred the Godson, was an American DJ and rapper. He was born in The Bronx, New York City. In the early-2010s, he released two mixtapes; his debut was "Armageddon" in 2010, featuring samples of the Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, Waka Flocka Flame and Cam'ron. His second release, "City of God", was one of a series for DJ Drama’s Gangsta Grillz, and featuring P. Diddy, Pusha T and Raekwon.

Between 2011 and 2020, Thomas released music and performed regularly, guest DJ-ing on New York radio station Hot 97, and worked with artists including Pusha T, Jadakiss, Cam’ron, and Raekwon. He produced two additional mixtapes in 2020, "Training Day" in January with Jay Pharoah, and "Payback", released March 20, 2020.

On April 6, 2020, Thomas was diagnosed with COVID-19 and later suffered from asthma and kidney failure. He died from the infection on April 23, 2020 in The Bronx, aged 41.

Val-du-Faby

Val-du-Faby is a commune of 562 people (in the year 2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Fa and Rouvenac.

Rouvenac

Rouvenac is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Faby.

Gueytes-et-Labastide

Gueytes-et-Labastide is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Lambronne.

Montlaur, Aude

Montlaur is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Dagne.

Pradelles-en-Val

Pradelles-en-Val is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Dagne.

Roquetaillade

Roquetaillade was a commune. It was in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of the new commune Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac.

Ricardo Brennand

Ricardo Coimbra de Almeida Brennand (27 May 1927 – 25 April 2020) was a Brazilian businessman, engineer and art collector. In 2002 he founded the Ricardo Brennand Institute, which includes the world's largest private collection of Frans Post paintings, and was the 17th highest-rated museum in the world according to TripAdvisor in 2014. He was born in Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Brazil.

Brennand died on 25 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Recife, Brazil at the age of 92.

Val-de-Dagne

Val-de-Dagne is a commune of 739 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Montlaur and Pradelles-en-Val.

Fré Vooys-Bosma

Fré Vooys-Bosma (30 September 1926 – 25 April 2020) was a Dutch politician. Vooys-Bosma became the first female Labour Party councilor in The Hague in 1982. She retired in 1990.

Fré Vooys-Bosma died in The Hague on 25 April 2020, aged 93.

Brugairolles

Brugairolles is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Kim Chungyum

Kim Chung-yum (; 3 January 1924 – 25 April 2020) was a South Korean politician. Working for President Park Chung-hee, he was the longest serving chief presidential secretary in South Korean history from 1969 to 1979. He also was Minister of Finance and Minister of Commerce and Industry from in 1966 and from 1967 to 1969. From 1979 to 1980, he was an Ambassador to Japan. Kim was a member of the Democratic Republican Party.

Kim died on 25 April 2020, aged 96.

Tomás Balcázar

Tomás Balcázar González (May 4, 1931 – April 26, 2020) was a Mexican footballer. He played as a forward. He played at club level for C.D. Guadalajara from 1948 to 1958 and internationally for Mexico from 1953 to 1954. Balcázar was born in Guadalajara, Mexico.

Balcázar died on April 26, 2020 in Guadalajara, aged 88.

Graeme Watson (cricketer)

Graeme Donald Watson (8 March 1945 – 24 April 2020) was an Australian cricketer. He played in five Tests and two One Day Internationals (ODIs) from 1966 to 1972. He was born in Kew, Victoria. He played for the national team from 1966 to 1972. He also played 18 games of Australian rules football for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1965 and 1966.

Watson died on 24 April 2020 of cancer, aged 75.


Les Brunels

Les Brunels is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Bekmünde

Bekmünde is a municipality in Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bugarach

Bugarach is a commune of 228 people (2017). It is in the Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Lincoln County, Maine

Lincoln County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 35,237. The county seat is Wiscasset.

Bukidnon

Bukidnon (; Binukid and Higaonon: "Probinsya ta Bukidnon") is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital of this province is Malaybalay while Valencia is the largest city.

Eastern Samar

Eastern Samar (Waray-Waray: "Sinirangan Samar"; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. The capital is Borongan.

Occipital bone

The occipital bone is a bone at the lower back of the skull. At the base of the skull (and the occipital bone) there's a large opening, called foramen magnum, where the spinal chord passes into the skull. 

Josephine Hull

Marie Josephine Hull (née Sherwood; January 3, 1877 – March 12, 1957) was an American actress. She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the movie "Harvey" (1950). 

Hull died on March 12, 1957, aged 80, from a cerebral hemorrhage in The Bronx.

Harvey (movie)

Harvey is a 1950 American comedy-drama movie based on Mary Chase's play of the same name, directed by Henry Koster. It starred James Stewart and Josephine Hull. The movie is about a man whose best friend is a six-foot-3.5 in. invisible rabbit named Harvey. 


Peggy Dow

Peggy Dow (born Peggy Josephine Varnadow; March 18, 1928) is an American philanthropist and actress. She was born in Columbia, Mississippi. 

Dow made nine movies, most notably as Nurse Kelly in "Harvey" (1950), and as Judy Greene in "Bright Victory" (1951). She also starred as Laura in "Reunion in Reno" and as Ellen in "You Never Can Tell" (both 1951).

Columbia, Mississippi

Columbia is a city in Marion County, Mississippi. The population was 5,864 as of the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Marion County.

Charli D'Amelio

Charli Grace D'Amelio (born May 1, 2004) is an American social media personality and dancer. She is the first person to earn both 50 million and 100 million followers on TikTok. She was the second-highest earning TikTok personality in 2019 according to "Forbes". She is sometimes called TikTok's biggest star.

She and her sister Dixie, worked with UNICEF, speaking out against online bullying and about the troubles of finding fame on TikTok.

In 2021, Charli won the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice award for Female Social Star.

D'Amelio's channel began on TikTok in the summer of 2019, who uploaded videos of her dancing.

D'Amelio starred in her own reality television series named "The D'Amelio Show".

Her father Marc D'Amelio is a politician. Her mother is Heidi D'Amelio. Her sister is Dixie D'Amelio.

All That Jazz

All That Jazz is a 1979 American musical drama movie directed by Bob Fosse and starring Roy Scheider, Jessica Lange, Leland Palmer, Ann Reinking, Cliff Gorman, John Lithgow, Anthony Holland, C. C. H. Pounder, Wallace Shawn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 9 Oscars and won 4 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1980.


Indo-Islamic architecture

Indo-Islamic architecture (sometimes called Indo-Persian architecture) is a type of architecture and engineering from the Indian subcontinent. Some parts of this type of architecture is similar to architecture from West and Central Asia. In history, Indo-Islamic architecture comes from the time when Islamic empires were in India. It began when Delhi became the capital of the Ghurid dynasty in 1193. Many different dynasties brought in different similarities with Persian and Turkic architecture.

American Go Association

The American Go Association (AGA) was founded in 1935, and it is responsible to promote and manage the board game of Go in the United States of America. It is also a member of the International Go Federation.

The AGA publishes a weekly online newsletter, The American Go E-Journal, and an annual "Yearbook". They maintains a national rating system and organizes national events, The US Go Congress and AGA City League. They also select North American representatives in international tournaments; and support their members as they promote Go in their communities. AGA also holds a youth summer camp that includes instruction from professional players.
In December 2011, The AGA made a new professional players system for the US and Canada. Their certification system is open to US and Canadian citizens via invitation. In recognition of this movement, several Asian professional tournaments have invited AGA professionals.
Professional status in Go is valid for life unless the player retires (This is also same in Japan and other Asian countries). The dates below indicate when the players were granted the AGA professional status.



Special Achievement Academy Award

The Special Achievement Award is an Academy Award. It is given for an achievement that makes an exceptional contribution, but for which there is no yearly award category.

This table displays the people who received the Special Achievement Oscar for their contributions to movie. The category started in 1972. 

1987 Burkinabé coup d'état

The 1987 Burkinabé coup d'état was a coup d'état by the Burkina Faso Armed Forces. It happened in Ouagadougou on 15 October 1987. It was started by Captain Blaise Compaoré against the President Thomas Sankara, who was his friend. 

From Hell to Victory

From Hell to Victory (Italian: Contro 4 bandiere, French: De l'enfer à la victoire, Spanish: De Dunkerke a la victoria) is a 1979 Italian Spanish French World War II drama movie directed by Edmondo Amati and Umberto Lenzi. Actors include George Peppard, George Hamilton, Horst Bucholz, Ray Lovelock, Anny Duperey, Lambert Wilson, Jean-Pierre Cassel.

Hulk (movie)

Hulk is a 2003 American superhero movie directed by Ang Lee. It was based on the Marvel character Hulk by Stan Lee. "Hulk's" main actors are Eric Bana, Jennifer Connelly, Sam Elliott, and Nick Nolte.

In the 1960s, David Banner wanted to create super soldiers but General Ross denied him permission. David decided to test on himself. He later had a son named Bruce.

Lady Chatterley's Lover

Lady Chatterley's Lover is a 1981 British French German erotic drama movie directed by Just Jaeckin and based on the 1928 novel of the same name by D. H. Lawrence. It stars Sylvia Kristel, Nicholas Clay, Shane Briant, Ann Mitchell, Elizabeth Spriggs, Anthony Head, Bessie Love and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon () is a 2000 wuxia movie directed by Ang Lee and written by Wang Hui-ling, James Schamus and Tsai Kuo Jung, based on the Chinese novel by Wang Dulu. The movie features an international cast of Chinese actors, including Chow Yun-fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi and Chang Chen.


The Survivors (movie)

The Survivors is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Walter Matthau, Robin Williams, Jerry Reed, Kristen Vigard, John Goodman, Annie McEnroe, James Wainwright. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Eat Drink Man Woman

Eat Drink Man Woman () is a 1994 comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Ang Lee. It starred Sihung Lung, Yu-wen Wang, Chien-lien Wu, and Kuei-mei Yang. The movie was released on 3 August 1994. It was both a critical and box office success.

In 1994, the movie received the Asia Pacific Film Festival Award for Best Film. In 1995 it received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Language Film.

The Towering Inferno

The Towering Inferno is a 1974 American action drama thriller movie directed by John Guillermin and starring Paul Newman, Steve McQueen, William Holden, Fred Astaire, Susan Blakely, Richard Chamberlain, Jennifer Jones, Robert Vaughn, Robert Wagner, Dabney Coleman, O.J. Simpson, Susan Flannery. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. and was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1975.


Bijan Kumar Shill

Dr. Bijon Kumar Sil is a famous scientist, scholar, and teacher from Bangladesh who currently works at the Gonoshasthaya Kendra.

Bijan Kumar was born 1961 to parents Rashik Chandra Shill and Kironmoyee Shill in Baraigram, Natore, Bangladesh. He is the fifth of six born to his parents. He has two children. 

He studied in Saint Joseph High School and College, Bonpara, Natore. Bijan then attended Edward College, Pabna, and completed the higher secondary education. He studied at the Bangladesh Agriculture University and earned his Bachelor's degree in Veterinary Science. He also did the postgraduate degree in Microbiology from same university. He then graduated from Surrey University, England, with a Ph.D degree.

When he invented Rapid Dot Blot Kit to detect COVID-19, he comes down to the timeline. On April 25, 2020, his invented kit will detect the coronavirus in less than 15 minutes.

Handle with Care

Handle with Care is a 1977 American movie directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Paul Le Mat, Candy Clark, Bruce McGill, Roberts Blossom, Charles Napier, Ed Begley Jr., Harry Northup. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Phantom of the Paradise

Phantom of the Paradise is a 1974 American rock musical horror comedy movie directed by Brian De Palma and is based on the novels of Gaston Leroux. It stars Rod Serling, William Finley, Paul Williams, Jessica Harper, Gerrit Graham. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office failure and since become a cult movie and was nominated for one Oscar at the Academy Awards in 1975.


The House on Skull Mountain

The House on Skull Mountain is a 1974 American mystery horror movie directed by Ron Honthaner. It stars Victor French, Janee Michelle, Xernona Clayton, Ella Woods, Mike Evans and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


John Ball (priest)

John Ball (c. 1338 - 15 July 1381) was a Medieval Priest who clashed with the Archbishop of Canterbury after he started performing sermons against Work Service (Serfdom).

Ball was later freed by Wat Tyler and began to persuade peasants to join the Peasants Revolt. Ball was later killed after King Richard II after the Peasants Revolt was put to an end by the king.

John Ball was the child of Joan and William Ball, in Peledon near Colchester. He was born in 1331. Ball was trained in York, and moved a lot over the country, living in Norwich, Colchester, and Kent. 

Ball was later imprisoned in Maidstone, Kent for his contradictory views on Christianity. He was then released, but continued to preach his radical ideas. This caused Ball to be released and imprisoned many a time. This cycle came to an end however, in 1381 when John was released from prison by former ex-soldier and leader of the Peasants revolt, Wat Tyler. This was a real turnaround for Ball, Tyler needed Ball to preach to the local Peasants, asking them to discontinue performing Work Service.

Now in Tyler's Peasant army, Ball began to march to London. There, London's gates were mysteriously opened and Tyler's army flooded in to the capital city. King Richard II, not wanting any trouble, decided to meet the Peasants at Mile End. There, the two forces began talks, surprisingly the King agreed to abolish Work Service, and accepted the other demands the army asked for. meanwhile, a rogue group of Peasants began to lay siege to the Tower of London, killing the Archbishop of Canterbury and many others. 

Knowing another talk would have to be held,John and Tyler decided to meet the king outside the city walls, there the Kings army murdered Tyler and forced the Peasants to flee. None of the Peasants demands were met and Ball, (along with many other rebels) was executed.

The One and Only (1978 movie)

The One and Only is a 1978 American sports comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and starring Henry Winkler, Gene Saks, Kim Darby, William Daniels, Hervé Villechaize, Ed Begley Jr., Rowdy Roddy Piper. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


National Lampoon's Animal House

National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by John Landis and written by Ivan Reitman. It stars John Belushi, Peter Riegert, Tim Matheson, John Vernon, Kevin Bacon, Donald Sutherland, Bruce McGill, Tom Hulce, Karen Allen, Stephen Furst and it was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was spun off into the short lived TV series "Delta House" in 1979.


King of the Gypsies (movie)

King of the Gypsies is a 1978 American drama movie directed by Frank Pierson and based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Peter Maas. It stars Eric Roberts, Susan Sarandon, Brooke Shields, Judd Hirsch, Shelley Winters, Annette O'Toole, Sterling Hayden and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Taps (movie)

Taps is a 1981 American drama movie directed by Harold Becker and based on the 1979 novel "Father Sky" by Devery Freeman. It stars George C. Scott, Timothy Hutton, Ronny Cox, Sean Penn, Tom Cruise, Evan Handler and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Butch and Sundance: The Early Days

Butch and Sundance: The Early Days is a 1979 American western movie directed by Richard Lester and stars Tom Berenger, William Katt, Jeff Corey, Peter Weller, Brian Dennehy, Christopher Lloyd. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 1 Oscar at the Academy Award in 1980. This is the prequel to the 1969 movie "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid".


Benjamin Hornigold

Benjamin Hornigold (1680–1719) was a pirate. He was Edward Teach's captain. He was also a friend of Oliver Levasseur, a French pirate from Calais.

Mood swing

A mood swing is a quick change in mood. These can promote problem solving and in producing flexible forward planning. However, when mood swings are so strong that they become unhelpful, they may be the main part of a bipolar disorder.

Personal and possesive pronoun

English personal pronouns are a type of pronoun that change form according to number, person, gender, or function in the sentence (case). Although today's English has fewer changes to words (inflection) than Old English, personal pronouns still have kept many forms from Old English.

Note: "his" and "its" can be "possessive determiners" or "possessive pronouns". Look at the complete sentences to find out which function the pronoun has.

The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob

The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob (, ) is a 1973 French Italian adventure comedy movie directed by Gérard Oury and stars Louis de Funès, Marcel Dalio, Suzy Delair, Claude Giraud, Renzo Montagnani, Xavier Gélin. It was distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox.


The Laughing Policeman (movie)

The Laughing Policeman is a 1973 American police thriller movie directed by Stuart Rosenberg and based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö. It stars Walter Matthau, Bruce Dern, Louis Gossett Jr., Anthony Zerbe, Albert Paulsen, Joanna Cassidy, Gregory Sierra and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Cinderella Liberty

Cinderella Liberty is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Mark Rydell and based on the novel of the same name by Daryl Ponicsan. It stars James Caan, Marsha Mason, Eli Wallach, Burt Young, Dabney Coleman, Bruno Kirby and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1974.


Porky's II: The Next Day

Porky's II: The Next Day is a 1983 American Canadian sex comedy movie directed by Bob Clark and is the sequel to "Porky's" (1981). It stars Dan Monahan, Wyatt Knight, Mark Herrier, Nancy Parsons, Cyril O'Reilly, Kaki Hunter, Eric Christmas, Joseph Runningfox and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jupiter Hammon

Jupiter Hammon (October 17, 1711 – ca. 1806) was a writer. He is known as a founder of African-American literature, because his poem (published in 1761 in New York) was the first by an African American in North America. He published both poetry and prose after that. He was also a preacher and a commercial clerk on Long Island, New York.

Hammon was born into slavery at the Lloyd Manor on Long Island. Hammon learned to read and write. In 1761, Hammon published his first poem, "An Evening Thought: Salvation by Christ with Penitential Cries." He was the first African American poet published in North America. He was also a well-known and well-respected preacher and clerk-bookkeeper. He was widely circulated for his poems about slavery. As a committed Christian evangelist, Hammon criticized slavery based on the Bible.


Buckypaper

Buckypaper is a thin sheet made from an aggregate of carbon nanotubes or carbon nanotube grid paper. The nanotubes are approximately 50,000 times thinner than a human hair. Originally, it was fabricated as a way to handle carbon nanotubes, but it is also being studied and developed into applications by several research groups, showing promise as vehicle armor, personal armor, and next-generation electronics and displays.

Comparative flame test of airplanes made of cellulose, carbon buckypaper and inorganic boron nitride nanotube buckypaper.
Buckypaper is one tenth the weight yet potentially 500 times stronger than steel when its sheets are stacked to form a composite. It could disperse heat like brass or steel and it could conduct electricity like copper or silicon.

Buckypaper is a macroscopic aggregate of carbon nanotubes (CNT), or "buckytubes". It owes its name to the buckminsterfullerene, the 60 carbon fullerene (an allotrope of carbon with similar bonding that is sometimes referred to as a "Buckyball" in honor of R. Buckminster Fuller).

Melvin H. Evans

Melvin H. Evans (August 7, 1917 – November 27, 1984) was the first elected Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands. He was also the first Black governor of the territory. He was governor from July 1, 1969 to January 6, 1975.

He was a member of the Republican Party.

Rouge

Rouge are a Brazilian pop girl group formed in 2002, through the SBT and Disney Channel talent show "Popstars" produced by RGB Entertainment. The group comprised singers Aline Wirley, Fantine Thó, Karin Hils, Li Martins (then known as Patrícia Lissah) and Lu Andrade.

The group's debut studio album, the best-selling self-titled "Rouge" (2002), sold more than 2 million copies in Brazil. The success of the album was boosted by the songs "Não Dá pra Resistir", "Beijo Molhado" and, mainly, "Ragatanga", which helped to establish the group on a national platform. Their follow-up album, "C'est La Vie" (2003) produced the singles "Brilha La Luna", "Um Anjo Veio Me Falar" and "Vem Cair na Zueira", sold over 1 million copies. After the departure of Andrade, the four remaining members continued and released the albums "Blá Blá Blá" (2004) and "Mil e Uma Noites" (2005). The group disbanded in June 2006, when the contract with Sony Music was not renewed.

Measures of their success include, have sold 6 million records sales, becoming the most successful pop girl group in Brazil and Latin America, Under the guidance of their mentor and entrepreneur, music producer Rick Bonadio, they embarked on sold-out tours throughout Brazil and several countries in Latin America, Europe and Africa. They were also stars of commercials and television programs, as well as the faces of various licensed products such as sticker albums, sandals and dolls.

On September 12, 2017, they reformed for a second time, this time as a five-members, to celebrate a fifteen-year birthday, embarked on a tour of sold-out shows all over Brazil, the 15 Anos Tour. In followed, he released his first unreleased song since 2005, "Bailando". And, on February 1, 2019 the fifth studio album, "Les 5inq", was released. On January 24, 2019, a new hiatus was announced for an indefinite time. It is unknown if Rouge will reunite after this new hiatus.


List of prime ministers of Nepal

The prime minister of Nepal is the chief executive and head of the government of Nepal. This is a list of prime ministers in Nepal


Wagon

A wagon (sometimes called a waggon) is a type of vehicle that has four wheels. It can be used to transport goods, food, supplies, and sometimes people. It can be pulled by a person, by animals, or by a vehicle (such as a tractor). A wagon used to be called a wain. A person who builds or repairs wagons is called a wainwright. A person who drives wagons is called a "wagoner", a "teamster", a "bullocky" (Australia), a "muleteer", or simply a "driver".

Jerry Mouse

Gerald "Jerry" Mouse is one of the main characters in the "Tom and Jerry". as a character is cute brown mice deuteragonist character of the franchise. 

Carlo Sabatini (actor)

Carlo Sabatini (7 April 1932 – 10 April 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for voice dubbing movie roles of Morgan Freeman and Sir Ian McKellen from English to Italian. He voiced dubbed Magneto in "X-Men", "X2", "", "The Wolverine", and "".

Sabatini died on 10 April 2020 in Rome, aged 88.

Lucas Neff

Lucas Neff (born November 7, 1985) is an American actor. He is best known for his lead role in the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope", and starred on the CBS sitcom "Carol's Second Act".

Neff was born and raised in the Andersonville area of Chicago, Illinois. He is of Irish and Jewish descent.

Gregg Binkley

Gregg Binkley (born March 20, 1963) is an American television actor. He is best known for his roles as Kenny James on the NBC sitcom "My Name Is Earl" and as Dan, the Del Taco spokesperson. He has also had guest spots on "Gilmore Girls", "Malcolm in the Middle", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", "Yes, Dear", "The Drew Carey Show", "Full House", and "Wizards of Waverly Place".

Bruce Allpress

Bruce Robert Allpress (25 August 1930 – 23 April 2020) was a New Zealand actor. He appeared in many television dramas and also presented on television and radio productions. In the mid-1980s, he was a regular on "The Billy T. James Show", as well as featuring alongside Tommy Lee Jones in the pirate adventure movie "Nate and Hayes". He was best known for his role as Aldor in the movie "".

Allpress died on 23 April 2020, aged 89, in Auckland six months after being diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.

Alan Abel (musician)

Alan Abel (1928 – April 25, 2020) was an American percussionist, music educator, and inventor. He was the Associate Principal Percussionist of the Philadelphia Orchestra from 1959 until his retirement in 1997. He taught at Temple University beginning in 1972. 

Abel died on April 25, 2020 from COVID-19.

Thomas Huang

Thomas Shi-Tao Huang (, June 26, 1936 – April 25, 2020) was a Chinese-born American electrical engineer and computer scientist. He was a researcher and professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). Huang was one of the important scientist in computer vision, pattern recognition and human computer interaction. Huang was born June 26, 1936, in Shanghai, Republic of China.

Emilio S. Allué

Emilio Simeon Allué Carcasona, SDB (18 February 1935 – 26 April 2020) was a Spanish-American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston until his retirement in 2010. He was born in Huesca, Spain.

Allué died from COVID-19 in Boston on 26 April 2020, aged 85.

Big Al Carson

Alton "Big Al" Carson (October 2, 1953 – April 26, 2020) was an American blues and jazz singer. He performed with his band, the Blues Masters, in New Orleans, and with other bands. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He played tuba in addition to singing. Carson performed and recorded with multiple jazz and brass bands in New Orleans, including under the leadership of Doc Paulin, Lars Edegran, and Dr. Michael White.

Carson died on April 26, 2020 at the age of 66 after a heart attack in New Orleans.

Gideon Patt

Gideon Patt (; 22 February 1933 – 26 April 2020) was an Israeli politician. He was born in Jerusalem. Patt was a member of the Knesset from 1970 to 1996. He was a Minister of Industry from 1979 to 1984 and Tourism in 1981 and again from 1988 to 1992. He was a member of Likud.

Patt died on 26 April 2020 in Jerusalem at the age of 87.

Henri Weber

Henri Weber (23 June 1944 – 26 April 2020) was a French politician of Jewish-Polish descent. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the north-west of France from 2004 to 2014. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). From 1995 to 2004, Weber was a member of the French Senate. His father-in-law was politician Jean-Claude Servan-Schreiber.

Weber died on 26 April in 2020 in Avignon of COVID-19, aged 75.

Bernard Gersten

Bernard Gersten (January 30, 1923 – April 27, 2020) was an American theatrical producer. His career began in the 1960s through the early 2000s. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. From 1960 to 1978, Gersten worked with Joseph Papp as associate producer at the New York Shakespeare Festival. He was an executive producer of Lincoln Center Theater from 1986 until he retired in 2013. In 2013, he won a Special Tony Award.

Gersten died from pancreatic cancer in New York City on April 27, 2020, aged 97.

Ramon Jimenez Jr.

Ramon Reyes Jimenez Jr. (July 14, 1955 – April 27, 2020) sometimes known as "Monet" or "Mon Jimenez", was a Filipino advertising businessman and politician. He was Secretary of Tourism from 2011 to 2016 during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. He was born in Manila.

Jimenez died on April 27, 2020 in Manila, aged 64.

Tiede Herrema

Dr Tiede Herrema (21 April 1921 – 24 April 2020) was a Dutch businessman. He was kidnapped by the Provisional Irish Republican Army in 1975. He was born in present-day Utrecht.

In the 1970s, Herrema ran a wire factory, Ferenka, in the city of Limerick, Ireland. On the morning of 3 October 1975, having just left his home in Castletroy near Limerick, Herrema was kidnapped by two members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. The kidnappers wanted the release of three IRA prisoners, including Rose Dugdale.

After a massive security operation, the kidnappers were eventually traced on 21 October 1975 to a house in Monasterevin, County Kildare. After a further two-week-long struggle, Herrema was released.

Herrema died on 24 April 2020, three days after his 99th birthday.

Rob Shick

Rob Shick (born 4 December 1957 in Port Alberni, British Columbia) is a retired National Hockey League referee. He began his career with the 1985–86 NHL season. He retired in March 2009. 

Shick refereed over 1,321 NHL regular season games, 130 playoff games, and two All-Star Games during his career. His final game was on March 7, 2009 at Ronald B. Stafford Arena where the Plattsburgh State Cardinals faced the Norwich Cadets. 

Birbhum district

Birbhum district is a district in West Bengal, India.

During the time of British East India Company, the administrative unit by the name Birbhum was formed in 1787. Before that, it was administratively a part of Murshidabad district. After independent (1947) Birbhum district is an administrative unit in the Indian state of West Bengal. 

It is the northernmost district of Burdwan division—one of the five administrative divisions of West Bengal. The district headquarters is in Suri. Other important cities are Rampurhat, Bolpur and Sainthia. Jamtara, Dumka and Pakur districts of the state of Jharkhand lie at the western border of this district; the border in other directions is covered by the districts of Bardhaman and Murshidabad of West Bengal.



Often called "the land of red soil". Birbhum is noted for its topography and its cultural heritage which is somewhat different from the other districts in West Bengal. The western part of Birbhum is a bushy region, a part of the Chhota Nagpur Plateau. This region gradually merges with the fertile alluvial farmlands in the east.

This district saw many cultural and religious movements in history. The Visva Bharati University at Santiniketan, established by Rabindranath Tagore, is one of the places Birbhum is known for. Many festivals are celebrated in the district, including Poush Mela.

Birbhum is primarily an agricultural district with around 75% of the population being dependent on agriculture. Principal industries of the district include cotton and silk harvesting and weaving, rice and oilseed milling, lac harvesting, stone mining and metalware and pottery manufacture. Bakreshwar Thermal Power Station is the only heavy industry in the district.

Central Division, Fiji

The Central Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital of the division is Suva, which is also the capital of Fiji.

It has five provinces - Naitasiri, Namosi, Rewa, Serua and Tailevu. The division includes the eastern part of the largest island in Fiji, Viti Levu. There are also a few outlying islands, including Beqa.

Eastern Division, Fiji

The Eastern Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital of the division is Levuka, on the Ovalau island. 

It has Kadavu Province, Lau Province, Lomaiviti Province and Rotuma. Other islands in the division include Kadavu, Gau, Koro, Nairai, Moala, Matuku, Vatu Vara, Naitaba, Mago, Cicia, Tuvuca, Lakeba, Vanua Vatu, Oneata, Vuaqava, Kabara, Moce, and Fulaga.

Northern Division, Fiji

The Northern Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital is Labasa.

The Northern Division has three Provinces: Macuata, Cakaudrove, and Bua. It includes the entire island of Vanua Levu.


Western Division, Fiji

The Western Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The largest city is Lautoka.

There are three provinces on Viti Levu. They are Ba, Nadroga-Navosa and Ra. It also includes a few outlying islands, including the Yasawa Islands, Viwa Island, and Mamanuca Islands.

Ba Province

Ba is a province in Fiji. It is in the Western Division. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. 

There were about 245,000 people living there in 2017, the most of any province. It covers a land area of .

Ba Province includes the towns and districts of Ba, Magodro, Nadi, Nawaka, Tavua, Vuda and Vitogo. The city of Lautoka and the Yasawa Archipelago are also in Ba Province.

Nadroga-Navosa Province

Nadroga-Navosa is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. The main town is Sigatoka. The province includes the Mamanuca Archipelago as well as Conway Reef.

The Sigatoka Sand Dunes, a World Heritage Site, is in the province. In July 1989, the dunes were made Fiji's first national park.

Ra Province

Ra is one of the fourteen provinces in Fiji. It is in the Western Division. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island. The main town is Vaileka.

Ra has a land area of 1341 square kilometers. About 30,000 people lived there in 2017. There are 19 districts.

Macuata Province

Macuata is one of fourteen Provinces in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division. The main town is Labasa.

Macuata has a land area of 2004 square kilometers. About 66,000 people lived there in 2017. The Province has 114 villages spread over 12 districts. 

Silent Circle (band)

Silent Circle is a German eurodisco band formed in 1985 by Martin Tychsen and Axel Breitung. it features from German-language dubbed version "Nutri Ventures" uses the song called "Touch In The Night" as the main theme.




Cakaudrove Province

Cakaudrove is a province in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division. The province includes the islands of Taveuni, Rabi, Kioa, and many other islands in the Vanua Levu Group. The only major town is Savusavu.

It has a total land area of 2,816 square kilometers. About 50,000 people lived there in 2017.

Bua Province

Bua is a province in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division.

It has a land area of 1,379 square kilometers. About 15,500 people lived there in 2017.

Kadavu Province

Kadavu Province is a province in Fiji. It is in the Eastern Division. It has Kadavu Island, Ono Island, Galoa Island, Dravuni Island, Matanuku Island, Buliya Island, Nagigia Island, and a few other islands.

Kadavu has a total land area of 478 square kilometers. About 11,000 people lived there in 2017. There are 9 districts.

Kadavu is home to the second-largest living organism on Earth, the Great Astrolabe Reef.

Lau Province

Lau Province is a province in Fiji. The capital is Tubou, at the southern end of the island of Lakeba. Lau is in the Eastern Division. The province includes the Lau Islands. The island group has about 60 islands.

It has a total land area of 487 square kilometers. About 9,600 people lived there in 2017. 

Deliberative assembly

A deliberative assembly is a group of members (of any kind of bigger group) who use parliamentary procedure to make decisions.

"Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised" describes the following characteristics of a deliberative assembly:

A "mass meeting", which is an unorganized group meeting open to all individuals in a sector of the population who are interested in deliberating about a subject proposed by the meeting's sponsors. Examples include meetings to discuss common political concerns or community interests.

A "local assembly of an organized society", which is a membership meeting of a local chapter or branch of a membership organization. Examples include local chapter meetings of organizations like the Sierra Club.

A "convention", which is a meeting of members who represent constituent units of a population. Conventions are not permanent, and delegates are normally selected for a short time.

A "legislative body", which is a legally created group that makes laws. It is made up of representatives chosen by voters. Examples include national legislatures such as parliaments, and local governments such as state legislatures, regional assemblies and city councils.

A "board" gets its power from an outside authority that says what the board can and cannot do. Examples include an organized society's or company's board of directors and government agency boards like a board of education.

A "committee" is a group of one or more persons that is part of a deliberative assembly. A committee is not itself considered to be a kind of assembly.

Lomaiviti Province

Lomaiviti Province is a province of Fiji. It is part of the Eastern Division. It is made up of the Lomaiviti Islands. The largest town is Levuka.

The province has a total land area of 41 square kilometers. About 15,600 people lived there in 2017.

Naitasiri Province

Naitasiri is one of the 14 provinces of Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. It is part of the Central Division.

Naitasiri has an area of . About 178,000 people lived there in 2017. The main town is Nasinu.

The Medrausucu mountain ranges are in the province.

Namosi Province

Namosi is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island. It is part of the Central Division.

The province covers 570 square kilometers. About 7,800 people lived there in 2017. Namosi Province includes Namosi District, as well as the districts of Veivatuloa and Wainikoroiluva.

Rewa Province

Rewa is a province in Fiji. It includes the capital city of Suva.

It has a land area of 272 square kilometers, making it the smallest province in Fiji. About 108,000 people lived there in 2017.

The province has nine tikina (or districts):


Serua Province

Serua is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island of Fiji. It is part of the Central Division.

It has a land area of 830 square kilometers. About 15,400 people lived there in 2017. Serua includes Nuku District and Serua District.

Tailevu Province

Tailevu is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. It is part of the Central Division. The main town is Nausori.

Tailevu has a land area of 755 square kilometers. About 64,500 people lived there in 2017. Tailevu has the districts of Bau, Nakelo, Verata, Wainibuka, and Sawakasa.

Portapique

Portapique is a small community in Nova Scotia, Canada in Colchester County.

In April 2020, it was one of the places where the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks happened, which was the deadliest massacre in Canadian history.

Gorakhpur

Gorakhpur is a city in the north-eastern region of Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is the administrative headquarters of Gorakhpur district. The city is home to the Gorakhnath Math, a Gorakhnath temple. The city also has an Indian Air Force station, since 1963. According to 2011 Indian Census, Gorakhpur had a total population of 673,446, of which 353,907 were males and 319,539 were females.


Wentworth, Nova Scotia

Wentworth is a community in Nova Scotia, Canada in Wentworth Valley in Cumberland County.

In April 2020, it was one of the places where the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks happened, which was the deadliest massacre in Canadian history. Four were killed in Wentworth.

Mata Hari (1985 movie)

Mata Hari is a 1985 American erotic biographic drama movie directed by Curtis Harrington and stars Sylvia Kristel, Oliver Tobias, Christopher Cazonove. It was distributed by Cannon Pictures.

Debert

Debert is an unincorporated community in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is in Colchester County. In 2006, 1,471 people lived here.

Omen III: The Final Conflict

Omen III: The Final Conflict is a 1981 British American horror movie directed by Graham Baker and is the third movie in The Omen series. It stars Sam Neill, Lisa Harrow, Rossano Brazzi, Leueen Willoughby and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Enfield, Nova Scotia

Enfield is a community that is north of Halifax Stanfield International Airport in the Shubenacadie Valley in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is in both Hants and Halifax counties.

On the Right Track

On the Right Track is a 1981 American comedy movie directed by Lee Philips and starring Gary Coleman, Kim Basinger, Norman Fell, Bill Russell, Lisa Eilbacher. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pixote

Pixote: a Lei do Mais Franco (, lit. "Pixote (small child): The Law of the Weakest") is a 1981 Brazilian drama movie directed by Héctor Babenco and based on the novel "A Infância dos Mortos" ("The Childhood of the Dead Ones") by José Louzeiro. It stars Fernando Ramos de Silva as the title character.

Bloodbath

Bloodbath, also known as Las Flores Del Vicio (English: The Flowers of Vice) and "The Sky is Falling", is a 1979 Spanish Liechtenstein horror movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and starring Carroll Baker, Dennis Hopper, Richard Todd, Faith Brook.

Lloyd deMause

Lloyd deMause (pronounced "de-Moss"; September 19, 1931 – April 23, 2020) was an American social thinker. He was known for his works in psychohistory. He did graduate work in political science at Columbia University. He became a psychoanalyst afterwards. He was the founder of "The Journal of Psychohistory".

Suddenly, Last Summer

Suddenly, Last Summer is a 1959 British American psychological drama movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Katharine Hepburn, Montgomery Clift, Albert Dekker and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1960.


Carlos Regazzoni

Carlos Regazzoni (1 December 1943 – 26 April 2020) was an Argentine sculptor. Regazzoni was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Chubut Province. He worked in Paris during the 1990s. He was invited to exhibit at the "Cent ans de l'aéronautique française". Regazzoni returned to Argentina and founded a workshop in Buenos Aires. His works were often described as Dantesque and were compared to Salvador Dali.

Regazzoni died on 26 April 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 76.

Robert Herbin

Robert Herbin (30 March 1939 – 27 April 2020) was a French football defender and manager. He was born in Paris. He played for Saint-Étienne and the national team. He managed Saint-Étienne and Red Star F.C. 93.

Herbin died on 27 April 2020 in Saint-Étienne, France of heart failure at the age of 81.

Troy Sneed

Troy Lenard Sneed, Jr. (December 14, 1967 – April 27, 2020) was an American gosep singer-songwriter. He was born in Perry, Florida. 

He started his music career on November 7, 1999, with the release of "Call Jesus" by Malaco Records. His second album, "Bless That Wonderful Name", was released by Savoy Records in 2001. The third album, "A State of Worship", was released and was a hit with "Billboard" magazine Gospel Albums chart. His fourth release, "In His Presence", was released in 2006. The fifth album from him, "In Due Season", was released in 2009. He released the sixth album in 2011, "My Heart Says Yes". His seventh album, "All Is Well", released in 2012.

Sneed died on April 27, 2020 in Jacksonville, Florida of COVID-19, aged 52.


Jamilur Reza Choudhury

Jamilur Reza Choudhury (15 November 1943 – 28 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi civil engineer, professor, researcher, and educator. He was an Adviser (Minister) to Caretaker Government of Bangladesh (April–June 1996). He was the vice chancellor of BRAC University from 2001 to 2012 and of University of Asia Pacific from 2012 until his death. He was also the president of Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad Committee from 2003.

He was awarded Ekushey Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in the category of science and technology in 2017. He was made a National Professor by the Government of Bangladesh in 2018.

Choudhury died on 28 April 2020 of heart attack in Dhaka, aged 76.

John E. Otto

John E. Otto (December 18, 1938 – April 22, 2020) was an American government official. He was the Acting Director of the FBI in 1987.

Otto died on April 22, 2020 in Norman, Oklahoma at the age of 81.

Clyde Tolson

Clyde Anderson Tolson (May 22, 1900 – April 14, 1975) was the second-ranking official of the FBI from 1930 until 1972. He is best known as the "protégé" and long time top deputy of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. He was Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for one day in May 1972.


Laredo, Missouri

Laredo is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States. The population was 156 at the 2020 census.

L. Patrick Gray

Louis Patrick Gray III (July 18, 1916 – July 6, 2005) was Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from May 2, 1972 to April 27, 1973. He was in charge of the initial investigation into the burglaries that sparked the Watergate scandal, which eventually led to the resignation of President Nixon. 

Gray was nominated as permanent Director by Nixon on February 15, 1973, but failed to win Senate confirmation. He resigned as Acting FBI director on April 27, 1973, after he admitted to destroying documents from Watergate.

Gray remained publicly silent about the Watergate scandal for 32 years, speaking to the press only once, near the end of his life.

Clarence M. Kelley

Clarence M. Kelley (October 24, 1911August 5, 1997) was an American politician. He was the second Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1973 to 1978.

Floyd I. Clarke

Floyd I. Clarke (born January 7, 1942) is an American politician and lawyer. He was acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from July to September in 1993 during the Bill Clinton presidency.

Thomas J. Pickard

Thomas Joseph Pickard (born January 6, 1950) is an American politician. He was an acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 71 days in the summer of 2001 following the resignation of Director Louis Freeh. He left the office a week before the September 11 attacks.

Louis Freeh

Louis Joseph Freeh (born January 6, 1950) is an American attorney and former judge. 

He was the fifth Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from September 1993 to June 2001. He was an Assistant United States Attorney and United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 

A Republican, he worked for President Bill Clinton. 

Erin Babcock

Erin Babcock (June 6, 1981 – April 25, 2020) was a Canadian nurse and politician. She was elected in the 2015 Alberta general election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the electoral district of Stony Plain. Her term ended on April 16, 2019. Babcock was a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party.

Babcock was diagnosed with uterine cancer in May 2018. She died from the disease in Edmonton on April 25, 2020 at the age of 38.

Enter the Dragon

Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong American action movie directed by Robert Clouse and starring Bruce Lee, John Saxon, Jim Kelly, Ahna Capri, Angela Mao, Betty Chung, Bolo Yeung, Marlene Clark. An American and Hong Kong co-production, Concord Productions Inc. and Warner Bros.. It was distributed by Warner Bros.("international") and Golden Harvest ("hk").

It was the last movie Bruce Lee starred in before his death.


Burgundy School of Business

Burgundy School of Business is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in 3 places, in Paris, in Lyon and in Dijon. It has been created in 1899. 

BSB is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Emperor of the North Pole

Emperor of the North Pole is a 1973 American adventure drama movie directed by Robert Aldrich and stars Lee Marvin, Ernest Borgnine, Keith Carradine, Simon Oakland, Charles Tyner, Harry Caesar. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Soylent Green

Soylent Green is a 1973 American science fiction thriller movie directed by Richard Fleischer and loosely based on the 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!". It stars Charlton Heston, Leigh Taylor-Young, Edward G. Robinson, Joseph Cotten, Brock Peters, Dick Van Patten and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Ups and Downs of a Handyman

The Ups and Downs of a Handyman is a 1975 British erotic comedy movie directed by John Sealey and stars Barry Stokes, Sue Lloyd, Gay Soper, Bob Todd, Chic Murray, Harold Bennett. It was distributed by Cannon Films.

The Oregon Trail (movie)

The Oregon Trail is a 1959 American western movie directed by Gene Fowler Jr. and Fred MacMurray, William Bishop, Nina Shipman, Henry Hull, John Carradine. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Ruth Langsford

Ruth Wendy Holmes (née; Langsford; born 17 March 1960) is an English television presenter. She is best known for presenting numerous shows such as "This Morning," "Gift Wrapped" and .

Langsford is also an anchor on ITV's lunchtime chat show "Loose Women" and presents "Ruth Langsford's Fashion Edit" on QVC. She took part in the fifteenth series of "Strictly Come Dancing", where she came ninth. She was the longest female presenter of "This Morning". Ruth was born in Singapore, Southeast Asia.

Alaska Passage

Alaska Passage is a 1959 American drama movie directed by Edward Bernds and starring Bill Williams, Naura Hayden, Lyn Thomas, Leslie Bradley, Raymond Hatton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Compulsion (1959 movie)

Compulsion is a 1959 American crime drama movie directed by Richard Fleischer and based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Meyer Levin. It stars Orson Welles, Dean Stockwell, Diane Varsi, E. G. Marshall, Bradford Dillman, Martin Milner, Edward Binns and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Last Embrace

Last Embrace is a 1979 American thriller movie directed by Jonathan Demme and based on the novel "The 13th Man" by Murray Teigh Bloom. It stars Roy Scheider, Janet Margolin, Christopher Walken, Sam Levene, Marcia Rodd, Charles Napier and was distributed by United Artists.


You're in the Navy Now

You're in the Navy Now is a 1951 American World War II comedy movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Gary Cooper, Jane Greer, Millard Mitchell, Eddie Albert, Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, Jack Webb and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Zotz!

Zotz! is a 1962 American fantasy comedy movie directed by William Castle and based on the 1947 novel by Walter Karig. It stars Tom Poston, Julia Meade, Jim Backus, Cecil Kellaway and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Law and the Lawless

Law of the Lawless is a 1964 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and stars Dale Robertson, Yvonne De Carlo, John Agar, William Bendix, Lon Chaney Jr., Rod Lauren, Richard Arlen, Bruce Cabot and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Key Exchange

Key Exchange is a 1985 American romantic comedy movie directed by Barnet Kellman and based on the play of the same name by Kevin Wade. It stars Brooke Adams, Danny Aiello, Ben Masters, Kerry Armstrong, Annie Golden and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Into the Night

Into the Night is a 1985 American black comedy thriller movie directed John Landis and stars Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dan Aykroyd, David Bowie, Bruce McGill, Richard Farnsworth, Irene Papps, Clu Gulager, Kathryn Harrold. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Enemy Mine (movie)

Enemy Mine is a 1985 American German science fiction drama movie directed by Wolfgang Petersen and based on the novella of the same name by Barry B. Longyear. It stars Dennis Quaid, Louis Gossett Jr., Brion James, Carolyn McCormick and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office bomb and has since become a cult classic.


The Quiet Earth (movie)

The Quiet Earth is a 1985 New Zealand science fiction movie directed by Geoff Murphy and is loosely based on the 1981 novel of the same name by Craig Harrison. It stars Bruno Lawrence, Alison Routledge, Anzac Wallace.


Prizzi's Honor

Prizzi's Honor is a 1985 American black comedy crime drama movie directed by John Huston and based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Richard Condon. It stars Jack Nicholson, Kathleen Turner, Anjelica Huston, Robert Loggia, William Hickey, C. C. H. Pounder, Stanley Tucci, Lawrence Tierney and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 7 Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor with Huston winning for Best Supporting Actress in 1986.


Almost You

Almost You is a 1985 American romantic comedy movie directed by Adam Brooks and starring Brooke Adams, Griffin Dunne, Karen Young. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Postman Always Rings Twice (1981 movie)

The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1981 American erotic thriller movie directed by Bob Rafelson and is the fourth adaption of the 1934 novel of the same name by James M. Cain. It stars Jack Nicholson, Jessica Lange, John Colicos, Anjelica Huston, Christopher Lloyd, John P. Ryan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Psych-Out

Psych-Out is a 1968 American drama movie directed by Richard Rush and stars Jack Nicholson, Susan Strasberg, Dean Stockwell, Bruce Dern, Max Julien, Strawberry Alarm Clock. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


Committee

A committee is a group of people that come together to do something or decide something. It is often part of a bigger deliberative assembly. A committee might have a special job to do for a specific topic.

A deliberative assembly may create a committee (or "commission") that has one or more persons to help with the work of the assembly. For bigger organizations, a lot of work is done in committees. Committees can be a way to get people together that have similar experience from different parts of an organization. Without the committee, these people might not have a good way to share information and work together.

When a committee is created, a chairman (or "chair" or "chairperson") is chosen for the committee. Sometimes a vice-chairman (or similar name) is also chosen. The committee chairman often organizes the meetings.

When the committee finishes its work, it gives the results in a report to the larger group. The report may include the methods used, the facts found, the conclusions reached, and any suggestions.


List of United States House of Representatives committees

There are two main types of congressional committees in the United States House of Representatives, standing committees and select committees.

The current House committees were created from the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946. This bill decreased the number of House committees, and it changed the committees' jurisdictions.


United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary

The United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, also called the Senate Judiciary Committee, is a standing committee of 22 U.S. Senators whose job is to oversee the Department of Justice (DOJ), question people who have been chosen for executive and judicial jobs, and review legislation.

It is also in charge of having meetings and investigating people the President chooses to be judges on the Supreme Court, the U.S. court of appeals, the U.S. district courts, and the Court of International Trade.



United States Senate Committee on Rules and Administration

The Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, also called the Senate Rules Committee, is in charge of the rules of the United States Senate, administration of congressional buildings, monitoring elections and deciding whether or not the members should be there.

Rule XXV of the United States Senate says that all legislation, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters relating to the following subjects is to be given to the Senate Rules Committee:



United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations

The United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations is a standing committee of the United States Senate. It is in charge with leading foreign-policy legislation and debate in the Senate. The Foreign Relations Committee is in charge for overseeing (but not administering) and giving money to foreign aid programs as well as buying weapons and training for national allies. The committee is also in charge of questioning people chosen for important jobs in the Department of State. The committee looks at important treaties and legislation, ranging from the Alaska purchase in 1867 to the creation of the United Nations in 1945. It also in charge of people chosen for diplomatic jobs. They deal with U.S. interests with foreign countries.



United States House Committee on Financial Services

The United States House Committee on Financial Services, also called the House Banking Committee, is the committee of the United States House of Representatives that oversees the entire financial services industry, including the securities, insurance, banking and housing industries. The Financial Services Committee also oversees the work of the Federal Reserve, the United States Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other financial services regulators.

The Banking and Currency Committee was created on December 11, 1865. It was supposed to take over responsibilities of the Ways and Means Committee. It continued to use this name until 1968, when it became the current name.

Sources: (Chair), (Ranking Member), (D), (R)

The Financial Services Committee has six subcommittees.



Hebbville, Nova Scotia

Hebbville (2006 pop. 780) is an incorporated village bordering the town of Bridgewater in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, Canada.

Kingston, Nova Scotia

Kingston is a Canadian village in Kings County on the north bank of the Annapolis River in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. As of 2016, the population was 3,093.


United States House Committee on Oversight and Reform

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the main investigative committee of the United States House of Representatives.

The committee has broad jurisdiction and strong legislative authority, which makes it one of the most influential and powerful committees in the House. Its chairman is one of only three in the House that can make subpoenas without a committee vote or talking with the ranking member. However, recently, it has become common to not make a subpoena by themselves..

Carolyn Maloney (D-New York) became the acting chair of the committee after Elijah Cummings (D-Maryland) died on October 17, 2019; she was elected chair a month later.

The committee was called the Committee on Expenditures in the Executive Departments, and it was created in 1927 to combine 11 separate Committees on Expenditures that had overseen the spending of various federal departments.

In 1997, the Republican majority on the committee changed its rules to allow the chairman, Dan Burton (R-Indiana), to make subpoenas without asking the committee's ranking Democrat. From 1997 to 2002, Burton used this to make 1,052 subpoenas by himself. Many of those subpoenas were related to alleged misconduct by President Bill Clinton. This cost more than $35 million.

Sources: (Chair), (Ranking Member), (D), (R)

The Committee on Oversight and Reform has six subcommittees.


Lawrencetown, Annapolis County

Lawrencetown is a village within Annapolis County in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. The town was first settled in 1760 and named after Nova Scotia governor Charles Lawrence. the population was 516, a decrease of 17.4% over the previous five years.


New Minas

New Minas is a village located in the eastern part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley. As of 2011, the population was 5,135.

United States House Oversight Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties

The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties is a subcommittee within the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
The subcommittee is in charge of issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the equal protection of laws, including voting rights, freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; and criminal justice reform policies; and legislative and oversight jurisdiction over the Census Bureau and the Census.


Port Williams, Nova Scotia

Port Williams is a Canadian village in Kings County, Nova Scotia. It is located on the north bank of the Cornwallis River, named after Edward Cornwallis, first governor of Nova Scotia. As of 2016, the population was 1,120.



United States House Oversight Subcommittee on Environment

The Subcommittee on Environment is a subcommittee within the U.S. House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 

The subcommittee is in charge of issues about global climate change; environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality; oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy, research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over regulatory affairs and decreasing federal paperwork.

Pugwash, Nova Scotia

Pugwash is a village in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It had a population of 736 as of the 2016 census.



United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions

The U.S. House Financial Services Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions is a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services.

The subcommittee is in charge of overseeing all financial regulators, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Reserve. It is also in charge of all issues about consumer credit, including the Consumer Credit Protection Act, and access to financial services, as well as the safety of the banking system.


United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship and Capital Markets

The U.S. House Financial Services Subcommittee on Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship and Capital Markets is a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services.

The subcommittee reviews laws and programs related to the U.S. capital markets, the securities industry, and government-sponsored businesses, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It also oversees the Securities and Exchange Commission and organizations that regulate themselves, such as the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, that regulate the securities markets.


River Hebert, Nova Scotia

River Hebert is a village on the River Hebert in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.It is approximately 25 kilometres southwest of Amherst. As of 2006 the population was 543.

Hammerwich

Hammerwich is a small village and civil parish in Lichfield District, Staffordshire, England. It is south-east of Burntwood. About 700 people lived there in 2011.

St. Peter's, Nova Scotia

St. Peter's (Scottish Gaelic: "Baile Pheadair"; formerly known as "Santo Pedro", "Saint-Pierre", "Port Toulouse", and "St. Peters") is a small incorporated village located on Cape Breton Island in Richmond County, Nova Scotia, Canada.


PEN Oakland awards

The PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award is for U.S. multicultural writers. It is to "promote works by writers of all cultural and racial backgrounds and to educate both the public and the media as to the nature of multicultural work." It was created by PEN Oakland in 1991. It was named in honor of Josephine Miles. PEN Oakland was created in 1989. The award was called the "Blue Collar PEN Award" by "The New York Times".


Tatamagouche

Tatamagouche (Mi'kmaq: "Taqamiju’jk") is a village in Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada.


Tiverton, Nova Scotia

Tiverton is a small village located on the northeast tip of Long Island, Nova Scotia. Tiverton has a population of about 300 people. It was named for Tiverton, Devon. 

The main industry is lobster fishing, while a second, and growing industry, is tourism. The Bay of Fundy is known for whale watching, and Tiverton and the surrounding area offer several tours operating throughout the summer months. Another attraction is Balancing Rock, a large basalt column that appears to be balancing on its end on the southern shore just outside Tiverton.


Ernesto Nieto

Ernesto Nieto (born October 6, 1940) is the creator of the National Hispanic Institute. He has served as President since the organization's creation in 1979.

Ernesto Nieto was born in Houston, Texas. He went to Jefferson Davis High School and entered the University of Houston on an athletic scholarship. Nieto later went to Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas, where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Education in 1964 with a specialization in special education. After working on his graduate degree at the University of Houston, he served in various management jobs in both the state and federal government.

Westport, Nova Scotia

Westport, Nova Scotia is a village in Digby County, Nova Scotia and it is located on Brier Island in the Bay of Fundy. As of 2016, the population was 218.


Kanifing (Gambia)

Kanifing is one of eight Local Government Areas in The Gambia. The municipality has the most people of any of the administrative districts in Gambia. It is immediately west of the City of Banjul. It includes Serrekunda, the largest urban area in the Gambia.

Spike protein

A Spike protein or peplomer is a glycoprotein spike on the outside layer (or capsid) of a virus. When a virus attaches to a cell, these peplomers can only attach to certain receptors on the cell. They are very important for choosing which cell it attaches to and how infectious a virus is.


Brikama (Gambia)

Brikama is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. The headquarters of the Brikama LGA are at Brikama town. About 700,000 people lived there in 2013.

Mansa Konko

Mansa Konko is a town and Local Government Area in The Gambia. It is the capital city of the Lower River Region.

Kerewan (Gambia)

Kerewan is one of eight Local Government Areas (LGA) in the Gambia. It is north of the Gambia River. 

The city of Kerewan is the headquarters of the North Bank Region. In 2013 about 220,000 lived in the LGA. Of those, about 200,000 lived in the city.

Kuntaur (Gambia)

Kuntaur is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia.

The town of Kuntaur is the last inland port for large ships. It had about 3,000 people living there in 2013.

Michael Robinson (footballer)

Michael John Robinson (12 July 1958 – 27 April 2020) was an English-born professional footballer and sports commentator. He played as a striker.

Robinson was born in Leicester. He played in more than 300 official matches in England for five clubs, including Liverpool. He also played the last three seasons of his career in Spain with Osasuna. He represented the Republic of Ireland at international level.

Robinson retired in 1989. He became a Spanish citizen. He was also a television presenter. In December 2018, Robinson announced he had melanoma. He died in Marbella on 27 April 2020 at the age of 61.

Liverpool


Janjanbureh (Gambia)

Janjanbureh is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. 

The town of Janjanbureh is on MacCarthy Island in the Gambia River. It used to be named Georgetown.

Ozren Grabarić

Ozren Grabarić (born 17 July 1980) is a Croatian actor, member of the Gavella Theatre in Zagreb, often featured in TV series and in film. He is a professor at the Academy of Dramatic Art in Zagreb. He voiced Crane in the Croatian dub of the "Kung Fu Panda" films.

Basse (Gambia)

Basse is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. About 240,000 people lived there in 2013. It has a land area of 2,069.5 square kilometres. The division of Basse is Upper River Division. The district is Dillard East; and has a total population is 18,414. It is on the South bank of the Gambia River. The town is a branch banking centre; a market centre for peanuts, rice and cattle among the Fulani, Malinke, and Wolof peoples; and the last port of call for the government steamer from Banjul, 244 miles (393 km) downstream. The Basse health centre is the largest in the interior. Basse Santa Su is the town of Gambia, and is the regional headquarters of the Upper River Region (URR), and is one of the eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. 

Palatine bone

The palatine bone is a paired bone which forms part of the nasal cavity and hard palate. It is located between the maxilla and sphenoid bone. In simple terms it is on both sides of the nose.

Local government areas of the Gambia

The Gambia is divided into eight local government areas. These are divided into 43 districts. 

Secondary color

Secondary colors are colors made from two primary colors. Secondary colors can be made by mixing dyes, such as ink or paint, together. They can also be made when two lights shine into each other.

When mixed with a primary color, a secondary color makes a teritary color.

RGB is the color model of light. In it, the secondary colors are yellow, mixed from red and green, magenta, mixed from red and blue, and cyan, mixed from green and blue.

Computer screens use the primary colors of the RGB color model to show secondary colors. Each screen has tiny pixels that light up in different primary colors, which blur together to look like a secondary color is being shown.

CMY is the color model of dyes. The colors in it are like the ones in RGB, but their places are switched; cyan, magenta, and yellow are the primary colors, while red, green, and blue are the secondary colors instead.

Printers use inks based on the CMY primary colors to make the secondary colors that are on the pictures they print. However, the inks are usually not perfect, so a fourth ink is used with most printers. This is called CMYK.

RYB, or red yellow blue, is an older idea of what the primary and secondary colors are. It was once thought that the secondary colors are orange, mixed from red and yellow, green, mixed from yellow and blue, and purple, mixed from red and blue. This way of mixing colors was used for dyes before CMY became widely used. The blue in RYB is usually more of an azure color, which makes their likeness more clear.

Tertiary color

Tertiary colors are colors made by mixing a primary color and a secondary color.

A tertiary color can be made with inks or paints by mixing a material of a primary color with a material of a secondary color.

A tertiary color can be shown on a computer screen when the pixels are lit at a brightness between those of both a primary color and a secondary color.

Another kind of tertiary color is made when the secondary color is complementary to the primary color. This means the primary color is "not" one of the colors used to make the secondary color itself. They are opposite colors.

The result of mixing complementary colors in an additive color model is white. The result in a subtractive color model is black.

The colors shown on this list are from the RGB color model.

RGB

RGB, also called additive color mixing, is a color coding using light, with red, green, and blue. These three are mixed with different levels of brightness to create different colors. For example, to obtain white, they are blended with equal intensity for each. For black, no colour receives any intensity. 

There are several ways of representing RGB colors, which are used in different situations and purposes. In general, each RGB color consists of red, green and blue light, each of which shines with some intensity; the higher the intensity of (for example) green light, the more 'green' the overall color will seem. 

In some digital systems each of red, green and blue has 256 different intensities, from being completely turned off (level 0) to being completely turned on (level 255). The three intensities together are usually listed on their own to then represent the overall color. When the numbers are not annotated with the color they each represent, the first number represents the intensity of red, the second number that of green, and the third number that of blue. 

There are usually different ways of writing these lists, for example when creating websites. The most common way uses hexadecimal code, in which the numbers ranging from 0 to 255 can be represented using 2 digits. This only needs six hexadecimal digits (which may be the numbers 0-9 or the letters A-F) to represent RGB colors. When using hexadecimal code, these digits are preceded with a '#' character. See the Examples section below. 

An alternative way is to write the numbers in the conventional denary way, then usually enclosed in parentheses with the label 'RGB' to indicate what the numbers stand for. Within computer storage, the three numbers are just stored as binary numbers, much like any other data, though the binary representation is not usually used by humans directly. 

The below table shows a few examples of how RGB is used to blend different colours.

Police impersonation

Police impersonation is when someone pretends to be a police officer. It is illegal in most countries.

Prime Minister of Serbia

The Prime Minister of Serbia (Serbian: Премијер Србије / "Premijer Srbije"), officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Serbia (Председник Владе Републике Србије / "Predsednik Vlade Republike Srbije"), is the Head of government of Serbia. The prime minister works for the Government, and sends it to the National Assembly the Government's Program.

The current Prime Minister, Ana Brnabić was nominated by the former Prime Minister and newly elected President of the Republic, Aleksandar Vučić and elected and appointed by the National Assembly on 29 June 2017. 

Dragutin Zelenović

Dragutin Zelenović (; 19 May 1928 — 27 April 2020) was a Serbian educator and politician. He was rector of the University of Novi Sad. He was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. He was the Prime Minister of Serbia in 1991. 

He was a professor at the Faculty of Technical Sciences and Rector of the University of Novi Sad (1987–89). 

He died on 27 April 2020 in Novi Sad, aged 91.


Tanjung Pinang

Tanjung Pinang is the capital city of the Indonesian province of the Riau Islands. It covers a land area of 144.56 km. With an estimated population of 209,280 as of 2018, it is the second largest city of the province, after Batam. Tanjung Pinang is a historic city of the Malay culture, serving as the capital of Johor Sultanate and Riau-Lingga Sultanate.

Syahrul

Syahrul (August 30, 1960 – April 28, 2020) was an Indonesian politician, teacher, and member of the Great Indonesia Movement Party. He was the Mayor of Tanjung Pinang, and capital and second largest city in the Riau Islands, from September 21, 2018, until his death on April 28, 2020. He was Deputy Mayor of Tanjung Pinang from 2013 to 2018.

Syahrul died in April 2020 from COVID-19, aged 59.

Alexander Münninghoff

Alexander Münninghoff (13 April 1944 – 28 April 2020) was a Polish-born Dutch journalist and chess player. From 1974 to 2007, he worked for the "Haagsche Courant". Münninghoff wrote among others many articles and books about chess sport. He was born in Poznan, Poland. In 1983 he won the and in 2015 he won the for his book "De stamhouder".

Münninghoff died at his home in The Hague on 28 April 2020, aged 76.

Harland Svare

Harland James Svare (November 25, 1930 – April 4, 2020) was an American professional football player and coach. Svare was a linebacker who played eight seasons with the Los Angeles Rams and New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) from 1953 to 1960. He was the Rams head coach from the 1962 season through 1965 and the San Diego Chargers head coach from 1971 through 1973. He was born in Clarkfield, Minnesota.

Svare died on April 4, 2020 of respiratory arrest in Steamboat Springs, Colorado at the age of 89.

Clarkfield, Minnesota

Clarkfield is a city in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 852 at the 2020 census.

Granite Falls, Minnesota

Granite Falls is a city in Chippewa and Yellow Medicine counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was 2,737 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Yellow Medicine County.

Ronnie Earle

Ronald Dale Earle (February 23, 1942 – April 5, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas. From 1977 to 2009, he was the District Attorney of Travis County, Texas. He was known for being the lawyer that prosecuted House Majority Leader Tom DeLay for money laundering.

Earle died on April 5, 2020 in Austin, Texas after a long-illness, aged 78.

Albert H. Wilkening

Major General Albert H. Wilkening (February 1, 1946 – April 8, 2020) was an American major general. He was an adjutant general of Wisconsin from 2002 to 2007. He was responsible for both the federal and state missions of the Wisconsin Army and Air National Guard and the Wisconsin Division of Emergency Management. 

In March 2003, Wilkening was appointed by Governor Jim Doyle as in charge of the Homeland Security Council in Wisconsin and to be the governor's homeland security advisor. He was born in Freeport, New York.

Wilkening died of pancreatic cancer in Wisconsin on April 8, 2020, at the age of 74.

Freeport, New York

Freeport (officially The Incorporated Village of Freeport) is a village in the town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, US, on the South Shore of Long Island. The population was 44,472 at the 2020 census.

Jim Doyle

James Edward Doyle, Jr., (born November 23, 1945) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 44th Governor of Wisconsin from January 6, 2003 to January 3, 2011.

Marianne Lundquist

Ingrid Marianne Lundquist (later "Grane", 24 July 1931 – 10 April 2020) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer. She was born in Stockholm. Lundquist won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships. She competed at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics. 

Lundquist died on 10 April 2020 from COVID-19 in Stockholm, aged 88.

Lowell A. Reed Jr.

Lowell A. Reed Jr. (June 21, 1930 – April 11, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania from 1988 to 1999. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan. Reed Jr. was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania.

Reed Jr. died on April 11, 2020 in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania of Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 89.

Jenkintown, Pennsylvania

Jenkintown is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, about 10 miles (16 km) north of Philadelphia.

Axel Berg (footballer)

Axel August Berg (8 July 1938 – 12 April 2020) was a Norwegian football winger. He played for Lyn between 1955 and 1965 and the national team from 1959 and 1961. 

Berg died on 12 April 2020, aged 81.

Elisabeth Berge

Elisabeth Berge (27 November 1954 – 13 April 2020) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. She worked in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy from 1981 to 1990. She then worked in Statoil from 1990 to 2004. Beginning in 2001, she was chief of communications. In 2004 she was appointed permanent under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy.

Berge died on 13 April 2020, aged 65.

Paul Ronty

Paul Ronty (July 12, 1928 – April 22, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. Ronty started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1947. He also played for the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens. He retired after the 1955 season. He was born in Toronto.

Ronty died on April 22, 2020 in Newton, Massachusetts at the age of 91.

Brian Stepanek

Brian Patrick Stepanek (born February 6, 1971) is an American actor. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He is known for his role as Arwin Hawkhauser on the Disney Channel Original Series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and Brian on "Brian O'Brian". He was also a Sector Seven Agent in the 2007 Michael Bay movie "Transformers". He played Tom Harper on the Nickelodeon series "Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn" from 2014 to 2018.

Lynn Harrell

Lynn Harrell (January 30, 1944 – April 27, 2020) was an American classical cellist. He was born in New York City. Harrell made his recital debut in New York in 1971. He was the Music Director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Institute from 1988 to 1992. From 1986 to 1993, he held the post of "Gregor Piatigorsky Endowed Chair in Violoncello" at the University of Southern California. 

Harrell died on April 27, 2020 in Santa Monica, California of cardiac arrest at the age of 76.

Francesco Perrone

Francesco Perrone (3 December 1930 – 27 April 2020) was an Italian long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1960 Summer Olympics. Perrone was an athlete of the Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Oro. He was born in Cellino San Marco, Italy.

Perrone died of COVID-19 on 27 April 2020 in Bari, Italy at the age of 89.


Mohammad Shariff (admiral)

Admiral Mohammad Shariff (Urdu: ايڈمرل محمد شريف ; born 1920 – 27 April 2020), was a four-star rank admiral. He was an important figure in the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. He was the Chief of Naval Staff from 1975 to 1979 and Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 1977 to 1980.

Shariff died on 27 April 2020, aged 99.

Kim Rhodes

Kimberly Rhodes (born June 7, 1969) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Ensign Lydnsey Ballard in "" episode of "Star Trek Voyager", Cindy Harrison on two different soap operas, "Another World" and "As the World Turns", and as Carey Martin in the Disney Channel sitcom "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and "The Suite Life on Deck", She is also known for playing Sheriff Jody Mills on "Supernatural".

Nur Yerlitaş

Nuray "Nur" Yerlitaş (11 August 1955 – 27 April 2020) was a Turkish fashion designer. She was born in Istanbul. She was a judge on the television reality show "İşte Benim Stilim" from 2015 to 2017. She started her career by selling accessories from Italy. In the following years she opened her own boutique and entered into designing business.

In August 2018, Yerlitaş was diagnosed with brain cancer. She died on 27 April 2020 at her home in Istanbul from the disease, aged 64.

Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto

Fra' Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto (9 December 1944 – 29 April 2020) was an Italian nobility. He was the 80th Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta in 2008 and again from 2017 until his death. 

His full title is "His Most Eminent Highness Fra' Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto, Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta, Most Humble Guardian of the Poor of Jesus Christ". He was born in Rome. 

Dalla Torre died on 29 April 2020 in Rome from throat cancer, aged 75.

List of grand masters of the Knights Hospitaller

This is a list of Grand Masters of the Knights Hospitaller including their replacement Sovereign Military Order of Malta after 1798.

Adjara

Adjara is a region of Georgia. Its official name is Autonomous Republic of Adjara. The capital city is Batumi, which is the 2nd largest city in Georgia.

The region is on the coast of the Black Sea near the foot of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains. About 333,953 people live there (2014).

There are 5 municipalities plus the city of Batumi. The five municipalities are:



Ludwig Hoffmann-Rumerstein

Fra' Ludwig Hoffmann von Rumerstein (born January 21, 1937) is an Austrian nobility. He was the interim Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta in 2017. From 1994 to 2004 and again from 2014 to 2019, he was Grand Commander of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was born in Innsbruck.

Ron Marlenee

Ronald Charles "Ron" Marlenee (August 8, 1935 – April 26, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was in the United States House of Representatives from Montana between January 3, 1977 to January 3, 1993. He represented . Marlenee was born in Scobey, Montana.

Marlenee died on April 26, 2020 in Bozeman, Montana of a short-illness, aged 84.

South Berwick, Maine

South Berwick is a town in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 7,467 at the 2020 census.

York County, Maine

York County is the southwesternmost county in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 211,972. Its county seat is Alfred.

Alfred, Maine

Alfred is a town in York County, Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 3,073. Alfred is the seat of York County.

Guria

Guria is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Ozurgeti. It is bordered by the eastern end of the Black Sea.

Guria is divided into 3 municipalities:


Auburn, Maine

Auburn is a small city in south-central Maine, United States. The city is the county seat of Androscoggin County. The population was 24,061 at the 2020 census. Auburn and its sister city Lewiston are known locally as the Twin Cities or Lewiston–Auburn (L–A).

Auburn has 20 listings on the National Register of Historic Places they are listed below.

Ellsworth, Maine

Ellsworth is a city in and the county seat of Hancock County, Maine, United States. The 2020 Census it had a population of 8,399.

Rockland, Maine

Rockland is a city in Knox County, Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 6,936. It is the county seat of Knox County. 

Wiscasset, Maine

Wiscasset is a town in and the seat of Lincoln County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,742 as of the 2020 census. 

Penobscot County, Maine

Penobscot County is a county in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 152,199. Its county seat is Bangor. Penobscot County is home to the University of Maine.

Piscataquis County, Maine

Piscataquis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, its population was 16,800, making it Maine's least-populous county. Its county seat is Dover-Foxcroft.

Sagadahoc County, Maine

Sagadahoc County ( ) is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 36,699. The county seat is Bath.

Paris, Maine

Paris is a town in and the county seat of Oxford County, Maine, United States. 5,179 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Oxford County, Maine

Oxford County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 57,777. Its county seat is the town of Paris.

Belfast, Maine

Belfast is a city in Waldo County, Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 6,938.

Waldo County, Maine

Waldo County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 39,607. The county seat is Belfast. 

Machias, Maine

Machias is a town in and the county seat of Washington County in downeast Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 2,060.

Imereti

Imereti is a region of Georgia. The capital city is Kutaisi. It is along the Rioni River.

Imereti has the following divisions:


Kings of Imereti included:

Washington County, Maine

Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, its population was 31,095, making it the third-least populous county in Maine. Its county seat is Machias. 

South Paris, Maine

South Paris is a census-designated place (CDP) located within the town of Paris in Oxford County, Maine, in the United States. The population was 2,183 at the 2020 census.

South Paris is located at (44.221609, -70.514603).

Kakheti

Kakheti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Telavi. It include the Tsiv-Gombori mountain range and Alazani River.

The Georgian David Gareja monastery complex is partly in this province. There is a border dispute between Georgian and Azerbaijani authorities. Popular tourist attractions in Kakheti include Tusheti, Gremi, Signagi, Kvetra, Bodbe, Lagodekhi Protected Areas and Alaverdi Monastery.

The Kakheti region is divided into eight municipalities:

Kvemo Kartli

Kvemo Kartli is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Rustavi.
Kvemo Kartli is divided into 6 municipalities and 1 special status city, Rustavi:

Mtskheta-Mtianeti

Mtskheta-Mtianeti is a region (Mkhare) in eastern Georgia. The capital city is Mtskheta. The western part is controlled by the Republic of South Ossetia.

The region has five municipalities:

Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti

Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Ambrolauri. Part of the region is controlled by South Ossetia. Besides Ambrolauri, the region includes the municipalities of Lentekhi, Oni, and Tsageri.

The region has the historical provinces of Racha, Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti. 

Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti

Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Zugdidi.

The region is divided into:

Samtskhe-Javakheti

Samtskhe–Javakheti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Akhaltsikhe. It has the historical provinces of Meskheti, Javakheti and Tori.

The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline, the South Caucasus natural gas pipeline, and the Kars–Tbilisi–Baku railway pass through the region.

The major tourist attractions are the cave monasteries of Vardzia, Vanis Kvabebi, Rabati Castle and Khertvisi fortress.

The region has six municipalities:

The Nebraskan

The Nebraskan is a 1953 American western movie. It was directed by Fred F. Sears. Actors include Philip Carey, Roberta Haynes, Wallace Ford, Lee Van Cleef, Richard Webb, and Dennis Weaver. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Shida Kartli

Shida Kartli is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Gori. Part of the region is under South Ossetian control.

It is in a lowland between the Greater and Lesser Caucasus. The Ksani River is in the east.

Shida Kartli is divided into 5 municipalities. The municipalities are:

Invaders from Mars (1953 movie)

Invaders from Mars is a 1953 American science fiction movie. It was directed by William Cameron Menzies. Actors include Jimmy Hunt, Helena Carter, Arthur Franz, Morris Ankrum, Leif Erickson, Max Wagner, Walter Sande, and Hillary Brooke. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. There was a remake in 1986.


Mkhare

A mkhare is a type of administrative division in the country of Georgia. It is usually translated as "region".

The regions are further divided into "raionis" (districts). There are 9 regions in Georgia.

House of Wax

House of Wax is a 1953 American horror thriller movie. It was directed by Andre DeToth. It is a remake of the 1933 movie "Mystery of the Wax Museum" (1933). Actors include Vincent Price, Frank Lovejoy, Phyllis Kirk, Carolyn Jones, Roy Roberts, and Charles Bronson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. It was remade in 2005 as "House of Wax".


Cole Younger, Gunfighter

Cole Younger, Gunfighter is a 1958 American western movie. It was directed by R. G. Springsteen. The movie is based on the 1950 novel "The Desperado" by Clifton Adams. Actors include Frank Lovejoy, James Best, Abby Dalton, Jan Merlin, Frank Ferguson, and Ainslie Pryor. It was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures.

King of the Khyber Rifles (movie)

King of the Khyber Rifles is a 1953 American adventure movie. It was directed by Henry King. The movie is based on the 1916 novel of the same name by Talbot Mundy. The novel was also the basis of the 1929 movie "The Black Witch". Actors include Tyrone Power, Terry Moore, Michael Rennie, Guy Rolfe, Richard Wyler, and John Farrow. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Eddy Pieters Graafland

Eddy Pieters Graafland (5 January 1934 – 28 April 2020) was a Dutch football goalkeeper and football manager. He played for Ajax and Feyenoord and was part of Feyenoord's European Cup victory in 1970. He was born in Amsterdam. He earned 47 caps for the Netherlands national football team. He was regarded to be one of the best Dutch goalkeepers ever. His nickname was, after his abbreviated surname, Eddy PG. He was a renowned penalty stopper, and kept a notebook with potential penalty takers' favorite side. In 1999, he was voted the third Dutch goalkeeper, after Hans van Breukelen and Edwin van der Sar, in the election of European goalkeeper of the twentieth century organized by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).

Eddy PG, his nickname, started playing football at the age of eleven at Ajax Amsterdam. He made his senior debut in 1951 at the age of seventeen. In the mid-1950s, Pieters Graafland did his military service in Arnhem. During this time he trained with the Vitesse Arnhem team. After completing his military service, he returned to Amsterdam and became Dutch champions with Ajax in 1957.

In 1958 he moved to Feyenoord Rotterdam for the then record amount of 134,000 guilders. He also won the championship title there in 1961 and 1962. In 1965 and 1969 he won the league and KNVB Cup double with Feyenoord.

For the 1969/70 season he lost his regular place to Eddy Treijtel. Feyenoord reached the European Cup final against Celtic Glasgow this season. When coach Ernst Happel wanted to field him for the final, Pieters Graafland initially refused. However, he reversed his decision and won the final with Feyenoord. It was his last official game in professional football.

On April 28, 1957, Eddy made his debut for the Dutch in a game against Belgium at the Olympic Stadium, the match ended in a 1-1 draw. He made his international farewell in 1967, He would play for the Dutch national team 47 times.

After his playing career he started a trade in promotional and business gifts. Pieters Graafland's hobby was making amateur film images. Parts of the films he made during his sporting career were regularly broadcast in various sports programs on television. He shot the images of Jan Janssen's Tour de France victory in 1968.

Pieters Graafland was a knight in the Order of Oranje-Nassau. In 2017, he and his wife Teddy celebrated their diamond wedding.

Pieters Graafland died on 28 April 2020 in Amsterdam, aged 86.

Ajax

Feyenoord

Ayutla, San Marcos

Ayutla () is a municipality in the San Marcos Department of Guatemala. It is located along the Suchiate River natural border with Mexico in the southern part of the department.

Erik Súñiga

Erik Salvador Suñiga Rodriguez (19 November 1975 – 18 April 2020) was a Salvadoran-born Guatemalan politician. He was born in Nueva Concepción, El Salvador. From 2008 to 2019, he was Mayor of Ayutla, San Marcos.

In December 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department sanctioned Zúñiga as they believed that he was "a major drug trafficker" and that Zúñiga controlled a drug trafficking organization and supplied cocaine to the Sinaloa Cartel.

Súñiga died on 18 April 2020 of pancreatic cancer in Houston, Texas, aged 44.

Sinaloa Cartel

The Sinaloa Cartel (), also known as the Guzmán-Loera Organization, the Pacific Cartel, the Federation and the Blood Alliance, is an international drug trafficking, money laundering, and organized crime group established during the late 1980s. The cartel is in the city of Culiacán, Sinaloa, with operations in the Mexican states of Baja California, Durango, Sonora, and Chihuahua. 

The United States calls the Sinaloa Cartel "the most powerful drug trafficking organization in the world" and in 2011, the "Los Angeles Times" called it "Mexico's most powerful organized crime group." The group makes and sells opium, marijuana, heroin and cocaine. They also do human trafficking.

Gina Rodriguez

Gina Alexis Rodriguez-LoCicero ("née" Rodriguez; born July 30, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Jane Villanueva in The CW satirical romantic dramedy series "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019).

She also starred in "Deepwater Horizon" (2016), "Ferdinand" (2017), "Annihilation" (2018), "Smallfoot" (2018), "Miss Bala" (2019), "Someone Great" (2019) and "Scoob!" (2020). 

Born in Chicago, she was raised in the Belmont Cragin neighborhood of the city.

Abbott and Costello Go to Mars

Abbott and Costello Go to Mars is a 1953 American science fiction comedy movie. It is directed by Charles Lamont. Actors include: Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Mari Blanchard, Robert Paige, Dudley Dickerson, and Harry Shearer. The movie was distributed by Universal Pictures. 

The Black Cat (1934 movie)

The Black Cat is a 1934 American psychological horror movie. It is directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. The movie is based on the short story "The Black Cat" by Edgar Allan Poe. Actors include: Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Harry Cording, David Manners, Julie Bishop, and Lucille Lund. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

This was the first movie with both Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi.


Häxan

Häxan (Danish: Heksen) is a Swedish Danish movie. The English title is The Witches or Witchcraft Through the Ages. Benjamin Christensen wrote, directed and starred in the movie. Other actors include: Oscar Stribolt, Astrid Holm, Ib Schønberg, and Elith Pio. It was distributed by Skandias Filmbyrå.


Japanese War Bride

Japanese War Bride is a 1952 American drama movie. It is also known as East is East. It was directed by King Vidor. The movie stars Shirley Yamaguchi, Don Taylor, Cameron Mitchell, and Marie Windsor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Rough Night in Jericho

Rough Night in Jericho is a 1967 American western movie. It was directed by Arnold Laven. The movie is based on the novel "The Man in Black" by Marvin H. Albert, who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Dean Martin, George Peppard, Jean Simmons, Steve Sandor, and Don Galloway. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Tobruk (1967 movie)

Tobruk is a 1967 American World War II drama movie. It was directed by Arthur Hiller. Actors included Rock Hudson, George Peppard, Nigel Green, Norman Rossington, and Guy Stockwall. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

"Tobruk" received an Academy Award nomination for Special Visual Effects in 1968.


Jinnat Ali

Jinnat Ali (1996 – 28 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi citizen. He was the tallest person in Bangladesh. When he was eleven, Ali's body suddenly started to grow unusually fast. His body continued to grow at the age of 23. His growth was caused by acromegalic gigantism, a condition caused by a tumor on his pituitary gland.

Ali died on 28 April 2020 of brain cancer in Chittagong, Bangladesh at the age of 23.

Robert Torti

Robert Felix Torti (born October 22, 1961) is an American actor and singer. Torti was born in Van Nuys, California. His career began with his role as Jesus and Jack in both the New York City and Los Angeles stage productions of "Reefer Madness".

He also played Kurt Martin on the Disney television series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and "The Suite Life on Deck".


Accident (1967 movie)

Accident is a 1967 British drama movie. It was directed by Joseph Losey. The movie is based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Nicholas Mosley (who also stars). Other actors include Dirk Bogarde, Stanley Baker, Jacqueline Sassard, Michael York, Vivien Merchant, and Freddie Jones. It was distributed by London Independent Producers.

At the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, it won the award for Grand Prix Spécial du Jury.

Frankenstein Created Woman

Frankenstein Created Woman is a 1967 British Hammer horror movie. It was directed by Terence Fisher. It is the fourth movie in the "Hammer's Frankenstein series". Actors include Peter Cushing, Susan Denberg, Derek Fowlds, Barry Warden, Thorley Walters, Robert Morris, and Colin Jeavons. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Villain (1971 movie)

Villain is a 1971 British crime drama movie. It was directed by Michael Tuchner The movie is based on the 1968 novel "The Burden of Proof" by James Barlow. Actors include Richard Burton, Ian McShane, Nigel Davenport, Joss Ackland, Donald Sinden, Fiona Lewis, Tony Selby, and John Hallam. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Man with One Red Shoe

The Man with One Red Shoe is a 1985 American comedy thriller movie. It was directed by Stan Dragoti. It is a remake of the 1972 movie "Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire". Actors include Tom Hanks, Dabney Coleman, Lori Singer, Jim Belushi, Carrie Fisher, Charles Durning, and David Ogden Stiers. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office disappointment.


Hello-Goodbye

Hello-Goodbye is a 1970 British comedy movie. It was directed by Jean Negulesco. Actors include Michael Crawford, Genevieve Gilles, Curd Jürgens, Princess Ira von Fürstenberg, and Jeffry Wickham. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Far Country

The Far Country is a 1954 American romantic western movie. It was directed by Anthony Mann. The movie stars James Stewart, Ruth Roman, Corinne Calvert, and Walter Brennan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


The Yellow Mountain

The Yellow Mountain is a 1954 American western comedy drama movie. It was directed by Jesse Hibbs. Actors include Lex Barker, Mala Powers, Howard Duff, Leo Gordon, and William Demarest. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Don't Bother to Knock

Don't Bother to Knock is a 1952 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Roy Ward Baker. The movie is based on the 1951 novel "Mischief" by Charlotte Armstrong. Actors include Marilyn Monroe, Richard Widmark, Enrique Peña Nieto, Elisha Cook Jr., Anne Bancroft, and Jeanne Cagney. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Yellow Canary

The Yellow Canary is a 1963 American thriller movie. It was directed by Buzz Kulik. The movie is based on the novel by Whit Masterson. It stars Pat Boone, Barbara Eden, Steve Forrest, Jack Klugman, and Harold Gould. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Safe Place

A Safe Place is a 1971 American drama movie. It was directed by Henry Jaglom. Actors include Orson Welles, Jack Nicholson, Tuesday Weld, Philip Proctor, and Francesca Hilton. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The movie did not make much money in ticket sales.

A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon

A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon is a 1988 coming-of-age drama movie. It is also known as Aren't You Even Gonna Kiss Me Goodbye? The movie is directed and based on the novel by William Richert. Actors include River Phoenix, Ann Magnuson, Meredith Salenger, Matthew Perry, Ione Skye, Alison Goldfrapp, and Paul Kosol. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


James Roosevelt I

James Roosevelt I (July 16, 1828 – December 8, 1900) was an American businessman, politician, horse breeder, and the father of Franklin D. Roosevelt, who became the 32nd president of the United States.

Economy of South Africa

The economy of South Africa is the second largest in Africa, after Nigeria. South Africa is an upper-middle-income economy. South Africa's Gross Domestic Product almost tripled to peak at $400 billion in 2011. South Africa has a Population of 58,775,022 (2019 est.). the currency of south Africa is in South African rand and the Main industries are mining (South Africa is the world's largest producer of platinum).

Koriya district

Koriya district, officially known as Korea district, is a district in the north-western part of the Chhattisgarh state in Central India. The administrative headquarters of the district is Baikunthpur.

Not much was known about the area before the 16th century. The district was formed on 25 May 1998.

Maj Sjöwall

Maj Sjöwall (25 September 1935 – 29 April 2020) was a Swedish author and translator. She was born in Stockholm. She was best known for the work with her partner Per Wahlöö on a series of ten novels about the adventures of Martin Beck, a police detective in Stockholm. They also wrote novels separately. 

In 1971, the fourth of the Beck books, "The Laughing Policeman" won an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Novel and was made into the movie "The Laughing Policeman".

Sjöwall died on 29 April 2020 at a hospital in Landskrona, Sweden of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 84.

Hema Bharali

Hema Bharali (19 February 1919 – 29 April 2020) was an Indian freedom activist, social worker, Sarvodaya leader and Gandhian. She was born in Assam, India. She was known for her works to the empowerment of women in India. The Government of India awarded her the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2005. She was involved with the "Padayatra" in connection with the Bhoodan movement and was a founder member of the executive council of the Central Social Welfare Board (CSWB).

Bharali died on 29 April 2020 in Assam, aged 101.

Eavan Boland

Eavan Frances Boland (24 September 1944 – 27 April 2020) was an Irish poet, author, and educator. She was a professor at Stanford University, where she had taught beginning in 1996. Her poems were about Irish national identity, and the role of women in Irish history. She was a recipient of the Lannan Literary Award for Poetry. Boland was born in Dublin. 

Boland died on 27 April 2020, aged 75, from a stroke.

Nick Kotz

Nathan "Nick" K. Kotz (September 16, 1932 – April 26, 2020) was an American journalist, author, and historian. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. He was best known for his 2005 book "Judgment Days: Lyndon Baines Johnson, Martin Luther King Jr., and the Laws that Changed America" talking about the roles of President Lyndon B. Johnson and Martin Luther King Jr. in the passage of the 1964, 1965, and 1968 civil rights laws. Kotz won a Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting in 1968.

Kotz was killed outside his farm on April 26, 2020 in Broad Run, Virginia after being hit by his car, aged 87.

Deaths in June 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in June 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

 


































Deaths in July 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in July 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

 



































Deaths in August 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in September 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in October 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in October 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in November 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in December 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in December 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Jānis Lūsis

Jānis Lūsis (19 May 1939 – 29 April 2020) was a Latvian athlete. He competed in javelin throw. In 2014 he was added into IAAF Hall of Fame. He competed in four Summer Olympics for the USSR team, winning bronze in 1964 Olympics, gold in 1968 Olympics and silver in 1972 Olympics. He was born in Jelgava, Latvia.

Lūsis died on 29 April 2020 in Ogre, Latvia of cancer, aged 80.

Tony Lloyd

Sir Anthony Joseph Lloyd (25 February 1950 – 17 January 2024) was a British Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochdale in 2017. Between 1983 and 1997, he was MP for Stretford. He then represented Manchester Central until 2012. Formerly Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner between 2012 and 2017, and was interim Mayor of Greater Manchester between 2015 and 2017. 

Lloyd was Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland between 2018 and 2020, resigning on 28 April 2020, to recover from COVID-19.

On February 15, 2021, he undertook support for Darya Chultsova, Belarusian political prisoner.

In January 2023, Lloyd revealed that he was undergoing chemotherapy after a recent cancer diagnosis. 

On 11 January 2024, Lloyd announced that he had chosen to end hospital treatment for an "aggressive and untreatable leukaemia". He died a week later on 17 January from the disease, aged 73.


Nick Cordero

Nicholas Eduardo Alberto Cordero (September 17, 1978 – July 5, 2020) was a Canadian actor. He appeared on Broadway in 2014 in the musical "Bullets Over Broadway" in the role of Cheech, for which he was nominated for the Tony Award and the Drama Desk Award. He also starred in the Off-Broadway production of "The Toxic Avenger" and as Dennis in "Rock of Ages" on Broadway in 2012 and on tour. In March 2016, he joined the Broadway production of "Waitress", playing the role of Earl. On television, he played Victor Lugo in "Blue Bloods".

In April 2020, Cordero was diagnosed with COVID-19. His right leg was amputated as a result of problems from his illness. On May 1, 2020, he had a lung damage and was given a tracheotomy.

Cordero died from problems caused by the infection on July 5, 2020 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, aged 41. 

Per Wahlöö

Per Fredrik Wahlöö (5 August 1926 – 22 June 1975) was a Swedish author. He was perhaps best known for the works with his partner Maj Sjöwall on a series of ten novels about the adventures of Martin Beck, a police detective in Stockholm, published between 1965 and 1975. In 1971. He won an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America. 

Wahlöö had a thirteen-year relationship with his colleague Maj Sjöwall but never married her, as he already was married. 

He died on 22 June 1975 from problems caused by pancreas surgery in Malmö, Sweden at the age of 48.

Novels written by Per Wahlöö alone (see Martin Beck for joint collaboration with Sjöwall)

Mike Sullivan (governor)

Michael John Sullivan (born September 22, 1939) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 29th Governor of Wyoming from 1987 to 1995, and United States Ambassador to Ireland from 1998 to 2001.

Jim Guy Tucker

James Guy Tucker Jr. (born June 13, 1943) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 43rd Governor of Arkansas from 1992 to 1996 and a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1979.

Tucker resigned the governorship after his conviction for fraud during the Whitewater affair.

Warrensburg, Missouri

Warrensburg is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 19,337 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Johnson County. 

Posthumous award

A posthumous award is an award given after the recipient has died.

Many prizes, medals, and awards can be granted . Australian actor Heath Ledger, for example, won the Academy Award after his death in 2008. 

Military decorations, such as Hero of the Soviet Union or the Medal of Honor, are often given posthumously. Sports awards and titles can be awarded posthumously, for example 1970 Formula One champion Jochen Rindt, who died in a crash late in the season, but still had enough points to be named champion.

List of governors of Hawaii

This is a list of people who were the Governor of Hawaii.

The Republic of Hawaii was annexed by the United States in 1898. It became the Hawaii Territory in 1900. Hawaii became a state in 1959. The Republic had only one president, Sanford B. Dole. He was also the first territorial governor. Between 1893 and 1894, Hawaii was under the Provisional Government of Hawaii. It had no formal leader. Before 1893, Hawaii was a monarchy. Queen Lili'uokalani was the last Queen of Hawaii.

Hawaii Territory was organized on June 14, 1900. It was a territory for 59 years. Twelve people served as territorial governor. They were chosen by the President of the United States.

Hawaii became a state on August 21, 1959. The state was made up of Hawaii Territory without Palmyra Atoll. Since then, there have been seven governors.

The governor is elected to a four-year term. It begins on the first Monday in the December after the election. The lieutenant governor is elected for the same term. Since 1964, they have been elected on the same ticket. The 1978 constitutional convention set a term limit of two consecutive terms for both offices. If the office of governor is vacant, the lieutenant governor becomes governor. If the governor is out of the state or unable to do their duties, the lieutenant governor acts as governor.

John D. Waiheʻe III

John David Waihee III (born May 19, 1946) is an American politician. He was the fourth governor of Hawaii from 1986 to 1994. He was the first American of Native Hawaiian descent to be elected to the office from any state of the United States.

List of governors of Indiana

The Governor of Indiana is the chief executive of the U.S. state of Indiana. The governor is the head of the executive branch of Indiana's state government and is charged with enforcing state laws.

Indiana Territory was formed on July 4, 1800, from the Northwest Territory. Despite remaining a territory for nearly 16 years, it had only two governors appointed by the President of the United States before it became a state.

Indiana was admitted to the Union on December 11, 1816.

The original 1816 Constitution of Indiana provided for the election of a governor and a lieutenant governor every three years, limited to six years out of any nine-year period. The second and current constitution of 1851 lengthened terms to four years and set the commencement of the governor's term on the second Monday in the January following the election. Governors were allowed to serve for four years in any eight-year period, but a 1972 amendment permitted governors to serve for eight years in any twelve-year period. Should the office of governor become vacant, the lieutenant governor becomes governor. If the office of lieutenant governor is vacant, the president "pro tempore" of the Indiana Senate becomes governor; this has happened once, when James B. Ray succeeded William Hendricks.

Trevor Cherry

Trevor John Cherry (23 February 1948 – 29 April 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played as a defender.

Cherry was born in Huddersfield. He played for Huddersfield Town, Leeds United and Bradford City. He made a total of 27 international caps for the England national team. He was the third England international to be shown a red card. He later managed Bradford City from 1982 to 1987. While he was manager, Valley Parade, Bradford's home ground, was the scene of a fire. 56 people died, with at least 265 injured.

Cherry died on 29 April 2020 at the age of 72.

List of governors of Kentucky

The Governor of Kentucky is the head of the executive branch of Kentucky's state government. Here is the list of individuals who became Governor. 

Brereton C. Jones

Brereton Chandler Jones (June 27, 1939 – September 18, 2023) was an American politician. From 1987 to 1991, he was the 50th lieutenant governor of Kentucky and from 1991 to 1995, he was the state's 58th governor.

Jones died on September 18, 2023 at his farm in Midway, Kentucky from a long-illness at the age of 84.

List of governors of Maryland

The governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of the U.S. state of Maryland and is commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is the highest-ranking official in the state, and the constitutional powers of Maryland's governors make them among the most powerful governors in the United States.

William Donald Schaefer

William Donald Schaefer (November 2, 1921 – April 18, 2011) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was the 44th Mayor of Baltimore from December 1971 to January 1987, the 58th Governor of Maryland from January 21, 1987 to January 18, 1995. He also was the 32nd Comptroller of Maryland from January 20, 1999 to January 17, 2007. 

On September 12, 2006, Schaefer lost his reelection bid for a third term as Comptroller by Maryland Delegate Peter Franchot in the Democratic Party primary.

Catonsville, Maryland

Catonsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. The population was 44,701 at the 2020 census.

Gallipolis, Ohio

Gallipolis ( ) is a chartered village in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Gallia County. The population was 3,313 at the 2020 census. 

Gallia County, Ohio

Gallia County (pronunciation: "GAL-yuh") is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,220. Its county seat is Gallipolis.

List of governors of Minnesota

The following is a list of governors of the State of Minnesota and Minnesota Territory, United States.


List of governors of New Hampshire

This is a list of governors of New Hampshire, in the United States.

The last of the colonial governors of New Hampshire fled in 1775.


List of governors of New Jersey

The Governor of New Jersey is the head of the executive branch of New Jersey's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

Richard Codey

Richard James Codey (born November 27, 1946) is an American Democratic Party politician. He was the 53rd Governor of New Jersey from 2004 to 2006. He was in the New Jersey Senate since 1982 and was the President of the Senate from 2002 to 2010. 

List of governors of New York

This is a list of people who served as the governor of New York.

List of governors of North Carolina

Here is the list of individuals who became the Governor of North Carolina.


Notes:

List of governors of Tennessee

This is a list of people who have served as Governor of Tennessee.

The Territory South of the River Ohio, commonly called the Southwest Territory, was formed in 1790 from lands ceded by North Carolina to the United States government. The territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Tennessee in 1796.



List of governors of Texas

The governor of Texas is the chief executive of the U.S. State of Texas, the presiding officer over the executive branch of the Government of Texas, and the commander-in-chief of the Texas National Guard, the state's militia.

List of governors of Vermont

Here is the list of individuals who became the Governor of Vermont.

 (6)
 (6)

Jukka Rasila

Jukka Rasila (born August 12, 1969) is a Finnish actor and voice actor.




List of governors of Virginia

The following is a list of the governors of the Commonwealth of Virginia.


List of governors of Wisconsin

The Governor of Wisconsin is the head of the executive branch of Wisconsin's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's army and air forces.


List of governors of Puerto Rico

The following list are the people who became the Governor of Puerto Rico.

 (8)<br>

Oghlan Bakhshi

Oghlan Bakhshi (born Mohammad Geldi Geldi Nejad, in 1993, in Gonbad-e Kavus, Iran) is a Turkmen musician. He started learning music alongside his father, Adbol-Ghaffar Geldi Nejad, who was director of a musical school. He was taught by Chari Sahetmuradov, Akmurad Chariev, and Osman Gujimov.

Geldi Nejad began playing music when he was 6 years old. When he was 9 years old, Turkmen music professors granted him the title Oghlan Bakhshi(Turkmen: Oglan bagşy). 

In Turkmen music, "Bakhshi" is a person who can masterfully perform the dutar and sing, and "Oghlan" means child. Therefore, Oghlan Bakhshi () is a person who has mastered the Dutar and singing as a child.

In June 2004, Goldi Nejad won first place in the Shiraz Arts Festival. In February 2005, he won the title of the "best selection of the festival" at the Fajr International Music Festival.

In 2005 he won first prize at the 6th Iranian regional music festival. 

In 2008 he won first place at the World Festival of Youth Folk Music in Prague, Czech Republic. He was the representative from Iran at the festival.

In 2011 at the Turkmen President's Cultural and Artistic Competition, also known as the Golden Age of Turkmenistan Competition, he won the Turkmenistan Culture Award and a gold medal.

In 2015 his performance was published in the book called "The Music of Central Asia", page 119-120 of the book, the title "The Art of the Turkmen Bagshy" (Chapter 7).

Wave elections in the United States

In political science, a wave election is one in which a political party wins a lot more than the other. In the United States, there is no agreement of how many wins are needed to be called a wave election.

Congressional incumbents in the United States have an advantage over challengers, but a wave election often helps challengers. This results in many more incumbents losing than usual during wave elections.


Clash by Night

Clash by Night is a 1952 film noir drama movie. It was directed by Fritz Lang. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Clifford Odets. It stars Marilyn Monroe, Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Ryan, and Keith Andres. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Brian Brown (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir Brian Thomas Brown, (31 August 1934 – 27 April 2020) was a British senior Royal Navy officer. He was Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel from 1988 to 1991. Brown was born in Fratton, Portsmouth.

Brown died on 27 April 2020, aged 85.

Michael Layard

Admiral Sir Michael Henry Gordon Layard, (born 3 January 1936) is a retired senior Royal Navy officer. He was the Second Sea Lord from 1992 to 1995. He was Governor of Pangbourne College.

He studied at Pangbourne College and the Britannia Royal Naval College. Layard was commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1954. Layard became Commander of RNAS "Culdrose" in 1982.

2018 United States elections

The 2018 United States elections were held Tuesday, November 6, 2018. These midterm elections happened during the presidency of Republican Donald Trump. Thirty-five of the 100 seats in the United States Senate and all 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives were in the elections. Thirty-nine state and territorial governorships as well as many state and local elections were also in the elections.

Democrats net gained of 41 seats in the United States House of Representatives, gaining a majority in the chamber. This ended the control that the Republican Party had over the entire legislature. The Republican Party kept control of the United States Senate, making a net gain of two seats and defeating four Democratic incumbents in states that had voted for Trump in 2016. In the state elections, Democrats gained seven state governorships, control of at least 350 state legislative seats, and control of six state legislative chambers.
The elections had the highest voter turnout seen in midterm elections since 1914. This election was believed to be a "blue wave" election for the House and the states, but not the Senate.

On November 6, the "United States Election Project" estimated that 40 million early voters cast ballots on November 6, breaking the record for the number of early votes.

50.3 percent of eligible voters voted in 2018. In 2014, only 36.7 percent of eligible voters voted. The 2018 elections had highest turnout of any mid-term election held since the 1914 elections.

Legend
Total television viewers8:00 to 11:00 PM Eastern
Television viewers 25 to 548:00 to 11:00 PM Eastern

Belles on Their Toes (movie)

Belles on Their Toes is a 1952 American autobiographical comedy drama movie. It was directed by Henry Levin. It is the sequel to "Cheaper by the Dozen". Actors include Myrna Loy, Jeanne Crain, Barbara Bates, Debra Paget, Robert Arthur, Carol Nugent, Tommy Ivo, Jimmy Hunt, and Anthony Sydes. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Pride of St. Louis

The Pride of St. Louis is a 1952 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Harmon Jones. It stars Dan Dailey, Joanne Dru, and Richard Crenna. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

"The Pride of St. Louis" was nominated for an Academy Award in 1953.

Retreat, Hell!

Retreat, Hell! is a 1952 American Korean War drama movie. It was directed by Joseph H. Lewis. Actors include Frank Lovejoy, Richard Carlson, Anita Louise, Russ Tamblyn, Lamont Johnson, Dorothy Patrick, and Nedrick Young. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Young Guns of Texas

Young Guns of Texas is a 1962 American western movie. It was directed by Maury Dexter. Actors include James Mitchum, Alana Ladd, Jody McCrea, Gary Conway, and Chill Wills. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Queen's Guards

The Queen's Guards is a 1961 British drama movie. It was directed by Michael Powell. Actors include Daniel Massey, Raymond Massey, Ursula Jeans, Frank Lawton, Robert Stephens, and Elizabeth Shepherd. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska

The 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska occurred on November 4, 2008. It was part of the United States´ general election that year. The Republican candidates were Arizona Senator John McCain and his running mate, Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska. The Democratic candidates were Illinois Senator Barack Obama, and his running mate, Delaware Senator Joe Biden. Although McCain won the statewide vote by a margin of 14.93%, Obama was given 1 electoral vote (McCain got 4). That made Obama the first Democrat to win an electoral vote in Nebraska since 1964.

The McCain won the popular vote statewide. However (as is the case in Maine), in Nebraska, two electoral votes are given to the winner of the statewide popular vote. The remaining electoral votes (in the case of Nebraska, which has five electoral votes, this means three) are distributed: one is appointed to the winner of each congressional district. In this case, Obama narrowly won the votes of Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, and therefore, received an electoral vote.

Ambush at Cimarron Pass

Ambush at Cimarron Pass is a 1958 American western movie directed by Jodie Copelan and stars Scott Brady, Clint Eastwood, Margia Dean, Irving Bacon and distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Young Lions

The Young Lions is a 1958 American World War II drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Irwin Shaw. It stars Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, Dean Martin, Hope Lange, Barbara Rush, Maximillian Schell, Lee Van Cleef and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1959.


Apache Rifles

Apache Rifles is a 1964 American western movie directed by William Witney and starring Audie Murphy, Linda Lawson, Ken Lynch, L. Q. Jones, Michael Dante. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Way West

The Way West is a 1967 American western movie by Andrew V. McLaglen and based on the 1949 novel of the same name by A. B. Guthrie. It stars Kirk Douglas, Robert Mitchum, Richard Widmark, Sally Field, Lola Albright, Sam Elliott and distributed by United Artists.


The Viking Queen

The Viking Queen is a 1967 British Hammer adventure movie directed by Don Chaffey and stars Don Murray, Donald Houston, Adrienne Corri, Andrew Keir, Patrick Troughton, Sean Caffrey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox

Jim Ryun

James Ronald "Jim" Ryun (born April 29, 1947) is an American politician and Olympic track and field athlete. He won a silver medal in the 1500 m at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Ryun later was in the United States House of Representatives from 1996 to 2007, representing Kansas' 2nd congressional district for the Republican Party.


James P. Gray

James Polin "Jim" Gray (born February 14, 1945) is an American jurist and writer. He was the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Orange County, California. Gray was the 2012 Libertarian Party vice presidential nominee, as well as the party's 2004 candidate for the United States Senate in California. 

In 2012, Gray was nominated by Libertarian Party convention delegates as the running mate of former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson.

On April 13, 2020 Gray announced his plans to run for the Libertarian Party nomination for President with Larry Sharpe as his running mate in the 2020 presidential election.

COVID-19 testing

COVID-19 testing can help find the SARS-CoV-2 virus. There are two types of test; one can find the virus (i.e. Polymerase chain reaction, also called PCR) and the other that can find antibodies produced in response to infection.

An accurate mortality rate of the disease and the level of herd immunity in the population can be found from the results of these tests. However, it is still not known how long immunity will last, and how effective it will be.

Due to limited testing, as of March 2020, no countries had reliable data of the virus.


As of 7 April 2020, the WHO had accepted two diagnostic tests under the Emergency Use Listing procedure (EUL) for use during the COVID‑19 pandemic. Both in vitro diagnostics, the tests are genesig Real-Time PCR Coronavirus (COVID‑19) created by Primerdesign, and cobas SARS-CoV-2 Qualitative assay for use on the cobas® 6800/8800 Systems by Roche Molecular Systems. Approval means that these tests can also be given away by the United Nations.

In March 2020 China reported problems with accuracy in their test kits.

In the United States, the test kits developed by the CDC had "flaws".

80% of test kits the Czech Republic purchased from China gave wrong results.

A group of scientists from Hokkaido University developed an antibody test that could detect avian flu antibodies in only 20 minutes. They said their test could be changed to detect SARS-CoV-2.

Herd immunity

Herd immunity (also called herd effect, community immunity, population immunity, or social immunity) is a form of protection from infectious disease. This happens when a large percentage of a population has become immune to an infection, whether through previous infections or vaccination.

When many individuals have immunity, they do not spread the disease any more. This either stops or slows the spread of disease.

While not every single individual may be immune, the group as a whole has protection. This is because there are fewer high-risk people overall. The infection rates drop, and the disease peters out.

Herd immunity protects at-risk populations. These include babies and those whose immune systems are weak and can’t get resistance on their own.

Buck O'Neil

Buck O'Neil "(né" John Jordan O'Neil Jr.; November 13, 1911 – October 6, 2006) was an American first baseman and manager in the Negro American League, mostly with the Kansas City Monarchs. He became the first African American coach in Major League Baseball. He was important in the creation of Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, Missouri.

On October 6, O'Neil died at the age of 94 due to heart failure and bone marrow cancer in Kansas City, Missouri.

Pooja Hegde

Pooja Hegde (born 13 October 1990) is an Indian model and actress. She was crowned as the second runner-up at the Miss Universe India 2010 competition. Her first movie was in the Tamil superhero movie "Mugamoodi" (2012). She then featured in the Telugu movies "Oka Laila Kosam" and "Mukunda" (2014). She also starred in Ashutosh Gowariker's "Mohenjo Daro" (2016) along with Hrithik Roshan.

Cherickal

Cherickal is a village near Pandalam, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Cherickal.

Cherickal is the a of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Namrata Singh Gujral

Namrata Singh Gujral (born February 26, 1976) is an Indian-born American director, producer and actress. 

Her best known roles were in "Training Day" (2001), "House of Sand and Fog" (2003), "Dragnet" (2004), "Family Law" (2001), "Passions" (2001–2005), "The Agency" (2001–2002), "The Agency" (2001–2002), "Mitsein" (2009), "Ultimate Survivor" (2015), "You Can Thrive" (2016), and "Destination Survival" (2016) and "5 Weddings" (2018).

Gujral is a breast cancer and lymphoma survivor.

Pandalam

Pandalam is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

In 2011, literacy rate of Pandalam village was 96.74%. In Pandalam, male literacy rate was 97.84% while female literacy rate was 95.80%.




Pandalam Bridge, popularly known as "Kurunthottayam Bridge", is at Pandalam junction.

Pandalam Suspension Bridge, is a suspension bridge in Pandalam, that connects Pandalam with Kulanada.

Pandalam Palace, placed on the banks of Achankovil river, was home to the royal family of Pandalam.



Danielle Campbell

Danielle Marie Campbell (born January 30, 1995) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles as Jessica Olson in the 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie "Starstruck", Simone Daniels in the 2011 Disney movie "Prom", Davina Claire in the 2013 CW television drama series "The Originals" and Kayla Powell in the 2018 CBS All Access television psychological thriller series "Tell Me a Story".

Cherukole

Cherukole is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Cherukole.

Cherukole is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Chethakkal

Chethakkal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chethakkal.

Chethakkal is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Danna Paola

Danna Paola Rivera Munguía (born 23 June 1995), better known as Danna Paola, is a Mexican actress, singer and model.

In 2004, she was chosen as the lead in the successful children's series, "Amy, la niña de la mochila azul". She starred in multiple television series produced by Televisa.

In 2009, she was cast as "Patito" in "Atrévete a Soñar", the Mexican remake of the popular Argentine children's telenovela, Patito Feo. 

In late 2010, she voiced "Rapunzel" for the Latin American Spanish-language dubbing of the Disney movie "Tangled".

Chirappuram

Chirappuram is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chirappuram.

Chirappuram is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Chittar

Chittar is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. It is a Panchayat in the Ranni Taluk. Chittar was given the Nirmal Gram award from Pratibha Patil, the former President of India.

Chittar is a plantation township.The main crops grown here are rubber, pineapple, tapioca, nuts, ginger, and pepper. It was once a part of the demolished Nilakkal trade centre.

Chittar lies in the eastern part of Pathanamthitta district.

The panchayath of Chittar was formed in 30 September 1970 by partitioning the Vadaseerikkara and Seethathodu panchayaths in Ranni taluk. The panchayath is divided into 13 wards.




The people of Chittar are mainly farmers and plantation workers. People began settling down in Chittar about 75 years ago. India census, Chittar had a population of 33977 with 16498 males and 17479 females.


Chunkappara

Chunkappara is a small town in the Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. 


The main roads passing through 

Distance between Chunkappara and nearby towns:




Edasserimala

Edasserimala is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Edasserimala.

Edasserimala is the a of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Elanthoor

Elanthoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Elanthoor.

Elanthoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Comancheros (movie)

The Comancheros is a 1961 American western movie directed by Michael Curtiz. It was based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Paul Wellman. It stars John Wayne, Stuart Whitman, Lee Marvin, Nehemiah Persoff, Patrick Wayne, Bruce Cabot, Joan O'Brien and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Bad Sleep Well

The Bad Sleep Well is a 1960 Japanese crime drama movie directed by Akira Kurosawa and stars Toshiro Mifune, Masayuki Mori, Tatsuya Mihashi, Kyōto Kagawa, Kō Nishimura. It was distributed by Toho.


North West Frontier (movie)

North West Frontier (USA: Flame Over India; Australia: Empress of India) is a 1959 British adventure movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and stars Kenneth More, Lauren Bacall, Herbert Lom, Ursula Jeans, Wilfrid Hyde-White, I. S. Johar. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 3 BAFTAS in 1960.


Tonight We Sing

Tonight We Sing is a 1953 American biographical musical movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and based on the 1946 novel "Impresario". It stars David Wayne, Ezio Pinza, Roberta Peters, Anne Bancroft, Tamara Toumanova and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Michael Seater

Michael Bruce Patrick Seater (born January 15, 1987) is a Canadian actor who is known for his roles as "Derek Venturi" in the Canadian series "Life with Derek". He is close friends with his television co-star Ashley Leggat. He has one confirmed older brother. He is also a supporter of anti-bullying along with Ashley Leggat.

Streets of Rage 3

Streets of Rage 3 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan as . In Europe it was titled Streets of Rage III. The game was made and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis in 1994.

It is the third game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage 2" (released in 1992) and it is followed by "Streets of Rage 4" (released in 2020).

Streets of Rage 4

Streets of Rage 4 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan and Asia as . It was made by Lizardcube, Guard Crush Games and Dotemu and published by Sega and Dotemu in 2020. The game can be run on Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.

It is the fourth game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage 3".

City of Bad Men

City of Bad Men is a 1953 American romantic western movie directed by Harmon Jones and starring Dale Robertson, Jeanne Crain, Richard Boone, Lloyd Bridges, Carole Matthews, Rodolfo Acosta. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Down Among the Sheltering Palms (movie)

Down Among the Sheltering Palms is a 1953 American musical comedy movie directed by Edmund Goulding and starring David Wayne, Mitzi Gaynor, William Lundigan, Jane Greer, Gloria DeHaven. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Nanook of the North

Nanook of the North (also known as Nanook of the North: A Story Of Life and Love In the Actual Arctic) is a 1922 American silent documentary movie directed by Robert J. Flaherty set in the Canadian Arctic. It was one of the first twenty-five films included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1989.


Anti-bullying legislation

Anti-bullying legislation is a legislation that stops bullying. Its purpose is to not let bullying happen in the first place and protect people who were affected by it. Some states and countries have these laws.

Foolish Wives

Foolish Wives is a 1922 American silent erotic drama movie. It was directed by Erich von Stroheim (who also stars) and starring Maude George, Miss DuPont, Mae Busch, Dale Fuller, Rudolph Christians. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2008 as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

The Last Metro

The Last Metro () is a 1980 French romance movie directed by François Truffaut. It stars Gérard Depardieu, Catherine Deneuve, Jean Poiret, Jean-Louis Richard, Heinz Bennent, and Richard Bohringer. It was distributed by Gaumount and was nominated for Academy Award in 1981.


Paul Hunter

Paul Alan Hunter (14 October 1978 – 9 October 2006) was an English snooker player. He was a three-time Masters champion, winning the event in 2001, 2002, and 2004. He also won three ranking events. He won the Welsh Open in 1998 and 2002 and the British Open in 2002. He was highest ranked in 2004/05 at number four.

Hunter was compared to David Beckham being called the "Beckham of the Baize" because of his good looks and style. He died in 2006 due to cancerous tumours. He made a total of 114 century breaks, the highest a 146 in the 2004 Premier League.

Hunter was born on 14 October 1978 in Leeds, England and was educated at St Andrews Primary School and Cardinal Heenan High School. Aged nine, he was awarded an award for being the best best junior snooker player of the year. He often travelled to Bradford to practise alongside professional player Joe Johnson. He won many junior tournaments and at the age of 14 won the English Doubles Championship with Richard Brooke. With the help of Jimmy Michie and Johnson, Hunter made his debut among the professionals in July 1995 at the age of 16.

Four months after his professional debut, Hunter reached the second round of the 1995 UK Championship by defeating world number six Alan McManus 9–4. At the 1996 Welsh Open 
he reached the semi-final beating world champion Stephen Hendry in the last 16. The same year he reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship, where he beat Willie Thorne 9–0, James Wattana 9–5 and Terry Murphy 9–7, before losing 5–9 to Hendry, who went on to win the event. Hunter played at the 1997 Masters, where he lost 1–5 against Mark Williams in the first round.

Hunter won his first ranking event at the 1998 Welsh Open. He defeated Paul Wykes 5–3, Neal Foulds 5–2, Steve Davis 5–3, Nigel Bond 5–4, Alan McManus 5–3 and Peter Ebdon 6–1, before John Higgins 9–5 in the final. During the final, Hunter trailed 2-4 but won seven frames from the next eight to win the match. Following the event, he reached the semi-finals of the 1998 UK Championship. At the end of the year, he was named the Snooker Writers Association's "young player of the year".

Hunter's first qualified to play in the World Snooker Championship in 1999, where he lost 8–10 in the first round to the winner Stephen Hendry. He ended the season 12th in the 1999-2000 world rankings resulting in automatic qualification into the final stages of ranking tournaments for the first time.

He reached the quarter-final six events the following season. He was a runner-up at the 2001 Welsh Open, a semi-finalist at the British Open and Scottish Open, and a quarter-finalist at the Grand Prix and China Open.

At the 2001 Masters, Hunter beat Matthew Stevens 6–5 in the first round, Peter Ebdon 6–3 in the quarter-finals and Stephen Hendry 6–4 in the semi-finals. In the final Hunter met Fergal O'Brien. He was behind 3–7, but won seven out of the next nine frames to win 10–9. After winning , Hunter commented that he and his girlfriend had sex between sessions when losing 2-6 and had caused him to play better.

At the following year's event, he also won. He beat Stephen Lee 6–3 in the first round, Peter Ebdon 6–5 in the quarter-finals and Alan McManus 6–5 in the semi-finals where he met Mark Williams in the final. Hunter lost all of the first five frames, but won the match 10–9. Hunter was only the third player to retain the Masters along with Cliff Thorburn and Stephen Hendry. Hunter also won his second ranking event, winning the 2002 Welsh Open, beating Ken Doherty 9–2 in the final, but was defeated 9–10 in the first round of the 2002 World Championship by Quinten Hann. Later in 2002, Hunter won his third ranking event, the British Open defeating Ian McCulloch 9–4 in the final. As defending Masters champion, Hunter reached the semi-finals of the 2003 event, but lost 3–6 to Mark Williams.

In the 2003 World Snooker Championship, he defeated Allister Carter 10–5, Matthew Stevens 13–6 and Peter Ebdon 13–12 to reach the semi-finals. In his best-of-33-frames semi-final, Hunter established a 15–9 lead over Ken Doherty, however he only could win one of the next nine frames, and lost the match 16–17. The match was later shown as a "Crucible classic" on the BBC during the original dates for the 2020 World Snooker Championship when the event was delayed. Despite the loss, he earned a place in the world's top eight in the 2003-2004 world rankings for the first time in his career, having been ranked number nine for the previous two seasons.

In 2003–04, Hunter won the 2004 Masters for the third time in four years. Hunter was behind Ronnie O'Sullivan during the match 1–6, 2–7, 6–8 and 7–9 before winning the final three frames to win. He made five century breaks in the match. Hunter also reached the final of the Players Championship, but lost 7–9 against Jimmy White. At the 2004 Premier League Snooker event, he made his career highest break, a 146 in a 3–5 loss to Marco Fu. He reached the second round of the 2004 World Snooker Championship, where he lost 12–13 against Matthew Stevens, despite leading at both 10–6 and 12–10.

Hunter began the 2004–05 season, by reaching the semi-finals of the Grand Prix, where he lost 3–6 to Ronnie O'Sullivan. He then reached the quarter-finals of the 2005 China Open, just days after discovering that he was suffering from cancer. His career-high ranking was number four in the world during the 2004-2005 season, which dropped to number five the following season.

On 6 April 2005, Hunter announced that he was suffering cancer. Hunter returned to snooker for the start of the 2005–06 season, but lost to Rory McLeod in the first round of the Grand Prix. Hunter's next match of the season was at the UK Championship against Jamie Burnett, in which Hunter was 6–8 down but won the match 9–8. Despite this Hunter lost in the next round 2–9 against eventual champion Ding Junhui. He lost in the first round of the 2006 World Championship 5–10 to Neil Robertson, his last ever match.

He slipped from 5th to 34th in the 2006/2007 rankings. Hunter admitted that he was worse than the previous year and confirmed that he had been in continuous pain. On 27 July 2006, the WPBSA confirmed that, following a members' vote, the rules would be changed to allow Hunter to sit out the entire 2006–2007 season with his world ranking frozen at 34. He intended to devote the year to treatment for his cancer.

Hunter died at 8:20 pm on 9 October 2006 – just five days short of his 28th birthday – at the Kirkwood Hospice in Huddersfield. Prior to the Premier League Snooker matches on 12 October 2006, players Jimmy White, Ronnie O'Sullivan, Ken Doherty and Ding Junhui, along with referee Alan Chamberlain and commentators Willie Thorne and Phil Yates, all stood for a moment of silence to remember Hunter. He left a wife, Lindsey, and one daughter. His funeral took place on 19 October 2006 at Leeds Parish Church.

Fellow snooker players Stephen Hendry, Mark Williams, Jimmy White, Matthew Stevens and Ken Doherty led calls for the Masters trophy to be named in Hunter's memory. Instead, then non-ranking German Open in Fürth was renamed the Paul Hunter Classic in his honour; a event first won by Hunter. Also in 2007, the amateur English Open tournament was renamed the Paul Hunter English Open. On 20 April 2016, the Masters trophy was indeed renamed in Hunter's honour. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said they had "messed up" by not doing so sooner.

In 2006, Hunter was awarded the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Helen Rollason Award – his widow Lindsey accepted the award on his behalf. A Paul Hunter Foundation was set up after his death with the "specific aim of giving disadvantaged, able bodied and disabled youngsters an opportunity to play snooker". Hunter made 114 competitive century breaks in the course of his professional career, including a high break of 146.

Hunter and Lindsey Fell, a beauty therapist, married in August 2004 in Jamaica. On 26 December 2005, Lindsey gave birth to their first and only child, daughter Evie Rose, who weighed . He was seen as an exciting player and became known as the "Beckham of the Baize" named after football player David Beckham due to his looks. Hunter made comments that his first Masters win was due to having sex between sessions, which he referred to as "plan bonk". After his death, Lindsay wrote Unbreakable: My Life with Paul – a Story of Extraordinary Courage and Love covering Paul's snooker career, life and death.


Lady in the Iron Mask

Lady in the Iron Mask is a 1952 American adventure movie directed by Ralph Murphy. It is based on the last section of the novel "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" by Alexandre Dumas, père. It stars Louis Hayward, Patricia Medina, Alan Hale Jr., Judd Holdren and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Streets of Rage

Streets of Rage is a series of beat 'em ups. It was made and published by Sega for various consoles.


The Garden of Aunt Isabel

The Garden of Aunt Isabel (Spanish: El jardín de la tía Isabel) is a 1971 Mexican movie directed by Felipe Cazals. It stars Jorge Martínez de Hoyos, Claudio Brook, Ofelia Guilmáin, Gregorio Casal, Alfonso Arau, Claudio Obregón, Aarón Hernánn and was distributed by Películas Mexicanas.

Apolinar

Apolinar is a 1972 Mexican fantasy drama movie directed by Julio Castillo and starring Aarón Hernán, Bertha Moss, Abel Woolrich, Ofelia Medina, Enrique Rocha, and Sergio Kleiner.

Vampire Circus

Vampire Circus is a 1972 British Hammer horror movie directed by Robert Young and starring Adrienne Corri, Thorley Walters, Anthony Higgins, John Moulder-Brown, Lynne Frederick, Lalla Ward, Robin Sachs. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Lao script

Lao script is the writing system used to write the Lao language. It is based on the Khmer script. Since the Thai script was also based on the Khmer script, Lao script is very similar. Like Thai, it is an abugida, it has tone markers, and it has three classes of consonants that decides the tone of syllables. However, it is different from the Thai script because it has fewer consonants and the characters are much curvier than Thai, which are more angular. It also does not have the extra letters from Sanskrit and Pali like Thai does. The Lao script has 27 consonant letters, 7 consonant ligatures, 33 vowel markers, and 4 tone markers.

Khmer script

Khmer script is the writing system used to write the Khmer (Cambodian) language. The script is an abugida. This is a special type of writing system where consonants are changed to make a sound. The Khmer writing system came from other writing systems in India. It was the writing system that Thai and Lao are based on. However, Thai and Lao added tone markers to better suit their own languages, since Thai and Lao are tonal, while Khmer is not. 

Khmer has 35 consonants, but 2 of them are not used anymore. There are two categories of consonants: A-series and O-series. The A-series consonants end with an -"aw" sound (/ɑː/ in IPA) but the O-series consonants end with an -"oh" sound (/ɔː/ in IPA). For instance, ក (/kɑː/, "neck") is pronounced "kaw" and គ (/kɔː/, "mute") is pronounced "koh". Both of them have the "k" sound but they end in different sounds because ក is A-series while គ is O-series.

One key feature that Khmer has, while Thai and Lao do not, is that consonant letters have subscript forms. Subscript forms are forms of consonant letters that are written underneath other letters. Similar to how different letters in the Latin alphabet have capital or lowercase forms that look different from each other, consonants in Khmer have standard and subscript forms. These are used to write consonant strings. For example, in the word Khmer (ខ្មែរ), the "kh + m" consonant string is written as ខ្ម. By themselves, the consonants that make up the "kh + m" cluster would be written as ខ and ម, but since the "m" consonant is the second part of a consonant string, it is written differently under the first consonant in the cluster ខ. So ្ម is the subscript form of ម.

Dependent vowels must be combined with a consonant to make a sound. Different sounds are made depending on whether or not a consonant is voiced or voiceless.

For example, the A-series consonant ត is pronounced "taw" by itself. However, when combined with the vowel ា (which makes an -"ah" sound when added to an A-series consonant), it becomes តា ("tah", which means "grandfather").

However, the O-series consonant ទ (pronounced like the English "toe") combined with the vowel ា makes the word ទា (tee-ah) and means "duck".

There are independent vowels that do not need to be combined with a consonant. These are usually used to used to write words from Sanskrit and Pali. An example is ឧសភា (oo-sa-PEE-ah, "May"), where ឧ makes a sound like "oo" in b"oo"t.

Khmer has its own way of writing numbers. The numbers in Khmer are ០១២៣៤៥៦៧៨៩. For instance, 2022 in Khmer would be ២០២២.

Arturo Mercado

Arturo Mercado (born December 7, 1940) is a Mexican voice actor.



Jacques Kazadi

Jacques Kazadi (23 December 1936 – 23 April 2020) was a Congolese economist, professor, and politician. He was born in Luluabourg, Belgian Congo.

Kazadi taught at several universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and abroad, including the University of Kinshasa and the University of Michigan. He was then appointed at the first black Dean of the Faculté des Sciences Économiques, and later the first President of the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) from 1973 to 1976. CODESRIA is the largest organization of African social science workers on the continent.

During the 1970s, Kazadi became a member of the Popular Movement of the Revolution, ruling party of the one-party state regime instilled by Mobutu Sese Seko. He was Secretary of the Treasury until the National Conference of 24 April 1990, when he left the party.

Kazadi died on 23 April 2020 in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo at the age of 83.

Young Jessie

Obediah Donnell "Obie" Jessie (December 28, 1936 – April 27, 2020) was an American R&B, rock and roll and jazz singer-songwriter. He recorded as Young Jessie in the 1950s and 1960s. He was known for his solo career, work with The Flairs and for a short time, with The Coasters. He later performed and recorded jazz as Obie Jessie. He was born in Dallas, Texas.

He died on April 27, 2020, aged 83.


The Quiller Memorandum

The Quiller Memorandum is a 1966 American British spy drama movie directed by Michael Anderson and based on the 1965 novel "The Berlin Memorandum" by Elleston Trevor. It stars George Segal, Alec Guinness, Max von Sydow, Senta Berger, George Sanders, Philip Madoc and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 BAFTAS in 1967.


Bobby Lewis

Robert Alan Lewis (February 9, 1925 – April 28, 2020) was an American rock and roll and rhythm and blues singer. He was best known for his 1961 hit singles "Tossin' and Turnin'" and "One Track Mind". He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

He died on April 28, 2020, aged 95.


Riverdale, Illinois

Riverdale is a village and a south suburb of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 10,663 at the 2020 census.

Germano Celant

Germano Celant (11 September 1940 – 29 April 2020) was an Italian art historian, critic and curator. He invented the term "Arte Povera" (poor art) in 1967 and wrote many articles and books on the subject. He was born in Genoa, Italy. 

In 1974, Celant edited and curated the Catalogue Raisonné of Italian artist Piero Manzoni. He curated many exhibitions on Italian art, including "Identité italienne. L'art en Italie depuis 1959" (Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, 1981), "Italian art, 1900-1945" (Palazzo Grassi, Venice, 1989; with Pontus Hultén), and "Italian Metamorphosis 1943-1968" (Guggenheim Museum, New York, 1994). 

In 1997, he was the director of the Venice Biennale and in 2004, he curated the exhibition "Art and Architecture" in Genoa. From 1977, he was a contributing editor to "Artforum" and from 1991 he was a contributing editor to "Interview".

In 1988, Celant was appointed Senior Curator of Contemporary Art at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.

On 29 April 2020, Celant died of COVID-19 in Milan, aged 80.

Yahya Hassan

Yahya Hassan (19 May 1995 – 29 April 2020) was a Danish poet and political activist. He was known for his criticism of Islam in Denmark. He was born in Aarhus, Denmark. His most known work, "Yahya Hassan", as of 2013 was the best-selling debut poetry collection in Denmark. It printed in more than 120,000 copies (middle of 2015).

Hassan was found dead in his apartment in Aarhus on 29 April 2020, aged 24.


The Carpetbaggers

The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars George Peppard, Alan Ladd, Bob Cummings, Elizabeth Ashley, Lew Ayers, Leif Erickson, Carroll Baker, Martha Hyer and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Steve McQueen appears in the 1966 prequel movie "Nevada Smith".


Tony Allen (musician)

Tony Oladipo Allen (July 20, 1940 – April 30, 2020) was a Nigerian drummer, composer, and songwriter. He lived and worked in Paris. Allen was the drummer and musical director of Fela Kuti's band Africa '70 from 1968 to 1979, and was one of the primary co-founders of the genre of Afrobeat music. He was born in Lagos.

Allen died on April 30, 2020 in Paris from an aortic aneurysm, aged 79.

Kundanika Kapadia

Kundanika Kapadia (11 January 1927 – 30 April 2020) was a Gujarati novelist, story writer and essayist. She was born in Limbdi, Wadhwan State, British India but was raised in Gujarat. Snehdhan was her pen name. "Parodh Thata Pahela" (1968) was her first novel followed by "Agnipipasa" (1972). She wrote "Sat Pagala Akashma" (Seven Steps in the Sky, 1984).

Kapadia died on 30 April 2020 in Gujarat of colorectal cancer, aged 93.

The Innocents (movie)

The Innocents is a 1961 British psychological horror movie directed by Jack Clayton and based on the novella "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James. It stars Deborah Kerr, Michael Redgrave, Peter Wyngarde, Pamela Franklin, Isla Cameron and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Museum of Arts and Design

The Museum of Arts and Design (MAD), based in Manhattan, New York City, collects, displays, and keeps examples of historic craft, art, and design. In its exhibitions and educational programs, the Museum celebrates how materials are crafted into works that define contemporary life. 


North to Alaska

North to Alaska is a 1960 American western movie directed by Henry Hathaway and based on 1939 play "Birthday Gift" by Ladislas Fodor. It stars John Wayne, Stewart Granger, Ernie Kovacs and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Maryna Bazanova

Maryna Bazanova (, 25 December 1962 – 27 April 2020) was a Russian handball player. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics. She won two bronze medalist. Bazanova was born in Omsk, Soviet Union.

Bazanova died on 27 April 2020 in Bremen, Germany at the age of 57.

Louis Cardiet

Louis Cardiet (20 January 1943 – 28 April 2020) was a French professional footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Quimperlé, France. From 1965 to 1967, he played for the national team. From 1963 to 1973, Cardiet played for Stade Rennais F.C..

Cardiet died on 28 April 2020 at the age of 77.


Al Edwards (politician)

Albert Ely Edwards (March 19, 1937 – April 29, 2020) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Houston, Texas. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1978 to 2007 and again from 2009 to 2011. Edwards was a member of the Democratic Party.

Edwards died on April 29, 2020 at the age of 83.

One Foot in Hell

One Foot in Hell is a 1960 American western movie directed by James B. Clark and stars Alan Ladd, Don Murray, Dan O'Herlihy, Karl Swenson, Rachel Stephens. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Alexander Fernando

Joseph Manuel Alexander Fernando ( "Æleksænḍar Pranāndu"; 25 August 194029 April 2020) was a Sri Lankan actor and stunt director. He was known for his villain roles. Fernando acted in over 120 Sinhala movies. He was born in Kotahena, Ceylon. His best known roles were in "Ahas Gauwa", "Christhu Charithaya" and in "Supiri Balawatha".

Fernando died on 29 April 2020 in Colombo, Sri Lanka at the age of 79.

Chuni Goswami

Subimal Goswami (15 January 1938 – 30 April 2020), commonly known by his nickname Chuni Goswami, was an Indian international footballer and first class cricketer. He was born in Kishoreganj District, Bangladesh. He played 30 international matches representing India and scored 9 times for the team. He played Ranji Trophy for Bengal, captaining his team to the final of the tournament in 1971–72.

Goswami died on 30 April 2020 in Kolkata of cardiac arrest, aged 82.

Chuni Goswami played in 30 FIFA "A" international matches having scored 9 times for the National team.

Mohun Bagan

India

Bengal

Individual

Records

Accolades

Chuni Goswami made his first class debut for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy during the 1962–63 season. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium pace bowler.

Jordan Cox (rugby league)

Jordan Cox (27 May 1992 – 30 April 2020) was an English rugby league footballer. He was born in Hull, England. He last played for Doncaster. He had also played in the Super League for: the Hull Kingston Rovers, the Huddersfield Giants and the Warrington Wolves. 

He had also appeared for Newcastle Thunder, Halifax and the Sheffield Eagles outside of the Super League.

Cox died on 30 April 2020 in Hull at the age of 27.

Óscar Chávez

Óscar Chávez (20 March 1935 – 30 April 2020) was a Mexican singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Mexico City. He was popular during the 1960s and 1970s. His best known songs were "Por Ti" and "Macondo". He recorded many Mexican folk songs. 

Chávez died on 30 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Mexico City, aged 85.

Singapore Vikings FC

Singapore Vikings FC is an expatriate football club based in Singapore. The players are mainly made up of Danish players, mostly having played in professional, semi-professional or amateur division football in their native country. The Vikings are also well known for their aim to run 1000km in order to raise $20,000 for migrant workers in Singapore during the COVID-19 period.


The Captain's Table

The Captain's Table is a 1959 British comedy movie directed by Jack Lee and stars John Gregson, Peggy Cummins, Donald Sinden, Maurice Denham, Joan Sims, Oliver Reed, Reginald Beckwith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Inn of the Sixth Happiness

The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is a 1958 British biographical drama movie directed by Oscar nominated director Mark Robson and based on the 1957 novel "The Small Woman" by Alan Burgess. It stars Ingrid Bergman, Curt Jürgens, Robert Donat, Athene Seyeler, Moultrie Kelsall, Burt Kwouk and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Airport '77

Airport '77 is a 1977 American thriller movie directed by Jerry Jameson and is the third movie in the Airport franchise. It stars Jack Lemmon, James Stewart, Lee Grant, George Kennedy, Christopher Lee, Robert Foxworth, Kathleen Quinlan, Olivia de Havilland and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1978.



Rupert Scholz

Rupert Scholz (born 23 May 1937) is a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union. Scholz was born in Berlin. From 1988 to 1989, he was a member of Helmut Kohl's cabinet as German Federal Minister of Defence. From 1990 to 2002, he was a member of Bundestag.

Elavumthitta

Elavumthitta is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

1. Geographic location.

2. Cites.




Elavumthitta is flanked by the area of 4 panchayats. Following data is from the book 'Panchayat level Statistics 2006' published by Department of Economics & Statistics Thiruvananthapuram.

Enadimangalam

Enadimangalam is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Enadimangalam.

Enadimangalam is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Christian Schwarz-Schilling

Christian Schwarz-Schilling (born 19 November 1930) is an Austrian-born German politician, businessman and philanthropist. He was the 5th High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1 February 2006 until 30 June 2007 and as the 2nd European Union Special Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina during the same period. He was born in Innsbruck, Austria.

Dorothee Wilms

Dorothee Wilms (born October 11, 1929) is a German politician. She was born in Grevenbroich, Germany. From 1982 to 1987 she was the Federal Minister for Education and Science. From 1987 to 1991, Wilms was the Federal Minister for Inner-German relations.

Jürgen Schmude

Jürgen Dieter Paul Schmude (born 9 June 1936) is a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was born in Insterburg, Germany. 

Schmude was a member of the Bundestag from 1969 to 1990. He was the Minister of Education and Research of Germany from 1978 to 1981. From 1981 to 1982, he was the Minister of Justice. In 1982, he was also Minister of the Interior.

Andreas von Bülow

Andreas von Bülow (born July 17, 1937) is a German SPD politician and writer. He was born in Dresden. He has written books about September 11 conspiracy theories. From 1980 to 1982, he was the Minister of Research and Technology. 


Karl-Hans Laermann

Karl-Hans Laermann (born 26 December 1929) is a German politician. He was born in Kaulhausen, Germany. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party. From 1974 to 1998, he was a member of the Bundestag. From October to November 1994, he was Minister of Education and Research of Germany.

Onionhead

Onionhead is a 1958 American World War II comedy drama movie directed by Norman Taurog and based on the novel of the same name by Weldon Hill. It stars Andy Griffin, Walter Matthau, Felicia Farr, Erin O'Brien, James Gregory, Joey Bishop, Ainslie Pryor, Claude Akins and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Jerónimo Arango

Jerónimo Julio Arango Arias (1927 — 4 April 2020) was a Mexican billionaire businessman. He was the co-founder of the Aurrerá supermarket chain. His net worth was estimated at US$4.6 billion in 2006 by "Forbes". By 1991, Arango partnered with Wal-Mart, a move that eventually brought the Wal-Mart retail stores to Mexico.

Arango died of natural causes on 4 April 2020 at his home in Los Angeles.

Arminsyah

Dr. Arminsyah (3 May 1960 – 4 April 2020) was an Indonesian lawyer and politician. He was born in Padang, Indonesia. From 2017 until his death, he was Vice Attorney General. For a short time in October 2019, he was Acting Attorney General.

Arminsyah was killed in a car crash in Jakarta on 4 April 2020, aged 59. 

The Deep (1977 movie)

The Deep is a 1977 American British adventure movie directed by Peter Yates and based on the novel of the same name by Peter Benchley. It stars Robert Shaw, Jacqueline Bisset, Nick Nolte, Eli Wallach, Louis Gossett Jr. and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1978.


Klaus Töpfer

Klaus Töpfer (born 29 July 1938) is a German politician. He was born in Waldenburg, Silesia. He is a member of the CDU. From 1998 to 2006, he was executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).

Rudolf Seiters

Rudolf Seiters (born 13 October 1937) is a German politician. He is a member of the CDU (Christian Democratic Union) party. Seiters was born in Osnabrück, Germany.

From 1989 to 1991, he was Federal Minister for Special Affairs and the Head of the Office of the German Chancellery. From 1991 to 1993, he was the Minister of the Interior. From 1998 to 2002, he was the Vice President of the German Bundestag. In 2003, he was elected President of the German Red Cross.

Los Olvidados

Los Olvidados (, Spanish for "The Forgotten Ones"), known in the U.S. as The Young and the Damned, is a 1950 Mexican crime drama movie directed by Luis Buñuel and stars Alfonso Mejía, Stella Inda, Miguel Inclán, Roberto Cobo. It was Koch-Lorber Films.

Pour le piano

Pour le piano (For the piano) is a suite for solo piano by Claude Debussy. Debussy composed it in 1901. Three movements are part of the suite, a prélude, a sarabande and a toccata. Ricardo Viñes first played it at the Salle Érard on 11 January 1902. Maurice Ravel created a version for orchestra of the middle movement.

The suite is regarded as Debussy's first mature piano composition. There are many recordings.

Claude Debussy composed the three pieces in the suite at different times. The second movement, a sarabande, was composed in the winter of 1894. At that time it was part of the series of "Images oubliées" (forgotten images). It is dedicated to Yvonne Lerolle, the daughter of Henry Lerolle. Debussy composed did not compose much piano music during the 1890s and focused on opera and orchestral music. He finished the suite in 1901, revising Sarabande. He also dedicated the revised version of Sarabande, as well as the third movement, Toccata, to Yvonne Lerolle, now Mme E. Rouart. The suite was published in 1901 by Eugène Fromont. It was premiered on 11 January 1902 at the Salle Érard in Paris for the Société Nationale de Musique. Ricardo Viñes was the pianist, who knew about the suite from his friend Maurice Ravel.

"Pour le piano" was a very important change in Debussy's creative development, who now switched to making piano music.

On the 100th anniversary of Debussy's death, Bärenreiter published a critical edition of some of his piano music in 2018, including "Pour le piano". The publisher said that the "improvisational and fugitive" parts of Debussy's compositions were "governed by a precisely calibrated formal design" that left "little room for chance".

"Pour le piano" has been regarded as Debussy's first mature piano work. The suite consists of three movements:


The first movement, called Prélude, is marked "Assez animé et très rythmé" (With spirit and very rhythmically). It was dedicated to Debussy's student Mlle Worms de Romilly, who notes that the movement "tellingly evokes the gongs and music of Java". The pianist Angela Hewitt notes that Prélude begins with a theme in the bass, followed by a long pedal point passage. The theme is repeated in chords marked fortissimo, together with glissando runs that Debussy connected to "d’Artagnan drawing his sword". In a middle section, the left hand holds a pedal point in A-flat major, to which the right hand adds colours. The conclusion is marked "Tempo di cadenza", again with glissando-figures.

Sarabande is marked "Avec une élégance grave et lente" (With a slow and solemn elegance). Debussy said it should be "rather like an old portrait in the Louvre". Émile Vuillermoz described Debussy's playing of the movement as "with the easy simplicity of a good dancer from the sixteenth century". Hewitt calls it "antique and modern at the same time". The movement has been regarded as "among the most intimate music for the keyboard", showing an affinity to Erik Satie such as his 1887 three dances called "Sarabandes".

The last movement is a toccata, marked "Vif" (Lively). It has been described as "poised and energetic, extroverted and graceful" and shows influences from Scarlatti's sonatas. Hewitt notes about the virtuoso writing that speed alone wasn't Debussy's goal, but rather clarity.

A reviewer described the suite as "possibly foreshadowing the neo-classical Debussy that emerged in his last years".

Lothar de Maizière

Lothar de Maizière (; born 2 March 1940) is a German Christian Democratic politician. In 1990, he was the only democratically elected Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic.

Friedrich Ebert Jr.

Friedrich "Fritz" Ebert Jr. (12 September 1894 – 4 December 1979) was a German politician and East German communist official. He was the son of Germany's first President Friedrich Ebert. He was the 1st Lord Mayor of East Berlin.

Günther Maleuda

Günther Maleuda (20 January 1931 – 18 July 2012) was an East German politician. From 1989 to 1990 he was the President of the People's Chamber (East German Parliament). In 1994 he was elected as a (non-party) member of the Bundestag (German Parliament) on the PDS list. He stayed a member until 1998.

Carl-Dieter Spranger

Carl-Dieter "Asslöch" Spranger (born 28 March 1939) is a German politician. He is a member of the CSU. Spranger was born in Leipzig. From 1991 to 1998, he was Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development of Germany.

Manfred Kanther

Manfred Kanther (born 26 May 1939) is a German conservative politician. He was born in Schweidnitz, Silesia. He was Minister of the Interior of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1993 to 1998. He has been a member of the CDU.

The End (1978 movie)

The End is a 1978 American black comedy movie. It was directed by and starred Burt Reynolds, with Sally Field, Dom DeLuise, Strother Martin, David Steinberg, Joanne Woodward, Norman Fell, Carl Reiner, and Kristy McNichol also starring. It was distributed by United Artists.

Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig

Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig (born 8 October 1941) is a German jurist. He worked at University of Kiel. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party. He was German Federal Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Kohl V between 1996 and 1998. He was born in Berlin.

Jochen Borchert

Jochen Borchert (born 25 April 1940) is a German politician. He was born in Nahrstedt, Stendal. Borchert is a member of the CDU. He was Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in Chancellor Helmut Kohl's cabinet from 1993 to 1998. From 1980 to 2009 he has been a member of the Bundestag.


Delano Lewis

Delano Eugene Lewis (November 12, 1938 – August 2, 2023) was an American attorney, businessman, and diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador to South Africa from 2000 to 2001 during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush presidencies. He had roles at the Peace Corps and National Public Radio. He was the father of actor Phill Lewis.

Lewis was born in Arkansas City, Kansas. Lewis went to Sumner High School, in Kansas City, Kansas, graduating in 1956. He graduated form the University of Kansas in 1960.

Lewis died on August 2, 2023 under hospice care in Las Cruces, New Mexico at the age of 84.

Dakota Lil

Dakota Lil is a 1950 American western movie. It is directed by Lesley Selander and stars George Montgomery, Rod Cameron, Marie Windsor, John Emery, Wallace Ford, Jack Lambert, and James Flavin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Ride a Crooked Trail

Ride a Crooked Trail is a 1958 American romantic western movie directed by Jesse Hibbs and starring Audie Murphy, Walter Matthau, Gia Scala, Joanna Cook Moore, Henry Silva. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1952 movie)

The Outcasts of Poker Flat is a 1952 American western movie directed by Joseph M. Newman and based on the 1869 short story of the same name by Bert Harte. It stars Anne Baxter, Dale Robertson, Miriam Hopkins, Barbara Bates, Cameron Mitchell.


Five Boys from Barska Street

Five Boys from Barska Street () is a 1954 Polish drama movie directed by Aleksander Ford and based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Kazimierz Koźniewski. It stars Aleksandra Śląska, Tadeusz Janczar, Andrzej Kozak, Tadeusz Łomnicki, Ludwik Benoit.

Broken Lance

Broken Lance is a 1954 American western movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1941 novel "I'll Never Go There Any More" by Jerome Weidman. Actors include Spencer Tracy, Robert Wagner, Jean Peters, Richard Widmark, Hugh O'Brian and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards and winning one in 1955.


Bluebeard (1972 movie)

Bluebeard is a 1972 Italian German French horror movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1697 folk tale of the same name by Charles Perrault. It stars Richard Burton, Raquel Welch, Joey Heatherton, Sybil Danning, Jean Lefebvre and was distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corporation.


The Big Lift

The Big Lift is a 1950 American drama movie set in Berlin, Germany directed by George Seaton. It stars Montgomery Clift, Paul Douglas, Cornell Borchers, Bruni Löbel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ayiroor

Ayiroor (Ayroor) is a village in the Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. The Pamba River flows on the southern side of the village, making the soil around the village very fertile.

People of Ayiroor cultivate coconut, rubber, cocoa, tapioca, plantains, cinnamon, pepper, nutmeg, vanilla, rambutan,etc

One of the highlights of Ayiroor is the "Cherukolpuzha Hindu Parishad", a religious festival that is held for a week in February. Snake boat races also attract people to the village.




Enathu

According to2011 Census, Enathu had a population of 20,540 people.



Enathu Bailey bridge

Enathu Bailey bridge was a Bailey bridge made by Indian Army through Kallada River in Enathu, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala. The bridge opened to the public on 10 April, 2017. The bridge is 54.50-metre-long 3.5 metres wide.

In September 2017, the Indian Army dismantled the Bailey bridge, after the maintenance of Enathu Bridge was completed..

The Jackpot

The Jackpot is a 1950 American comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and starring James Stewart, James Gleason, Barbara Hale, Fred Clark, Alan Mowbray, and Natalie Wood. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Malayala Manorama

Malayala Manorama is a daily newspaper in Malayalam published from Kottayam, Kerala, India by the Malayala Manorama Company Limited.

According to World Association of Newspapers, as of 2016, it was the fourteenth most circulated newspaper in the world.



Night People (1954 movie)

Night People is a 1954 American drama movie directed by Nunnally Johnson. It stars Gregory Peck, Broderick Crawford, Anita Bjork, Buddy Ebsen, and Walter Abel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.

The Adventures of Hajji Baba

The Adventures of Hajji Baba is a 1954 American adventure movie directed by Don Weis and based on the 1824 novel "The Adventures of Hajji Baba of Ispahan" by James Justinian Morier. It stars John Derek, Elaine Stewart, Thomas Gomez, Rosemarie Bowe, Joanne Arnold and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Abominable Snowman (movie)

The Abominable Snowman (U.S. title: The Abominable Snowman of the Himalayas) is a 1957 British fantasy horror movie directed by Val Guest and stars Peter Cushing, Forrest Tucker, Maureen Connell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pork Chop Hill

Pork Chop Hill is a 1959 American Korean War drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and based on the 1956 novel by S.L.A. Marshall. It stars Gregory Peck, Rip Torn, Woody Strode, George Peppard, George Shibata, Martin Landau, Barry Atwater, Abel Fernandez, Biff Elliot, Harry Dean Stanton. It was distributed by United Artists. It was a minor box office hit.


Mayurbhanj district

Mayurbhanj district is one of the 30 districts in Odisha, India. The main city is Baripada. Mayurbhanj has an area of . In 2011, there were 2,519,738 people living in Mayurbhanj district.

Thue et Mue

Thue et Mue is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Bretteville-l'Orgueilleuse (the seat), Brouay, Cheux, Le Mesnil-Patry, Putot-en-Bessin and Sainte-Croix-Grand-Tonne.

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées-Corbon

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées-Corbon is a commune in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2015 and consists of the former communes of Notre-Dame-d'Estrées (the seat) and Corbon.

Castine-en-Plaine

Castine-en-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in northwestern France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Rocquancourt (the seat), Hubert-Folie and Tilly-la-Campagne.

La Vespière-Friardel

La Vespière-Friardel is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of La Vespière (the seat) and Friardel.

Cabrespine

Cabrespine is a commune of 176 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailhau

Cailhau is a commune of 266 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailhavel

Cailhavel is a commune of 132 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailla

Cailla is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cambieure

Cambieure is a commune of 304 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Campagna-de-Sault

Campagna-de-Sault is a commune with 19 people living there in the year 2017. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Campagne-sur-Aude

Campagne-sur-Aude is a commune of 581 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camplong-d'Aude

Camplong-d'Aude is a commune of 367 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camps-sur-l'Agly

Camps-sur-l'Agly is a commune of 55 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camurac

Camurac is a commune of 98 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Canet, Aude

Canet is a commune of 1,778 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Capendu

Capendu is a commune of 1,468 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Carlipa

Carlipa is a commune of 340 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cascastel-des-Corbières

Cascastel-des-Corbières is a commune of 221 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gincla

Gincla is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montferrand, Aude

Montferrand is a commune of 565 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sega AM2

, often abbreviated as Sega AM R&D No. 2 or Sega AM2 and known as , is a video game development division of the Japanese company Sega. It was founded by Yu Suzuki in 1985. Sega AM2 is best known for the "Hang On", "Out Run", "Virtua Fighter", "Daytona USA" and "Shenmue" series.

AM2's first 3D game was "Virtua Racing". It was published in 1992. It was followed by "Virtua Fighter" and "Daytona USA".

Space Station Processing Facility

The Space Station Processing Facility (SSPF) is a factory building at the Kennedy Space Center's industrial complex. 

It was built in 1994 to make parts for the International Space Station and test them for launch. 

Today, the SSPF is used to make and process all of NASA's future space station components, such as the Lunar Gateway and resupply vehicles for International Space Station. 

The building has a total floor area of 42,000 sq meters, is four stories high, and contains two enormous cleanrooms that serve as the main manufacturing bay. The building also has a ballroom for lectures, meetings and dinner events; office space for laboratories and computers; a canteen (with a restaurant and refreshment area), and several visitor areas. Tours are free (included in the KSC visitor complex bus tour), and show many areas of the factory.

La Cassaigne

La Cassaigne is a commune of 169 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cassaignes

Cassaignes is a commune of 56 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villemagne

Villemagne is a commune of 261 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-les-Corbières

Villeneuve-les-Corbières is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Caunette-sur-Lauquet

Caunette-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 4 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Les Cassés

Les Cassés is a commune of 295 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castans

Castans is a commune of 134 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castelnau-d'Aude

Castelnau-d'Aude is a commune of 491 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castelreng

Castelreng is a commune of 207 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caudebronde

Caudebronde is a commune of 189 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pomy, Aude

Pomy is a commune in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. In 2017, 59 people lived there.

Saint-Martin-de-Villereglan

Saint-Martin-de-Villereglan is a commune of 363 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caunettes-en-Val

Caunettes-en-Val is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caux-et-Sauzens

Caux-et-Sauzens is a commune of 979 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Cavanac

Cavanac is a commune of 923 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caves, Aude

Caves is a commune of 875 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Conques-sur-Orbiel

Conques-sur-Orbiel is a commune of 2,525 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in southern France.

Le Clat

Le Clat is a commune of 21 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cazalrenoux

Cazalrenoux is a commune of 91 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Counozouls

Counozouls is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Molleville

Molleville is a commune of 130 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Fanjeaux

Fanjeaux is a commune of 834 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Duilhac-sous-Peyrepertuse

Duilhac-sous-Peyrepertuse is a commune of 146 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cenne-Monestiés

Cenne-Monestiés is a commune of 401 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cazilhac, Aude

Cazilhac is a commune of 1,648 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cépie

Cépie is a commune of 646 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Chalabre

Chalabre is a commune in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. In 2017, 1,118 people lived there.

Citou

Citou is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Trèbes

Trèbes is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lasserre-de-Prouille

Lasserre-de-Prouille is a commune of 267 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Theodemer

Theudemeres (thu du mers) was the king of the Franks in the Middle ages.


Wairoa

Wairoa is a small province in Northern Hawkes Bay, New Zealand. The population of Wairoa is 8680 as of the June 2018 Census.

Wairoa Government Official Website

Clermont-sur-Lauquet

Clermont-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

John Bryant (journalist)

John Bryant "(1943 – 30 April 2020)" was a British journalist. He was the editor of "The Daily Telegraph" from 2005 to 2007. He was also was editor of "The European", editor of "The Sunday Correspondent", deputy editor of "The Times" and executive editor of the "Daily Mail". 

He helped create the London Marathon, with Chris Brasher. He was born in Haselbury Plucknett, Somerset, England.

Bryant died on 30 April 2020 in Surrey, aged 76.

Comus

Comus is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Conilhac-Corbières

Conilhac-Corbières is a commune of 917 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Escueillens-et-Saint-Just-de-Bélengard

Escueillens-et-Saint-Just-de-Bélengard is a commune of 156 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coudons

Coudons is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caunes-Minervois

Caunes-Minervois is a commune of 1,654 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Colfax, Illinois

Colfax is a village in Illinois in the United States.

David City, Nebraska

David City is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Butler County.

Oeschebüttel

Oeschebüttel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Cagayan

Cagayan (; ; ; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island, and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north. The capital is Tuguegarao.

Chung Hae-won

Chung Hae-Won (, 1 July 1959 – 1 May 2020) was a South Korean football striker and coach. He scored two goals to give South Korea national football team a 2–1 win over North Korea national football team. He played for the national team in 1978 and again from 1980 to 1990. He also played for Busan IPark from 1983 to 1990.

Chung died on 1 May 2020 of liver cancer in Seoul, aged 60.

Alytus County

Alytus County () is one of the 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital is the city of Alytus.

The municipalities in Alytus County are:

Augustine Mahiga

Augustine Philip Mahiga (28 August 1945 – 1 May 2020) was a Tanzanian CCM politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tanzania from 2015 to 2019. He was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2003 to 2010. He was born in Dar es Salaam, Tanganyika.

Mahiga died on 1 May 2020 in Dodoma, Tanzania from COVID-19, aged 74.


Utena County

Utena County () is one of the 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital is Utena.

There are six municipalities:

Benjamín Moreno

Benjamín Moreno (17 April 1955 – 1 May 2020), known simply as Moreno, was a Spanish footballer. He played as striker. From 1980 to 1985, he played for CD Leganés. Moreno was born in Guarromán, Spain.

Moreno died in Madrid of heart failure on 1 May 2020, aged 55.

In a Lonely Place

In a Lonely Place is a 1950 American romantic drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Dorothy B. Hughes. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Gloria Grahame, Frank Lovejoy, Martha Stewart, Robert Warwick and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


RNA vaccine

Messenger RNA vaccines or mRNA vaccines is a type of vaccine that protects the body from certain viruses. Like all vaccines, mRNA vaccines increase the body's immunity so the patient is less likely to catch an infectious disease.

Almost all cells make and use their own mRNA. They use it to make proteins. Each mRNA is like a blueprint or recipe for one kind of protein.

Most vaccines work by taking something from a harmful germ and putting it inside the patient's body without any parts of the germ that cause harm. Then the patient's own cells learn to identify the germ using its other parts. Then, if a living germ ever attacks the body, the patient's cells fight it off without having to learn what it is first. Some vaccines do this by putting a dead, weak germ inside the patient's body. Other vaccines do this by putting lots of proteins that the germ makes inside the body but not any germs themselves. mRNA vaccines work by putting mRNA inside the body instead of protein. Then the body uses the mRNA to make protein itself.

mRNA vaccines can be injected into the skin or muscle with a needle. Some mRNA vaccines can be inhaled into the patient's nose. Anti-cancer mRNA vaccines can be injected into the tumor -- these vaccines are made to have the body make its own cells attack and kill cancer cells.

Scientists think mRNA vaccines are safer than other vaccines because it is easy to make the mRNA that makes only specific proteins of a germ, while other types of vaccines may have harmful parts of the germ that can cause a bad effect on the body. This way, the mRNA does not make whole germs inside the body. Some proteins can be harmful to the body, but mRNA itself is not.

The first mRNA vaccine was used in mice around 1990 but it was a long time before large numbers of scientists started to work making mRNA vaccines.

The first mRNA vaccines used on people were made to work against cancer in the late 1990s. Doctors found out which proteins only tumor cells make and used mRNA for those proteins as a vaccine so the patient's own immune systems would kill some of the tumor cells.

Harriet Craig

Harriet Craig is a 1950 American film noir drama movie directed by Vincent Sherman and based on the 1925 play "Craig's Wife" by George Kelly. It stars Joan Crawford, Wendell Corey, Allyn Joslyn, Lucile Watson and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Carl Værnet

Carl Vaernet (born: April 28, 1893 in Copenhagen, Denmark, died on November 25, 1965, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a doctor in the Buchenwald concentration camp. He is infamous for doing barbaric medical experiments on gay prisoners. These crimes were hidden from history for over 50 years. 

With help from the British military, he was not put on trial at Nuremburg. He escaped to Argentina where he is known to have lived openly until his death in 1965.

The Marrying Kind

The Marrying Kind is a 1952 American comedy drama movie directed by George Cukor and starring Judy Holliday, Aldo Ray, Ruth Gordon, Charles Bronson, Frank Ferguson, Madge Kennedy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Astarte

Astarte (Ashtoreth, also spelled Athtart, Ashtoreth, or Ashtart) is the Queen of Heaven to whom the Canaanites burned offerings and poured libations (Jeremiah 44). Astarte, goddess of war and sexual love, shared so many qualities with her sister, Anath, that they may originally have been seen as a single deity. Their names together are the basis for the Aramaic goddess Atargatis.

Astarte was a great goddess of the ancient Middle East and chief deity of Tyre, Sidon, and Elat, important Mediterranean seaports. Hebrew scholars now feel that the goddess Ashtoreth mentioned so often in the Bible is a deliberate conflation of the Greek name Astarte and the Hebrew word "boshet", “shame,” indicating the Hebrews’ contempt for her cult. Ashtaroth, the plural form of the goddess’s name in Hebrew, became a general term denoting goddesses and paganism.

Astarte was worshiped in Egypt and Ugarit and among the Hittites, as well as in Canaan. Her Akkadian counterpart was Ishtar. Later she became assimilated with the Egyptian deities Isis and Hathor (a goddess of the sky and of women), and in the Greco-Roman world with Aphrodite, Artemis, and Juno.

Astarte is a Semitic queen, and sister of Isis.

Young Jesse James

Young Jesse James is 1960 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and stars Ray Stricklyn, Merry Anders, Robert Dix, Emile Meyer, Willard Parker, Rayford Barnes, Tyler McVey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Manu Gavassi

Manoela Latini Gavassi Francisco (born January 4, 1993) is an Brazilain Singer, songwriter, actress, writer and directora

Cymose

Cymose inflorescence (cyme) is a type of flowering shoot. The first inflorescence develops from the growing region at the top of the flower stalk. The younger shoots flower on the sides. 

Hell and High Water (movie)

Hell and High Water is a 1954 American Cold War drama movie directed by Samuel Fuller and stars Richard Widmark, Bella Darvi, Victor Francen, Cameron Mitchell, David Wayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.


The Gunfighter

The Gunfighter is a 1950 American western movie directed by Henry King and stars Gregory Peck, Karl Malden, Helen Westcott, Jean Parker, Millard Mitchell, Richard Jaeckel, Ellen Corby. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951.


The Eagle and the Hawk

The Eagle and the Hawk is a 1950 American western movie directed by Lewis R. Foster and stars John Payne, Rhonda Fleming, Dennis O'Keefe, Thomas Gomez, Fred Clark. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2008 United States presidential election in Texas

The 2008 United States presidential election in Texas occurred on November 4 2008 as part of, that year's national election. John McCain won the election, winning the state's 34 electoral votes.

2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina

The 2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place as part of that year's national presidential election. This election took place on November 4, 2008. Barack Obama won, becoming the first Democrat to win North Carolina since Jimmy Carter in 1976. Obama was very narrowly elected, winning 49.7% of the vote. John McCain received 49.38% of the vote.

Under the Yum Yum Tree

Under the Yum Yum Tree is a 1963 American romantic comedy movie directed by David Swift and based on the play of the same name by Lawrence Roman. It stars Jack Lemmon, Carol Lynley, Dean Jones, Edie Adams, Paul Lynde, Joy Harmon, Bill Bixby and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Yellow Rolls-Royce

The Yellow Rolls-Royce is a 1964 British romantic comedy drama movie directed by Anthony Asquith and stars Rex Harrison, Shirley MacLaine, Omar Sharif, Ingrid Bergman, George C. Scott, Jeanne Moreau, Art Carney, Edmund Purdom, Roland Culver, Riccardo Garrone. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 2 BAFTAS.

Kaunas County

Kaunas County is one of the ten counties of Lithuania. The capital city is Kaunas. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

The county is divided into municipalities:

Klaipėda County

Klaipėda County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is also named Klaipėda. It is the only county to have a coastline.

On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

There are seven municipalities:

Marijampolė County

Marijampolė County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital is Marijampolė. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Night Without Sleep

Night Without Sleep is a 1952 American mystery thriller movie directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Gary Merrill, Linda Darnell, Hildegarde Neff, Hugh Beaumont. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Panevėžys County

Panevėžys County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Panevėžys. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended. 

Panevėžys County has the following municipalities:

Šiauliai County

Šiauliai County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. Its capital is Šiauliai. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Tauragė County

Tauragė County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. Its capital is Tauragė. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Pal Joey

Pal Joey is a 1957 American musical movie directed by George Sidney and based on the 1940 play of the same name by John O'Hara. It stars Frank Sinatra, Rita Hayworth, Kim Novak, Bobby Sherwood, Barbara Nichols and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1958.


The Queen of Babylon

La cortigiana di Babilonia (English title: "Queen of Babylon") is a 1954 Italian action drama movie directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Rhonda Fleming, Ricardo Montalbán, Roldano Lupi, Carlo Ninchi, Tamara Lees. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Telšiai County

Telšiai County is one of ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Telšiai. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Stagecoach to Fury

Stagecoach to Fury is a 1956 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and starring Forrest Tucker, Mari Blanchard, Wallace Ford, Paul Fix, Wright King, Ellen Corby, Rayford Barnes. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Vilnius County

Vilnius County is one of 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Vilnius. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Erathu

Erathu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Erathu. India census, Erathu had a population of 23296 with 11246 males and 12050 females.

East- Ezhamkulam Panchayat and Adoor Municipality

West- Kadampanad Panchayat and Pallickal Panchayat

North- Pallickal Panchayat and Adoor Municipality

South- Ezhamkulam Panchayat and Kadampanad Panchayat

As of now Erathu consists of 17 wards. The number of wards have been increased over the years according to the increase in population though there was no increase in the land area.


Erathu is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Eraviperoor

 India census, Eraviperoor had a population of 26,038 with 12,324 males and 13,714 females.

The War Wagon

The War Wagon is a 1967 American western movie directed by Burt Kennedy and based on the novel of the same name by Clair Huffaker. It stars John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Howard Keel, Keenan Wynn, Bruce Dern, Bruce Cabot, Hal Needham and distributed by Universal Pictures.


Erumakkadu

Erumakkadu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Erumakkadu.

Erumakkadu is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Ezhamkulam

Ezhamkulam is famous for the Ezhamkulam Devi Temple. 
At the 2001 India census, Ezhamkulam had a population of 18,884 with 9,017 males and 9,867 females.


Ezhumattoor

 India census, Ezhumattoor had a population of 11,423 with 5,540 males and 5,883 females.
The main occupation of people is farming. The major crops are coconut, tapioca and pepper. 

Gavi

Gavi is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India. it is famous for its biodiversity and rain forests.

Gavi is consisting of evergreen forests. There are somany animals such as tiger, elephants, leopards, bears, Indian gaur, sambar, barking and mouse deers, lion tailed macaque, Nilgiri langur, Nilgiri marten, Malabar giant squirrel and more than 250 species of birds can be seen there.

Summer: February–April, daytime temperatures up to 28 °C. but can drop to 20 °C at night.
Monsoon: June–August, daytime temperatures up to 25 °C but can drop to 10 °C at night.

Iravon

Iravon is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Iravon.

Iravon is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Quiet Man

The Quiet Man is a 1952 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by John Ford and based on the 1933 short story of the same name by Maurice Walsh. It stars John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Barry Fitzgerald, Ward Bond, Victor McLaglen, Eileen Crowe, Mildred Natwick, Jack MacGowran and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 at the Academy Awards in 1953.


Prescription for Murder

Prescription for Murder, also known as Rx Murder, is a 1958 American British crime movie directed by Derek Twist and based on the 1955 novel "The Deeds of Dr. Deadcert" by Joan Fleming. It stars Rick Jason, Lisa Gastoni, Marius Goring, Vida Hope, Nicholas Hannen, Frederick Leister, Patrick Waddington and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Blood Beach

Blood Beach is a 1980 American horror movie directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring David Huffman, Marianna Hill, Otis Young, Burt Young, John Saxon.


Samuel Rivera

Samuel Rivera (1946 – May 1, 2020) was an American politician and criminal. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was Mayor of Passaic, New Jersey from 2001 until 2008. 

On September 6, 2007, Rivera was indicted and arrested on charges of accepting bribes. Rivera pleaded guilty to attempted extortion and resigned. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison. 

Rivera died on May 1, 2020 of problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 73.

The Zodiac Killer

The Zodiac Killer is a 1971 American thriller movie directed by Tom Hanson and stars Hal Reed, Bob Jones, Ray Lynch, Tom Pittman.


Ludwig (movie)

Ludwig is a 1973 Italian French German biographical drama movie directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Helmut Berger, Romy Schneider, Trevor Howard, Silvana Mangano, Gert Fröbe, Helmut Griem, John Moulder-Brown, Heinz Moog.

Natalie Harrowell

Natalie Harrowell (9 February 1990 – 10 December 2019) was an English rugby league player who played in the first-ever Women's Super League Grand Final in 2017. Harrowell played for Featherstone Rovers and was regarded as a "key member of the women's club team", she also held 3 caps for England Rugby League. She was admitted to the hospital with a virus and died during December 2019.


That Cold Day in the Park

That Cold Day in the Park is a 1969 Canadian suspense drama movie directed by Robert Altman and based on novel of the same name by Peter Miles. It stars Sandy Dennis, Michael Burns, Linda Sorenson, Susanne Benton, Luana Anders, Michael Murphy.

Thief (movie)

Thief is a 1981 crime thriller movie directed by Michael Mann and based on the 1975 novel "" by Frank Hohimer. It stars James Caan, Tuesday Weld, Willie Nelson, James Belushi, Robert Prosky, William Petersen and was distributed by United Artists.


Travels with My Aunt (movie)

Travels with My Aunt is a 1972 American adventure comedy movie directed by George Cukor and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Maggie Smith, Alec McCowen, Louis Gossett Jr., Cindy Williams, Robert Flemyng and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1973.

Bashu, the Little Stranger

Bashu, the Little Stranger () is a 1986 Iranian drama movie directed by Bahram Beizai and starring Susan Taslimi, Parviz Poorhosseini. It was considered at the best film of the 1980's in Iranian cinema.

Zealot

The Zealots were a group of Jews who lived about the same time as Jesus. They wanted to defeat the Romans, who were the rulers of Palestine at that time. They used violence to meet their goals. One of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, named Simon, was a Zealot. The word "zealot" (not written with a capital letter) in modern English is used for any person who has a very strong idea about things and works hard to act upon their ideas. There are political and religious zealots but people can be "zealous" about other things also.

Operation Crossbow

Operation Crossbow later re-released as "The Great Spy Mission" is a 1965 British World War II thriller movie directed by Michael Anderson and starring Sophia Loren, George Peppard, Trevor Howard, John Mills, Jeremy Kemp, Anthony Quayle, Tom Courtenay, Sylvia Syms, Maurice Denham, Richard Todd, Allan Cuthbertson. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Economic regions of Azerbaijan

Politically, Azerbaijan is divided into these economic regions:


Comigne

Comigne is a commune of 305 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cruscades

Cruscades is a commune of 926 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Couffoulens

Couffoulens is a commune of 601 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coursan

Coursan is a commune of 5,908 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cournanel

Cournanel is a commune of 714 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Courtauly

Courtauly is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Courtète

La Courtète is a commune of 45 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coustaussa

Coustaussa is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It has a ruined castle.

Corbières, Aude

Corbières is a commune of 27 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Couiza

Couiza is a commune of 1,111 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coustouge

Coustouge is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cubières-sur-Cinoble

Cubières-sur-Cinoble is a commune of 96 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cucugnan

Cucugnan is a commune of 123 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The small village lies in a valley in the Corbières Massif, overlooked by the ruined Château de Quéribus.

Cumiès

Cumiès is a commune of 36 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cuxac-Cabardès

Cuxac-Cabardès is a commune of 911 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cuxac-d'Aude

Cuxac-d'Aude is a commune of 4,030 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Davejean

Davejean is a commune of 117 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Dernacueillette

Dernacueillette is a commune of 41 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Digne-d'Amont

La Digne-d'Amont is a commune of 287 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rourkela

Rourkela is a district in Odisha.

La Digne-d'Aval

La Digne-d'Aval is a commune of 536 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Donazac

Donazac is a commune of 109 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Douzens

Douzens is a commune of 751 people (2015). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Durban-Corbières

Durban-Corbières is a commune of 649 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Embres-et-Castelmaure

Embres-et-Castelmaure is a commune of 152 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villardonnel

Villardonnel is a commune of 498 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Escouloubre

Escouloubre is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Espéraza

Espéraza is a commune of 1,870 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Espezel

Espezel is a commune of 206 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Fajolle

La Fajolle is a commune of 11 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fenouillet-du-Razès

Fenouillet-du-Razès is a commune of 85 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Kadakkad

Kadakkad is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.


Kadammanitta

Kadammanitta is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kadammanitta.

Kadammanitta is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kadampanad

Kadampanad is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

The name Kadampanad might have been formed from the word " khada nadu". There is also a belief that this place was occupied by Kadampa dynasty kings and hence the name Kadampanad was derived.

According to 2011 census, Kadampanad has a population of 26839 with 12769 males and 14070 females. The literacy rate as per the census data is 92.2%

Kadapra

Kadapra is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kadapra.

Kadapra is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Great Commission

The Great Commission in Christian belief is something that Jesus told his followers. This happened after his resurrection. Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to go all over the world and tell everyone about Him. The most well known version of the Great Commission is in Matthew 28:16 to 20. Jesus meets his followers on a mountain in Galilee. He tells them to make disciples of and baptize everyone in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit.

Earlier Jesus had sent out 70 of his followers to preach and heal, but only to the Jews. However, Jesus himself had healed some non-Jewish people before. At the beginning of his public work, Jesus spoke to His own people. After rising from the dead, he made it clear that His message was for everyone. This "commission" is very important to missionaries who believe that God wants them to go to every country in the world and preach about Jesus.

Montillières-sur-Orne

Montillières-sur-Orne is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Trois-Monts (the seat) and Goupillières.

Noues de Sienne

Noues de Sienne is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Sever-Calvados (the seat), Champ-du-Boult, Courson, Fontenermont, Le Gast, Le Mesnil-Benoist, Le Mesnil-Caussois, Mesnil-Clinchamps, Saint-Manvieu-Bocage and Sept-Frères.

Noyers-Missy

Noyers-Missy was a short-lived commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Noyers-Bocage (the seat) and Missy. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val d'Arry.

Laize-Clinchamps

Laize-Clinchamps is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Laize-la-Ville (the seat) and Clinchamps-sur-Orne.

Moulins en Bessin

Moulins en Bessin is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Martragny (the seat), Coulombs, Cully and Rucqueville.

Colomby-Anguerny

Colomby-Anguerny is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Anguerny (the seat) and Colomby-sur-Thaon.

Ferran

Ferran is a commune of 111 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Festes-et-Saint-André

Festes-et-Saint-André is a commune of 206 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fontanès-de-Sault

Fontanès-de-Sault is a commune of 5 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fabrezan

Fabrezan is a commune of 1,291 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fourtou

Fourtou is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fajac-en-Val

Fajac-en-Val is a commune of 38 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Terroles

Terroles is a commune of 17 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Julia-de-Bec

Saint-Julia-de-Bec is a commune of 104 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gaja-et-Villedieu

Gaja-et-Villedieu is a commune of 292 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Galinagues

Galinagues is a commune of 35 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Marsa, Aude

Marsa is a commune of 18 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gardie, Aude

Gardie is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gramazie

Gramazie is a commune of 117 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ginoles

Ginoles is a commune of 303 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Miracles of Jesus

The miracles of Jesus are things the Bible and Qur'an say that Jesus did, that a person normally cannot do. Followers of those religions say, that Jesus did those things by the power of God.
The Gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke record many of these stories. The most common ones are healing people who are sick, blind, lame or deaf. In many cases, the sicknesses or other problems are said to be caused by demons. Jesus said, that he had power over the demons, and so He could stop their evil work. The enemies of Jesus told him to do miracles to show, that He had supernatural power, but He refused. However, for his followers, he did several miracles that showed His power. These included stopping a storm in the sea, walking on water and making a tree die.
In Islam, Jesus is said to have spoken from his cradle, made a clay bird come alive, and brought down from heaven a table full of food. Both the Qur'an and the Christian New Testament say, that Jesus brought some dead people back to life.

In the Gospel of John, only seven miracles are mentioned. John calls them "signs". Their purpose was to teach something about the power of Jesus, not just to help people. Two of the greatest miracles recorded are the Virgin birth of Jesus and the resurrection. The Qur'an also mentions the Virgin birth, but not the resurrection.

Throughout history, many Christians have said that they have been healed by Jesus. Roman Catholic believers have many such stories. Some places, such as Lourdes, are places where sick people go to be healed by Jesus. Other Christians say that Jesus has healed them or done other miracles at large Christian meetings. Other Christians think that Jesus only did such things when he was on Earth. They do not believe that such miracles happen today.

Tumbleweed

Several plant species that grow in arid, steppe-like environments use the wind to propagate. The structure that is pushed by the wind is usually called tumbleweed. This structure will detach from its root or stem and will roll on the ground. In most such species, the tumbleweed consists of the whole plant apart from the root system. Sometimes, only a hollow fruit or inflorescence detaches. Tumbleweed species occur most commonly in steppe and arid ecosystems, where frequent wind and the open environment permit rolling easly.

Most tissues of the tumbleweed structure are dead. This needs to be the case, because the structure needs to degrade and fall apart so that its seeds or spores can escape during the tumbling. Sometimes they germinate after the tumbleweed has come to rest in a wet location. In this case, many species of tumbleweed open mechanically, releasing their seeds as they swell when they absorb water.

The tumbleweed diaspore disperses seeds. This stategy is not limited to the seed plants; some species of spore-bearing cryptogams—such as "Selaginella"—form tumbleweeds, and some fungi that resemble puffballs dry out, break free of their attachments and are similarly tumbled by the wind, dispersing spores as they go.


Greffeil

Greffeil is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Granès

Granès is a commune of 97 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hounoux

Hounoux is a commune of 136 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. This used to be a hotspot, but now it's a parking lot.

T
Joucou

Joucou is a commune of 35 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fonters-du-Razès

Fonters-du-Razès is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ferrals-les-Corbières

Ferrals-les-Corbières is a commune of 1,192 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ladern-sur-Lauquet

Ladern-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 266 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lauraguel

