Lindsay Anne "Annie" Bovaird (born February 28, 1992) is a Canadian actress, well known for voicing the title character in the animated TV series "Caillou" after its previous voice actress Jaclyn Linetsky died in a car crash. She also voiced "Elsa" in "Creepschool", "Zaza" in "Dragon Hunters", "Denim Farqueson" in "The Tournament", "Juju" in "Potatoes and Dragons" and was in other shows and movies.

Cardinal de Rohan

Louis René Édouard de Rohan known as Cardinal de Rohan (25 September 1734 – 16 February 1803), "prince de Rohan-Guéméné", was a French bishop of Strasbourg, politician, cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and cadet of the Rohan family. 

His parents were Hercule Mériadec, Prince of Guéméné and Louise Gabrielle Julie de Rohan. He was born in Paris.

Rohan was made Ambassador to Vienna in 1771. He arrived at Vienna in January 1772, and made a great party of himself. Because of this, Empress Maria Theresa and her daughter, Marie Antoinette did not like him.

He was a key figure of the Affair of the Diamond Necklace. In an attempt to get on Marie Antoinette's good side, he thought that Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy was a friend of the Queen, however not knowing that she lied to him, he was tricked into buying the diamond necklace and giving it to Jeanne.

Cry, the Beloved Country (1951 movie)

Cry, the Beloved Country is a 1951 British drama movie directed by Zoltan Korda and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Alan Paton. It stars Canada Lee, Charles Carson, Sidney Poitier, Joyce Carey, Geoffrey Keen, Michael Goodliffe and was distributed by United Artists. A remake was made in 1995 with the same title starring James Earl Jones and Richard Harris.


Lamington, New Jersey

Lamington is an unincorporated community located within Bedminster Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. 

The Lamington Historic District, which includes the Presbyterian Church and the Lamington Black Cemetery, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

Ann Mitchell

Ann Mitchell (born 22 April 1939) is a British actress. She was born in London. She became known in the 1980s when she starred as Dolly Rawlins in the crime series "Widows" as well as the sequels "Widows 2" and "She's Out".

In 2011, she was cast as Cora Cross in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". She also starred as Mrs. Warren in "Mrs. Warren's Profession" and her Laurence Olivier Award nominated performance in "Through the Leaves".

Watchhouse in the Carpathians

Watchhouse in the Carpathians (Hungarian: Őrház a Kárpátokban) is a 1914 Hungarian drama movie directed by first time director Alexander Korda and Gyula Zilahy. It stars Anna Hadrik and Gusztáv Vándory.

United 93 (movie)

United 93 is a 2006 biographical drama-thriller movie written, co-produced and directed by Paul Greengrass. It is about the events aboard United Airlines Flight 93, which was hijacked during the September 11 attacks.

The movie was made with the help of many of the passengers' families, though not all agreed to participate.

On the morning of September 11, 2001, four al-Qaeda terrorists Ziad Jarrah, Saeed al-Ghamdi, Ahmed al-Nami and Ahmed al-Haznawi pray in a Newark, New Jersey hotel, and after Jarrah makes a final phone call to his girlfriend, board United Airlines Flight 93, piloted by Captain Jason Dahl and First Officer LeRoy Homer Jr., at Newark International Airport. Among the passengers are Tom Burnett, Todd Beamer, Jeremy Glick, Richard Guadagno, Louis J. Nacke II, Lauren Grandcolas and Mark Bingham who is the last passenger to board, barely making the flight.

Air traffic controllers determine that American Airlines Flight 11 has been hijacked and is heading toward New York City. Flight 93 takes off after a slight delay. Flight 11 crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, and United Airlines Flight 175 is also hijacked and heads toward New York City. Air traffic controllers learn that American Airlines Flight 77 has also been hijacked and watch as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower .

As the passengers are served breakfast on Flight 93, Jarrah hesitates to give the sign to start the hijacking. Via an ACARS message, Dahl and Homer are notified of the WTC attacks and to beware cockpit intrusion. Nami demands to start the hijack and Jarrah nervously insists not yet. An impatient Haznawi prepares an artificial bomb in the lavatory and Ghamdi grabs flight attendant Deborah Welsh at knifepoint. Passenger Mark Rothenberg is mortally wounded by Haznawi who shows the "bomb", causing mass panic among the passengers. Haznawi and Nami force the first-class passengers to the back of the plane while Ghamdi kills Homer and Dahl after he sends out a mayday call, then kills Welsh. Jarrah takes control of the plane and flies to Washington, D.C., to crash it into the United States Capitol. Grandcolas (an emergency medical technician) tries to help the dying Rothenberg but Nami berates her. The hijackers jubilantly react to the WTC attack. While flight attendants Sandra Bradshaw and CeeCee Lyles unsuccessfully attempt to revive Rothenberg, Bradshaw sees the hijackers moving the bodies of the pilots and Welsh and the passengers overhear this.

After Flight 77 crashes into The Pentagon, FAA National Operations Manager Ben Sliney shuts down all United States air space and ground all flights. Passengers on Flight 93 learn from family members via airphone of the attacks. Realising their plane is going to be used as a weapon, Burnett, Bingham, Beamer, Glick, Guadagno and Nacke organize an assault against the hijackers to retake the plane, with assistance from flight staff, arming themselves with weapons, learning passenger Donald Greene is a licensed pilot and passenger Andrew Garcia is a former air traffic controller. Seeing the group gather, Haznawi and Nami anxiously realise they can't keep the passengers under control for long and Jarrah and Ghamdi become agitated, as they are twenty minutes away from their target and realise the passengers will thwart their plans. Passenger Christian Adams, attempting to counsel appeasement, is restrained by some of the passengers, while other passengers pray and make final calls to loved ones.

After Beamer urges the passengers to take action, Glick leads the group against a stunned Haznawi. Haznawi is tackled and repeatedly beaten by Glick and Nacke. While Nami, Ghamdi and Jarrah panic and Ghamdi’s plead for assistance is refused by Jarrah, Bingham crushes Haznawi’s skull with a fire extinguisher, killing him and Nacke declares the bomb a fake. Grandcolas, passengers William Cashman, Patrick Driscoll and Alan Beaven join the assault, while Jarrah violently rocks the plane to throw the passengers off balance. Despite Nami's efforts to keep the group at bay with the use of a serving cart, Mace and a fire extinguisher, Jarrah’s violent flying causes him to lose balance and the passengers push the cart back into him and a scared Nami is subdued and after gouging out his eyes, Glick snaps Nami's neck, killing him. As Bradshaw, Lyles, Grandcolas, Cashman, Driscoll, and Beaven try to help Greene and Garcia though first-class, the male, able-bodied passengers batter the cockpit door with the cart and Jarrah and Ghamdi become terrified and disheartened as they have failed in their mission, and despite Ghamdi's efforts to hold against the door with the use of a fire axe, the passengers breach the cockpit just as Jarrah puts the plane into a steep dive, and wrestle with the two remaining hijackers for control. Ghamdi tries to protect Jarrah but the passengers overpower him, as Burnett begins choking out Jarrah. The aircraft inverts and crashes into a Shanksville field, killing everyone aboard.

The roles of one of the flight attendants, the two pilots, and many other airline personnel were filled by actual airline employees. During production, the actors playing the crew and the passengers of the flight were put in separate hotels from the actors portraying the hijackers, even eating their meals separately, ostensibly to create an air of antagonism in the film between the two groups. The set itself was built so that it moved the way the actual flight did. During the filming, many of the actors actually got hurt, and the blood visible on their faces during the revolting scene is authentic and not fake. During the scene where Nami is killed by the passengers in the revolt, he is shown crying. Finishing the very first take, Jamie Harding (who played Nami) was overwhelmed that he was sobbing. In this scene, the sobbing Nami makes as Glick holds him around the head and throat and twists, breaking his neck, is authentic and not acted.

Adams saying that the memory of her husband's death was still too raw. "Sunday Times" critic Cosmo Landesman mused, "Surely one of the passengers didn't phone home to point out that there was a cowardly German on board who wanted to give in?" Critic John Harris suggested in a "Guardian" blog, "there will surely be all kinds of cries about old European surrender monkeys, the United States' contrasting backbone etc."

"United 93" premiered on April 26, 2006, at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City. Several family members of the passengers aboard the flight attended the premiere to show their support.

The movie opened in North America on April 28, 2006, to strong positive reviews. The total money made from "United 93" was $31.4 million in the United States, and $76.3 million worldwide.

The movie also received two Academy Award nominations, including Best Director for Greengrass.

World Trade Center (movie)

World Trade Center is a 2006 American survival disaster drama movie directed by Oliver Stone. It is based on the September 11, 2001 attacks at the World Trade Center. It stars Nicolas Cage, Maria Bello, Michael Peña, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Stephen Dorff and Michael Shannon. 

The movie was shot between October 2005 & February 2006. It was released on August 9, 2006. The movie had mixed critical reviews although it made $163 million in the box office.

Stephen Dorff

Stephen Hartley Dorff Jr. (born July 29, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for playing Roland West in the third season of HBO's "True Detective".

He also starred as PK in "The Power of One", Stuart Sutcliffe in "Backbeat", Johnny Marco in Sofia Coppola's "Somewhere". He also starred in "Cecil B. DeMented", "The Motel Life", "S.F.W.", "Space Truckers", and "Blade".

Fahrenheit 9/11

Fahrenheit 9/11 is a 2004 American documentary movie directed, written by, and starring filmmaker, director and political commentator Michael Moore, based upon September 11 attacks. 

The movie is a criticism of George W. Bush, the war in Iraq, and its coverage in the media. 

The movie created intense controversy, including disputes over its accuracy. The title is reference to Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel "Fahrenheit 451".

The movie debuted at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and received a 20-minute standing ovation, among the longest standing ovations in the festival's history. The movie was also awarded the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest award. The movie is the highest grossing documentary of all time.

Gilbert, Arizona

Gilbert is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is located southeast of Phoenix. It was once known as the "Hay Shipping Capital of the World". In 2020, the town's population was 267,918.

Yamata

Yamata is a 1919 Hungarian Russian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Emil Fenyvessy, Ila Lóth, Gábor Rajnay, Gusztáv Vándory.

Murder of Phoenix Netts

Phoenix Netts is a woman whose body was found hidden in two suitcases in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, near the England–Wales border in May 2020.
The investigation began after a member of the public told police about a car being driven suspiciously on the A4136 road near Coleford in the Forest of Dean. Police found the car a short while later and they spoke to two people. Two suitcases containing a human body were found. The two people were arrested and a car taken by police. The body was found on May 12, 2020, around the time 11:30pm.

A search began of Stowfield quarry and the village of Staunton. There were a lot of police in the area. There was a police helicopter and many roads were closed. The A4136 was closed between Monmouth and Coleford. Closures were expected to remain until Friday 15 May 2020. On Friday 15 May 2020 police searched places in Wolverhampton and Birmingham. The police used DNA tests to identify the victim.

Detective chief inspector John Turner, the senior investigating officer, said "The nature of this incident is distressing and we’re working around the clock to fully understand what has happened. Someone’s life has been lost and our priority is to identify the victim and get answers for her family. Searches have taken place in the surrounding area for evidence-gathering and no remains have been found as part of these searches. Our major crime investigation team is working in collaboration with the West Midlands police homicide team to carry out further enquiries."

On Thursday 14 May 2020 a Gloucestershire police spokesman said "Officers have been granted a 36-hour magistrates’ extension to continue questioning two people who were arrested on suspicion of murder. Overnight a 12-hour custody extension had been granted for both the woman aged in her 20s and from Birmingham and the man aged in his 30s and from Wolverhampton. The further 36-hour extension was granted at around midday today and means they can remain in custody for further questioning. Due to the ongoing investigation, road closures and scene guards are likely to remain in place. Gloucestershire constabulary would like to thank local residents and those impacted by the cordons for their patience during this time."

On Friday 15 May 2020, Gloucestershire police said "A postmortem examination yesterday was found to be inconclusive and further examinations are ongoing to establish the cause of death. DNA testing is also ongoing to identify the female victim. Searches have continued today around the area of Stowfield Quarry, near Coleford, and some road closures remain in place in the surrounding area.
Key workers had to find ways around the closed roads. Some thought that the roadblocks were to stop people travelling from England to Wales to exercise. People are only allowed to exercise in their own area because of COVID-19.

A 27 year old woman from Birmingham appeared before Cheltenham Magistrates' court on 19 May 2020 and was charged with killing the woman between 14 April and 12 May 2020 at her home in Birmingham. She was remanded to appear in Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020. A 38 year old man from Wolverhampton was charged with assisting an offender between 25 April and 12 May 2020 and was also remanded to appear before Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020. Both were refused bail appeared before magistrates in Cheltenham via video-link.
The body was that of Phoenix Netts, a 28 year old woman from Birmingham.

Detectives from West Midlands police took over the investigation from Gloucestershire police. Their investigations focused on a women's refuge in Birmingham.

Bail was granted to the man from Wolverhampton but he had to agree to follow rules. He must stay at his home address. He must also stay at home between 7pm and 7am and go daily to police. He must also give police his travel documents. No application for bail was made for the woman from Birmingham.

Both suspects were to next appear at Bristol Crown court on 4 August and a provisional trial date of 10 November has been set.

In November 2020 all charges against the man were dropped.

In April 2021 Gareeca Gordon pleaded guilty to murdering Phoenix Netts. She was sentenced to life imprisonment and must serve at least 23 years and 6 months in prison.

Big and Little Wong Tin Bar

Big and Little Wong Tin Bar (), also known as Seven Little Valiant Fighters ()/Two of a Kind is a 1962 Hong Kong action movie directed by Lung To and stars Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Li Li-Hua, Yueh Wah. It was distributed by Gala Distribution.

Ariane Rump

Ariane Rump is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


Anna Karenina (1953 movie)

Anna Karenina is a 1953 Russian historical drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich and based on the 1877 novel of the same name by Leo Tolstoy. It stars Alla Tarasova, Nikolai Sosnin, Pavel Massalsky, Viktor Stanitsyn and was distributed by Mosfilm.

Katrin Dierolf

Katrin Dierolf is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Ventenac-en-Minervois

Ventenac-en-Minervois is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Véraza

Véraza is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Verdun-en-Lauragais

Verdun-en-Lauragais is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Verzeille

Verzeille is a commune of 493 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Vignevieille

Vignevieille is a commune of 105 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villalier

Villalier is a commune of 1,004 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villanière

Villanière is a commune of 137 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villardebelle

Villardebelle is a commune of 53 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villar-en-Val

Villar-en-Val is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villar-Saint-Anselme

Villar-Saint-Anselme is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villarzel-Cabardès

Villarzel-Cabardès is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villarzel-du-Razès

Villarzel-du-Razès is a commune of 103 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villasavary

Villasavary is a commune of 1,209 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hester Jasper

Hester Jasper (born 7 May 2001) is a Dutch volleyball player. She played for the Dutch national team at the 2019 Nations League tournament.

She started her career at VC Sneek in 2016. She moved to the German Bundesliga club VfB 91 Suhl in 2019.


Villautou

Villautou is a commune with a population of 63 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Affine arithmetic

Affine arithmetic (AA) is a computer arithmetic which was made to improve the performance of interval arithmetic.
Today, the interval arithmetic technology which was made by Sunaga and R. Moore is used in many areas including validated numerics. But unfortunately, interval arithmetic is useless when numerical computation is repeated many times. Therefore, many experts have studied how to overcome this weakness. Affine arithmetic is one result of this movement.
Affine arithmetic is available in some interval arithmetic libraries like INTLAB. It is also used in the following fields:
Some experts are trying to improve affine arithmetic. Their results are known as the extended affine arithmetic or modified affine arithmetic.
This a list of libraries that supports affine arithmetic:



Fake news

Fake news is false or misleading information presented as news. Fake news is also known as junk news, pseudo-news, alternative facts or hoax news. 

It is a form of news made up of misinformation, hoaxes or outright lies spread through large news media (print and broadcast) or online social media. 

In many cases, fake news is spread on purpose. The term was used and made popular by American President Donald Trump.

Although false news has always been spread throughout history, the term "fake news" was first used in the 1890s when sensational reports in newspapers were common in the U.S.A.

One reason fake news is more common today is that various websites pay for contributions according to the number of views. It stands to reason that a sensational claim will get more views than a correct but boring statement. Thus contributors are paid more for invented controversy than true non-sensational facts. This amounts to a premium payment for lies over truth.

Villebazy

Villebazy is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gerhard Strack

Gerhard Strack (1 September 1955 – 21 May 2020) was a German footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Kerpen, West Germany.

He earned ten caps and scored one goal for West Germany from 1982 to 1983. He was included in the West German team for the UEFA Euro 1984.

He also played for 1. FC Cologne from 1974 to 1985. He played for FC Basel from 1985 to 1987. From 1987 to 1988, he played for Fortuna Düsseldorf.

Strack died on 21 May 2020 of a heart attack, aged 64.

Villedaigne

Villedaigne is a commune of 510 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villedubert

Villedubert is a commune of 345 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

FC Basel

FC Basel 1893 ("Fussball Club Basel 1893"), widely known as FC Basel, FCB, or just Basel, is a Swiss football club based in Basel, in the Canton of Basel-Stadt. 

FC Basel was started by an advertisement placed by Roland Geldner in the 12 November 1893 edition of the Basler national newspaper. He wanted that a football team is formed . Everybody who wants to play should come in the restaurant Schuhmachern-Zunft. Eleven men attended the meeting, mainly from the academic community, and founded the Fussball Club Basel on 15 November 1893. 

Since 2009 the club also has a Women soccer team. They als play at the highest level of Swiss Women´s football, the Swiss Women's Super League.




Villefloure

Villefloure is a commune of 165 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villefort, Aude

Villefort is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Lauren Ridloff

Lauren Ridloff (née Teruel; born April 6, 1978) is a deaf American actress. She is known for her role as Connie on the TV series "The Walking Dead". She starred in the Broadway play "Children of a Lesser God", for which she was nominated for a Tony Award. 

The Lovebirds (2020 movie)

The Lovebirds is a 2020 American romantic comedy action mystery thriller movie directed by Michael Showalter. The movie stars Issa Rae and Kumail Nanjiani, as well as Paul Sparks, Anna Camp, and Kyle Bornheimer. It is about a couple who goes on the run after witnessing a murder.

It was supposed to be released by Paramount Pictures on April 3, 2020, but the movie was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Its rights were then sold to Netflix, which released the movie digitally on May 22, 2020.

The movie had mixed reviews with a 67% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Anna Camp

Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her roles as the Sarah Newlin in the HBO vampire drama "True Blood" and Aubrey Posen in the "Pitch Perfect" series (2012–2017). 

McCook, Nebraska

McCook is a city in and the county seat of Red Willow County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 7,446 at the 2020 census.

Falls City, Nebraska

Falls City is a city and county seat of Richardson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 4,133 at the 2020 census.

Middletown Township, New Jersey

Middletown Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township had a total population of 67,106. Middletown is one of the oldest sites of European settlement in New Jersey.

Middle Township, New Jersey

Middle Township is a township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 20,380.

Party for the Future

The Party for the Future () was a political party in the Netherlands.

In 2020, it had two seats in the Senate, where it used the name Caucus-Otten ().

The party planned to participate in the next election on 17 March 2021.

The Party for the Future made its beginning as the "Group Krol/Van Kooten-Arissen" in the House of Representatives. Henk Krol left 50PLUS on 3 May 2020 and started the Party for the Future with Femke Merel van Kooten-Arissen.

On 28 June 2020, the party Group Otten became a part of the Party for the Future.

Femke Merel van Kooten-Arissen left the party on 5 August 2020.

On 18 October 2020, Henk Krol also left the party, because he did not agree with the decision to fire the party's treasurer. Furthermore, one of his employees received a threat from the party's secretary.

Lower Township, New Jersey

Lower Township is a township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 22,057.

Sadhu Sundar Singh

Sadhu Sundar Singh (Punjabi: ; ; born 3 September 1889) was an Indian Christian missionary. He is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.

Born a Sikh in the Punjab state of India, Sundar Singh attended a Christian School. He was also influenced by Hindu and Sikh holy men. At age 14 his mother died and he rebelled against religion. He wanted to commit suicide, but prayed that God would come and stop him. That night, he believed that Jesus appeared to him. He became a Christian missionary. His family opposed this, but at age 16 he was baptized.

Taking the title Sadhu, Sundar began to travel within India and Kashmir. He also went to Afganistan and Tibet. He believed that western influences had corrupted Christian belief and practice. He studied at an Anglican college for a short time. He left because the priest tried to get him to dress like a European and adopt other British customs. His travels are believed to have resulted in many conversions. He kept no records so exact information is not available. It is also told that he did miracles through the power of Jesus.

Later Sundar Singh traveled in many countries including Europe and North America. He was made sad by the materialism of those countries, and returned to India to continue his work. While on a final trip to Tibet, he is assumed to have died, but no details are known.

Smithfield, Rhode Island

Smithfield is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 22,118 at the 2020 census. Smithfield is the home of Bryant University, a private four year college.

Richard Timberlake

Richard H. Timberlake, Jr. (June 24, 1922 – May 22, 2020) was an American economist. He was Professor of Economics at the University of Georgia. He was a known supporter of free banking. He believed that money should be issued by private companies, not by the government. 

He wrote about the Legal Tender Cases of the U.S. Supreme Court in his book "Constitutional Money: A Review of the Supreme Court's Monetary Decisions". He was born in Steubenville, Ohio.

Timberlake died on May 22, 2020 in Athens, Georgia at the age of 97.


Achille Mbembe

Joseph-Achille Mbembe, known as Achille Mbembe (; born 1957), is a Cameroonian philosopher, political theorist, and public intellectual.

Mbembe was born near Otélé in Cameroon in 1957. He obtained his Ph.D. in history at the University of Sorbonne in Paris, France, in 1989. He has held appointments at Columbia University in New York, Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., University of Pennsylvania, University of California, Berkeley, Yale University, Duke University and Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) in Dakar, Senegal. He was assistant professor of history at Columbia University, New York, from 1988–1991, a senior research fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., from 1991 to 1992, associate professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania from 1992 to 1996, executive director of the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (Codesria) in Dakar, Senegal, from 1996 to 2000. Achille was also a visiting professor at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2001, and a visiting professor at Yale University in 2003. He was a research professor in history and politics at Harvard University's W. E. B. Du Bois Research Institute.

He has written extensively in African history and politics, including "La naissance du maquis dans le Sud-Cameroun" (Paris: Karthala, 1996). "On the Postcolony" was published in Paris in 2000 in French and the English translation was published by the University of California Press, Berkeley, in 2001. In 2015, Wits University Press published a new, African edition. He has an A1 rating from the National Research Foundation.

On March 14, 2024, Achille Mbembe was awarded the 2024 Holberg Prize for arts and letters, humanities, law and theology. The handover ceremony takes place on June 6, 2024 at the University of Bergen, Norway.

Mbembe is currently a member of the staff at the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research (WISER) at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, and also has an annual visiting appointment at the Franklin Humanities Institute at Duke University.

He is a contributing editor to the scholarly journal "Public Culture".

His main research topics are African history, Postcolonial Studies and politics and social science.

Mbembe’s most important works are: "Les jeunes et l’ordre politique en Afrique noire" (1985); "La naissance du maquis dans le Sud-Cameroun (1920–1960)"; "Histoire des usages de la raison en colonie" (1996); "De la postcolonie. Essai sur l’imagination politique dans l’Afrique contemporaine" ("On the Postcolony") (2000); "Sortir de la grande nuit: Essai sur l'Afrique décolonisée" (2003); "Critique de la raison nègre" (2013).

Mbembe interprets Africa not as a defined, isolated place but as a strange relation between itself and the rest of the world which plays out simultaneously on political, psychic, semiotic, and sexual levels. He argues that the colonial powers dictated how some people may live and how some must die. He uses the examples of Palestine and South Africa to show how the power of sovereignty now serves the creation of zones of death where death becomes the ultimate exercise of domination and the primary form of resistance.


Achille Mbembe is married to Sarah Nuttall, who is Professor of Literary and Cultural Studies and Director of the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg. They have written several texts together and have two children.




Kurt Blanke

Kurt Blanke (18 November 1900 in Emden – 28 February 1997 in Celle) was a German lawyer and politician. From 1964 to 1973, he was mayor of the city of Celle in Lower Saxony. He was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

During World War II, he had a part in "Aryanization" in occupied France: shutting down Jewish businesses and giving the businesses to Aryans.

Johanna Bassani

Johanna Bassani (25 April 2002 – 5 May 2020) was an Austrian combined Nordic skier and ski jumper.

She began her career with the team UVB Hinzenbach, winning the championship in her Austrian hometown of Attnang-Puchheim at the age of twelve.

In her debut at the Summer Grand Prix in 2019, Bassani finished 18th. In October 2019, she won the silver medal at the Austrian national Nordic combined championships. Afterwards, she focused on the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne with Nordic combined.

After finishing eighth in the Gundersen individual event, Bassani competed with the Austrian Nordic combined team, winning the silver medal. She then finished 11th at the 2020 Nordic Combined Continental Cup in Eisenerz.

She was named to the Austrian national team for the 2020 Nordic Junior World Ski Championships in Oberwiesenthal.

Bassani died on 5 May 2020 at the age of 18.

Albert Memmi

Albert Memmi (; December 15, 1920 – May 22, 2020) was a Tunisian-born French writer, sociologist and essayist. He was born in Tunis. 

Memmi's well-known first novel, "La statue de sel" (translated as "The Pillar of Salt"), was published in 1953. It had an introduction written by Albert Camus and was awarded the Fénéon Prize in 1954. His other novels include "Agar" (translated as "Strangers"), "Le Scorpion" ("The Scorpion"), and "Le Desert" ("The Desert").

Memmi's related sociological works include "Dominated Man", "Dependence", and "Racism".

He died on May 22, 2020 in Paris at the age of 99.

Deborah Birx

Deborah Leah Birx (born April 4, 1956) is an American physician and diplomat. She was the United States Global AIDS Coordinator for Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump from 2014 to 2021. She was best known as the Coronavirus Response Coordinator for the White House Coronavirus Task Force during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States for Trump's presidency.

Remington, Indiana

Remington is a town in Carpenter Township, Jasper County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,356 at the 2020 census.

Carpenter Township, Jasper County, Indiana

Carpenter Township is one of thirteen townships in Jasper County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 1,925 and it contained 838 housing units.

White House Coronavirus Task Force

The White House Coronavirus Task Force was a United States Department of State task force that focuses on the spread and limiting of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The task force was created on January 29, 2020. 

On February 26, 2020, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was named to chair the task force, and Deborah Birx was named the response coordinator. Other members have been added since the initial appointments.

Robert R. Redfield

Robert Ray Redfield Jr. (born July 10, 1951) is an American virologist. He was the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry from March 2018 until January 2021.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kyrgyzstan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Kyrgyzstan in March 2020.

On 18 March 2020, the first three cases in the country were confirmed, after a citizen returned from Saudi Arabia. The health ministry also confirmed that all three suspected COVID-19 carriers are currently in quarantine. On the same day, the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan ruled that medical face masks to be imported into the country.

The government declared a one-month state of emergency starting 22 March. On the same day, all public transportation stopped operating in Bishkek, with exception of trolleybuses.

On 24 March, the government issued a decree declaring the state of emergency from 25 March till 15 April in three major cities of Bishkek, Osh and Jalal-Abad, while local emergencies were declared in three provincial districts.

COVID-19 pandemic in Tajikistan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Tajikistan when its index cases, in Dushanbe and Khujand, were confirmed on 30 April 2020.

On February 10, a Somon Air charter flight flew to Wuhan, Hubei, China to evacuate the fifty-four citizens of Tajikistan in the city. The flight carried humanitarian cargo including medical supplies from Tajikistan to Wuhan. 

On February 13, 13,000 copies of WHO guidelines and recommendations to stop the risk of coronavirus infection were printed and given to Tajik citizens. At the time, more than 900 citizens who arrived in Tajikistan from China were being supervised by doctors in Tajikistan's hospitals. No cases of coronavirus were reported. 

On February 21, President Emomali Rahmon received a message from Chinese President Xi Jinping thanking Rahmon for his support in connection with the coronavirus outbreak. 

On April 2, 6,272 people who arrived in Tajikistan from foreign countries after February 1 had been put in quarantine, and 2,359 had already been discharged, leaving 3,913 still in quarantine. No cases of coronavirus were confirmed in the country.

On 1 May, there were 32 confirmed cases, of which 17 are in Dushanbe, 5 in cities and districts of republican subordination, and 10 in Sughd Region.

On 2 May, there were 76 confirmed cases and two deaths. All people were required to wear face masks when they leave their house.

On 3 May, the number of cases went up to 128. The mayor of Dushanbe said that they would build temporary hospitals to treat 3,000 people.

On 6 May, the Tajikistan Football Federation extended the suspension of football until further notice.

Richard Anuszkiewicz

Richard Anuszkiewicz (; May 23, 1930 – May 19, 2020) was an American painter, printmaker, and sculptor. He was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He was one of the founders and expert of Op Art, a movement during the late 1960s and early 1970s. He was elected into the National Academy of Design in 1992 as an Associate member, and became a full member in 1994.

Anuszkiewicz died on May 19, 2020 at his home in Englewood, New Jersey at the age of 89.


Pâlis

Pâlis is a former commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis.

Villemaur-sur-Vanne

Villemaur-sur-Vanne is a former commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis.

Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis

Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis is a commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aix-en-Othe (the seat), Villemaur-sur-Vanne and Pâlis.

Villegailhenc

Villegailhenc is a commune of 1,735 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villegly

Villegly is a commune of 1,134 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villelongue-d'Aude

Villelongue-d'Aude is a commune of 305 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-la-Comptal

Villeneuve-la-Comptal is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-lès-Montréal

Villeneuve-lès-Montréal is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-Minervois

Villeneuve-Minervois is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villepinte, Aude

Villepinte is a commune of 1,303 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villerouge-Termenès

Villerouge-Termenès is a commune of 147 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villesèque-des-Corbières

Villesèque-des-Corbières is a commune of 374 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villesèquelande

Villesèquelande is a commune of 896 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It is near Carcassonne.

Villesiscle

Villesiscle is a commune of 383 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villespy

Villespy is a commune of 373 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villetritouls

Villetritouls is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Antifreeze

Antifreeze is a liquid that lowers the freezing point of water. It is used to stop ice from growing on a surface, like a windshield. It is also used inside pipes of a car's radiator. As the temperature outside changes from hot to cold coolant is pumped throughout the engine block to maintain an even operating temperature. Antifreeze does more than just regulate temperature, however. Maintaining proper fluid levels also helps to prevent corrosion.

Engine coolant is mixed with water, usually at a 50/50 ratio, and poured into the proper reservoir in your engine. The chemical ethylene glycol is used as a base to create a liquid that is pumped through your car’s engine to regulate and maintain an optimal operating temperature during extreme hot or cold weather conditions.

Vinassan

Vinassan is a commune of 2,646 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ethylene oxide

Ethylene oxide, called oxirane by IUPAC, is an organic compound with the chemical formula .

Amsterdam-Churchill, Montana

Amsterdam-Churchill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montana in the United States.

Ulm, Montana

Ulm is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montana in the United States.

Ethylene glycol

Ethylene glycol (IUPAC name: ethane-1,2-diol) is an organic compound with the chemical formula 2. It is used to make polyester and to make antifreeze.

Hancock County, Georgia

Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 8,735 people lived there. The county seat is Sparta.

Autoxidation

Autoxidation is any oxidation that happens with oxygen. The word is usually used when organic compounds corrode in air, like when iron corrodes into iron oxide (rust).

Good Morning Britain

Good Morning Britain (often abbreviated to GMB) is a British breakfast programme. It is live every weekday usually on British television network ITV1 from 6:00 am to 9:00 am (formerly 8:30am). The show launched on 28 April 2014 after "Daybreak" was permanently postponed.

The current main anchors are Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard with Charlotte Hawkins, Ranvir Singh and Sean Fletcher as newsreaders. Piers Morgan presented the show from May 2015 to March 2021 due to a heated argument with the weather presenter Alex Beresford on his critics to Meghan Markle. Ofcom confirmed his actions in front of on-air team members and his critics was very disruptive. Kate Garraway was also an anchor and a newsreader from 2014 to 2022 on seperate days, The show aired until 10:00am, hosted by Lorraine Kelly after Lorraine was temporarily postponed due to the Coronavirus pandemic. On Monday 13 July 2020, the "Lorraine" programme returned, meaning "Good Morning Britain" went back to its original air time of 6:00am to 9:00am.

On 10 September and 11 September 2022, "Good Morning Britain" aired a special episode about the death and life of Her Sovereign Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.

Decatur County, Georgia

Decatur County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 29,367 people lived there. The county seat is Bainbridge.

Dodge County, Georgia

Dodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 19,925 people lived there. The county seat is Eastman.

Norwalk, Ohio

Norwalk is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Huron County.

Mount Vernon, Ohio

Mount Vernon is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Knox County.

Hemphill, Texas

Hemphill is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Sabine County.

Milam, Texas

Milam is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Smoky (1966 movie)

Smoky is a 1966 American western movie directed by George Sherman. It is the third adaptation of the 1926 novel "Smoky the Cowhorse" by Will James. It stars Fess Parker, Diana Hyland, Hoyt Axton, Katy Jurado, Roy Jenson, Chuck Robertson, Robert J. Wilke and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Rasputin, the Mad Monk

Rasputin, the Mad Monk is a 1966 British Hammer horror movie directed by Don Sharp and stars Christopher Lee, Barbara Shelley, Francis Matthews, Richard Pasco, Suzan Farmer, Brian Wilde, Joss Ackland, Bryan Marshall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

White Rose (movie)

White Rose () is a 1919 Hungarian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1853 novel by Mór Jókai. It stars María Corda, Gyula Bartos, Emil Fenyvessy, Helene von Bolvary.

The Shining

"The Shining" may mean:

The Shining (novel)

The Shining is a 1977 horror novel by American writer Stephen King. It was King's third published novel and first bestseller. The book was adapted into a movie by Stanley Kubrick in 1980, which was very successful as well.

The War Between Men and Women

The War Between Men and Women is a 1972 American comedy–drama movie directed by Melville Shavelson and stars Jack Lemmon, Barbara Harris, Jason Robards, Herb Edelman, Lisa Gerritsen, Moosie Drier, Severn Darden, Joyce Brothers. It was distributed by National General Pictures.


Russian architecture

Russian architecture is the name of the Architecture style of Russia from the early Russian wooden architecture period until the Stalinist Architecture period. from the "Pre-Christian" until the "Kievan Rus Christian" period most of the structures was made of wood and after than the structures was made out of stones. 


Ave Caesar!

Ave Caesar! is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and stars Oscar Beregi Sr., María Corba, Gábor Rajnay.

The Duped Journalist

The Duped Journalist is a 1914 Hungarian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gyula Gózon, Gyula Szőreghy, Gyula Zilahi.

Tutyu and Totyo

Tutyu and Totyo () is a 1915 Hungarian silent movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gusztáv Vándory.

Apu Biswas

Apu Biswas (born 11 October 1989) is a Bangladeshi movie actress, model and former wife of Shakib Khan. Biswas made her debut in the movie industry with the movie "Kal Shokale" in 2006. She then performed in Koti Takar Kabin'.

Apu was born on 11 October 1989 as Abonti Biswas in Bogra district of Bangladesh to Upendronath Bishwas and Shefali Bishwas.

Biswas made her debut in the movie industry with the movie "Kal Shokale" in 2006. She then performed in "Koti Takar Kabin". Biswas played the role of Parvati in the 2013 Bangladeshi remake of "Devdas". She performed in the 2013 movie "My Name Is Khan". Mostly she was work with Shakib khan.

In 2008, Biswas married actor Shakib Khan. The couple has one son, named Abraham Khan Joy, who was born on 27 September 2016 in Kolkata. The news of marriage and child was kept secret from the public until 10 April 2017, when Apu appeared on television with her son and revealed the relationship. The couple divorced on 22 February 2018.

Number 111

Number 111 is a 1919 Hungarian thriller movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel by Jenő Heltai. It stars Gábor Rajnay, María Corda, Gyula Bartos and was distributed by Corvin Film.

Broadway Danny Rose

Broadway Danny Rose is a 1984 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Mia Farrow, Nick Apollo Forte, Danny Aiello, Gloria Parker. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1985.

Willie &amp; Phil

Willie & Phil is a 1980 American comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Michael Ontkean, Margot Kidder, Ray Sharkey, Jan Miner, Kathleen Maguire, Jerry Hall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Xanadu (movie)

Xanadu is a 1980 American musical fantasy movie directed by Robert Greenwald and starring Olivia Newton-John, Gene Kelly, Michael Beck, Matt Lattanzi, Jo Ann Harris. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was a box office failure.

The Young Master

The Young Master () is a 1980 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Jackie Chan (who also stars) and starring Yuen Biao, Tien Feng, Fung Fung, Lee Hoi-sang, Hwang In-Shik. It was distributed by Golden Harvest.


Asafpur

Asafpur is a block in Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. There are 62 villages under Asafpur block. According to 2011 Census of India, total number of houses in Asafpur is 28,395 and total population is 1,73,601 out of 92,682 are males and are 80,919 females.

Balbir Singh Sr.

Balbir Singh Dosanjh (31 December 1923 – 25 May 2020) was an Indian hockey player and coach. He was a three-time Olympic gold champion after participating in India's wins in London (1948), Helsinki (1952) (as Vice Captain), and Melbourne (1956) (as Captain) Olympics. He was seen as one of the greatest hockey players of all time. He was born in Punjab, British India.

Singh Sr. died on 25 May 2020 of bronchopneumonia-related problems at the age of 96.

Tatjana Lematschko

Tatjana Lematschko (16 March 1948 – 17 May 2020) was a Russian-born Swiss chess player. Lematschko was born in Moscow.

She won both the Women's Bulgarian Chess Championship and Swiss Chess Championship several times. She competed for the world championship such as in the Women's World Chess Championship 1999. At the 27th Chess Olympiad, she won a medal for the best performance on no. 1 board.

Lematschko died in Zurich on 17 May 2020, aged 72.


The Prince and the Pauper (1920 movie)

The Prince and the Pauper (German: Prinz und Bettelknabe) is a 1920 Austrian adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1881 novel of the same name by Mark Twain. It stars Tibor Lubinszky, Franz Herterich, Albert Schreiber, Adolf Weisse and was distributed by UFA.

A Vanished World

A Vanished World is a 1922 Austrian adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel by Lajos Bíró. It stars Alberto Capozzi, Victor Varconi, María Corda, Tibor Lubinszky, Gyula Szőreghy.

A Place in the World

A Place in the World () is a 1992 Argentine Chilean Spanish Uruguayan movie directed by Adolfo Aristarain and stars José Sacristán, Federico Luppi, Leonor Benedetto, Cecilia Roth, Rodolfo Ranni. It was distributed by Transmundo Films.


Lee Han-dong

Lee Han-dong (December 5, 1934 – May 8, 2021) was a South Korean politician. He was from May 2000 to July 2002 the 33th Prime Minister of South Korea.

Lee died on May 8, 2021 in Pocheon, South Korea at the age of 86.

Han Seung-soo

Han Seung-soo (born 28 December 1936) is a South Korean politician. He was Prime Minister of South Korea from 29 February 2008 to 28 September 2009, and was the President of the 56th session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, in 2001 and 2002.

In 2004, he was honored as an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) by Queen Elizabeth II.

Ro Jai-bong

Ro Jai-bong (born February 8, 1936) is a South Korean politician. From December 1990 to May 1991, he was the 22th Prime Minister of South Korea. He was born in Changwon, South Gyeongsang Province.

Jimmy Cobb

Wilbur James Cobb (January 20, 1929 – May 24, 2020) was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Washington, D.C.. 

Some of Cobb's most famous work was on Miles Davis's "Kind of Blue" (1959). Cobb was the last surviving player from the session. 

He also played on other Davis albums, including "Sketches of Spain", "Someday My Prince Will Come", "Miles Davis at Carnegie Hall", "In Person Friday and Saturday Nights at the Blackhawk, Complete", and briefly on "Porgy and Bess" and "Sorcerer".

Cobb died on May 24, 2020 in New York City of lung cancer at the age of 91.


Fearless Hyena

Fearless Hyena is a 1979 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by first time director Jackie Chan (who also stars) and stars James Tien, Dean Shek, Lee Kwan, Eagle Han-ying. It was distributed by Lung Cheung Company Limited.


Off Beat

Off Beat is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Michael Dinner and stars Judge Reinhold, Meg Tilly, John Turturro, Clevant Derricks, Harvey Keitel, Joe Mantegna, Anthony Zerbe, Chris Noth, Mike Starr. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Every Time We Say Goodbye (movie)

Every Time We Say Goodbye is a 1986 American Israeli drama movie directed by Moshé Mizrahi and starring Tom Hanks, Cristina Marsillach, Benedict Taylor, Anat Atzmon, Gila Almagor, Alon Aboutboul. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures and was a box office bomb.

Matrix analysis

Matrix analysis is a subfield of linear algebra. It focuses on analytical properties of matrices.
In this subject, vector norms and matrix norms are introduced. The goal of this area is deepen understanding to matrix eigenvalues and system of linear equations. This leads to discussions in numerical linear algebra.
The following topics are studied in the context of matrix analysis:

Functional analysis usually discusses mathematical operators in infinite dimension Hilbert spaces. But difficulty remains even discussion is limited to matrices (which is a finite dimension mathematical operator). This is because difficulty comes not only from infinite dimension but also non-commutativity. And matrices are good examples of non-commutative mathematical operators (In other words, you cannot change the order of matrix multiplication). Matrix analysis is trying to overcome problems caused by non-commutativity.
The following results are known as remarkable achievements in this area:
The following journals include articles about matrix analysis:


The Price of Betrayal

The Price of Betrayal () is a 1915 Swedish drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström and starring Gabriel Alw, Stina Berg, Egil Eide.

A Ruined Life

A Ruined Life () is a 1912 Swedish short movie directed by first time director Victor Sjöström and stars Hilda Borgström, Richard Lund, John Ekman.

The Outlaw and His Wife

The Outlaw and His Wife () is a 1918 Swedish Icelandic drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and based on the 1911 play by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It stars John Ekman, Edith Erastoff, Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson.

Jack Grealish

Jack Peter Grealish (born 10 September 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Manchester City and the English national team.

Aston Villa

Manchester City

England U21

England

Individual

1987 World Snooker Championship

The 1987 World Snooker Championship was a snooker event that took place between 18 April and 4 May 1987. It was played at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England.

Defending champion Joe Johnson made it to the final again. He played Steve Davis, a repeat of the 1986 final. However, Johnson did not win, as he fell to the Crucible curse and lost 14–18 to Davis. It was Davis' fourth world title. The event was sponsored by cigarette maker Embassy.

Shown below are the results for the tournament. The numbers in brackets denote players seedings, whilst players in bold are match winners.
There were 18 century breaks at the championship. The highest of which being a 127 made by Steve Davis. This break was the lowest highest break recorded since the event moved to the Crucible Theatre. A 132 made by Dene O'Kane was the highest break of the qualifying stages.

1985 World Snooker Championship

The 1985 World Snooker Championship was a snooker tournament. It took place from 12 to 28 April 1985 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The event was run by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA). It was the ninth World Snooker Championship to be held at the Crucible, the first taking place in 1977. A five-round qualifying event was held at the Preston Guild Hall. The event was shown on TV in the United Kingdom by the BBC. There was £250,000 to be won. It was the highest amount for any snooker tournament to that date; the winner received £60,000.

The defending champion was Steve Davis, who had won the event three times. Davis met Northern Irishman Dennis Taylor in the final which was a best-of-35-frames (first to 18) match. Davis took an early 8–0 lead, but Taylor drew level at 17–17. The final frame was played over the final black ball - the player able to pot the ball winning the event. After both players missed, Taylor potted the black to win.. The match, often called the "black ball final", is the best-known match in the history of the sport..

Canadian Bill Werbeniuk made the event's highest break, a 143, in his first-round match. There were 14 century breaks made, with 10 more in qualifying matches. This was the first professional snooker event to have a ban on drugs. All players in the main stage having to undertake tests. The final between Davis and Taylor holds the record for the most-viewed show in the United Kingdom of a programme shown after midnight. t had a peak of 18.5 million viewers for the match's final frame, breaking the existing records for the most-viewed sporting event and BBC2 programme.

The results for each round of the main stage of the championship are shown below. The numbers in parentheses beside some of the players are their seeding ranks (each championship has 16 seeds and 16 qualifiers).
There were 14 century breaks in the championship. Bill Werbeniuk's 143 against Joe Johnson in the first round was the joint third-highest break in the championship's history, tied with his break in 1979 and Willie Thorne's in 1982. Only Cliff Thorburn's maximum break in 1983 and Doug Mountjoy's 145 in 1981 were higher. Tony Knowles missed the black on a break of 137 that would have scored a 144 in his second-round match with Jimmy White.

There were ten century breaks in the qualifying stages; the highest was made by Danny Fowler in his round-of-64 10–0 whitewash of Jim Donnelly.

Deva (Hinduism)

Deva or Dev are terms used by the Hindu people for The Almighty or The GOD. Hindu people believe that there are 330 million deva or gods present in their religion.

Molly Geertsema

Willem Jacob "Molly" Geertsema (18 October 1918 - 27 June 1991) was a Dutch civil servant and politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

Geertsema was a member of the House of Representatives (parliamentary leader) and the Senate. He was also a deputy prime minister, government minister, political leader, councillor (Leiden and The Hague), mayor (Warffum and Wassenaar) and Queen's Commissioner of Gelderland.

Geertsema, who belonged to the Remonstrants, studied law at Leiden University and was also a lobbyist and LGBT rights activist.
He was born in Utrecht and died in Wassenaar at the age of 72.


Georgina Huljich

Georgina Huljich (January 30, 1974) is an Argentine-American architect and educator. She is a partner in PATTERNS, a Los Angeles-based architecture firm. She has been teaching at the Department of Architecture and Urban Design at UCLA as an associate professor since 2006. 

She received her B.Arch. from the National University of Rosario, Argentina in 1998. She later earned her Master of Architecture from the Department of Architecture and Urban Design at UCLA in 2003.

Before joining PATTERNS, Huljich had worked at the Guggenheim Museum and Dean/Wolf Architects in New York, Banchini + Spina Arquitectos in Rosario, Argentina and at Morphosis Architects in Los Angeles.
She was the Director of AUD Summer Programs at UCLA AUD from 2012 to 2016. She has been on the Executive Board at the Center for the Arts of Performance at UCLA since 2015.
She has served on national juries including the AIA Awards and the American Academy in Rome. 
She has been a visiting professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Syracuse University, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Berkeley, and Di Tella.
At the Yale University of Architecture, she was the Louis I. Kahn Visiting Assistant Professor in 2013.
Huljich co-authored PATTERNS Embedded (ACDCU, 2010) and Mute Icons and other Dichotomies of the Real in Architecture (Actar, 2020). With Marcelo Spina, she was the co-curator of the group show Matters of Sensation at Artist Space in New York (2008). 











Designs by Huljich have been displayed at locations such as The Art Institute of Chicago, The MAK Museum, The Chicago Biennial, MOCA in Los Angeles, and the Venice Biennale.


Battle of Chosin Reservoir

The Battle of Chosin Reservoir (17 November – 13 December 1950) was an important battle during the Korean War.

The United Nations Command, led by the United States, occupied North Korea, which had attacked South Korea.

The People's Republic of China entered the war after it had given several warnings to the United Nations. It attacked United Nations Command and forced its retreat.

In 1953, the Korean War ended with a stalemate. An armistice divided Korea at the 38th parallel.

North Korea invaded South Korea across the 38th parallel and occupied most of South Korea. The South Korean Army retreated to Busan.

The United Nations Command intervened, landed at Incheon, and captured Seoul. The United Nations occupied most of North Korea and approached its border with China, the Yalu River.

Chinese forces infiltrated into North Korea and hid there. Mao Zedong decided to attack the United Nations during the Second Phase Offensive.

The Korean Peninsula has a mountain range, the Taebaek Mountains, in its middle that divides the east from the west. The Chosin Reservoir was an artificial lake in hilly terrain in the northeast of the peninsula. A road connects the reservoir to the southeast to the port city of Hungnam.

Despite their victory in the battle, the Chinese lost so many troops that they would not be able to win the war. Also, the United Nations learned lessons from the defeat and no longer had the effect of surprise.

Operation Glory occurred in 1954 to make permanent graveyards for those who had died during the battle.

Elbow bump

Elbow bumping is a type of greeting where two people lightly touch their elbows together. It is believed that it is less likely to spread germs between two people than a handshake is.

Ladislao De Gauss

Ladislao De Gauss (6 July 1901 – 2 February 1970) was a Croatian painter and illustrator. His work was in the avant-garde style.

De Gauss was born in Budapest. He came from a noble family in Rijeka, a city in what is now in Croatia. After studying classics in Rijeka, he went to the Academy of Fine Arts in Budapest. He graduated from the academy with an official qualification as a drawing teacher. He then returned to Rijeka to live and work. In 1928 he was one of the founders of a group of avant-garde painters in the city. In 1945 he moved to the Italian city of Trieste. He died there at the age of 69.

There are works by De Gauss in the Revoltella Museum in Trieste and the National Gallery of Art in Rijeka. There is also a mosaic and a small religious painting in a church at the town of Kozala in Croatia.


Hagar in the Desert (Pittoni)

Hagar in the Desert (also known as Agar confortata da un angelo nel deserto or Agar comforted by an angel in the desert) is a 18th-century painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720-1725, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the sacristy of Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari in Venice.

Hagar, Sarah's Egyptian maiden, was the mother of Ishmael, the first son of Abraham. When Isaac, Sarah's son, made fun of his younger brother Ishmael, Sarah asked Abraham to ban him, along with his mother. Before sending them away, Abraham gave him bread and a bottle of water and sent them to the desert of Beersheba.
When the water ran out, Hagar placed Ishmael under a bush to die and then sat a little far away, crying. But an angel appeared, traditionally the archangel Michael, who revealed to him a nearby water well, so that both were saved. Two scenes, the exile and the appearance of the angel are common in Italian and Dutch 17th century painting.


Susanna and the Elders (Pittoni)

Susanna and the Elders (also known as Susanna e i Vecchioni) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

It is a compositional drawing in black chalk that depicts the history of Old Testament of Susanna, here portrayed on the right in nudity, surprised during the bath by two elderly people, whose figures are summarily portrayed.

Pittoni initially sketched the general composition quickly and lightly, then elaborated the contours of the male figures with much greater hand pressure to give the tonal emphasis.
It is a work with the typical Rococo sensitivity of Pittoni, in which the composition seems to have been made for a painting, and seems to be closely related to the work of a sketch present in the Correr Civic Museum of Venice (inv. 4338) and in the Foundation Cini of Venice (inv. 30,252). The back of the work contains some accidental scribbles in black and red chalk (an upward motif seems to represent architectural forms), which do not seem to be the artist's. The annotation of the back in black plaster "79" is of an 18th century hand, while the annotation of the graphite verso "14 [?]. 39.8 / 1" is of a modern hand. (Carmen C. Bambach, 2005).



Hans-Dietrich Ernst

Hans-Dietrich Ernst (born November 3, 1908 Opole - March 1991 ) was a German lawyer, SS squad leader and Sicherheitsdienst (SD) lawyer.
He was a commander of the security police and SD (KdS) in German-occupied France during the World War II. He was responsible for the deportation of Jews.

He studied law.
After the National Socialists seized power , he joined the party. 
After completing his studies, he worked in Hamburg and Berlin.
After Austria's annexation in 1939, he worked in the office of the "Reich Commissioner for the Reunification of Austria with the German Empire". 
He was appointed government councilor in 1940, in Hamburg.
He became deputy of the district administrator in Tegel in the Karlovy Vary region. 
He was promoted to Senior Government.

He worked in German-occupied France as a war administration officer in Dux. 
In 1941 in Bordeaux, he was a consultant for police matters. 
In early June 1942, he was commander of the security police and SD (KdS) in Angers.
Under his command, a transport of Jews from Angers to Auschwitz-Birkenau, began on 20 July 1942 .
He left Angers in August 1944, as the Allies advanced. From September to November 1944, he was in the Vosges department.

After the war, Ernst was interned by United States forces, but he escaped. 
He went into hiding in Leipzig, but was arrested by the Soviet occupying forces.
He was sentenced to twenty years of forced labor. 
From 1947 to 1956, he was imprisoned in the Vorkuta Gulag. labor camp.
He moved to Leer in early 1956 and received a fine of 5,520 DM. 
He was warned not to travel to France. 
He could not return to the public service. 
From 1958 he was admitted to the bar in Leer, and from 1964 was a notary. In 1962, the CIA searched for him as a person of interest.

Urchin barren

Urchin barrens are places in the ocean where sea urchins have eaten and killed so many kelp plants that they turned a kelp forest into something like a desert. This happens when there are too many sea urchins. The fish, krill and other animals that live in the kelp either die or leave. Urchin barrens occur in coastal areas of the Pacific Ocean.

Urchin barrens had been forming for a long time, but in the second half of the 2010s, there were suddenly many more.

People first noticed urchin barrens in the 1800s when the sea otters were hunted for their fur. People killed so many sea otters that they almost went extinct. Sea otters like to eat sea urchins, so without sea otters to eat them, there were many, many sea urchins.

Warm ocean currents also affect sea urchin populations. In some places, kelp forests turn into urchin barrens and then grow back depending on the currents that year.
Starfish also eat sea urchins. The sunflower starfish is the only animal that regularly eats the purple sea urchin. Even sea otters like red sea urchins more than they like purple sea urchins. When a disease in 2013 killed most of the starfish on the Pacific coast, there were many more purple sea urchins left. One study showed that the number of purple sea urchins in one reef off the coast of Oregon increased 10,000% in the five years between 2014 and 2019. They either ate or crowded out the red abalone and red sea urchins that humans like to eat. The abalone fishery in California closed in 2018, a loss of US$44 million per year.

When purple sea urchins run out of food, they try to eat each other, and then they become dormant, as if sleeping. They do not try to reproduce, so their gonads shrink. Because the gonads are the part of the urchin that humans like to eat, dormant purple sea urchins cannot be caught and sold for food.

Scientists said the warmer water in the early 2010s weakened the bull kelp. In 2016, a mass of warm water nicknamed the "Blob" kept the coast of California very warm. The warm water also made it easier for the sea urchins to reproduce, so they had many more young than usual.

A study showed that 90% of the bull kelp off the coast of California had been killed in the late 2010s.

Scientists performed tank and ocean experiments on other animals, such as lobsters, to see if they would eat enough purple sea urchins to help the kelp forests grow back, but they only helped a little.

In places where sea otters have returned, like Juan de Fuca Strait, they ate enough sea urchins that the kelp forests grew back.

Some companies hired red abalone divers to collect purple sea urchins and bring them to controlled sea ranches where they could be fed until they were healthy enough to sell for human use.

1994 Cobo Arena attack

At around 2:35 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on January 6, 1994, American figure skater Nancy Kerrigan was hit on the lower right thigh with a baton at the Cobo Arena in Detroit, Michigan. She had just finished practising on an ice rink in the arena. Shane Stant did the attack with his uncle Derrick Smith. Smith was the getaway driver. They were both paid by Jeff Gillooly and Shawn Eckardt to injure Kerrigan so that she could not take part in the 1994 U.S. Figure Skating championships and 1994 Winter Olympics. Jeff Gillooly was the ex-husband of Nancy Kerrigan's rival in figure skating at the time, Tonya Harding. Some people think Harding was also involved in the attack. Gillooly and Eckdardt both said that Tonya Harding knew about the attack, but Harding said that she didn't know about it.

Kerrigan could not take part in the rest of the U.S. Championships because of the attack. She healed in time to take part in the Winter Olympics and got a silver medal. Harding took part in both the U.S. Championships and the Winter Olympics. Tonya Harding was banned for life from USFSA figure skating events. Harding had won the U.S. Championships, but had this taken away from her afterwards.

Nancy Kerrigan was an American figure skater. In January 1994, she was about to take part in the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Detroit. Her main rival in that tournament was Tonya Harding. The attack happened a few days before the tournament. It caused to Kerrigan to not be able to take part. The Winter Olympics were also going to take place in February. Kerrigan and Harding were the two female figure skaters from the United States in the Olympics. The attack helped Harding as it made it easier for her to win the U.S. Championships. It also could have helped her if it had stopped Kerrigan from taking part in the Olympics.

Marcelino Campanal

Marcelino Gonzalez Vaquero River (13 February 1932 – 25 May 2020) was a Spanish footballer. He played defense for Real Avilés CF from 1947 to 1969. He also played for the national team eleven times during his career. Campanal was born in Gijón, Spain.

Campanal died on 25 May 2020 at a hospital in Avilés, Spain at the age of 88.

Avilés

Avilés () is a city in Asturias, Spain. Avilés is with Oviedo and Gijón, one of the main towns in the Principality of Asturias.

Spike Cohen

Jeremy "Spike" Cohen (born June 28, 1982) is an American activist, businessman, and podcaster. He was the Libertarian Party's nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2020 election.

Cohen ran with Vermin Supreme for President and Vice President in the 2020 Libertarian Presidential primaries, and was actively involved in campaigning.

In 2020 Supreme lost the primary to Jo Jorgensen, but Cohen decided to still compete for the vice-presidential Libertarian nomination. He won the vice presidential nomination.

Jo Jorgensen 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Jo Jorgensen is an election campaign that began on November 2, 2019 at the Libertarian Party of South Carolina convention. Jorgensen was the Libertarian Party's 1996 vice presidential nominee.

On May 23, at the virtual 2020 Libertarian National Convention, Jorgensen became the party's 2020 presidential nominee after four rounds of voting by delegates. She is the party's first female presidential nominee.

Vermin Supreme's original running mate, Spike Cohen, was selected at the virtual convention to be Jorgensen's running mate on May 24, 2020.

Jorgensen has received endorsements from many former Libertarian candidates in the 2020 race, including Lincoln Chafee, Justin Amash, Adam Kokesh, Jacob Hornberger and Vermin Supreme. On May 25, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson endorsed her.


John Eden, Baron Eden of Winton

John Benedict Eden, Baron Eden of Winton, (15 September 1925 – 23 May 2020) was a British Conservative politician. He was the Member of Parliament for Bournemouth West from 1954 to 1983. From 1983 to 2015, he was a member of the House of Lords.

Eden died on 23 May 2020 at the age of 94.

Frostburg, Maryland

Frostburg is a city in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. The population was 7,027 at the 2020 census. It is located west of Cumberland.

Pikesville, Maryland

Pikesville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. Pikesville is just northwest of the Baltimore city limits. It is the northwestern suburb closest to Baltimore.

The population was 34,168 at the 2020 census.

Holcomb, Missouri

Holcomb is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 642 at the 2020 census.

Kolya

Kolya () is a 1996 Czech drama movie directed by Jan Svěrák and starring Zdeněk Svěrák, Andrey Khalimon, Libuše Šafránková, Stella Zázvorková. It was distributed by Miramax and won an Academy Award in 1997.


Nadejda Brânzan

Nadejda Brânzan (29 August 1948 – 25 May 2020) was a Moldovan politician and physician. He was a member of Parliament from 1990 to 1994. He was a member of the Popular Front of Moldova.

Brânzan died on 25 May 2020 at the age of 71.


Marv Luster

Marvin Luster (November 27, 1937 – May 25, 2020) was an American professional football player. Luster was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for fourteen years. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins. 

Luster was selected originally by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1960 NFL Draft. He played as a defensive back for the Toronto Argonauts and Montreal Alouettes. He won the 1974 Grey Cup. He was a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame. 

In November, 2006, he was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#35) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN. 

Luster died in Atlanta, Georgia on May 25, 2020 at the age of 82.

Vadão

Oswaldo Fumeiro Alvarez (21 August 1956 – 25 May 2020), more commonly known as Vadão, was a Brazilian football manager. He was head coach for the Brazil women's national football team. He was fired after the team lost the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in the 16th round.

Vadão died on 25 May 2020 from liver cancer in São Paulo, aged 63.


Caravan (newspaper)

Caravan (Russian and Kazahk: Караван) is a Kazakhstani Russian-language newspaper published in Almaty. It is a weekly paper. "Caravan" was founded in 1991. It focuses on the social, political and economic life of Kazakhstan. The circulation is 225,000 copies. The newspaper has won several prizes.

Kaul

Kaul (also spelled Koul; ) is the caste used by most of the Kashmiri Pandits in India. They are Brahmins who come from Kashmir. After the protest in 1991 from Muslims, all Kashmiri Pandits forcefully left their houses.

Some famous Kashmiri Pandits are:-


Julian Edelman

Julian Francis Edelman (born May 22, 1986) is an American football wide receiver and punt returner for the New England Patriots playing in the National Football League (NFL). 

He played college football at Kent State and the College of San Mateo as a quarterback. He was drafted by the Patriots in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Edelman mostly plays on offense and as a punt returner; he has also been used at cornerback at times when the Patriots have been shorthanded on defense.

Lucia Mee

Lucia Quinney Mee BEM (28 May 1999 – 24 May 2020) was a Northern Irish campaigner for organ donation, having had four liver transplants herself, the first at the age of eight. She took part in the 2016 Transplant Games. She started the Live Loudly Donate Proudly campaign.


Pankaj Jaiswal

Pankaj Jaiswal (born 15 June 1992) is an Indian film producer, and owner of Next Entertainment. He has produced films including "Ammaa Ki Boli", "Saare Jahan Se Acha" and "Naa Hausla Harenge Hum".

Jaiswal graduated from Somaiya college. In 2013, he started his career with the television serial "Naa Hausla Harenge Hum" on Doordarshan. He also produced the web series "Saare Jahan Se Acha" with Prakash Jha as a host. In 2019 He made his debut as a film producer with "Ammaa Ki Boli".

Manna (actor)

Full Name : SM Aslam Talukder (14 April 1964 – 17 February 2008), known by his stage name Manna, was a remarkably most successfully Bangladeshi movie actor and producer. In his 24 years career he has acted in more than three hundred movies.He is called the latest Mahanayak(great hero) & Megastar of the Dhaliwood golden generation.Dhaliwood Superstar Manna's position after the hero Raj-Razzak who has held the top position of popularity in Dhaliwood movies for a long time. He earned numerous accolades in his long career, including 1 National Film Awards, 3 Meril Prothom Alo Awards, 5 Bachsas Awards. He earned a Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Bir Soinik" (2003).

Manna was born on 14 April 1964 at Elenga in Tangail District. He acted in over 200 movies. His acting career started in 1984 after he was discovered through a talent search program by the National Film Development Corporation of Bangladesh.

Manna was the General Secretary of the "Bangladesh Film Actors Association". As the general secretary, he was active in the ongoing movement against vulgarity in the Dhallywood film industry. One of the first movies that brought him to attention was "Danga" (1992). Other commercially successful movies are "Traash", "Shanto kano mastan and" & "Amma Jaan".

Montajur Rahman Akbar's 'Shanto Keno Mastan' and ‘Ke Amar Baba’ were released in 1998 and 1999. In 1999, the movie 'Ammajan' directed by Kazi Hayat released. The movie established Manna into a permanent position in Bangla movie history as it was one of the most successful commercial movies of Bengali movie history.

On average, Manna acted in 10 movies each year. Among movies released last year, he played lead roles in commercially successful movies including "Saajghor", "Khomotar Garom", "Moner Shathey Juddho", "Machine-man", "Ulta Palta 69" and "Shotru Shotru Khela". Manna received several prestigious awards including a National Film Award for Best Actor in 2005. As an action hero, Manna acted in collaboration with action director Kazi Hayat's 20 movies and Montazur Rahman Akbar's 22 movies.

Manna died on 17 February 2008 following a heart attack at United hospital.



The video editing, color grading and dubbing studio has been renamed "Manna Digital Complex" in the digital system within the Bangladesh Film Development Corporation for his outstanding contribution to the Bangladesh film industry.

Siegfried &amp; Roy: Masters of the Impossible

Siegfried & Roy: Masters of the Impossible is an American animated television series based on Siegfried & Roy. The performers, famous for their animal acts with white tigers and lions, were recast as action-adventure heroes in the mythical land of Sarmoti.

Red Line 7000

Red Line 7000 is a 1965 American action drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring James Caan, Laura Devon, Charlene Holt, Marianna Hill, Norman Alden, George Takei, Teri Garr, Dee Hartford. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

El Dorado (1966 movie)

El Dorado is a 1966 American western movie directed by Howard Hawks and based on the 1960 novel "The Stars in Their Courses" by Harry Brown. It stars John Wayne, James Caan, Robert Mitchum, Charlene Holt, Paul Fix, Ed Asner, R. G. Armstrong, Christopher George, John Mitchum and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Bulgars

The Bulgars (also Bulghars, Bulgari, Bolgars, Bolghars, Bolgari, Proto-Bulgarians) were Turkic semi-nomadic warrior tribes that flourished in the Pontic–Caspian steppe and the Volga region during the 7th century. They became known as nomadic equestrians in the Volga-Ural region, but some researchers say that their ethnic roots can be traced to Central Asia. During their westward migration across the Eurasian steppe, the Bulgar tribes absorbed other ethnic groups and cultural influences in a process of ethnogenesis, including Indo-European, Finno-Ugric and Hunnic tribes. Modern genetic research on Central Asian Turkic people and ethnic groups related to the Bulgars points to an affiliation with Western Eurasian populations. The Bulgars spoke a Turkic language, i.e. Bulgar language of Oghuric branch. They preserved the military titles, organization and customs of Eurasian steppes, as well as pagan shamanism and belief in the sky deity Tangra.

Lorna (movie)

Lorna is a 1964 American comedy drama movie directed by Russ Meyer and starring Lorna Maitland, James Rucker. It was distributed by Eve Productions Inc..


Back Door to Hell

Back Door to Hell is a 1964 American Filipino World War II movie directed by Monte Hellman and stars Jack Nicholson, Jimmie Rodgers, Annabelle Huggins, John Hackett. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Flight to Fury

Flight to Fury is a 1964 American Filipino adventure drama movie directed by Monte Hellman and Eddie Romero and starring Dewey Martin, Jack Nicholson, Fay Spain, Joseph Estrada, Vic Díaz.


Dear Brigitte

Dear Brigitte is a 1965 American family comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and based on the 1963 novel "Erasmus With Freckles" by John Haase. It stars James Stewart, Fabian Forte, Glynis Johns, Cindy Carol, Ed Wynn, Brigitte Bardot, Bill Mumy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Cavern (1964 movie)

The Cavern (, , also known as Helden - Himmel und Hölle) is a 1964 Italian German American World War II drama movie directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring John Saxon, Rosanna Schiaffino, Brian Aherne, Larry Hagman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Patch of Blue

A Patch of Blue is a 1965 American drama movie directed by Guy Green and based on the 1961 novel "Be Ready with Bells and Drums" by Elizabeth Kara. It stars Sidney Poitier, Shelley Winters, Elizabeth Hartman, Wallace Ford, Ivan Dixon, John Qualen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1966.


Z (1969 movie)

Z is a 1969 Algerian French thriller movie directed by Costa-Gavras and based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Vassillis Vassilikos. It stars Jean-Louis Trintignant, Yves Montand, Irene Papas, Jacques Perrin, Charles Denner, Georges Géret, Bernard Fresson, Gérard Darrieu and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1970.

Young Billy Young

Young Billy Young is a 1969 American western movie directed by Burt Kennedy and based on the novel by Heck Allen. It stars Robert Mitchum, Angie Dickinson, Robert Walker, David Carradine, Jack Kelly, Paul Fix, Deana Martin and was distributed by United Artists.


Masters of the Sea

Masters of the Sea (German: Herren der Meere) is a 1922 Austrian silent adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel "The Pirates" by Ernest Vajda. It stars Victor Varconi, María Corda, Dylan Vanas, Tibor Lubinszky, Gyula Szőreghy and distributed by Sascha-Film. The film was released on 3 February 1922 in Austria. 

Easy Lynne (1916 movie)

East Lynne is a 1916 American drama movie directed by Bertman Bracken and based on the 1861 novel of the same name by Ellen Wood. It stars Theda Bara, Ben Deeley, Stuart Holmes, Claire Whitney, William H. Tooker and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Last Summer (1974 movie)

The Last Summer (, translit. Posledno lyato) is a 1974 Bulgarian drama movie directed by Christo Christov and starring Grigor Vachkov, Dimitar Ikonomov, Bogdan Spasov, Vesko Zehirev.

Come Drink with Me

Come Drink with Me is a 1966 Hong Kong action fantasy movie directed by King Hu and starring Cheng Pei-pei, Yueh Hua, Chan Hung-lit, Ku Feng, Jackie Chan. It was distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio.


Loss of citizenship

Loss of citizenship, also referred to as loss of nationality, is the event of ceasing to be a citizen of a country under the nationality law of that country. It is a blanket term covering both involuntary loss of citizenship, such as through denaturalization, as well as voluntary renunciation of citizenship.

Languages of Russia

There are many languages spoken in Russia. Russian, an East Slavic language is the national official language and the most common.

Although Russian is the only official language of the Russian Federation, there are several other officially-recognized languages for areas within Russia. This is a list of languages that are official only in certain parts of Russia. 

Moskva River

The Moskva River (, romanized: "Moskva-reka") is a river in Russia. It is the river where the capital of Russia Moscow gets it name, as it is the main river in the city. It is a tributary of the Oka River. This river then flows into the Volga River. The Volga flows into the Caspian Sea. The Moskva is around long.

Salar de Uyuni

Salar de Uyuni (or Salar de Tunupa) is the world's largest salt flat. It is over in area. 

It is in Potosí in southwest Bolivia, near the crest of the Andes at an height of 3,656 metres (11,995 ft) above sea level.

The crust serves as a source of salt and covers a pool of brine, which is exceptionally rich in lithium. It contains 50% to 70% of the world's known lithium reserves. The large area, clear skies, and exceptional flatness of the surface make the Salar ideal for calibrating the altimeters of Earth observation satellites.

Oka (river)

The Oka (, ) is a river in Russia. It is a tributary of the Volga River. The Moskva River, which is the main river in Moscow, flows into it. The river is very long and is long.

2018 United States gubernatorial elections

The 2018 United States gubernatorial elections were a series of elections occurring in 36 states, as well as 3 territories. The Democrats made substantial gains, the and Independents made a net loss of one (the only Independent governor, who came from Alaska, lost his reelection bid to a Republican).

Elections occurred in the following states:

In the following states, Democrats had held the seat, but in this election lost to Republicans:

"None"

In the following states, Democrats had held the seat, but in this election lost to Independents:

"None"

In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, but in this election lost to Democrats:


In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, but in this election lost to Independents:

"None"

In the following states, Independents had held the seat, but in this election lost to Republicans:


In the following states, Independents had held the seat, but in this election lost to Democrats:

"None"

In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, and continued to hold it following this election:


In the following states, Independents had held the seats, and continued to hold them following this election:

"None"

In the following states, Democrats had held the seats, and continued to hold them following this election:


Northwest Indiana

Northwest Indiana is a region in the state of Indiana.

Northwest Indiana is near Chicago.

Counties in Northwest Indiana are:


Northwest Indiana is more heavily influenced by Chicago, Illinois, than the rest of Indiana.

Due to its proximity to Chicago, Northwest Indiana is more liberal than the rest of Indiana. One of the state´s two Democratic US Congress delegates was elected from a district in Northwest Indiana. Although only Lake County is really liberal, and the other three counties are either swing or conservative, Lake County does have a higher population than the other three counties in Northwest Indiana combined, so Northwest Indiana is overall liberal-leaning.

At the same time, Jasper and Newton Counties are very conservative.

Porter County is a swing county, although it voted for Donald Trump in 2016.

Lake County is overall quite liberal.

Lake County makes up over 60% of the population of Northwest Indiana, though taking up approximately 25% of Northwest Indiana's land.

Terror Train

Terror Train is a 1980 Canadian horror movie directed by first time director Roger Spottiswoode and starring Jamie Lee Curtis, Ben Johnson, Hart Bochner, Vanity, Anthony Sherwood, Timothy Webber, Joy Boushel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


La Bayamesa

"La Bayamesa" or "El Himno de Bayamo" ("The Bayamo Song") is a Cuban pre-revolutionary song which has been the national anthem of Cuba since 1902. First performed in 1868 during the Battle of Bayamo, author and freedom fighter Perucho Figueredo who battled in Bayamo, wrote the lyrics to this song and composed the music before being executed by the Spaniards. In 1898, Cuban conductor Antonio Rodriguez-Ferrer was the anthem's musical introductory note conductor.

Only the first verse (in bold) is officially part of the anthem.
<poem>To arms, quickly, ye Bayamesans!
As the homeland looks proudly to you;
don't fear a glorious death,
for to die for the homeland is to live.
To live in shackles is to live
mired in shame and disgrace,
now hear the sound of the bugle;
Quickly, ye brave, to arms!

Fear not the vicious Iberians.
They're cowards as is every tyrant.
They cannot oppose spirited Cubans.
Their empire has forever fallen.
Free Cuba! Spain has already died,
their power and pride, where did it go?
Hear the sound of the bugle.
Run, brave ones, to battle!

Behold our triumphant troops
Behold they that have fallen.
As cowards they flee defeated:
We triumphed because of our bravery.
Free Cuba! we can shout
from the cannon's terrible boom.
Hear the sound of the bugle,
Run, brave ones, to battle!</poem>

Venceremos

"Venceremos" (, which means "We Will Win") is a Chilean song. This song was used for the Popular Unity of Chile, and it was made more popular by Chilean organisations, like Inti-Illimani and Quilapayún. This song was at its height during the 1970 Chilean presidential elections, during which people sung this song in order to support Salvador Allende.

The words of the song were written by Claudio Iturra, and the music was created by Sergio Ortega. To further support the left-wing party in the 1970 elections, the lyrics were written again by Víctor Jara, mentioning Allende and Popular Unity in the lyrics.

This song became popular in the 1970s and has been translated into Portuguese, Italian, Russian, German, Swedish, Finnish, and Turkish languages; however, the authors of the last five are not known.

The words were changed by Victor Jara, and the following text was recorded by Quilapayún.
When this song became more well known throughout the globe, it was translated into Turkish by the Turkish band (meaning "Commentary Group"), founded in 1984.
There are many versions of the words in the German language. The most well-known one is the version below, which was written by the German poet Hans Georg Albig.

All the Right Moves (movie)

All the Right Moves is a 1983 romantic drama movie directed by first time director Michael Chapman and starring Tom Cruise, Gary Graham, Lea Thompson, Craig T. Nelson, Chris Penn, Sandy Faison, Terry O'Quinn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Felszabadulás dala

The Felszabadulás dala ( [ɒ ˈfɛlsɒbɒdulaːʒ ˈdɒlɒ] ; 'Song of Liberation') is a communist Hungarian patriotic song. It was first created during Rákosi Mátyás's rule in order to celebrate Liberation Day on April 4 when the Soviet Red Army drove the Nazis away from Hungarian territory in 1950. It was written and composed by Hungarian musician Ernő Rossa (1909–72).



Darling (movie)

Darling is a 1965 British romantic drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and starring Julie Christie, Dirk Bogarde, Laurence Harvey, José Luis de Villalonga, Roland Curram, Basil Henson, Umberto Raho, Pauline Yates, Brian Wilde. It was distributed by Embassy Pictures and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1966.


Up from the Beach

Up from the Beach is a 1965 American French World War II movie directed by Robert Parrish and based on the 1959 novel "Epitaph for an Enemy" by George Barr. It stars Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons, James Robertson Justice, Broderick Crawford, Robert Hoffman, Marius Goring and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Nanny (1965 movie)

The Nanny is a 1965 British horror movie directed by Seth Holt and based on the novel of the same name by Merriam Modell. It stars Bette Davis, Wendy Craig, Jill Bennett, James Villiers, Harry Fowler, Maurice Denham and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Richard Herd

Richard Herd, Jr. (September 26, 1932 – May 26, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was known for playing Mr. Wilhelm on "Seinfeld". He also played James W. McCord, Jr. in the 1976 political thriller "All the President's Men".

Herd died of colorectal cancer-related problems in Los Angeles on May 26, 2020 at the age of 87.

Mirage (movie)

Mirage is a 1965 American mystery thriller movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1952 novel "Fallen Angel" by Howard Fast. It stars Gregory Peck, Diane Baker, Walter Matthau, Kevin McCarthy, Jack Weston, Leif Erickson, Walter Abel, George Kennedy, Hari Rhodes and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

How to Murder Your Wife

How to Murder Your Wife is a 1965 American black comedy movie directed by Richard Quine and starring Jack Lemmon, Virna Lisi, Terry-Thomas, Claire Trevor, Eddie Mayehoff, Jack Albertson. It was distributed by United Artists.


Solo Sunny

Solo Sunny is a 1980 East German musical drama movie directed by Konrad Wolf and Wolfgang Kohlhaase. It stars Renate Krößner, Alexander Lang, Fred Düren, Klaus Händel, Olaf Mierau.

Once Is Never

Once Is Never () is a 1955 East German comedy movie directed by Konrad Wolf and starring Horst Drinda, Brigitte Krause, Paul Schulz-Wernburg, Hillmar Thate, Johannes Arpe. It was distributed by VEB Progess Film.

Squad Car

Squad Car is a 1960 American crime drama movie directed by Ed Leftwich and stars Paul Bryar, Vici Raaf, Don Marlowe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Anne-Élisabeth Blateau

Anne Elizabeth Blateau (born July 28, 1976 in Paris) is a French actress and playwright.

She studied at Sciences Po Paris.
Her work appeared at the 2008 Saint-Maur Short Film Festival, 2009 Cannes film festival 


Aeacus

Aeacus was a mythological king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf. Aeacus was the son of Zeus and Aegina. When Aeacus died, he became one of the three judges in Hades.

He assisted Poseidon and Apollo in building the walls of Troy and he had sanctuaries in Athens and Aegina.

Senlis

Senlis () is a commune in the northern French department of Oise.

The monarchs of the early French dynasties lived in Senlis. It is known for the Chantilly forest nearby. It is also known for its Gothic cathedral and other historical monuments. 

The people that live here are called "Senlisiens" and "Senlisiennes".

June A. Willenz

June Adele Willenz (née Friedenberg; December 17, 1924 – May 3, 2020) was an American military veterans activist and writer. Willenz was born in New York City.

She was an Executive Director of the American Veterans Committee (AVC). She was the author of "Women Veterans: America's Forgotten Heroines" (Continuum, 1983). Willenz also help build the Women in Military Service for America Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. She was added into the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame in 2011.

Willenz died on May 3, 2020 in Bethesda, Maryland of a heart attack, aged 95.

Anthony Bailey (author)

Anthony Bailey (5 January 1933 – 13 May 2020) was a British writer and art historian.

In 1955, he emigrated to New York City and became a staff writer at "The New Yorker" magazine for over 30 years. He wrote twenty-three books, including biographies of artists J. M. W. Turner, John Constable, and two books on Rembrandt.

He lived on Mersea Island, near Colchester, Essex. He died on 13 May 2020 of COVID-19, aged 87. 

Julitta Münch

Julitta Münch (25 July 1959 – 21 May 2020) was a German presenter and journalist. She was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. In 1992, she and Jürgen Drensek became the first presenters of the "", which she presented until 1994. 

From 1995, she worked at WDR 5, where she presented "Morgenecho" and "Neugier genügt". From 1997 to the end of 2010, Münch took over the radio broadcast program "Hallo Ü-Wagen" at WDR 5.

Münch died on 21 May 2020 in Lohmar, Germany, aged 60.


André Cartier

André Cartier (24 December 1945 – 22 May 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was known for playing André in the children's series "Passe-Partout". Cartier was born in Montreal, Quebec. He also starred in "Sol et Gobelet", "Bound for Glory", "Les Oraliens" and "La bonne aventure".

Cartier died on 22 May 2020 in Dunham, Quebec of cancer at the age of 74.

José Roberto Figueroa

José Roberto Figueroa Padilla, also known as Macho, (15 December 1959 – 24 May 2020) was a Honduran footballer. He played as a forward, in Honduras for F.C. Motagua, C.D.S. Vida and in Spain for Real Murcia and Hércules CF. He also represented Honduras at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.

Figueroa was born in Olanchito, Honduras. He died on 24 May 2020 in San Francisco, California of cardiac arrest, aged 60.


Ricardo Barreda

Ricardo Alberto Barreda (16 June 1936 – 25 May 2020) was an Argentine convicted mass murderer and former dentist. He was born in La Plata, Argentina. On November 15 1992, he murdered his wife, two daughters and his mother-in-law. In 1995, he was sentenced to life imprisonment. He was granted house arrest in 2011, but was soon put back in jail after violating it. 

Barreda died of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by Alzheimer's disease on 25 May 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 83.

Francis Dufour

Francis Dufour (March 28, 1929 – May 25, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was the member for Jonquière in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1996. He was a member of the Parti Québécois from 1985 until 1996. Dufour was born in Jonquière, Quebec. 

Dufour died on May 25, 2020 in Jonquière at the age of 91.

Summer Bishil

Summer Yasmine Bishil (born July 17, 1988) is an American actress. She became well known for her roles as Jasira in the 2007 movie "Towelhead" and as Taslima in the 2009 movie "Crossing Over". She is also known for her role as Margo Hanson on the Syfy fantasy drama series "The Magicians".

Bishil was born in Pasadena, California. 

İsmail Hakkı Karadayı

İsmail Hakkı Karadayı (1932 – 26 May 2020) was a Turkish general and politician. He became the 20th Commander of the Turkish Armed Forces on 30 August 1993. Between 1994 and 1998, he was the 22nd Chief of the Turkish General Staff. He was born in Çankırı, Turkey.

On 13 April 2018, a Turkish court sentenced him to life imprisonment for his role in the 1997 Turkish military memorandum.

Karadayı died on 26 May 2020 in Istanbul of multiple organ failure, aged 87–88.

Grand Lisboa

Grand Lisboa () is a 47-floor, hotel in Sé, Macau, China. It is owned by Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau and designed by Hong Kong architects Dennis Lau and Ng Chun Man. 

Its casino and restaurants were opened on February 11, 2007, while the hotel was opened in December 2008. The casino offers 800 gaming tables and 1,000 slot machines. The hotel has 430 hotel rooms and suites. The Grand Lisboa is the tallest building in Macau.

The casino is the first in Macau to offer Texas hold 'em poker ring games. It was also the first to offer craps, though several other casinos in Macau now offer the game.

In 2017 it was reported that the Grand Lisboa had the lowest revenue and profits during 2016. It was owned by businessman Stanley Ho.

Stanley Ho

Stanley Ho Hung-sun (, 25 November 1921 – 26 May 2020) was a Hong Kong-Macau billionaire businessman, and philanthropist. He was the founder and chairman of SJM Holdings. It owned nineteen casinos in Macau including the Grand Lisboa.

Ho had been nicknamed "Godfather" and "King of Gambling". He was an important person on the Macau gambling industry for 75 years.

Ho was also the founder and chairman of Shun Tak Holdings, through which he owned many businesses including entertainment, tourism, shipping, real estate, banking, and air transport. It was said that his businesses employ almost one-fourth of the workforce of Macau.

Ho died on 26 May 2020 at a hospital in Hong Kong of kidney failure, aged 98.

Vladimir Lopukhin

Vladimir Mikhailovich Lopukhin (23 May 1952 – 26 May 2020) was a Soviet-born Russian politician and economist. He was born in Moscow. He worked for the Institute of World Economy and International Relations. He was the Minister of Energy from 10 November 1991 to 30 May 1992. 

Lopukhin died on 26 May 2020 in Moscow of COVID-19, three days after his 68th birthday.

Christian Mbulu

Christian Mbulu (6 August 199626 May 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a defender. Mbulu was born in Newham, England. 

He played for Brentwood Town F.C. from 2013 to 2015. From 2015 to 2018, he played for Millwall F.C.. From 2019 to 2020, he played for Crewe Alexandra F.C.. In 2020, he played for Morecambe F.C..

Mbulu died on 26 May 2020 at his home in Cottam, Lancashire, aged 23.

Li Ka-shing

Sir Li Ka-shing (born 13 June 1928) is a Hong Kong businessman, investor, and philanthropist. As of June 2019, Li is the 30th richest person in the world. He has a wealth of US$29.4 billion.

He is the senior advisor for CK Hutchison Holdings and CK Asset Holdings, after he retired from the Chairman of the Board in May 2018; through it, he is the world's leading port investor, developer, and operator of the largest health and beauty retailer in Asia and Europe.

Lee Shau-kee

Lee Shau-kee GBM (; born 20 February 1928) is a Hong Kong businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He is well known real estate tycoon and majority owner of Henderson Land Development. In 2019, aged 91, Lee retired as chairman and managing director of the company.

His personal wealth is said to be $31.5 billion, making him the second wealthiest man in Hong Kong, and the 27th richest in the world

Sab Shimono

Saburo Shimono (born July 31, 1937) is a Japanese–American actor. He began his career on stage on Broadway. His best known roles were in "Mame", "Lovely Ladies, Kind Gentlemen", and "Pacific Overtures". 

He has appeared in many movies and television shows in character roles, including "Midway, Gung Ho, Presumed Innocent, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III, The Shadow, Samurai Jack," and "Southland Tales." He also voiced Monk Gyatso / Master Yu in "".

Shimono was born in Sacramento, California. He is openly gay.


John Noble

John Noble (born 20 August 1948) is an Australian actor and theatre director. He was born in Port Pirie, South Australia.

He is best known for his roles as Dr. Walter Bishop in the US Fox science fiction television series "Fringe" and Henry Parrish in the Fox action-horror series "Sleepy Hollow". His best known movie role was as Denethor in Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy. 

He also provided the voice of the DC Comics supervillain Scarecrow in the 2015 video game "".

In 2015, he joined the main cast of the television series "Elementary" as Sherlock Holmes's father. He was also cast as a doctor in the Australian TV series "All Saints." 

In 2012, Noble was diagnosed with osteoporosis.

Bob Lynn

Bob Lynn (February 23, 1933 – May 25, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 31st district from 2003 to 2013 and the 26th district from 2013 to 2017. He was born in Los Angeles.

He was Chair of the State Affairs Committee, was Vice-Chair of the Judiciary Committee, and was a member of the Transportation Committee and Joint Armed Forces Committees. He also was on the Labor & Workforce Development, Military & Veterans' Affairs, and Public Safety Finance Subcommittees, for the 28th Legislature. 

Lynn died on May 25, 2020 in California from a long-illness, aged 87.


Murder of George Floyd

Derek Chauvin, a white police officer, murdered George Floyd, a 46 year old African-American man, during an arrest on May 25, 2020 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The murder started the George Floyd protests against racism in the United States and in other countries.

George Floyd was a 46 year old African-American man from Houston, Texas. Chauvin, a police officer of the Minneapolis Police Department, killed Floyd while he was under arrest for using counterfeit cash. Chauvin put his knee on Floyd's neck for nearly nine minutes while Floyd was gasping for breath. Witnesses said Floyd told the officers, "I can't breathe" many times before he lost consciousness. This happened in the Powderhorn area of Minneapolis. 

The event was recorded on many mobile phones. Four officers involved were fired the next day. The Federal Bureau of Investigation announced a federal civil rights investigation into the incident. It had an impact on law enforcement.

In late May, after days of protests, the officer who killed Floyd, Derek Chauvin, was charged with third-degree murder and manslaughter. The charge was later changed to second-degree murder. The three other officers were charged on June 3 with aiding and abetting second-degree murder, meaning they are charged with helping Chauvin kill Floyd.

Chauvin's trial began on March 9, 2021. On April 20, 2021, a jury found Chauvin guilty. On June 25, Chauvin was given a sentence of 22 years and six months in prison.

George Floyd was a 46-year-old African-American man from Houston, Texas. He was a rapper who worked with the Houston-based hip hop group Screwed Up Click and freestyled under the alias "Big Floyd". Floyd moved to Minnesota around 2014. At the time of his death, Floyd had recently lost his job due to Minnesota's stay-at-home order during the COVID-19 pandemic. Floyd was the father of two daughters, aged 6 and 22.


Shortly after 8:00 p.m. on May 25, Memorial Day, Minneapolis Police Department officers responded to a "forgery in progress" on Chicago Avenue South in the Powderhorn neighborhood of Minneapolis. Floyd "tried to use forged documents at a nearby deli." According to a co-owner of Cup Foods, Floyd attempted to use a $20 bill that a staff member identified as counterfeit. According to police, Floyd was in a nearby car and "appeared to be drunk."

According to the Minneapolis police, officers "were able to get the suspect into handcuffs and noted he appeared to be suffering medical distress," and called for an ambulance. No weapons were used in the arrest, according to a statement from the Minneapolis police.

According to the Minneapolis Fire Department, paramedics moved Floyd from the location and were doing CPR and other lifesaving measures on an "unresponsive, pulseless male." Floyd was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.

Floyd was buried in Houston, Texas on June 9.

George Floyd's body was examined more than once, and the experts said different things about how he died.

On June 1, the Hennepin County medical examiner released a report. This report said that Floyd died because of homicide, which means killing, but does not mean that anybody is guilty of murder. The report also said that Floyd had recently used methamphetamine and had fentanyl intoxication. Prosecutors said that the Hennepin County medical examiner did not think Floyd died from lack of air. Prosecutors said they thought Floyd must have had heart disease or taken alcohol or drugs and that the police officers' actions would not have been enough to kill him by themselves. On June 3, they said Floyd had tested positive for COVID-19 in April, but they did not say this helped cause his death.

George Floyd's family hired Dr. Allecia M. Wilson of the University of Michigan and Dr. Michael Baden, who used to be a medical examiner for New York City, to examine Floyd's body and figure out how he died. They said that Floyd died from lack of air because the heavy weight of the officers on his back kept him from breathing, in addition to the knee on his neck. Dr. Baden said, "The autopsy shows that Mr. Floyd had no underlying medical problem that caused or contributed to his death. This is confirmed by information provided to Dr. Wilson and myself by the family." They also called his death a homicide.

On May 29, 2020, Derek Chauvin was charged with third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. On June 3, Chauvin was also charged with second-degree murder, a more serious crime. Chauvin was scheduled for arraignment, to appear in court, on June 8. In October, a judge took away the third-degree murder charge. In March 2021, Chauvin was charged with third-degree murder again. 

J. Alexander Kueng, Thomas Lane, and Tou Thao were charged with aiding and abetting (helping) second-degree murder, and aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter. Kueng, Lane, and Thao each paid bail money and were released from jail by July. To be released on bail means that the suspect gives some money or a deed to property to the court and promises not to run away. If the suspect appears at the trial, the money or deed is returned. If the suspect runs away, the court keeps it. Lane was released on June 10, Kueng on June 19, and Thao on July 4. 

At a pre-trial hearing during the last week in June, Minneapolis Judge Peter Cahill told lawyers and other officials to stop making public statements about the trial. He said if they did not stop, he would order the trial to take place somewhere other than Minneapolis. He also said, if they continued talking, he would issue a gag order, meaning they could be punished if they continued talking.

In January 2021, Judge Cahill decided that there would be two trials. The trial for Derek Chauvin would begin on March 8, 2021. The trial for Kueng, Lane, and Thao would begin on August 23, 2021.

Chauvin's trial began on March 8, 2021. On March 9, the judge and attorneys began to select the jury. Six of the jurors were white, four were black, and two were multiracial. The oldest juror was in her sixties. The trial was broadcasted on video. The court did not show pictures of the jury, but did broadcast their voices when talking.

On April 20, 2021, a jury found Chauvin guilty of three crimes: second-degree unintentional murder of someone while committing a big crime, third-degree murder, and second-degree manslaughter. The jurors had talked to each other for ten hours in two pieces, on Monday and Tuesday. The judge is scheduled to give him his sentence eight weeks later. The largest penalty the judge could give Chauvin is 40 years in prison but most people who commit these crimes spend 10-15 years in prison. That means the jury decided that Chauvin might not have meant to kill Floyd but did mean to assault him and that Chauvin knew that he was doing something dangerous that could kill Floyd.

On Friday, June 25, Judge Petera A. Cahill sentenced Chauvin to 22.5 years in prison.

On July 22, 2020, Derek Chauvin and his wife, Kellie Chauvin, were charged with several different kinds of tax evasion. They had not paid the correct sales tax or income tax for six years. Kellie Chauvin began the divorce process in May 2020, but legally she is still responsible for tax evasion during her marriage.

Beginning on May 26 and 27, there were protests near the place where Floyd died. The protests started out peacefully, but some parts became violent later, with people attacking a police precinct and local businesses. The protests on May 28 included looting and property set on fire. On May 28, hundreds of people marched to the center of Minneapolis holding signs saying "I can't breathe" and "Fuck Donald Trump." The city of Minneapolis instituted an 8:00 p.m. curfew, meaning no one was meant to be on the street after that time.

There were sister protests in Oakland, New York, Chicago, Denver, and other parts of the United States. Over 500 people were arrested at one sister protest in Los Angeles. Parts of the Los Angeles protest were peaceful and parts were violent.
There were also protests outside the United States, in London, Toronto, Berlin and other places. Some of these international protesters said they wanted to support George Floyd but also notice the racist actions by police in their own countries.

On the morning of May 28, white Minneapolis police officers arrested Omar Jimenez, a reporter for CNN, and his crew while they were filming the protests. Jiminez is black. Jiminez told the officers that he and his crew were journalists and offered to move further away, but the officers arrested them anyway. They were released later that day. The governor of Minnesota, Tim Walz, apologized to CNN, and said publicly that Jiminez and his crew had only been doing their jobs and acting within their rights. A white CNN reporter who had been working a block away from Jiminez noted that he had not been bothered by the police, only asked who he was.

Protests continued into Friday, May 29, with protesters approaching the White House in Washington, D.C. and pulling away temporary fences. Some of the protesters threw bricks at the officers, which included United States Secret Service and United States Park Police.

During the protests, people donated large amounts of money to black-led political groups, especially bail funds.

In June, George Floyd's brother, Philonese Floyd, asked the United Nations Human Rights Commission to make a team to study the killing of black people by the American police.

On Thursday May 28, Governor Tim Walz called for change: "It is time to rebuild. Rebuild the city, rebuild our justice system, and rebuild the relationship between law enforcement and those they're charged to protect. George Floyd's death should lead to justice and systemic change, not more death and destruction."

After the arrest of CNN reporter Omar Jiminez, Walz apologized to CNN, saying "I take full responsibility."

Walz also told the National Guard to be ready to come to the twin cities if they were needed and put the city under an 8:00 p.m. curfew. He said he thought the worst looters were probably outsiders who came from the city to hide in the crowds and cause problems.

President Donald Trump said on Twitter that he had asked the FBI do an investigation, adding, "My heart goes out to George's family and friends. Justice will be served!" Trump also called Floyd's death as "Sad and Tragic."

Later, President Donald Trump called the protesters of the killing "thugs" and said "when the looting starts, the shooting starts." Twitter hid the post because it broke their rules about presenting violence as good. On May 30, Trump complimented the Secret Service agents who had kept the protesters away from the White House, saying the Service had "vicious dogs and the most ominous weapons." He also posted on Twitter suggesting that his supporters stage a counter-protest: "Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???" "MAGA" is an acronym for the Trump slogan "Make America Great Again."

Joe Biden was not president in 2020 when Floyd was killed but he was president in 2021 during the trial of Derek Chauvin. In April 2021, he said the guilty verdict was a "giant step forward in the march toward justice in America," but "much too rare." Before he became President, Biden had promised to make a police commission for the whole country during his first 100 days as president, but he had not done so as of April 2021.

Washington D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowswer would write, also on Twitter: "While [Trump] hides behind his fence afraid/alone, I stand w/ people peacefully exercising their First Amendment Right after the murder of #GeorgeFloyd & hundreds of years of institutional racism," she wrote. "There are no vicious dogs & ominous weapons. There is just a scared man."

Former Florida congressman Carlos Cubelo, a Republican, said, "The president seems more out-of-touch and detached from the difficult reality the country is living than ever before."

On June 2, after days of protests, Governor Walz announced the Minnesota Department of Human Rights would investigate the Minneapolis police department to see if the police in general were mistreating people of color. The Minneapolis City Council agreed, saying, "We urge the state to use its full weight to hold the Minneapolis Police Department accountable for any and all abuses of power and harms to our community and stand ready to aid in this process as full partners."
On June 5, Minneapolis announced a new rule saying the police were not allowed to use chokeholds on people. 

The Minnesota state legislature attempted to write a new law that would redesign all police departments, but the Democrats wanted large changes to policing and the Republicans wanted small changes, and they could not agree in time for any new bill to become law.


George Floyd

George Perry Floyd Jr. (October 14, 1973 - May 25, 2020) was an African American man who was murdered by a white police officer, Derek Chauvin, who knelt on Floyd's neck for almost 8 minutes. Many people were angry about his death, which led to many protests in order to stop violence and racism against black people.

Floyd was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina to George Perry Floyd and Larcenia "Cissy" Jones. He had four brothers and sisters.

When he was 2, he and his brothers and sisters moved with their mother to Houston, Texas. They lived in public housing in the Third Ward, which is one of Houston's poorest neighborhoods. He was called Perry, which was his middle name.

He played basketball and American football throughout high school and college.

Floyd went to South Florida Community College for two years on a football scholarship. He then transferred to Texas A&M University–Kingsville in 1995 before dropping out.

Some people called Floyd a "gentle giant." He was tall and weighed .

Floyd returned to Houston in 1995 and became an automotive customizer and played club basketball. He performed as a rapper from 1994 to 1997 using his stage name Big Floyd in the hip hop group Screwed Up Click. He was on several mixtapes released by DJ Screw, the founder.<

Floyd had many jobs. He got into trouble with the law several times. From 1997 to 2005, he went to prison 8 times. Some of the things he went to jail for were drug possession, theft and home invasion.

After he left jail, Floyd tried to turn his life around. He mentored other young men as part of a church group so they would not make do the same bad things he did. He also helped his mother out after she had a stroke.

In 2014, Floyd moved to Minneapolis to find work. There, he was a bouncer, truck driver, and security guard.

In 2020, he lost his job as a security guard because the bar where he worked at shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In April, he got COVID-19 but got better.

Floyd had 5 children and 2 grandchildren. His youngest daughter, Gianna, lives in Houston with his former partner. A GoFundMe campaign to help pay for Floyd's funeral costs and benefit his family made the site's record for the most individual donations.

On May 25, 2020, a 44 year old white police officer named Derek Chauvin killed Floyd in Minneapolis by putting him in a chokehold during an arrest on suspicion of forgery when an employee from Cup Foods informed the Minneapolis Police Department that he had used a fake $20 bill to buy cigarettes and that he was believed to be awfully drunk and not in control of himself. Chauvin kneeled on Floyd's neck, which meant that he could not breathe. Witnesses said that Floyd was reported to plead “I can’t breathe” multiple times to the officers. Floyd could not move because he was handcuffed and lying face down. Two other officers named Thomas Lane and James Alexander Keung were on Floyd's back and legs and another officer named Tou Thao stopped others from helping Floyd.For the last three of those minutes, Floyd did not move and had no pulse but officers did not try to revive him. Chauvin kept his knee on Floyd's neck as paramedics attempted to treat him.According to The New York Times, Chauvin had restrained Floyd for eight minutes and forty six seconds.

The second autopsy report done by the county said that Floyd's death was a homicide caused by cardiac arrest caused by him being restrained. This autopsy was done after people complained about the first one, which did not say homicide was the cause of his death.

His family had an autopsy done by another doctor, which said that Floyd died of asphyxia. However, it was done without samples from his body.

Some people nearby filmed the officers hurting Floyd and then put the videos on the Internet. Because of this, people started to protest. Protests began in Minneapolis the day after Floyd died. More protests would be held in all 50 US states and in 400 cities all around the world.

On June 4, 2020, a memorial service for Floyd took place in Minneapolis with Al Sharpton delivering the eulogy.

Services were planned in North Carolina with a public viewing and private service on June 6 and in Houston on June 8 and 9.

Floyd is buried next to his mother in Pearland, Texas.

A legacy is an impact that someone leaves behind when they die. George Floyd left behind a big legacy because he died due to police violence. In the United States, the police have a history of racism and not treating minority groups right. After Floyd died, there were big efforts to stop racism everywhere in the country, not just against Black people.

Many people were sad and angry about George Floyd's death. They think it is proof that racism is still a big problem in the United States. Some people came out to the streets to protests. Many protests were peaceful. Others were violent.

Some universities created scholarships in George Floyd's name. The CEO of Netflix and his wife made a $120 million donation to several historically black colleges and universities. These schools were created by and for African Americans as they were usually not allowed to attend colleges in the past.

A bill proposed by US Representative Sheila Jackson Lee (a Democrat from Texas), the George Floyd Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, was made to reduce police brutality and establish national policing standards.

The length of time that Chauvin was believed to have had his knee on Floyd's neck, eight minutes forty-six seconds, was used as a "moment of silence" to honor Floyd.

Many artists around the world created murals to honor George Floyd.

George Floyd's death was the cover story for The Economist. It wrote that his legacy was "the rich promise of social change."

Houston rappers have posted tributes to Floyd and called for justice in what they see as an act of police brutality against an African-American man. “R.I.P. Big Floyd He took his life in broad day may God bring his family justice,” original Screwed Up Click member Lil’ Keke wrote on Instagram. His post asked followers to call Minneapolis District Attorney Michael Freeman and demand charges be pressed against the four officers fired after detaining Floyd for an alleged forgery in progress, one of whom pushed his knee against Floyd’s neck, according to a bystander video. “Say His Name #GeorgeFloyd Rest Easy… The Fight For Us Begins Now,” rapper Trae The Truth, another member of Screwed Up Click, wrote alongside a photo of Floyd. “4 Officers Fired Aint Enough!!!” he added on a subsequent post. Minneapolis residents protested Floyd’s death and the lack of charges for the officers on May 26, and were met with more police force.

Pashupati Sharma

Pashupati Sharma is a Nepalese folk singer born on 31 October 1982 in Putalibazar Municipality Ward Number 3 of Syangja District, Nepal. Sharma moved to Kathmandu on 2003 for his further studies, as he was interested in singing he started singing in Saptakoshi Dohori Sanjh (a duet folk singing club) and released his first official song on 2003. Sharma has already sung more than 200 songs during his career. His songs revolves around patriotism, love and satire One of his latest satire song Lutna Sake Lut was recently forced to remove from YouTube.


Taft, California

Taft (formerly Moron, Moro, and Siding Number Two) is a city in the edge of the San Joaquin Valley, in Kern County, California. Taft is located west-southwest of Bakersfield. The population was 8,546 at the 2020 census. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of .

It was named for President William H. Taft in 1909.

Abenomask

Abenomask is a Japanese political word named after Shinzo Abe. It is used in Japan for two meanings:
Abenomask-like actions are taken in other regions including Spain and the United States.

Liesbeth Migchelsen

Liesbeth Migchelsen (11 March 1971 – 27 May 2020) was a Dutch footballer. She represented the Netherlands women's national team 95 times between 1990 and 2008. Micgchelsen played in Germany for FFC Heike Rheine and in The Netherlands for S.V. Fortuna Wormerveer and AZ Alkmaar. She coached Australian W-League team Canberra United FC from 2013 to 2014.

Migchelsen was born in Harderwijk, Netherlands. She died on 27 May 2020 of cancer, aged 49.




Elizabeth Hubbard

Elizabeth Hubbard (December 22, 1933 – April 8, 2023) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Dr. Althea Davis on "The Doctors" (1964-69, 1970-78, 1981-82) and powerful businesswoman Lucinda Walsh on "As the World Turns" (1984-2010). 

She also played roles on "The Edge of Night", "One Life to Live", and "Guiding Light". 

Hubbard died of cancer on April 8, 2023 in Roxbury, Connecticut at the age of 89.

Judith Guest

Judith Guest (born March 29, 1936) is an American novelist and screenwriter. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She is the great-niece of Poet Laureate Edgar Guest (1881–1959). She is a winner of the Janet Heidinger Kafka Prize.

Guest's first book, "Ordinary People" was published in 1976/ The 1980 movie version, "Ordinary People" won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Guest co-authored the mystery "Killing Time in St. Cloud" (1988) with novelist Rebecca Hill. Guest's most recent book, "The Tarnished Eye" (2004).

Mariclare Costello

Mariclare Costello (born February 3, 1936) is an American actress and educator. She is a lifetime member of The Actors Studio. Her best known roles were as Rosemary Hunter Fordwick on the television series "The Waltons," from 1972 to 1977. 

In 1977, after her role on "The Waltons", she played Maggie Fitzpatrick on the short-lived drama show "The Fitzpatricks."

Costello was born in Peoria, Illinois. From 1977 until his death in 2013, she was married to actor Allan Arbus. She is an acting professor at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles.

Grand Haven, Michigan

Grand Haven is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Ottawa County. As of the 2020 census, Grand Haven had a population of 11,011. It is part of the Grand Rapids Metropolitan Area.

Grand Haven Charter Township, Michigan

Grand Haven Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 18,004 at the 2020 census. The Grand Haven Township is located immediately south of Grand Haven.

The Disappearance of Finbar

The Disappearance of Finbar is a 1996 Irish Swedish mystery drama movie directed by Sue Clayton and starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Colin Farrell, Lorraine Pilkington. It was distributed by Channel 4 Films.

Mool mantar

The Mool Mantar (also spelled Mul Mantar) is the opening verse of the Guru Granth Sahib, the Sikh holy book. The verse is repeated many times throughout the book.

Kate Garraway

Kathryn "Kate" Mary Draper-Garraway (born 4 May 1967) is an English broadcaster and journalist. In the 1990s, Draper-Garraway was a journalist for ITV News Central and later a co-presenter of ITV News Meridian. From 2000 to 2010, she has co-presented GMTV. Currently, Draper-Garraway is the presenter of "Mid Mornings with Kate Garraway" on Smooth Radio and was a standby newsreader and a Friday co-anchor of the ITV Breakfast programme "Good Morning Britain" from 2014 to 2022. She was also a Buckingham Palace Senior News Correspondent from "Good Morning Britain" due to the death of Queen Elizabeth II from 9 September 2022 until 10 September 2022.

The Morning After (1986 movie)

The Morning After is a 1986 American mystery thriller movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Jane Fonda in her Oscar nominated role, Jeff Bridges, Raul Julia, Kathy Bates, Diane Salinger, Kathleen Wilhoite. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Cofresh

Cofresh Snack Foods is a company that makes savoury snacks. It is based in Leicester, United Kingdom. The company earns £28 million a year.

Cofresh was started in 1974 by an Indian family who moved from Kenya to Leicester, and used their fish and chip shop to make snacks, such as Bombay Mix. 

Cofresh's main range of Indian snacks includes versions of poppadum curls, potato grills, spiced nuts, Bombay Mix and Ganthiya.

In 2017, Cofresh released "Eat Real", which is a brand of gluten-free snacks. "Eat Real" snacks are mostly made from hummus or quinoa.

Kama (river)

The Kama (, ; '; Udmurt: Кам) is a river in Russia. It is long and is a large tributary of the Volga river. It is one of the biggest tributaries of the river.

Koto Matsudaira

Matsudaira was born in Tokyo to a shipowner on 5 February 1903. He first went to high school and then studied law at Tokyo Imperial University in his hometown. Although he entered the foreign service in 1926, he did not receive a degree until a year later. His further studies were in Paris, where he got a Doctor of Law. That same year, he also went to Institut d'études politiques de Paris, where he got a diploma.

In 1932, Matsudaira joined the League of Nations in Geneva as a delegate for Japan. Two years later, he was sent to work at the contract department at Japan's foreign office until early 1941. Some months afterward, he worked as a secretary at Japan's embassy in Washington, D.C. until the Attack on Pearl Harbor.

After returning to Japan, Matsudaira was one of the leading people at the foreign office's contract department until he went to Moscow as the first embassy secretary in 1944.

After World War II, Matsudaira was one of the witnesses at the Allied military court in Tokyo before serving as an Ambassador to Canada. He later went to the United Nations as an ambassador from 1957 to 1961. After his time at the UN, he went on to serve in India.

Siilinjärvi carbonatite

The Siilinjärvi carbonatite complex is in Central Finland near to Kuopio. It is named after the village it is next to, Siilinjärvi. It is a carbonatite mine. The complex is about long. The place was discovered in 1950 by the Geological Survey of Finland. They began mining it in 1958. It is the second-largest carbonatite complex in Finland. The Sokli mine is the biggest.

Alta Verapaz Department

Alta Verapaz is a department in the north central part of Guatemala. The capital is Cobán.


Baja Verapaz Department

Baja Verapaz is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Salamá.


Chimaltenango Department

Chimaltenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Chimaltenango.


Chiquimula Department

Chiquimula is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Chiquimula.


Bushehr province

Bushehr Province (, "Ostān-e Būshehr" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Bushehr.

Bryan County

Bryan County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Gilles Grondin

Gilles Grondin (3 February 1943 – 18 July 2005) was a Canadian politician. He was the mayor of Shawinigan-Sud, Quebec from 1977 to 1985. He was also a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1986 to 1988. He represented the electoral area of Saint-Maurice. During this time, he was a part of the Liberal Party.

As a politician, he was the mayor of Shawinigan-Sud for two terms. He did not try to get elected for a third time. Instead, he was elected in a by-election in 1986 to replace Jean Chrétien. This was for the federal House of Commons. In the 1988 federal election, he did not run for re-election. He was replaced by Denis Pronovost, who was a part of the Progressive Conservative Party.

Grondin died in 2005. He had cancer for a very long time.

Crew Dragon Demo-2

SpaceX Demo-2 (also referred to as SpaceX Demonstration Mission 2, or Demo-2) was the first crewed test flight of the Crew Dragon spacecraft, from the company SpaceX. It launched on 30 May 2020 at 19:22:45 UTC (3:22:45 PM EDT). It is heading to the International Space Station.

It was originally scheduled for 27 May 2020 at 20:33:33 UTC (4:33:33 PM EDT), but was stopped 16 minutes before take-off due to Tropical Storm Bertha.

Demo-2 is the first crewed orbital spaceflight launched from the United States since the final Space Shuttle mission, STS-135, in 2011, on which Douglas G. Hurley was the pilot.

Hurley was commander on Crew Dragon Demo-2, joined by Robert L. Behnken as joint operations commander.

Crew Dragon Demo-2 is also the first two-person orbital spaceflight launched from the United States since STS-4 in 1982.

SpaceX Dragon 2

SpaceX Dragon 2 is a class of reusable spacecraft created by American aerospace manufacturer SpaceX as the replacement to the Dragon 1 cargo spacecraft. 

The spacecraft launches atop a Falcon 9 Block 5 rocket and returns to Earth via an ocean splashdown. The spacecraft can dock itself to the International Space Station (ISS) instead of being berthed. 

It has two versions; Crew Dragon, a human-rated capsule capable of carrying up to seven astronauts, and Cargo Dragon, an updated replacement for the original Dragon spacecraft.

Crew Dragon is equipped with an integrated launch escape system in a set of four side thruster pods with two SuperDraco engines each. The spacecraft features redesigned solar arrays.

SpaceX plans to replace Dragon 2 with Starship.
"Launch dates are listed in UTC."





8 April 2022 to 25 April 2022: Axiom-1 mission used space capsule "Resilience". The crew was


The mission was Crew-5.








Crew Dragon has eight SuperDraco engines, with each engine able to produce of thrust to be used for launch aborts (or giving up a a launch - after it has already started). Each pod also contains four Draco thrusters that can be used for attitude control and orbital maneuvers (or using engines while already in an orbit). The SuperDraco engine combustion chamber is printed of Inconel, an alloy of nickel and iron, using a process of direct metal laser sintering.

Oleh Hornykiewicz

Oleh Hornykiewicz (17 November 1926 – 26 May 2020) was a Polish-born Austrian Wolf Prize-winning biochemist. Hornykiewicz was born in Sykhiw (a district of Lviv), then in Poland (now Ukraine). 

He was chairman of the Institute of Biochemical Pharmacology at the University of Vienna for twenty years. In 1967, he began a long career with the University of Toronto in Canada and, in 1992, he was named professor emeritus at that institution.

He discovered that Parkinson's disease was due to dopamine deficiency in the brain. He also played a key role in the development of L-dopa as a therapy for the disorder.

Hornykiewicz died on 26 May 2020, aged 93.

Biff Pocoroba

Biff Benedict Pocoroba (July 25, 1953 – May 24, 2020) was a Major League Baseball catcher who also played a few games at third base. He was born in Burbank, California. He played for the Atlanta Braves from 1975 to 1984. In 1978, he made the National League All-Star team. He retired at the age of 30.

In retirement, Pocoroba was known for creating a business where he made his own sausages.

Pocoroba died on May 24, 2020 at the age of 66.

Early County, Georgia

Early County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 10,854 people lived there. The county seat is Blakely.

Fannin County, Georgia

Fannin County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 25,319 people lived there. The county seat is Blue Ridge. The county was created on January 21, 1854.

El Progreso Department

El Progreso is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Guastatoya.

There are eight municipalities:

Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari province

Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province (or Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari Province, , "Ostān-e Chahār-Mahāl-o Bakhtiyārī" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Shahr-e Kord.

Daisies (song)

"Daisies" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It was released on May 15, 2020. Perry wrote the song with Jonathan Bellion, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Jordan K. Johnson, Stefan Johnson, and Michael Pollack. The song was produced by The Monsters & the Strangerz.

The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 40.

Qizha

Qizha (, like Kiz-ha) is a Syrian and Palestinian semolina cake. It is made from semolina flour flavored with crushed Nigella seeds.


Rachael Finch

Rachael Finch (born July 8, 1988) is an Australian television host, model and beauty pageant titleholder. She finished 4th in Miss Universe 2009 pageant.

She has Ukrainian ancestors on the mother's side of the family.

She is [so-called] half-Ukrainian through her mother.

Rachael married her former "Dancing with the Stars" partner Michael Miziner on 3 January 2013. Finch gave birth to her daughter, Violet Rachael Miziner, in September 2013. She gave birth to her second child, Dominic Michael Miziner in March 2017.

Rachael is active on Instagram, where she has over 290,000 followers. It was there that she posted her controversial lunchbox post. 

In late February 2020, Rachael faced severe backlash after she posted the image of the lunchbox of her schoolgoing daughter, Violet. Critics stated that she did not feed Violet enough, but Rachael proved them wrong, stating, “My number one priority is to ensure that my kids are happy and healthy - so I give them real food, I give them whole pieces of fruit, and I give them vegetables in their lunch box. So Violet will go to school with sushi and a Greek salad, for example...If a mother wants to feed her child cherry tomatoes over cheezels "(sic)" then she can. It’s not deprivation or a screwed up childhood... it’s because she cares, and perhaps she has learnt from experience.”

Rachael works for the Seven Network as a reporter for several of its programs across current affairs and sports telecasts as well as making contestant appearances on Seven Network's in-house celebrity competition programs. She was one of the contestants in Celebrity MasterChef Australia in 2009. She progressed to the semi-finals, where she and "Biggest Loser" trainer Michelle Bridges made it through to the next stage. Rachael reached the grand-finals in which she came third overall. She also appeared in the 2010 series of "Dancing with the Stars". She was eliminated on 1 August 2010.
In late 2010, Rachael Finch joined the cast of the tenth season of "Dancing with the Stars". Finch's partner is Michael Miziner, the partner to the original winner of "Dancing with the Stars", Bec Cartwright. Despite receiving some harsh comments from judge Todd McKenney over lack of content with their choreography, Finch and Miziner had been named the "dark horse" couple by the judges. Most unfortunately, and despite maintaining high scores, Finch and Miziner were the fifth couple eliminated on 1 August 2010.
Rachael now does a daily weather report on Channel 7's morning show, "Sunrise".
"Main Article: Miss Universe 2009" 

On April 22, 2009, Rachael, then scarcely 19, was named the Australian nominee for Miss Universe 2009. In the general competition, she performed well, finishing an admirable fourth. She was roommates with Miss USA Kristen Dalton, who herself finished in the top ten. 
In 2006, Rachael (then just eighteen) won the ¨People´s Choice Awards¨ for 2006 Miss Teen Australia. 

Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC

Al Mokawloon Al Arab Sporting Club is an Egyptian football club. Liverpool star Mohamed Salah started his career there.


The Carey Treatment

The Carey Treatment is a 1972 mystery movie directed by Blake Edwards and based on the 1968 novel "A Case of Need" by Michael Crichton. It stars James Coburn, Jennifer O'Neill, Pat Hingle, Elizabeth Allen, John Fink, James Hong, Jennifer Edwards and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Prodigal

The Prodigal is a 1955 American drama movie directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Lana Turner, Edmund Purdom, Louis Calhern, Audrey Dalton, Neville Brand, Walter Hampden, Cecil Kellaway, Joseph Wiseman. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Dark Command

Dark Command is a 1940 American western movie directed by Raoul Walsh and based on the novel by W. R. Burnett. It stars John Wayne, Claire Trevor, Walter Pidgeon, Roy Rogers, George "Gabby" Hayes, Porter Hall, Marjorie Main and was distributed by Republic Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1941.

The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Score and Best Art Direction by John Victor Mackay.


"Dark Command" was first shown in Lawrence, Kansas.

Many people liked the movie. Republic wanted continue to give more money for John Wayne films because people liked this movie.


Kevin Lloyd

Kevin Reardon Lloyd was born 28 March, 1949 in Derby and died 2 May, 1998 in Burton-on-Trent. He was a British actor best known for playing DC Alfred "Tosh" Lines in ITV "The Bill", Harry Blackburn in "Auf Wiedersen, Pet" and Don Watkins in "Coronation Street". He has also appeared in "Britannia Hospital", "Link", "Don't Open till Christmas", "Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire", "A Dirty Knight's Work". He was the older brother of ITN journalist Terry Lloyd.


James Langevin

James R. Langevin (born April 22, 1964) is an American politician from Rhode Island. He had represented Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district from 2001 to 2023. He is a part of the Democratic Party. He was also the Secretary of State of Rhode Island between 1995 and 2001. 

Langevin is the first quadriplegic to be a part of the United States Congress. He was paralyzed after an accidental shooting.

In January 2022, Langevin announced he would not run for re-election in that year's election.

MATLAB

MATLAB (matrix laboratory) is a programming language made by Cleve Moler from MathWorks. It was originally made for numerical analysis (especially numerical linear algebra). But today, it is used in many areas such as:

For a complete list of changes of both MATLAB and official toolboxes, check the MATLAB release notes.


Mirza Mahdi Elahi Qomshehei

Mirza Mahdi Elahi Qomshehei (Persian: میرزا مهدی الهی قمشه‌ای ; January 1, 1901 – May 15, 1973), was an Iranian poet, translator of the Quran, and one of the grand Masters of the philosophical school of Tehran. He taught in Sepahsalar School, University of Tehran for 35 years.

He was under supervision of Grand masters from different cities such as Esfahan, Najaf, Mashhad and Tehran.

He had various teachers, such as Molla Muhammad Mahdi Farzaneh Qomshehei, Hasan Amin Jafari. Sheikh Muhammad Hakim Khorasani, Sayyed Hassan Modarres, Aqa Bozorge Hakim, The Grand Ayatollah Haji Aqa Hossein Qommi, Sheikh Asadollah Yazdi, Fazil, Fazin Barsi, Hajj Mirza Hasan Faqih Sabzevari Khorasani, Mirza Mahdi Esfahani, Mirza Tahir Tonekaboni.

His Persian translation of the Quran is one of the most used, the most authentic and proper Persian translation of the Quran until the current 21st century. The translation was also honoured by the Grand Ayatollah Bojnourdi.

His pupils includes Allameh Hasanzadeh, Allameh Abdollah Javadi-Amoli, Ayatollah Hajj Sayyed Muhammad Hasan Langroudi, Ayatollah Sayyed Razi Shirazi, Kazim Midir Shahnehchi, D.R Sayyed Muhammad Baqir Hojjati, Muhammad Baqir Muhaqiq, Sheikh Abdul Rahim Malakian.

He wrote numerous books and notes in diverse religious sciences. Including: 


Allen West (politician)

Allen Bernard West (born February 7, 1961) is an American political commentator and politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party, West represented in the House from 2011 to 2013.

In July 2019, West announced he would be running for the chairmanship of the Republican Party of Texas in 2020. He won the election, however, resigned at Texas GOP Chair in 2021.

On May 23, 2020, West was in a motorcycle crash just outside Waco, Texas.

West unsuccessfully ran for the Republican nomination for Governor of Texas, challenging incumbent Governor Greg Abbott.

In October 2021, West was diagnosed with COVID-19 and pneumonia. While hospitalized, he continued to criticize COVID-19 vaccinations and mask mandates.

Jaime Harrison

Jaime R. Harrison (born February 5, 1976) is an American politician. He was the chair of the South Carolina Democratic Party from 2013 to 2017. He became the Democratic National Committee in January 2021.

Harrison is running for the U.S. Senate from South Carolina in the 2020 election against Republican Lindsey Graham.

Flovilla, Georgia

Flovilla is a city in Butts County, Georgia, United States. The population was 643 at the 2020 census.

Grand Rapids Charter Township, Michigan

Grand Rapids Charter Township is a charter township of Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 18,905 at the 2020 census.

Bucky Baxter

William "Bucky" Baxter (1955May 25, 2020) was an American rock country guitarist. He was known for having played in Bob Dylan's Never Ending Tour during the 1990s. He released his only solo album, "Most Likely, No Problem", in 1999. He was born in Melbourne, Florida. Baxter was a founding member of The Dukes, Earle's backing band.

Baxter also appeared on various albums by artists such as Ryan Adams, R.E.M., and Joe Henry. In studio, Baxter played steel guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, dobro.

Baxter died on May 25, 2020, in Sanibel Island, Florida, at the age of 65.

Library of Birmingham

The Library of Birmingham is a public library in Central Birmingham, England. It is in Centenary Square next to the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and Baskerville House. It opened on the 3 September 2013 and cost £8.5 million to build. It has been called the largest public library in the United Kingdom.

Centenary Square

Centenary Square is a public square on Broad Street in Central Birmingham, England. Baskerville House, the Library of Birmingham, the Birmingham Repertory Theatre, and the International Convention Centre are on the outside of the square. The Hall of Memory is on the east side of the square. The Library tram stop of the West Midlands Metro is next to the square.

Pepper Rodgers

Franklin Cullen "Pepper" Rodgers (October 8, 1931 – May 14, 2020) was an American football player and coach. Rodgers was a quarterback and placekicker for Georgia Tech. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

As a college football player, he led the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets to an undefeated season in 1952 and later became their head coach. He also coached for the Kansas Jayhawks and UCLA Bruins. He worked for the United States Football League (USFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL).

Rodgers died on May 14, 2020 in Reston, Virginia from problems caused by a fall, aged 88.

Reston, Virginia

Reston is a census-designated place in Fairfax County, Virginia. In 2018, Reston was ranked as the Best Place to Live in Virginia.

The U.S. Census Bureau said Reston's population to be 60,070.

Link (movie)

Link is a 1986 British horror movie directed by Richard Franklin and starring Elisabeth Shue, Terence Stamp, Kevin Lloyd, David O'Hara, Linus Roache. It was distributed by Cannon Films.


Valeriy Davydenko

Valeriy Davydenko (, 16 March 1973 – 23 May 2020) was a Ukrainian businessman and politician. He was born in Nosivka, Chernihiv Oblast. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2014 to 2020. He was a member of the Spade and Our Land political parties.

Davydenko was found shot dead in the bathroom of his office on 23 May 2020 in Kiev, aged 47.

Zdena Tominová

Zdena Tominová (7 February 1941 – 24 May 2020) was a Czech novelist and a dissident in the communist era of Czechoslovakia. He was born in Prague. She was a spokesperson for Charter 77. Tominová published two novels in the 1980s, "Stalin's Shoe" and "The Coast of Bohemia".

Tominová died on 24 May 2020 in Prague, aged 79.

Jimmy Kirunda

Jimmy Kirunda (1950 – 25 May 2020) was a Ugandan international football player and international football manager for the Uganda national football team. He participated in five Africa Cup of Nations. He was manager of the national team between 1989 and 1996.

Kirunda died of a heart attack on 25 May 2020 in Kampala, Uganda at the age of 70.

Jörg Ohm

Jörg Ohm (14 March 1944 – 21 May 2020) was an East German football player and manager. He played in the DDR-Oberliga for both Chemie Leipzig and 1. FC Magdeburg. As a defender he won the championship four times between 1964 and 1975.

Ohm began to play football in the youth department of BSG Lokomotive Haldensleben, north of Magdeburg. In 1962 he joined the focus club of BSG Lokomotive, SC Lokomotive Leipzig, after playing four matches for the youth national team in the spring.

Ohm died on 21 May 2020, aged 76.

Renate Krößner

Renate Krößner, also Renate Krössner (17 May 1945 – 25 May 2020) was a German actress. She was known for her main role in the 1980 movie "Solo Sunny". From 1985, she worked in West Berlin and was known for roles in TV series such as "Tatort" and "Einmal Bulle, immer Bulle". She was born in Osterode am Harz, Lower Saxony.

Krößner died on 25 May 2020 in Mahlow, Brandenburg at the age of 75.

Golestan province

Golestan Province (, "Ostān-e Golestān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Gorgan. It is to the south of the Caspian Sea.

Hamadan province

Hamadan Province () is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Hamadan.

Alborz province

Alborz Province (, "Ostān-e Alborz" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Karaj.

Alborz Province was created by division of Tehran Province into two provinces, after the Parliamentary approval on 23 June 2010, and was introduced as the 31st province of Iran.

Grayeagle

Grayeagle is a 1977 American western movie directed by Charles B. Pierce (who also stars) and stars Ben Johnson, Paul Fix, Iron Eyes Cody, Lana Wood, Jack Elam. It was distributed by American International Pictures.

Samson and Delilah

Samson and Delilah is a 1922 Austrian historical adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and stars María Corda, Franz Herterich, Ernst Arndt, Alfredo Boccolini, Paul Lukas. It was distributed by Rosenhügel Film Studios.


To Joy (movie)

To Joy () is a 1950 Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and stars Maj-Britt Nilsson, Stig Olin, Birger Malmsten, John Ekman, Victor Sjöström.

Kansas City Bomber

Kansas City Bomber is a 1972 American sports drama movie directed by Jerrold Freedman and based on the story by Barry Sandler. It stars Raquel Welch, Kevin McCarthy, Norman Alden, Jodie Foster, Shelly Novack, Helena Kallianiotes, Russ Marin and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Squall

The Squall is a 1929 American romantic drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1926 play of the same name by Jean Bart. It stars Richard Tucker, Alice Joy, Loretta Young, Carroll Nye, Harry Cording, Myrna Loy and was distributed by First National Pictures.

Hanging Up

Hanging Up is a 2000 American German comedy drama movie directed by Diane Keaton (who also stars) and based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Delia Ephron. It stars Lisa Kudrow, Meg Ryan, Walter Matthau, Adam Arkin, Cloris Leachman, Myndy Crist, Charles Matthau and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Through a Glass Darkly (movie)

Through a Glass Darkly () is a 1961 Swedish drama movie written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. It stars Harriet Andersson, Gunnar Björnstrand, Max von Sydow and Lars Passgård.


Hormozgan province

Hormozgan Province (, "Ostān-e Hormozgān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Bandar Abbas.

The Legend of Bagger Vance

The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American sports drama movie based on Steven Pressfield's 1995 novel and directed by Robert Redford. It stars Will Smith, Matt Damon, Charlize Theron, Bruce McGill and Jack Lemmon in his final film role.


Escuintla Department

Escuintla is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Escuintla.


Guatemala Department

Guatemala is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Guatemala City, which is also the national capital.


Huehuetenango Department

Huehuetenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Huehuetenango. It is on the border with Mexico.


San Marcos Department

San Marcos is a department in northwestern Guatemala. The capital is the city of San Marcos. It is on the Pacific Ocean and along the western Guatemala-Mexico border.


Jalapa Department

Jalapa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Jalapa.


Kunan Kiribati

Kunan Kiribati (also known as Teirake Kaini Kiribati (), meaning "Stand up, Kiribati"), is the national anthem of Kiribati. It was adopted in 1979 upon independence from the United Kingdom. Tamuera Ioteba Uriam wrote the lyrics (words) and composed the music of this song.

God Bless Fiji

"Meda Dau Doka" (), also known as "God Bless Fiji" in English, is the national anthem of Fiji. It was adopted in 1970 when the country got its independence from the United Kingdom.

Earlier, in 1911, American gospel writer Charles Austin Miles composed the music for the Christian hymn "Dwelling in Beulah Land" – the same melody that is being used for this song today.

The lyrics (words) were written by Michael Francis Alexander Prescott. The Fijian version and the English version are not translations of each other, and the English version is used much more commonly.

In 2008, it was suggested that this anthem should be sung in Fijian, English and Fiji Hindi – the country's official languages – all in one piece.

Mizrahi music

Mizrahi music () is a music genre in Israel that combines elements from Europe, North Africa and the Arab world, and is mainly performed by Israelis of Mizrahi descent. 

Over time fusions of Mizrahi music with other genres emerged, including oriental rock, hip hop, and pop.

Ofer Levi

Ofer Levi (; born June 17, 1964) is an Israeli singer, composer and musician. He was one of the pioneers of the Mizrahi music in the Turkish and Arabic genres.

Forest of Dean

The Forest of Dean is an area in Gloucestershire. It is in the west of the county between the River Wye, Herefordshire, the River Severn and the city of Gloucester.

Andrew Baum

Professor Andrew Baum is a British academic. He is Professor of Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford. His research focuses mainly on property finance, development and technology, property funds and international real estate investment.

In 2019, he was given the UK PropTech Association Special Achievement Award.

From 1975 to 1985, Baum was a lecturer at the University of Reading. From 1985 to 1987, he served as the Reader at the Centre for Property Valuation and Management at the City University, London. He was appointed to the Chair in Land Management at the Henley Business School, University of Reading from 1989 to 2013. He was appointed Emeritus Professor at the University of Reading in 2013.

From 2009 to 2014, he was Honorary Professor of Real Estate Investment at the University of Cambridge. In 2013, he was appointed as the Visiting Professor of Management Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford in 2013. In June 2018, Baum was appointed as Professor of Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford.









Royal Pavilion

The Royal Pavilion is a former Royal residence in the city of Brighton. Originally it was a farmhouse. It was bought by the Prince Regent who had the original building turned into a Palace. It is now a Grad I Listed building.

Ohio's 2nd congressional district

Ohio's 2nd congressional district is a district in southwest Ohio. It is currently represented by Republican Brad Wenstrup in the House of Representatives. Former representatives include Rutherford B. Hayes, who was President of the United States from 1877–1881.

Heike Beier

Heike Beier (born 3 December 1983 Berlin) is a German volleyball player .
Heike Beier started her career in Dresdner SC junior league. In 1994, she moved to VC Olympia Pirna, where she played for many years. She won several German junior championship titles. During the 2000/01 season she was active at the VC Olympia Berlin.

Beginning in 2001, she played for the women's team of the Dresdner SC and won the DVV Cup. In 2007, she won the German championship.

In 2006-07, she made her debut in the senior team under the new national coach Giovanni Guidetti.
In summer 2007 she won the European Grand Prix qualification with the women's national team and finished sixth at the European Championships in Belgium and Luxembourg.

In 2008 she moved to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza in the Italian A2 league.
In 2010 she joined the Russian club Leningradka St. Petersburg.
In January 2011, she returned to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza.
In the 2011/12 season she played for the Italian second division club Giaveno, with whom she rose to the A1 league.
In 2012/13 she played for league competitor Pomì Casalmaggiore.
In 2013, she took first place in the European League with the national team.
In 2014, she moved to the Polish league to Aluprof Bielsko-Białaand.
From 2015 to 2017, she played for Budowlani Łódź .
Beier retired in 2017.

Mount Meron

Mount Meron (, "Har Meron"; , "Jabal al-Jarmaq") is a mountain in the Upper Galilee region in the Galilee District of Israel. It is important in Jewish religious tradition and parts of it have been declared a nature reserve. At above sea level, Mount Meron is the highest peak in Israel within its internationally recognized borders, though many peaks in the Golan Heights and Mount Hermon, which was annexed by Israel in 1981, are higher. Mount Meron has the second highest precipitation in Israel after Mount Hermon.

Cholet

Cholet is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department. This is in the western part of France.

Elbert County, Georgia

Elbert County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 19,637 people lived there. The county seat is Elberton.

Elberton, Georgia

Elberton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Elbert County.

Jutiapa Department

Jutiapa Department is a department in Guatemala that borders along El Salvador and the Pacific Ocean. The capital is the city of Jutiapa. As of 2018, 488,395 people lived there.


Katie Blair

Katherine Amanda Blair (born December 29, 1987) is an American model, actress, and beauty queen. She won Miss Teen USA 2006. In 2011, she became Miss California USA. Katherine was also the first person from Montana to win a national pageant.

Katherine Blair was born on December 29, 1987, in Billings, Montana. She lived in Sugar Land, Texas for most of her life. She attended school from grades 9 to 11 at Stephen F. Austin High School. She graduated from Billings West High School in 2006. She planned to attend Louisiana State University, but did not go to college until after her reign as Miss Teen USA.

She represented Montana in the Miss Teen USA 2006 pageant held in Palm Springs, California on August 15, 2006. Blair is the first person from Montana to place in the pageant. She was crowned as the new Miss Teen USA by Allie LaForce of Ohio. Melissa Lingafelt of North Carolina was the first runner-up. Before Blair's win in the nationally televised pageant, Montana had been the only state in the competition's 23-year history to never have had a semi-finalist.

Blair's Miss Teen USA winnings included a one-year modeling contract with Trump Model Management and a scholarship to The School for Film and Television in New York City, and also a a guest appearance in the NBC soap opera "Passions".

On August 24, 2007, she passed on the Miss Teen USA title to Hilary Cruz of Colorado.
Katie spent her year as a titleholder in New York City. She lived in a Trump Place apartment with Miss Universe and Miss USA 2006, Tara Conner. During her her time as Miss Teen USA, she made several appearances to raise money for charity.

After her win, she gave interviews with media organizations, including WPIX New York and "Dayside" on Fox News. In September 2006, she returned to Billings, Montana for her official homecoming as Miss Teen USA. The city council announced the day as "Katie Blair Day" and gave her a key to the city. She crowned Chelsea Nelson, also of Billings, as the next Miss Montana Teen USA 2007.

Blair earned some distinction as the first Miss Universe Organization pageant winner to endorse YMI Jeanswear. Among other things, Katie was interviewed by Patty Lopez and Rick Dees, and participated in a billboard advertising campaign in Los Angeles and New York.

Later in her reign, however, scandal erupted when she kissed Tara Conner at a nightclub in New York. A few days later, it was discovered Katie had been drinking underage (she was not yet 21). Katie initially denied the scandal, but later admitted to the charges, a move that probably took much courage and bravery, and resulted in her nearly losing her title.

Katie was initially hesitant about entering in another pageant, because of the scandal during her time as Miss Teen USA. As she explained during a phone interview in Los Angeles, "I swore up and down I wasn't going to do a pageant again. But I wanted the opportunity to recover from my term as Miss Teen USA." Ultimately, Katie decided to enter the pageant.

Blair was originally the first runner-up at Miss California USA 2011. The winner was Alyssa Campanella, who also was Miss New Jersey Teen USA 2007. On June 25, 2011, about a week after Campanella won Miss USA 2011, Miss California USA director Keith Lewis announced Blair as the new Miss California USA 2011, effectively giving her the title.

She worked during her reign with the Make-A-Wish Foundation, along with the anti-bullying organization Love is Louder and the No H8 campaign (a silent protest in support of same-sex marriage, which was banned).

Katie has performed in one short movie, "Jukebox", where she played Edith.

She has performed four times in TV shows, including "Hell´s Kitchen" (in 2012), and "Pageant Place," from 2007-2008. However, Katie did not enjoy her experiences in "Pageant Place," which although billed as a reality TV show, actually scripted some of the dialogue. Katie explained, "It put me in quite an unpleasant light", adding "I came off as immature, disrespectful, naive, young and ignorant." Katie has also performed in "The Miss USA Teen Pageant."

Henry County, Georgia

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 240,712 people lived there. The county seat is McDonough.

Stroud (disambiguation)

Stroud is a town and civil parish in the county of Gloucestershire, England.

Stroud or Strouds may also refer to:






BT Tower (Birmingham)

The BT Tower is a telecommunications tower in Central Birmingham, England. It is tall, making it the tallest structure in the city. It used to be called the GPO Tower. It was built between 1963 and 1965.

Quiché Department

Quiché is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Santa Cruz del Quiché.


Katzelmacher

Katzelmacher is a 1969 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder (who also stars) and starring Hanna Schygulla, Harry Baer, Irm Hermann.

10 Holloway Circus

10 Holloway Circus (also called Holloway Circus Tower or Beetham Tower) is a skyscraper in Central Birmingham, England. It is tall, making it the tallest building and second-tallest structure in the city. It is also the 42nd tallest building in the United Kingdom.

Cinderford

Cinderford is a small town on the eastern edge of the Forest of Dean, England.

Absolute Beginners

Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British musical movie directed by Julien Temple and based on the novel of the same name by Colin MacInnes. It stars Eddie O'Connell, David Bowie, Patsy Kensit, James Fox, Paul Rhys, Edward Tudor-Pole, Ray Davies, Sade, Steven Berkoff, Peter-Hugo Daly, Sylvia Sims and was distributed by Palace Pictures.


Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower

The Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower (usually called Old Joe) is a clock tower in the campus of the University of Birmingham, England. It is the tallest freestanding clock tower in the world. It is either , , or tall.

Jeeves

Jeeves is a well-known children´s book series written by British author PG Wodehouse. They star Jeeves, the genius butler of Bertie Wooster, a rich, spoiled man in his twenties. The last Jeeves book, "Aunts Aren´t Gentlemen," was written in 1974. The first Jeeves book, "Extricating Young Gussie," was a short story written in 1915.

Reginald Jeeves is the butler of Bertie Wooster. He is extremely intelligent and strategic, but disagrees with Bertie on this such as clothes and furniture.

Bertie Wooster (official name Bertram Willoughby Wooster) is a carefree, wealthy young man living in London with his valet Jeeves.

Aunt Dahlia is Bertie´s ¨good aunt¨, and is quite jovial. She often jokingly insults Bertie. She also uses her chef, Anatole, as a threat for Bertie to help her when she needs it.

Madeline Bassett is (according to Bertie Wooster) a droopy girl, first mentioned in "Right Ho, Jeeves." She was formerly engaged to Bertie but is later enaged to Bertie´s friend, Gussie Fink-Nottle.

Sir Roderick is a forceful personality. He is a nerve specialist (or, as Wooster calls him, the loony doctor) and the father of Honoria Glossop, to whom Bertie was once engaged. Bertie and Sir Roderick are often att odds, but following the events of "Thank You, Jeeves," become good friends.


The Jeeves books were well-received. 
Below is a list of both the Jeeves short stories, as well as images from them. 


Coleford, Gloucestershire

Coleford is a market town in the west of the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire.

Mohammad Reza Rezaei Kouchi

Mohammad Reza Rezaei Kouchi (; born 23 September 1971) is an Iranian politician who represents Jahrom in the Islamic Consultative Assembly since 2008. He is the head of the civil commission of the parliament.

Querelle

Querelle is a 1982 West German–French drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and based on the 1947 novel by Jean Genet. It stars Brad Davis, Franco Nero, Jeanne Moreau, Laurent Malet, Axel Bauer, Roger Fritz and was distributed by Gaumont.

The First Day

The First Day () is a 1971 Austrian drama movie directed by Herbert Holba and starring Ariane Niehoff, Olga Felber, Heinz Herki, Karlheinz Hayek.

Oro, Plata, Mata

Oro, Plata, Mata is a 1982 Filipino World War II drama movie directed by Peque Gallaga and starring Cherie Gil, Sandy Andolong, Liza Lorena, Ronnie Lazaro, Joel Torre, Jaime Fabregas. It was distributed by ABS-CBN Corporation.

Tony Scannell

Tony Scannell (14 August 1945 – 26 May 2020) was an Irish actor. He was best known for playing DS Ted Roach in "The Bill" and appeared in the 1980 movie "Flash Gordon". He was declared bankrupt in 2002. He was a Freemason.

Scannell died on 26 May 2020 aged 74 from unknown causes.

McDonough, Georgia

McDonough is a city in Henry County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area. Its population was 29,051 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Henry County.

Barbara (singer)

Monique Andrée Serf (9 June 1930 – 24 November 1997) was a French pop singer-songwriter and actress. She took her stage name, Barbara, from her grandmother. Her song "L'Aigle noir" sold 1 million copies in twelve hours.

In 1971, she co-starred with Jacques Brel in "Franz".

Barbara, who smoked many times, died of respiratory failure.


First Name: Carmen

First Name: Carmen is a 1983 French Swiss crime movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and loosely based on the Bizet's opera "Carmen". It stars Maruschka Detmers, Jacques Bonnaffé, Myriem Roussel, Hippolyte Girardot.

M. P. Veerendra Kumar

M. P. Veerendra Kumar (22 July 1936 – 28 May 2020) was an Indian politician, writer and journalist. He was a Member of Parliament for Lok Sabha from 1996 to 1998 and again from 2004 to 2009. He was also a member of Rajya Sabha from 2016 to 2017 and again from 2019 to 2020. He was a member of the Loktantrik Janata Dal political party.

He was also the chairman and managing director of the Malayalam daily newspaper "Mathrubhumi". 

Kumer died of cardiac arrest at a hospital in Calicut, India on 28 May 2020, aged 83.

Claude Goasguen

Claude Goasguen (12 March 1945 – 28 May 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly for Paris from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1997 until his death in 2020. He was a member of The Republicans.

For a short time, he was Minister of Reform of the State, Decentralisation and Citizenship in 1995 under Prime Minister Alain Juppé.

Goasguen died on 28 May 2020 in Issy-les-Moulineaux, France from COVID-19, aged 75.

Issy-les-Moulineaux

Issy-les-Moulineaux () is a commune in the southwestern suburban area of Paris, France, lying on the left bank of the river Seine. It is one of Paris' entrances and is located from Notre-Dame Church.

The city welcomes headquarters of major companies such as Coca-Cola France, Microsoft France, France 24, Jet Solidaire, Sodexo.


Guy Bedos

Guy Bedos (15 June 1934 – 28 May 2020) was a French actor and comedian. He was born in Algiers. He was best known for his roles in "Sweet and Sour", "Pardon Mon Affaire, Too!" and "All Together". He was also famous for his left-wing political support and he had supported politicians such as François Mitterrand.

Bedos died on 28 May 2020 in Paris of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 85.

University of California, Merced

The University of California, Merced (UC Merced) is a public research university in Merced, California. It is the newest campus of the University of California. The university has 8,847 undergraduate students and 686 graduate students.

On May 19, 1988, the Regents of the University of California voted to begin planning to place a campus in the San Joaquin Valley due to an increase in the number of students at the other campuses. On May 19, 1995, the Board of Regents chose Merced as the location for the system's tenth campus. In 2001, the university used an $11 million grant from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation to buy a 7,300 acre plot of land next to Lake Yosemite just north of Merced. This was the largest land purchase by the University of California for one of its campuses.


Al Rex

Albert Floyd Piccirilli (July 13, 1928 – May 25, 2020), also known by his stage name Al Rex, was an American bass player. He was known for playing with Bill Haley & His Comets. He started playing for them in 1949 and became known for "wild antics" on stage. He was born near Plymouth Township, Pennsylvania.

Rex died at his home in Norristown, Pennsylvania on May 25, 2020 at the age of 91.

Plymouth Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania

Plymouth Township is a township with home rule status in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 18,256 at the 2020 census. 

Henri van Zanten

Henri Carel van Zanten (March 18, 1957 – May 22, 2020) was a Dutch artist. He was born in Rotterdam.

Van Zanten started working under the Stanislavski method. His mentor was the Belgian theatre reformer Jan Decorte. Van Zanten was active from 1982 as an artist, actor and director. He was known for his street art and directing many art movies. He called himself an "omni artist". His best known work was "ʼuʼ".

Van Zanten died on May 22, 2020 in Berlin at the age of 63.

Dark Souls II

Dark Souls 2 is an action RPG made by Hidetaka Miyazaki and FromSoftware. It is the sequel to "Dark Souls". And the third sequel, titled "Dark Souls III" released in 2016.

Peter Alexander (artist)

Peter Alexander (February 27, 1939 – May 26, 2020) was an American artist. He was part of the Light and Space artistic movement in southern California in the 1960s. He was best known for his resin sculptures from the 1960s and 1970s. He was born in Los Angeles.

In 1980 he was awarded a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.

He was a longtime friend of Christopher Isherwood. A portrait of Alexander by Isherwood's former lover Don Bachardy has been seen at the Laguna Art Museum.

In October 2011, Craig Krull Gallery exhibited a survey of Alexander's work, including paintings and sculptures from 1970 to 2009. 

Irm Hermann

Irmgard Hermann (4 October 1942 – 26 May 2020) was a German actress. She was born in Munich. She was known for appearing in movies directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. She had lead roles in "The Merchant of Four Seasons" (1971) and "The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant" (1972). 

Hermann died on 26 May 2020 in Berlin, aged 77. 

Anthony James (actor)

Anthony James (born James Anthony; July 22, 1942 – May 26, 2020) was an American actor. He was known for playing villains in Western movies or television series. He was born in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. 

His movie roles include: "P.J." (1968) and "...tick...tick...tick..." (1970). He played one of the lynch mobsters in "High Plains Drifter" and appeared the horror movie "Burnt Offerings" (1976). He had roles in "Blue Thunder" (1983), " Nightmares" (1983), and "" (1991).

James died on May 26, 2020 of cancer, aged 77.

Federico García Vigil

Federico García Vigil (5 January 1941 – 27 May 2020) was a Uruguayan composer and conductor. He was the conductor of the Montevideo Philharmonic Orchestra from 1994 to 2008. He was born in Montevideo.

García Vigil died on 27 May 2020 in Montevideo, aged 79.

Battle of Huế

The Battle of Huế was a battle of the Vietnam War during the Tet Offensive. It happened between 31 January and 2 March 1968. Since Huế was part of an important route between Danang and the North Vietnam-South Vietnam border, Huế was an important target for communist Vietnamese soldiers to attack. The battle was one of the deadliest in the war. Even today, visitors to the city can see signs that the battle was fought in Huế. Some buildings that were damaged or destroyed were never fixed. Other buildings still have bullet holes left from the battle.

Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone

The Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone was the border between North Vietnam and South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. In 1954, after the Viet Minh defeated France during the First Indochina War, France gave up control of Vietnam, but France also split Vietnam in two halves. The Vietnamese DMZ would be a place where many battles would take place during the Vietnam War. After North Vietnam defeated South Vietnam at the end of the war in 1975, the Vietnamese DMZ was no more and the two countries were united into one Vietnam in 1976.

Viet Minh

The Viet Minh (also known as Vietnamese Independence League, or Việt Nam Độc Lập Đồng Minh Hội) was an Vietnamese organization who fought for Vietnam's independence from France. 

It was founded by Hồ Học Lãm in 1935 or 1936. The Indochinese Communist Party took control in 1941. It fought against Japan during World War II with help from the United States and the Republic of China. 

After World War II ended, the Viet Minh fought against France during the First Indochina War. They won the war and Vietnam was independent, but it was split into two countries, North Vietnam and South Vietnam.

Bún bò Huế

Bún bò Huế is a beef rice noodle dish from the city of Hue in Vietnam. The dish is best known for its balance of salty, spicy, and umami flavor.

The Merchant of Four Seasons

The Merchant of Four Seasons () is a 1971 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Hans Hirschmüller, Irm Hermann, Ingrid Caven, Kurt Raab, Hanna Schygulla, Walter Sedlmayr, Klaus Löwitsch. It was distributed by Tango Film.

Dancing plague of 1518

The dancing plague (or dance epidemic) of 1518 was when a massive case of dancing mania happened in Strasbourg, Alsace (now modern-day France), in the Holy Roman Empire in July 1518. Somewhere between 50 and 400 people took to dancing for days.

The outbreak began in July 1518 when a woman began to dance randomly in a street in Strasbourg. Some sources claim that, for a short time, the plague killed around fifteen people per day; however, the sources of the city of Strasbourg at the time of the events did not mention the number of deaths, or even if there were any deaths.

Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich

Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich is an American television miniseries about convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. The miniseries is based on the 2016 book of the same name by James Patterson, and co-written by John Connolly and Tim Malloy. "Filthy Rich" was released on May 27, 2020.

"Filthy Rich" tells a stories of the survivors of Jeffrey Epstein, and how he used his money and power to do these crimes.

The trailer for the first season was released on May 13, 2020.

HBO Max

HBO Max (rebranding to Max) is a subscription video on demand streaming service from WarnerMedia Entertainment. It is part of AT&T's WarnerMedia. The service was launched on May 27, 2020.

HBO Max is based on WarnerMedia's HBO premium TV service. It includes all of its programming including movies and television shows made by Warner Bros., as well as television channels that it owns such as CNN, Cartoon Network, TBS, and Turner Classic Movies (TCM).

In mid-to-late 2023, HBO Max started rebranding to the name "Max" (stylized as "max"). Many people did not like this change, and Max began losing subscribers.

New Albany, Ohio

New Albany is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio, located northeast of the state capital of Columbus. Most of the city is located in Franklin County. New Albany had a population of 10,933 in 2019. 

Les Wexner

Leslie Herbert Wexner (born September 8, 1937) is an American billionaire businessman. He is the founder and chairman emeritus of L Brands (formerly Limited Brands). He retired in February 2020.

Ghislaine Maxwell

Ghislaine Noelle Marion Maxwell ( ; born 25 December 1961) is a British former socialite and convicted sex offender. She is known as a former associate of Jeffrey Epstein. In December 2021, she was convicted of sex trafficking of a minor and conspiracy and, in June 2022, she was sentenced to 20 years in prison.

Maxwell was born in Maisons-Laffitte, Yvelines, Île-de-France. She is the youngest child of a French mother (Elisabeth Maxwell) and Czech-born British publishing tycoon Robert Maxwell. She grew up in Oxford, England. She has triple citizenship: American, British and French. She was a popular socialite in London in the 1980s. 

She moved to the United States after her father drowned in 1991, where she continued as a socialite.

Maxwell founded the ocean-advocacy group The TerraMar Project in 2012. The organization announced it was closing on 12 July 2019, a week after the sex trafficking charges brought by New York federal prosecutors against Epstein became public.

During the 1990s, Maxwell had a relationship with businessman and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. After the relationship ended, they continued their association as friends. Maxwell faced allegations of sexually trafficking underage girls for Epstein and others, charges she denied.

On 27 December 2019, "Reuters" reported that Maxwell was among those under FBI investigation for helping Epstein. Since Epstein's arrest, Maxwell has been in hiding, communicating with the courts only through her lawyers.

On 12 March 2020, she filed a lawsuit in Superior Court in the U.S. Virgin Islands against Epstein's estate seeking compensation for her legal fees.

On 2 July 2020, Maxwell was arrested by the FBI in Bradford, New Hampshire.

In 2021, she was the defendant in a trial in the lower federal court system; On December 29, she was convicted on five counts related to the sex trafficking of a child and conspiracy.

In July 2022, she appealed the verdict.

She is in jail (as of 2023).

Robert Maxwell

Ian Robert Maxwell (born Ján Ludvík Hyman Binyamin Hoch; 10 June 1923 – 5 November 1991), was a British media proprietor, Member of Parliament (MP), and fraudster. He was known for his publishing companies.

After his death, huge difference in numbers in his companies' finances were revealed, including his fraudulent actions on Mirror Group pension fund.

In 1991, his body was discovered floating in the Atlantic Ocean, having fallen overboard from his yacht. He was buried in Jerusalem.

I Am a Tuvan

"I Am a Tuvan", known in the Tuvan language as Men – Tıva Men ("Мен – Тыва Мен"), is the regional anthem of the Republic of Tuva, a federal subject of Russia located in south Siberia. It was composed by Olonbayar Gantomir with words by Bayantsagaan Oohiy. It was adopted officially by the Great Khural of Tuva on 11 August 2011 replacing the previous anthem "Tooruktuğ Dolgay Tañdım".

As Tuva is part the Russian Federation, Russian is an official language of the republic.

Male reproductive system

The male reproductive system is made up of a number of sex organs. It works in the process of human reproduction. Some organs are outside the body, some are in the pelvis. The main male sex organs are the penis and the testicles, which produce sperm. During sexual intercourse the penis delivers the sperm into a woman's vagina. The sperm can fertilize the egg cell in the woman's womb. The fertilized egg may develop into a fetus, which is often later born as a baby.

The matched system in women is the female reproductive system.

The penis is an organ that is used for urination and sexual intercourse. The urethra is a passage that runs underside of the penis. The urine and the semen are released through the urethra. When the male becomes sexually aroused, the penis becomes hard and bigger and ready for sexual intercourse. This erection occurs because the erectile tissue of the penis is filled with blood.

The scrotum is a pouch-like structure that hangs behind the penis. It holds and protects the testicles. The function of the scrotum is to keep the testicles less warm than the rest of the body.

Testicles are small ball-like organs. An adult testicle size is about 4 to 5 cm long. The testicles produce sperm cells from teenage years to old age. The sperm cells are produced in the seminiferous tubules, which are the main part of the testicles. After the sperms are produced, they are stored temporarily in the epididymis. The epididymis is covering the top of the testicle.

Testicles are also called the gonads and they are very important in sexual works. Leydig cells in the testicles produce testosterone. Testosterone cause puberty in boys and maintain the male characteristics for adult. If the testicles are removed, male characteristics are decreased. These characteristics include the beard, breaking of voice (deep voice) heavy bones (masculinity), and a constricted pelvis.

The seminal vesicles are a pair of tube-like glands or small sac-like gland found behind the bladder. The seminal vesicle produces fluid that aids in keeping sperm alive after they are finally released and stores sperms until they are ejaculated.

The prostate gland is located under the bladder. It produces a thick fluid which aids the protection and transportation of the sperms which are now referred to as the semen.

Most causes of infertility in men are a result of male reproductive system disorders. An abnormal penis may not be able to deliver the semen properly. In hypospadias or epispadias where the opening of the penis is in an abnormal position, male infertility is a possibility.

Varicocele: This is a condition characterized by enlargement, elongation and coiling of the blood vessels around the scrotum. Most times, it appears as bag of warmth in the scrotum. It is seen in 10% of normal males and 40% of males with infertility.

Drugs: Impotence in men has been found as side effects of some drugs like nitrofurantoin, antihypertensive drugs particularly the sympatholytic ones, cimetidine, cancer drugs etc.

Irradiation like X-ray, GSM etc. triggers release of free radicals and can directly halt the process of sperm formation. This is the reason behind covering the scrotum (Testes) during X-ray.

Autoimmune Antibodies: It has been found that some people have antibodies (defense chemicals) against their own sperm cells. By this interaction, the antibodies destroy the sperm cells leading to Azoospermia, oligospermia or normospermia depending on the degree of damage. This condition can be treated if diagnosed.

Liver disease: The liver is a vital organ which ensures that the male hormone (testosterone) dominates in action above female hormone, oestrogen. This it does by breaking down the oestrogen continually. However in a case of liver disease which may impair liver functions, the level of female hormone, oestrogen, increases leading to male characteristics, loss of pubic hair and impotence.

The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant

The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant () is a 1972 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and based on his own play. It stars Margit Carstensen, Irm Hermann, Hanna Schygulla, Eva Mattes, Gisela Fackeldey and was distributed by New Yorker Films. 

Tangerines

Tangerines ( "Mandarinebi", ) is a 2013 Estonian Georgian movie directed by Zaza Urushadze and starring Lembit Ulfsak, Giorgi Nakashidze, Elmo Nüganen, Mikheil Meskhi. It was distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2015.


Here Comes the Dawn

Here Comes the Down is a 1998 Georgian drama movie directed by Zaza Urushadze and starring Zura Begalishvili, Nino Koberidze. It was distributed Qartuli Pilmi.

Noored kotkad

Noored kotkad, also known as Young Eagles, is a 1927 Estonian adventure movie directed by Theodor Luts and starring Ruut Tarmo, Amalie Konsa, Aksella Luts. It was distributed by Taska Film.

Wolfram Mathematica

Wolfram Mathematica (usually called Mathematica) is a modern technical computing system made by Wolfram Research.
Today, Wolfram Mathematica is used for the following purposes: 


This system is made with the Wolfram Language (programming language named after Stephen Wolfram).

Since 1988, Wolfram Research has released the following versions of Wolfram Mathematica:


Pay Me!

Pay Me! is a 1917 American drama movie directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney, Sr., William Clifford, Dorothy Phillips, Claire Du Brey, Evelyn Selbie. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


When Lincoln Paid

When Lincoln Paid is a 1913 American drama movie directed by Francis Ford (who also stars) and starring Jack Conway, Ethel Grandin, Charles Edler. It was distributed by Mutual Film.

Seven Sinners (1925 movie)

Seven Sinners is a 1925 American mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Lewis Milestone and starring Clive Brook, Marie Prevost, Heinie Conklin, Claude Gillingwater. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Pat Kilbane

Patrick F. "Pat" Kilbane (born November 5, 1969) is an American actor, comedian, and screenwriter. He is best known for his three seasons as a cast member on "MADtv" (1997–2000), as well his memorable appearance in the 1996 ""The Bizarro Jerry"" episode of "Seinfeld", in which he played Bizarro Kramer. Kilbane's first book, "The Brain Eater's Bible: Sound Advice for the Newly Reanimated Zombie", was released on March 18, 2011. He was born in Lakewood, Ohio.


Barrow Wake

Barrow Wake is a scenic view in Gloucestershire, near Birdlip, England.

It is a beautiful area. It has been, however, subject to reports of particular anti-social use.

Barrow Wake was as the location for the music video "Wytches" by Pagan Rock Band Inkubus Sukkubus in December 1993.
Inkubus Sukkubus also released an album titled "Barrow Wake - Tales of Witchcraft & Wonder Volume 1", The Album features the title track "Barrow Wake", which is written about Barrow Wake.

Quest For Fire

Quest For Fire () is a 1981 Canadian French adventure movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Ron Perlman, Everett McGill, Rae Down Chong, Nameer El-Kadi. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won an Academy Award in 1983.


Kemp's ridley sea turtle

Kemp's ridley sea turtle ("Lepidochelys kempii"), also called the Atlantic ridley sea turtle. is the rarest species of sea turtle and is critically endangered. 

It is one of two living species in the genus "Lepidochelys" (the other one being "L. olivacea", the olive ridley sea turtle).

Oryukdo

Oryukdo is an archipelago that is southeast of the Uam Peninsula in Busan, South Korea. It is one of the symbols of Busan. 

In the order close to the land, there are six islands: Shield Island, Pine tree Island, Suri Island, Awl Island, Oyster Island, and Lighthouse Island. In the past, Shield Island and Pine tree Island, which were connected to Haesik Island, were collectively called Usakdo Island, but in 2011, they were organized under the name of the uninhabited island.

Robert Stanley Weir

Robert Stanley Weir was the Canadian author of the Canadian Anthem, O Canada.

Anan Ameri

Anan Ameri is an American museum director and writer. She won a Palestine Book Award. The Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services named her 2020 Arab American of the Year. In 2005, "The Detroit News" named her Michiganian of the Year.

She was born in Damascus. She studied at Wayne State University.

She was founding Director of the Palestine Aid Society of America. She was founding director of the Arab American National Museum.


Term limits in the United States

Term limits in the United States refers to the limits imposed on the amount of time an official may serve in a particular position.

The state of Virginia does not allow governors to serve consecutive terms, though the total amount of time as governor has no limit.

In New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wisconsin the governor can serve for an unlimited amount of time with no restriction of any kind.

In Arkansas, California, Delaware, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, and Oklahoma, the governor is limited to two terms in total (consecutive or nonconsecutive).

Governors in the following states cannot serve more than 2 consecutive terms at a time: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, and West Virginia.

In Indiana and Oregon, the governor cannot serve more than 8 out of any 12 years.

In Montana and Wyoming, the governor cannot serve more than 8 out any 16 years.

Sonic the Hedgehog (2006 video game)

"This is about the 2006 game. For the original game, check Sonic the Hedgehog (video game). For the movie, check Sonic the Hedgehog (movie). For the character, check Sonic the Hedgehog (character)."

Sonic the Hedgehog is a 3D platform video game. It was released in 2006 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Since it is similarly name to the original 16-bit game, it is commonly said as Sonic '06.

The game is considered one of the worst Sonic the Hedgehog games of all time. It is notorious for glitches and long loading times.

Charles W. Bryan

Charles Wayland Bryan (1867-1945, D-NE) was a relative of Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan and was the governor of Nebraska. He was also nominated by the Democratic Party to serve as the vice-presidential nominee in 1924.

Quetzaltenango Department

Quetzaltenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Quetzaltenango.


Retalhuleu Department

Retalhuleu is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Retalhuleu.


Bob Andras

Robert Knight "Bob" Andras (21 February 1921 – 17 November 1982) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1965 to 1980. He was a part of the Liberal Party during this time. He represented two electoral areas in Ontario. They were Port Arthur and Thunder Bay—Nipigon. Andras was from Lachine, Quebec. He moved to Port Arthur, Ontario to work in a car dealership.

As a politician, Andras was a part of the cabinet of Canada many different times. Most of the time, this was when Pierre Trudeau was the Prime Minister. He was Minister without Portfolio from 1968 to 1971, Minister of State for Urban Affairs from 1971 to 1972, the Minister of Status of Women from 1971 to 1974, Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs in 1972, Minister of Manpower and Immigration from 1972 to 1976, President of the Treasury Board from 1976 to 1978, and Minister of State for Economic Development from 1978 to 1979. For the 1980 federal election, he said he wouldn't try to be elected again.

One of the most important things Andras did was help the "Immigration Act, 1976" become a law. This was when he was the Minister of Manpower and Immigration. The law replaced the "Immigration Act of 1952". The law made sure that there was a minimum amount of immigrants Canada let in, and that immigrants would be let in without discriminating on their ethnicity, gender, or country they came from. Andras also tried to work with Jean Chrétien to help with making public policy of the First Nations people.

Andras died on 17 November 1982 in Vancouver, British Columbia. This is after he fought cancer for a year.

Stephen F. Austin High School (Fort Bend County, Texas)

Stephen F. Austin High School is a high school in Sugar Land, Texas.

Sacatepéquez Department

Sacatepéquez is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Antigua Guatemala.


Santa Rosa Department, Guatemala

Santa Rosa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Cuilapa.


Emanuel County, Georgia

Emanuel County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 22,768 people lived there. The county seat is Swainsboro.

Aberdeen, Mississippi

Aberdeen is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Monroe County.

Ackerman, Mississippi

Ackerman is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Choctaw County.

Ashland, Mississippi

Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Benton County.

Pirates (1986 movie)

Pirates is a 1986 French-Tunisian adventure comedy movie directed by Roman Polanski and starring Walter Matthau, Charlotte Lewis, Roy Kinnear, Roger Ashton-Griffiths, Damien Thomas, Olu Jacobs, Ferdy Mayne. It was distributed by Cannon Films and was a box office bomb. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.


Heidenlöcher

Heidenlöcher is a 1986 Austrian–West German drama movie directed by Wolfram Paulus. It starring Albert Paulus, Rolf Zacher, Florian Pircher, Helmut Vogel, Matthias Aichhorn.

Elizabeth Fitzgerald Stemke

Elizabeth Fitzgerald Stemke (born July 15, 1980) is an American volleyball player and coach.
She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team. 
She participated at the 2002 Women's Volleyball World Championships and 2003 Pan-American Games.

She graduated from University of Wisconsin. She coached for University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

Hugh Parmer

Hugh Quay Parmer (August 3, 1939 – May 27, 2020) was an American lawyer, businessman and Democratic politician. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1963 to 1965. He was later a member of the Texas Senate from 1983 to 1991. Between 1977 to 1979, he was Mayor of Fort Worth, Texas.

Parmer died in Fort Worth on May 27, 2020 at the age of 80.

George Floyd protests

The George Floyd protests were a series of protests and riots that started in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area, Minnesota, United States. Unrest began in Minneapolis on May 26, 2020, after the murder of George Floyd and continued until early 2022. Floyd died while being arrested by officers of the Minneapolis Police Department on May 25. Protests spread to many cities in the United States, and later the world.

Some of the protesters at the police's Third Precinct building fought with law enforcement officers, who fired tear gas and rubber bullets. Additionally, the Third Precinct's windows were smashed. A supermarket was looted, and other buildings were attacked and set on fire. At least thirteen people were killed because of the protests, but overall, most of the protests were peaceful. According to a September 2020 report by the U.S. Crisis Monitor, almost 95% of all protests were nonviolent.

On May 28, Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey declared a state of emergency, and Governor of Minnesota Tim Walz called in 500 Minnesota National Guard troops. More businesses across the Twin Cities were damaged and looted. 

The police in the Third Precinct building attempted to hold off the protesters with tear gas, but around 11:00 pm, protesters overran the building and set it on fire. It had been evacuated. 

Both Walz and Frey started curfews. Former U.S. President Donald Trump assured Walz of U.S. military support.

The activist group Black Lives Matter was involved in the protests. They do not have one leader or one organization.

There were many attacks on journalists, both in the Twin Cities and at other protests.

The George Floyd protests took place in the spring and early summer of 2020, shortly after the number of deaths from coronavirus disease 2019 in the United States reached 100,000. The COVID-19 pandemic had already affected black and other non-white Americans more than white Americans. Experts said that the protesters might spread the virus to each other.

Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo said on Saturday, May 30: "You have a right to demonstrate. You have the right to protest. God bless America. You don't have a right to infect other people. You don't have a right to act in a way that's going to jeopardize public health. You can have an opinion but there are also facts, and you're wrong not to wear a mask."

Some experts said the COVID-19 pandemic helped cause the George Floyd protests and made them larger. Scholar Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith of the Yale School of Medicine said, "They are protesting against police brutality and excessive force, no question, but they're also protesting for the ability to live their lives fully and completely, and to not have their lives cut short, either by force or preventable diseases."

Experts thought that the George Floyd protests would cause more people to catch COVID-19. In the United States, however, that did not happen. Scientists said this could have been because the number of cases in large cities like New York was already going down, because the protests took place outside, because the protesters mostly wore masks, or because the protesters usually kept moving by walking or marching. Other experts said that because most of the protesters were young, healthy adults, perhaps they did catch COVID-19 and had not noticed.

There were sister protests in all 50 of the United States and in the capital, Washington, D.C. Some of the protests were peaceful and others had violence and looting. The National Guard moved out into more than 25 of the 50 states.

Many early protests were peaceful while some later turned violent. In some places, police remained calm, and in others they used force, tear gas, and rubber bullets. In Washington, D.C. one man let more than 50 protesters come into his house so they could escape from the police who were chasing them. Two weeks into the protests, 9300 people had been arrested in the United States, including 1500 in New York and 2700 in Los Angeles. 

In Newark, New Jersey, 12,000 people protested over the weekend of May 31. No one damaged any stores and no one was arrested. The Newark Community Street Team, formed in 2014, worked to prevent violence. Newark city leaders said that the young black Americans among the protesters were the reason the protest stayed peaceful. Camden, New Jersey and Flint, Michigan also had peaceful protests.

Protesters outside the White House, the building in Washington, D.C. where the president lives, called for Trump to resign. Some threw bottles. The United States Secret Service took Trump to a bunker in the White House. On Monday, June 1, the Secret Service used tear gas on peaceful protesters outside the White House so Trump could walk to St. John's Church and have his picture taken with a Bible.

On the weekend of June 6-7, protests in the United States were even bigger but mostly peaceful, according to "The New York Times", and the protesters were more unified in what they wanted: police reform. There were tens of thousands of protesters in large cities like New York and Seattle and also protests in smaller towns like Marion, Ohio and Vidor, Texas. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced on Sunday morning that New York City was stopping its 8:00 p.m. curfew.

The activist group Black Lives Matter sued the police department of Seattle, Washington on Tuesday June 9. That evening, protesters took over Seattle's city hall for about one hour. The protesters left city hall on their own (no one pushed them out). Protesters took over part of downtown Seattle, calling it the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. At some point in June, there were four shootings in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. On July 1, city officials sent the police to clear the protesters out. They arrested 13 people.

The Georgia NAACP planned a March on Georgia for June 15. Thousands of people marched to the Georgia state capitol building to stop police brutality. The marchers also said they were marching because Georgia had made it harder for black people to vote by closing so many voting places that the ones that were left had very long lines, because they think Georgia's citizens' arrest laws are unfair, and because of the killings of Rayshard Brooks, Breonna Taylor and Ahmaud Arbery.

In New York City, a group called Street Riders NYC organized bicycle riders to ride through the city chanting "Whose streets? Our streets!" "Say his name: George Floyd," and other slogans. Bicycle protests could have thousands of people, often riding through parts of the city where protesters do not usually go. One of Street Riders NYC's founders, Peter Kerre, told the "New York Times", "We went deep, deep into the hood, places where these folks have never seen a march come through, and suddenly they're seeing 6,000 bikes. The reaction was just priceless, folks crying out with gratitude, coming out to say 'Thank you.'"

In late June, protesters came to City Hall Park in New York City and built a camp there with a welcome desk, library, tea hut, and kitchens. They were led by the group Vocal-NY. They demanded that the city remove US$1 billion from the city's police department's $6 billion budget and spend it on education and other things. New York City decides on its yearly budget on July 1.

As of June 4, journalists covering the protests were attacked more than 300 times, 192 of them by the police, including 69 physical attacks. 49 journalists were arrested.

On the morning of May 28, white Minneapolis police officers arrested Omar Jimenez, a reporter for CNN, and his crew while they were filming the protests. Jiminez is black. He told the officers that he and his crew were journalists and offered to move further away, but the officers arrested them anyway. They were released later that day. Walz apologized to CNN, and said publicly that Jiminez and his crew had only been doing their jobs and acting within their rights. A white CNN reporter who had been working a block away from Jiminez noted that he had not been bothered by the police, only asked who he was.

In Minneapolis several people were injured. In Washington, D.C., Amelia Brace and Tim Myers of 7News Australia were with the protesters who were pushed away so Donald Trump could walk to St. John's Church.

Sometimes protesters attacked journalists. In Washington D.C., protesters threw things at journalists from Fox News. In Atlanta, someone attacked CNN headquarters.

Suzanne Nossel of the human rights group PEN America blamed President Trump, who has said bad things about journalists since before he was elected. Human rights lawyer Tendai Biti said it reminded him of dictatorships in Africa.

According to a report written by the U.S. Crisis Monitor, Armed Conflict Location and Event Data Project (ACLED), and the Bridging Divides Initiative of Princeton University, almost 95% of the protests were peaceful. They studied 10,600 protests between late May and late August and found that 10,100 had no violence. Only 570 protests had any violent acts. In cities where some protests were violent, it tended to happen in one or a few places and not through the whole city. Out of all protests connected to Black Lives Matter, 93% had no violence.

There were also protests outside the United States, in London, Toronto, Beijing, Berlin, Addis Ababa, and other places. Some of these international protesters said they wanted to support George Floyd but also bring attention to the racist actions by police in their own countries. In Toronto, protesters remembered the death of Regis Korchinski-Paquet, a black woman who fell out of her balcony when the police were in her apartment. Londoners protested outside the Grenfell Tower where many blacks and Arabs died in a fire. Parisians remembered Adama Traoré, who died after being arrested by French police. Australians planned protests remembering David Dungay, an Australian Aboriginal man who died after being arrested. Dungay also said "I can't breathe," twelve times. Some protesters have told their own leaders that they want new laws against racism.

At least one white supremacist group, Identity Evropa, pretended to be on the protesters' side on Twitter. They said they were part of antifa and told protesters to loot white neighborhoods. They were caught, and Twitter took their posts down for breaking their rules about violence, spam, and fake accounts.

As of the first week of July, drivers drove cars into groups of protesters 66 different times in the United States alone. Seven of the drivers were police. At least two people died. 24 drivers have been charged with crimes.

In mid-July in Portland, Oregon, federal agents began arresting protesters by pulling them into vehicles that did not have police markings on them. They did not tell the protesters exactly why they were being arrested. Some protesters were later charged with crimes and others were released.

These agents were from the federal government. Some of them were from Special Operations Group and Customs and Border Protection’s BORTAC. Legally, federal agents are only allowed to arrest people on suspicion of federal crimes. Officially, they are only supposed to protect property that belongs to the U.S. federal government, but they arrested people who were not near federal property. They did not ask the State of Oregon or the City of Portland for permission to arrest people in Portland. The mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, said he did not want the federal agents in the city. Governor of Oregon Kate Brown said it was "political theater from President Trump has nothing to do with public safety" and "a blatant abuse of power by the federal government."

On July 18, Navy Seabee veteran Christopher David heard about the arrests and went to downtown Portland to talk to the agents. Federal agents take an oath to defend the United States Constitution. David wanted to ask the agents how they could wrongly arrest people and defend the Constitution. Instead of answering him, they sprayed him with pepper spray and hit him with batons. They broke his leg. The event was caught on video.

On the night of July 22-23, protesters in Portland came to a federal building and threw fireworks over the fence. Federal agents used tear gas on the crowd. They also tear-gassed Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler, who had come out to talk to the protesters.

In Brooklyn, New York, video showed an officer pushing a seventy-year-old man. The man fell down and bled from his head. The officer, Vincent D'Andraia, had also hurt other protesters. He was suspended and charged with assault. D'Andraia was the first New York City police officer charged with a crime because of things he did during the George Floyd protests.

In Seattle, Washington, 31 year old Nikolas Fernandez drove his car into a group of protesters and shot a man. He said he was afraid for his life because the protesters tried to grab him through his window. Firefighters took the injured man to the hospital.

In Richmond, Virginia on Sunday, June 7, 36 year old Harry H. Rogers drove his car into a group of protesters. Rogers is a member of the Ku Klux Klan, a white supremacist group. Authorities charged Rogers with attempted malicious wounding, felony vandalism, and assault and battery and the prosecutor said she would consider charging him with a hate crime.

In Chicago, Illinois on Monday, August 10, people broke windows and stole things in the Magnificent Mile, which is Chicago's main shopping area. Many people were injured. More than 100 people were arrested. The city raised the bridges leading to the Magnificent Mile and stopped public transit so no one else could go in. Mayor of Chicago Lori Lightfoot said that Chicago did not need Federal agents.

People donated money to black-led political groups, especially bail funds. Bail funds provide money to help people who have been arrested get out of jail before their trials. The National Bail Fund Network got $75 million in two weeks. The Minnesota Freedom Fund got $20 million in four days. The Bail Project got more than $15 million. There was so much that some groups could not count it all. Black Lives Matter got $5 million from one petition alone. Some groups received so much money that they did not need more and told donors to go to other groups.

As of June 9, 2020, nineteen people had died because of the protests:

According to Pew Research, two thirds of American adults thought the protests were good: 60% of white adults, 86% of black adults, 75% of Asian adults and 77% of Hispanic adults.

Some said the Floyd protests showed America was losing its place as a leader of other countries. French journalist Pierre Haski said on June 1, "Beijing could not have hoped for a better gift. The country that designates China as the culprit of all evils is making headlines around the world with the urban riots."

Governor of Minnesota Tim Walz wanted change: "It is time to rebuild. Rebuild the city, rebuild our justice system, and rebuild the relationship between law enforcement and those they're charged to protect. George Floyd's death should lead to justice and systemic change, not more death and destruction."

On June 2, 2020, Governor Walz said the Minnesota Department of Human Rights would investigate the Minneapolis Police Department. Governor Walz said, "The investigation will review MPD's policies, procedures and practices over the last 10 years to determine if the department has utilized systemic discriminatory practices towards people of color."

Human Rights Commissioner Rebecca Lucero said the Department could have the results of its report in "several months."

President Donald Trump spoke about his sympathy for George Floyd and his family, but also called the protesters "thugs" and said "when the looting starts, the shooting starts." Twitter hid the post because it broke their rules about presenting violence as good. Trump blamed the protests on "weak" Democratic mayors and governors and on the anti-fascist movement antifa, saying he would declare it a terrorist organization.

Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, a black Republican, called Trump's tweets "not constructive."

On June 1, Trump told the cities and states with protests that they must stop the trouble or else he would send the military to do it. The law that allows Trump to do this, the Insurrection Act of 1807, was last used in 1992 for the Rodney King riots in Los Angeles.

Also on June 1, just before 7:00 p.m., when people had been ordered to stay off the street, police and Secret Service fired flash-bangs and tear gas at protesters near the White House. They did this to make the protesters leave St. John's Church. Then President Trump walked to St. John's Church, held up a Bible, and had his picture taken. Bishop Mariann E. Budde, the Episcopal religious leader for Washington D.C., said Trump did not say any prayers or talk about George Floyd. The next day, several Democrats and two Republicans said Trump was wrong to do this. Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican, said. "But there is a fundamental — a constitutional — right to protest, and I'm against clearing out a peaceful protest for a photo op that treats the word of God as a political prop."

Officials from the Minneapolis announced on June 5 that the police were no longer allowed to use chokeholds on people. On June 7, the city council voted to take apart the police department and replace it with something else.

The Minnesota state legislature tried to write a new law that would redesign all police departments in Minnesota. In 2020, Minnesota's state legislature is the only one in the United States in which one political party controls one house and the other party controls the other. The United States Democratic Party has the majority of people in the Minnesota House of Representatives and the United States Republican Party has the majority of people in the Minnesota State Senate. The Democrats wanted large changes to policing and the criminal justice system in Minnesota, like letting the state attorney general investigate police killings and restoring voting rights to felons. The Republicans wanted small changes, like making a rule against using chokeholds like the one Chauvin used to kill George Floyd. Democrats said they did not like the Republican plan because it was mostly things that police departments had already tried. At midnight on Friday June 19, the Minnesota state legislature ran out of time. Their session ended, and neither plan became law.

Many American cities and states removed statues of Confederate soldiers and officers during the George Floyd protests. Sometimes the protesters pulled the statues down and sometimes the city councils decided to remove them. On June 5, the United States Marine Corps announced they would not allow Confederate flags at their bases. The Confederates were the pro-slavery side of the American Civil War in the 1800s. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Confederate statues and flags support white supremacy. Protesters also damaged or pulled down statues of Christopher Columbus in at least seven cities, including Miami, Boston, Baltimore, Maryland, Richmond, Virginia and Columbus, Ohio. 

Universities renamed buildings. Columbia University's medical school was founded by Samuel Bard, a doctor who knew George Washington. He also owned slaves. In 1931, Columbia named a dormitory building, Bard Hall, after him. Columbia's Teacher's College took the name Edward L. Thorndike off a building. Thorndike had hated Jews and supported sexism and eugenics. Princeton University renamed Wilson College because the man it was named after, President Woodrow Wilson, had racist policies.

In June, the United States Senate ordered the military to change the names of all military bases named after Confederates, such as Fort Bragg. They have three years to pick new names.

In Bristol, England on the 7th of June, a crowd pushed down a statue of slave trader Edward Colston and threw it in the harbor. On July 15, people put up a statue of Jen Ried, a Black Lives Matter protester. The next day, the government of the city took the statue down because no one had asked for permission to put it up. The city officials took the statue to a museum. The statue is called "A Surge of Power (Jen Reid)" and was made by Marc Quinn.

Yogesh (lyricist)

Yogesh Gaur, commonly credited as Yogesh, (March 19, 1943 – May 29, 2020) was an Indian writer and lyricist. He worked in Bollywood and was best known for composing the music scores for "Anand. 

Yogesh died on May 29, 2020 in Mumbai at the age of 77.


Ernest W. Gibson III

Ernest W. Gibson III (September 23, 1927 – May 17, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. Gibson was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1961 to 1963. He was an Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court from 1983 to 1997. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Gibson was born in Brattleboro, Vermont. His father was Governor Ernest W. Gibson Jr.. His grandfather was United States Senator Ernest Willard Gibson. 

Gibson died at his home in Northfield, Vermont on May 17, 2020 at the age of 92.

Northfield, Vermont

Northfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States. It has the village of Northfield, where over half of the population lives. The town's total population was 5,918 at the 2020 census.

Northfield (village), Vermont

Northfield was a village in the town of Northfield in Washington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,101 at the 2010 census.

In 2014, the village merged with the town.

Ernest W. Gibson Jr.

Ernest William Gibson Jr. (March 6, 1901 – November 4, 1969) was an American politician, lawyer and judge. From 1940 to 1941, he was made United States Senator after the death of his father Ernest Willard Gibson. From 1947 to 1950, he was Governor of Vermont. In 1949, President Harry S. Truman made him Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Vermont.

Gibson died in Brattleboro, Vermont on November 4, 1969 at the age of 68. 

Ernest Willard Gibson

Ernest Willard Gibson (December 29, 1872June 20, 1940) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont between 1923 and 1933. He was a United States Senator from 1933 until his death in 1940. His son, Ernest W. Gibson Jr. replaced him.


Londonderry, Vermont

Londonderry is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. It is bounded on the north by Landgrove and Weston. The population was 1,919 in the 2020 census.
Londonderry also includes the village of South Londonderry.

Gracia Barrios

Gracia Barrios Rivadeneira (27 June 1927 – 28 May 2020) was a Chilean painter. She was born in Santiago de Chile. She was the winner of the 2011 National Prize for Plastic Arts. Her husband, José Balmes, was also an artist.

After the 1973 Chilean coup d'état, the artist went into exile in France along with her husband and daughter.

Her works "human activity in everyday life". Some of the themes she tackled in her paintings were war, indigence, and exile. In addition to using oil and acrylic paints, she experimented with natural elements such as earth and clay.

Barrios died on 28 May 2020 from lung disease at a hospital in Santiago, aged 92.

José Balmes

José Balmes Parramón (20 January 1927 – 28 August 2016) was a Spanish-born Chilean. He received Chile's National Prize for Plastic Arts in 1999. He was the husband of artist Gracia Barrios. He was born in Montesquiu, Spain. 

Balmes died on 28 August 2016 at a hospital in Santiago de Chile from pneumonia-related problems, aged 89.

Charlie Monttana

Carlos César Sánchez Hernández (November 6, 1961 – May 28, 2020), known professionally as Charlie Monttana, was a Mexican rock urbano musician and singer-songwriter. He was born in Mexico City. 

Sánchez began his career as a singer in Mexico City's rock urbano scene in the 1980s. After that invited by Rodolfo León "León Vago" he joined Vago. In 1987 he was invited by musician Toshiro Midori to be the vocalist of Mara. In 1989 he separated from Mara.

In 1992 Monttana launched his solo career releasing hits such as "Vaquero Rocanrolero" (Rock And Roll Cowboy), "Por Qué El Amor Apesta" ("Why Love Stinks") and "Mi Terrible Soledad" ("My Terrible Loneliness"), among others. He was also a philanthropist.

Monttana died of a heart attack caused by a heatstroke on May 28, 2020 at the age of 58.

Kay Granger

Norvell Kay Granger (; born January 18, 1943) is an American Republican politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives since 1997. She was elected as Fort Worth's first female mayor in 1991.


Springtown, Texas

Springtown is a town in Parker County and Wise, Texas, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of Springtown was 3,064.

Ajit Jogi

Ajit Pramod Kumar Jogi (29 April 1946 29 May 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Janta Congress Chhattisgarh (INC) political party. He was born in present-day Chhattisgarh, India.

Jogi was a member of Parliament of India from 1998 to 1999 and again from 2004 to 2008. He was the first Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh from 2000 to 2003. 

Jogi died of cardiac arrest after choking on food on 29 May 2020 in Raipur, India at the age of 74.

Choking

Choking happens when breathing is made difficult. It happens when the windpipe is blocked. 

In some cases the air flow is completely blocked, in other cases some amount of air can pass to the lungs. Insufficient oxygen being delivered to the body will result in oxygen deprivation. 

Although oxygen stored in the blood and lungs can keep a person alive for several minutes after breathing stops. 


Sudlersville, Maryland

Sudlersville is a town in the far northeastern corner of Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States. The ZIP code is 21668 and the area code is 410. The population was 507 at the 2020 census.

Centreville, Maryland

Centreville is an incorporated town in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States on the Delmarva Peninsula. It is the county seat of Queen Anne's County. The population was 4,727 at the 2020 census.

Bob Kulick

Robert Joel Kulick (January 16, 1950 – May 28, 2020) was an American rock/pop/jazz guitarist and record producer. He was born in New York City. He was best known for his studio work with Kiss and for his works with W.A.S.P.

Kulick died on May 28, 2020 in Las Vegas at the age of 70.


Jerzy Pilch

Jerzy Pilch (; 10 August 1952 – 29 May 2020) was a Polish novelist, columnist, and journalist. He was born in Wisła, Poland. In 1989, he won the Kościelski Award for his debut novel "Wyznania twórcy pokątnej literatury erotycznej" ("Confessions of an author of illicit erotic literature"). Pilch's second novel, "Spis cudzołożnic" ("List of Adulteresses", 1993) was made into a movie in 1995. 

Pilch's most successful book so far is his fourth novel "Pod Mocnym Aniołem" ("The Mighty Angel", 2000), a satirical take on the "drinking novel" genre, which was awarded a Nike Award.

Pilch died on 29 May 2020 in Kielce, Poland of problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 67.

Without a Trace (movie)

Without a Trace is a 1983 American drama movie directed by Stanley R. Jaffe and based on the novel "Still Missing" by Beth Gutcheon. It stars Kate Nelligan, Judd Hirsch, David Dukes, Stockard Channing, Danny Corkill and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Alfred Kolleritsch

Alfred Kolleritsch (16 February 1931 – 29 May 2020) was an Austrian journalist, poet and philosopher. He was born in Eichfeld, Austria. He was the founder of the literary magazine "manuscripts". He was the President of the Forum Stadtpark, a cultural center in Graz. 

Kolleritsch died on 29 May 2020 in Graz, aged 89.

Roosevelt Taylor

Roosevelt "Rosey" Taylor (July 4, 1937May 29, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a safety. He played for the Chicago Bears, San Francisco 49ers, and Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). His career lasted between 1961 and 1972.

Taylor was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He played college football at Grambling State University. Taylor died on May 29, 2020 at the age of 82.

L'Argent (1983 movie)

L'Argent (, meaning "Money") is a 1983 French Swiss drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and is loosely based on the first part of Leo Tolstoy's novella "The Forged Coupon". It stars Christian Patey, Vincent Risterucci, Caroline Lang, Sylvie Van Den Elsen and was distributed by MK2 Diffusion.


At the 1983 Cannes Film Festival, Bresson tied with Andrei Tarkovsky and received the Director's Prize. was also nominated for Best Sound at the César Awards 1984. It also won the 1984 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director.
for "Nostalghia".

Blame It on Rio

Blame It on Rio is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Stanley Donen and is based on the 1977 remake of the French movie "Un moment d'égarement". It stars Michael Caine, Joseph Bolonga, Michelle Johnson, Demi Moore, Valerie Harper and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Tickling game

Tickling games are interpersonal or social activities involving the tickling of one person by another. Some people find tickling to not only be a pleasurable experience, but also an erotic one. They may be sexually excited by being tickled or by tickling another person, some people like being tickled on their genitals, their waist, their feet, their armpits, their anus, or their breasts while others prefer to tickle and some like doing both an example of a tickle game is asking a guy to adjust your bra so it leaves him open to a tickle attack on the armpits and waist while also making him think about your boobs. Some engage in tickling games as part of a social act.

Consensual tickling can be regarded as a form of physical intimacy as it involves the touching of one person's body by another. It could serve as a bonding experience between friends, or a simple act of familiarity and trust. Between adults, it sometimes functions as an outlet for sexual energy, with erotic games, foreplay and sex being the primary methods of doing such.


The Vindicator (movie)

The Vindicator (also known as Frankenstein '88 and known in Brazil as Roboman) is a 1986 Canadian science fiction thriller movie directed by Jean-Claude Lord and starring Richard Cox, David McIlwraith, Teri Austin, Pam Grier, Maury Chaykin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Beverly Hills Madam

Beverly Hills Madam (also known as Ladies of the Night) is a 1986 American television drama movie directed by Harvey Hart and starring Faye Dunaway, Melody Anderson, Donna Dixon, Terry Farrell, Louis Jourdan, Seymour Cassel. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


The Light at the Edge of the World

The Light at the Edge of the World is a 1971 American Spanish Liechtenstein adventure movie directed by Kevin Billington and stars Yul Brynner, Kirk Douglas, Samantha Eggar, Jean-Claude Drouot, Fernando Rey, Tito García. It was distributed by National General Pictures.

INTLAB

INTLAB (INTerval LABoratory) is an interval arithmetic library using MATLAB. It is available in Windows and Linux, macOS. It was developed by S.M. Rump from Hamburg University of Technology. INTLAB was used to develop other MATLAB-based libraries such as VERSOFT and INTSOLVER. It was also used to solve some problems in the Hundred-dollar, Hundred-digit Challenge problems.


INTLAB can help users to solve the following mathematical/numerical problems with interval arithmetic.

INTLAB is based on the previous studies of the main author, including his works with co-authors.

Lemon Popsicle

Lemon Popsicle (Israeli: Eskimo Limon, ) is a 1978 Israeli West German comedy movie directed by Boaz Davidson and starring Anat Atzmon, Zachi Noy, Jonathan Sagall, Yftach Katzur. Its success led to a series of sequels and a 1982 remake "The Last American Virgin".

Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies

Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies is a 1973 American adventure comedy movie directed by John Erman and starring Cliff Robertson, Pamela Franklin, Bernadette Peters, Rosemary Murphy, Eric Shea. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Minneapolis Police Department

The Minneapolis Police Department (MPD) is the police department in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was formed in 1867, making it the second-oldest police department in Minnesota. The Saint Paul Police Department is the oldest, formed in 1854. The department has four precincts with over 800 officers and 300 other employees. The department did get national attention from the murder of George Floyd.

Patrick van Aanholt

Patrick John Miguel van Aanholt (born 29 August 1990) is a Dutch footballer. He currently plays for Dutch club PSV Eindhoven on loan from Turkish club Galatasaray. He also plays for the Netherlands national football team. He is a left back (defender). He started his career at FC Den Bosch in their academy, a team for their very young players. He has also played for Chelsea, Coventry City, Newcastle United, Leicester City, Wigan Athletic, Vitesse, Sunderland and Crystal Palace.

PSV Eindhoven

Alphablocks

Alphablocks is a British animated television programme for preschoolers that started on CBeebies on 25 January 2010. The programme was created by Joe Elliot and produced by Alphablocks Ltd with Blue Zoo. It was commissioned by the British Broadcasting Corporation. 

The show follows the Alphablocks, characters made of blocks who represent each letter of the alphabet. They live in a fictional planet called Alphaland and go on adventures relating to words.




Run (cricket)

There are many versions of cricket. In general, cricket uses runs for scoring. In most cases, the team with the most runs wins the game. One run 
(known as a "single") can be scored after the bowler, who is in one batsman's ground, has thrown the ball to the batsman in the other ground. That batsman (known as the "striker") can hit the ball away from the fielders. Both the striker and the non-striker then run the length of the pitch, while running to the other ground. They will cross each other. To complete a run, both batsmen must "make their ground", meaning some part of their person or held bat touches the ground behind the crease (line) at the other end of the pitch. If the wicket in either ground is knocked off by a fielder with the ball when no batsman is in that ground, then the ball becomes dead and one of the batsmen (usually the one nearest to that ground) is run out of the game for the rest of the innings.

The batsman is given four runs if the ball rolls along the ground and hits the boundary. They are given six runs if the ball crosses the boundary while in the air and then touches the ground, similar to a home run in baseball.

When it takes longer to recover the ball, the batsmen may run several times and score many runs.

The total score is gotten by adding up all runs.

Extras (also sometimes called "sundries") are runs that are scored when the batsman did not hit the ball. This can happen because of an illegal throw by the bowler, or because the fielders did not stop the ball. 

A runner is a player who runs in order to score runs because one of the batsmen on the field is injured and can not run; that batsman will bat, while the runner is treated as doing the running for the batsman. Both the runner and the injured batsman can be run out; that is, if one of the pair is in a batsman's ground but the other is not, then running out the unsafe player is treated as running out both players. Runners have been banned in international cricket since 2011.

Hatchback

A hatchback is a car body style with a rear door that swings upward to provide access to a cargo area. Indeed, this rear door that opens upwards is a distinguishing feature of all hatchbacks. Most hatchbacks use a two-box design body style, where the cargo area (trunk/boot) and passenger areas are a single unit. The rear seats can often be folded down to increase the available cargo area. The body style has been marketed worldwide on cars ranging in size from superminis to small family cars, as well as executive cars and some sports cars. It is useful for short journeys and for a medium amount of luggage (like in SUVs, minivans, station wagons, and passenger vans).

Sofiene Chaari

Sofiene Chaari (; born July 31, 1962 – August 22, 2011) was a Tunisian actor who is famous for his role of Sbouï in the sitcom "Choufli Hal". On television, he plays in the series Mnamet Aroussia, Chez Azaïez, and Loutil. In 2005, he obtained the role of Sboui in the television series Choufli Hal, a role which made him popular with the Tunisian public. He plays there alongside Mouna Noureddine and Kamel Touati. 

He also hosts a children's program, the Sofiane show, broadcast on national television.





















Surround sound

Surround sound is the name of a number of technologies for sound reproduction. At the start, sound was reproduced using a single channel (called mono), later there were two channels, left and right (called stereo). Surround sound extends this idea, by adding more channels. There are speakers that surround the listener. The speakers are grouped, and each group has its own channel. There are different setups ranging from 2 or 3 speakers/channels in the front, and two in the back, up to a setup with 24 speakers (known as 22.2)

With surround sound, channels are treated differently, to be able to create special sound effects. In classical theatres, surround sound is not used; they may also have different speaker with different channels, but all channels are treated the same.

The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing

The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing is a 1973 American romantic western movie directed by Richard C. Sarafian and based on the novel of the same name by Marilyn Durham. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sarah Miles, Lee J. Cobb, Jack Warden, George Hamilton, Bo Hopkins and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sololá Department

Sololá is a department in the west of Guatemala. The capital is the city of Sololá.


Suchitepéquez Department

Suchitepéquez is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Mazatenango.


Totonicapán Department

Totonicapán is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Totonicapán.


Zacapa Department

Zacapa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Zacapa.


Argol, Finistère

Argol () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Châteaulin

Châteaulin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. It is a subprefecture of the department.

Arzano, Finistère

Arzano () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pleuven

Pleuven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Audierne

Audierne () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, Esquibien became a part of the commune of Audierne.

Milizac-Guipronvel

Milizac-Guipronvel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Guipronvel (the seat) and Milizac.

Guipronvel

Guipronvel () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Milizac-Guipronvel.

Milizac

Milizac () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Milizac-Guipronvel.

Esquibien

Esquibien () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the commune of Audierne.

Kesmat Wkhayen

Kesmat Wkhayen () is a Tunisian drama television sitcom, in Tunisian Arabic, directed by Sami Fehri based on a script by Rafika Boujday. It is broadcast on El Hiwar El Tounsi channel during the month of Ramadan 2019 in Tunisia.

After their father died, Toutou is trying to con his half brother Hafnaoui out of his legal rights to heritage.

CJJR-FM

CJJR-FM, also called 93.7 JR Country, is a country music radio station that broadcasts at 93.7 FM. The radio station is in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.


Battle of Khe Sanh

The Battle of Khe Sanh was a battle of the Vietnam War during the Tet Offensive. It was fought from 21 January to 9 July 1968. Khe Sanh was an important target for the communist Vietnamese soldiers to attack because it was a city near the border between North Vietnam anf South Vietnam, and there was a American-South Vietnamese military base nearby. The United States and the South Vietnamese Armies fought off communist soldiers in most of the battle zones for two months, but the Battle of Khe Sanh lasted much longer. It was one of the longest and deadliest battles in the entire war.

Baye, Finistère

Baye () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Floyd County, Georgia

Floyd County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 98,584 people lived there. The county seat is Rome.

Floyd County

Floyd County is the name of six counties in the United States:

Khe Sanh

Khe Sanh is a town nearby the old Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone. It was the site of the Battle of Khe Sanh, one of the longest and dealiest battles of the Vietnam War.

Jennifer Flynn Oldenburg

Jennifer Flynn Oldenburg (born 26 July 1978) is an American volleyball player and coach. She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team. She played at the 2002 FIVB World Championship.

She graduated from Ohio State University. She coached for University of Illinois and Ohio State University.


Waterparks (band)

Waterparks is an American pop rock band formed in 2011 in Houston, Texas. The members of the group are Awsten Knight (lead vocalist, rhythm guitar), Geoff Wigington (lead guitar, backing vocals) and Otto Wood (drums).

The group have released three EPs; two were released independently while the third was released under Equal Vision. They released their first full-length album, Double Dare, on November 4th, 2016 under Equal Vision, then their second, Entertainment, under the same label on January 26th, 2018. The band officially announced that they had left Equal Vision on May 23rd, 2019, and revealed that they were under Hopeless Records. Their third full-length album, Fandom, was released under Hopeless on October 11th, 2019. The group signed with 300 Entertainment but switched to Fueled By Ramen in 2023 (?).



Miral Abdelkader

Miral Abdelkader (born 16 November 1983) is an Egyptian volleyball player. She was a member of Egypt women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2006 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Japan.

On the club level, she played with Al Ahly Women's Volleyball.

Moncef Lazaâr

Moncef Lazaâr (; born November 31, 1962 – August 22, 2011) was a Tunisian actor screenwriter. He plays in more than fifty plays, but it is especially his roles in television films which make him known to the general public in the 1990s, notably his role in Ghada by Mohamed Hadj Slimane in 1994 alongside the actors Fethi Haddaoui and Dorsaf Mamlouk, and also his role in El Hassad by Abdelkader Jerbi in 1995 with Dalila Meftahi. In 2005, he wrote the script for Chara Al Hobb directed by Hamadi Arafa.



Imperial City of Huế

The Imperial City of Hue was the palace where the Nguyen emperors lived and ruled Vietnam from 1802 to 1945. It has a similar purpose to the Forbidden City in Beijing, China. Like the Forbidden City, the inner part of the Imperial City, the Forbidden Purple City, did not allow commoners to enter. The Imperial City was opened to everyone after Vietnam's last emperor, Bao Dai, stepped down from power. The Imperial City would later be a battleground in the Battle of Hue. Even today, visitors can see signs that the battle happened since many of the buildings still have bullet holes in them.

Thai Nguyen

Thai Nguyen is a city in northern Vietnam. It is around 63 kilometers away from Hanoi by plane and 85 kilometers away by car. It is famous for growing tea. It was also the first city in Vietnam to have a steel mill. It is also a center of education in Vietnam. It is also home of the Museum of Cultures of Vietnam's Ethnic Groups.

People's Army of Vietnam

The People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) is the military of modern-day Vietnam. It was also the military of communist North Vietnam during the First Indochina War and the Vietnam War. Non-communist fighters called it the Viet Minh during the First Indochina War and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) during the Vietnam War. The NVA is not to be confused with the Viet Cong because the Viet Cong were South Vietnamese who fought for North Vietnam. During the Vietnam War, the NVA made a system of trails (mostly in Laos and Cambodia) called the Ho Chi Minh Trail. This was made to send NVA soldiers into South Vietnam and to give Viet Cong support to fight against non-communist soldiers.

Ho Chi Minh trail

The Ho Chi Minh Trail is a system of trails made in the Vietnam War send North Vietnamese soldiers into South Vietnam and to help the Viet Cong insurgents fight against non-communist South Vietnamese soldiers. Most of the trails were in Laos and Cambodia because the United States was not allowed to enter those countries to bomb the trails. Later in the war, the United States would secretly send US soldiers to fight communist Vietnamese soldiers in Laos and Cambodia.

In early 1971, South Vietnam–with United States support–tried to disrupt the Ho Chi Minh Trail by invading Laos and launching Operation Lam Son 719, but this operation was a failure.

Jay Rayner

Jay Rayner is a British journalist and food critic.

Jay Rayner started his career as a freelance journalist. He started writing on a number of British newspapers such as The Observer and the Independent on Sunday. In 1992 he won the "Young Journalist of the Year" award by the British Press Awards. He also worked as a feature writer for The Guardian, The Mail on Sunday, and The Observer before he became a restaurant critic at that newspaper in 1999.

Hoi An

Hoi An is a city in Quang Nam Province in Vietnam. It is a popular tourist site near Danang. The old town area has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1999. It is a well-kept trading port that mixed native Vietnamese architecture with other types of architecture. Popular ways of traveling the nearby areas are by bicycle, motorcycle, kayak, and motorboat.

Ha Long Bay

Ha Long Bay is a popular tourist site and UNESCO World Heritage Site in northeast Vietnam. The site is famous for having many karsts off the coast. 

Water puppetry

Water puppetry () is a type of puppet theater that has been played in Vietnam since the 11th century. It takes place in a pool where the puppeteers control puppets using a bamboo pole underwater.

Củ Chi tunnels

The Cu Chi Tunnels are a tunnel system used by the Viet Cong to attack Saigon nearby during the Vietnam War. Throughout the war, Viet Cong would live in tunnels. These tunnels were often deep enough to protect Viet Cong from American bombers. Many of these tunnels were too small for most American soldiers to go into comfortably. They would often have traps that could injure or kill enemy soldiers.

Life (magazine)

Life was an American magazine published weekly until 1972. It later published monthly from 1978 until 2000. During its golden age from 1936 to 1972, "Life" was a wide-ranging weekly general interest magazine known for the quality of its photography.

After 2000, Time Inc. continued to use the "Life" brand for special issues. "Life" returned as a weekly newspaper from 2004 to 2007. 

On January 30, 2012, the LIFE.com URL became a photo channel on Time.com.

Wolfgang Gunkel

Wolfgang Gunkel (15 January 1948 – 20 May 2020) was an East German rower. He competed in coxed pairs together with Jörg Lucke. In this event he won the European title in 1971, the Olympic gold medal in 1972, and the world title in 1975. He was born in Berlin.


John Loengard

John Borg Loengard (September 5, 1934 – May 24, 2020) was an American photographer. He worked at "Life" magazine from 1961, and was its picture editor from 1973 to 1987. He taught at the International Center of Photography and at The New School for Social Research. He was born in New York City.

Loengard died on May 24, 2020 in New York City of heart failure, aged 85.

Granville, Manche

Granville (; Norman: "Graunville") is a commune in the Manche department and region of Normandy in north-western France. 

The town is populated by 13,021 people, who are called "Granvillais".

Curtis Cokes

Curtis Cokes (June 15, 1937 – May 29, 2020) was an American boxer. He was born in Dallas, Texas. Cokes was the World Welterweight Champion. In 2003, Cokes was added into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Cokes died on May 29, 2020 of heart failure in Dallas, aged 82.

Evaldo Gouveia

Evaldo Gouveia de Oliveira (August 8, 1928 – May 29, 2020), better known as simply Evaldo Gouveia, was a Brazilian singer-songwriter. His works were MPB. He was born in Orós, Ceará. Gouveia released seven studio albums and many plays, most of them featuring fellow singers and . 

On May 29, 2020, Gouveia died in Fortaleza, Ceará at the age 91 from COVID-19.

Henk Steevens

Henk Steevens (1932, Geleen – 29 May 2020) was a Dutch cyclist. Steevens won the GP of Aken and the Grote Continental Prijs of Hannover. 

He was named together with Sjefke Janssen and Jan Nolten the “three of Elsloo”. They were all three part of the Dutch team at the 1953 Tour de France. He was part of the pre-selection for the 1954 Tour de France, but was not selected.

After his cycling career, he became team manager of “ Ovis en Driessen Stoffen”. His brother Harry Steevens was also a cyclist.

Steevens died on 29 May 2020, aged 88.

Harry Steevens

Henri "Harry/Harrie" Steevens (born 27 April 1945) is a retired Dutch cyclist. His career lasted from 1960 and 1972. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the individual road race and finished in 40th place. 

Two years later he won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships. He also won the Olympia's Tour (1965), Ronde van Limburg (1966) and Amstel Gold Race (1968).

His brother Henk Steevens was also a cyclist.

Michael Angelis

Michael Angelis (29 April 1954 – 30 May 2020) was an English actor. He was best known for his roles in "Boys from the Black Stuff" and "G.B.H.". He was the narrator of the British children's television series "Thomas and Friends" from 1991 to 2012. and "The Adventures of Red T-Shirt and Friends" UK Dub Alan Marriott US Dub He was born in Liverpool, England.

Angelis died on 30 May 2020 of a heart attack, aged 66 from Sky, BBC and ITV News.

Bobby Dimond

Bobby Dimond (July 30, 1930 – May 30, 2020) was an Australian rugby league footballer. He played in the 1940s and 1950s and was known for his play with the national team. He was selected to play for Australia and was a member of the 1948 Kangaroo Tour. He played 20 matches on the tour and scored ten tries, but did not play in a test match. 

He was born in Dapto, New South Wales. Dimond died on May 30, 2020 in Mexico City, aged 89.

Thomas Pynchon

Thomas Ruggles Pynchon Jr. (, ; born May 8, 1937) is an American author. He is part of the MacArthur Fellowship and writes very complex novels with deep meanings. He writes many different types of both fiction and non-fiction. For "Gravity's Rainbow, Pynchon won the 1973 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction

Pynchon is from Long Island, New York, and served two years in the United States Navy. He also got a degree in English from Cornell University. He published many short stories in the late-1950s and early-1960s. After this, he started writing novels. He is most famous for the novels "V." (1963), "The Crying of Lot 49" (1966), and "Gravity's Rainbow" (1973) from this time. 

Elsa Dorfman

Elsa Dorfman (April 26, 1937 – May 30, 2020) was an American portrait photographer. She was known for her use of a large-format instant Polaroid camera. She was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Dorfman's principal published work, originally published in 1974, was "Elsa's Housebook - A Woman's Photojournal". She took pictures of Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Allen Ginsberg and Peter Orlovsky, Gary Snyder, Gregory Corso, and Robert Creeley. She also photographed staples of the Boston rock scene such as Jonathan Richman frontman of The Modern Lovers, and Steven Tyler of Aerosmith.

Dorfman died of kidney failure at her home in Cambridge on May 30, 2020 at the age of 83.

Fudan University

Fudan University () is a public research university in Shanghai, China. Most people think it is one of the best universities in China. It was founded in 1905, and was the first university in China started by the people instead of the government. Fudan is part of the C9 League of universities. The Chinese Ministry of Education calls the university a CLass A Double First Class University. This means they think it is very good.

Mady Mesplé

Mady Mesplé (7 March 1931 – 30 May 2020) was a French opera singer. She was a well known coloratura soprano in France. She was born in Toulouse, France. Her career lasted from 1953 to 1985. 

Mesplé appeared at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, the Royal Opera House in London, La Scala in Milan, the Metropolitan Opera in New York and Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires.

During the 1960s, Mesplé appeared mant times on French television. She was also the first to sing the French version of Hans Werner Henze's "Elegy for Young Lovers" in 1965, and Pierre Boulez chose Mesplé for his performances of Arnold Schoenberg's "Jacob's Ladder".

During the 1970s she added operettas to her repertoire, especially by Jacques Offenbach, such as "La Vie parisienne", "Orphée aux enfers" and "La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein", opposite Régine Crespin.

She was made Grand Officier of the Legion of Honour in 2015 and honored with the Grand Cross of the Ordre national du Mérite in 2019.

Mesplé died on 30 May 2020 in Toulouse from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 89.


Glen Cove, New York

Glen Cove is a city in Nassau County, New York, United States. It is on the North Shore of Long Island. There were 28,365 people who lived there in 2020.

John Nzenze

John Amutabi Nzenze (1940 – May 30, 2020) was a Kenyan guitarist. He was born in Nairobi. He had performed the twist dance style. Some of his most popular songs were "Angelike" (released in 1961), "Julieta Rudi Tuone" and "Habari za Nairobi (Nairobi twist)".

He toured Japan, Britain and various East African countries. In 1968 he represented Kenya at All African Music Festival in Algeria, finishing third. Next year the band performed with Miles Davis in Germany.

In 1971, BBC World Service gave them a "Best Band in Africa" award. 

Nzenze died on May 30, 2020 at a hospital in Kakamega, Kenya from problems caused by stomach surgery, aged 80.

Series acceleration

In numerical analysis, series acceleration (sometimes called as convergence improvement) is the name for algorithms that transforms slowly convergent series to rapidly convergent series.
The NSum and NLimit command in Wolfram Mathematica is based on series acceleration. In addition, Romberg integration (a famous numerical integration method) is also based on this technique.


Bobby Morrow

Bobby Joe Morrow (October 15, 1935 – May 30, 2020) was an American sprinter. He won three gold medals at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was known as "the dominant sprinter of the 1950s" and "the most relaxed sprinter of all time, even more so than his hero Jesse Owens". He was born in Harlingen, Texas. 

He retired in 1958 to become a farmer and a woodworker. He made a short comeback before the 1960 Olympic Games, but failed to qualify for the U.S. Olympic team.

Morrow died of anemia and peripheral neuropathy on May 30, 2020, at his home in San Benito, Texas, at the age of 84.

San Benito, Texas

San Benito is a city in Cameron County, Texas, United States. The population was 24,861 at the 2020 census.

Kate Higgins

Katherine Davis Higgins (born August 16, 1969) is an American actress, singer, and jazz pianist. 

Higgins's major voice roles have been in English-language versions of Japanese anime, and she is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in "Naruto" and Talho Yuuki in Eureka 7. 

She has also voiced CC in "Code Geass" and Saber in the original "Fate/stay night". 

Between 2010 and 2013, Higgins voiced Tails in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog". 

She also voices Kate, Stinky, and Lilly in the "Alpha and Omega" sequels. She is the current voice of Princess Aurora since 2010.

Fourier series

Joseph Fourier said that it is possible to use sine waves to approximate another function. This is a series in the mathematical sense. This theory can be generalized to the Fourier transform. Mathematical analysis of these functions is called Fourier analysis. 

In the 18th century, mathematicians such as Euler, Lagrange and Bernoulli already used sinusoids to approximate and model other functions. When Fourier published a work on heat, in 1822, he said that such approximations exist for any such function (that is continuous in the interval). At first, people didn't believe him, and it took almost ten years for a proof (of part of the problem) to appear.

Today, fourier series are used a lot in digital signal processing. 

Holden Commodore

The Holden Commodore was a full-size sedan produced by Holden from 1978 to 2020.

Michael Scofield

Michael Scofield is one of the main characters in the TV series Prison Break. His part was played by Went Worth Miller.

Southern Comfort (movie)

Southern Comfort is a 1981 American action adventure thriller movie directed by Walter Hill and starring Keith Carradine, Powers Boothe, Fred Ward, Franklyn Seales, Peter Coyote, T. K. Carter, Lewis Smith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Canadians (1961 movie)

The Canadians is a 1961 British Canadian western movie directed by first time director Burt Kennedy and starring Robert Ryan, John Dehner, Torin Thatcher, Burt Metcalfe, John Sutton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of Disney live-action remakes of animated movies

This is a list of the live-action reimaginings saga produced by Walt Disney Pictures of its animated films. This list does not include remakes of live-action/animation hybrid films (such as Mary Poppins or Pete's Dragon), animated movies or live-action movies that were produced by another studio and later reimagined into live-action films by Disney (such as The Wizard of Oz and The Nutcracker and the Four Realms), live-action films another studio made based on the same story as a Disney feature that were later acquired (such as Fox’s Ever After or Pathé‘s The Wind in the Willows/Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride), the direct to video release The Jungle Book: Mowgli’s Story, or based on animated television shows (such as Kim Possible).

A live-action film about Tinker Bell with Victoria Strouse writing the script and Reese Witherspoon playing Tinker Bell, is in the works. It was also reported that a live-action spin-off of "Prince Charming" titled "Charming" is in development with Stephen Chbosky writing and directing. A prequel of "Aladdin" titled "Genies", written by Damian Shannon and Mark Swift and produced by Tripp Vinson, was announced in 2015.

Wild Strawberries (movie)

Wild Strawberries is a 1957 Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and stars Victor Sjöström, Bibi Andersson, Ingrid Thulin, Gunnar Björnstrand, Björn Bjelfvenstam, Max von Sydow. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1960.


Bernardine (movie)

Bernardine is a 1957 American musical comedy movie directed by Henry Levin and based on the play of the same name by Mary Coyle Chase. It stars Pat Boone, Terry Moore, Janet Gaynor, Dean Jagger, Dick Sargent, James Drury, Walter Abel, Russ Conway and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Badlands of Montana

Badlands of Montana is a 1957 American western movie directed by Daniel B. Ullmann and starring Rex Reason, Margia Dean, Keith Larsen, Emile Meyer, Beverly Garland, William Edward Phipps. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Georgina Pinedo

Georgina Soledad Pinedo (born 30 May 1981 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine volleyball player.

She participated at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2003 Women's South American Volleyball Championship, 2009 Women's South American Volleyball Championship, 2008 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2008 Final Four Women's Volleyball Cup, 2010 Final Four Women's Volleyball Cup, 2011 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2013 European Cup.

At the club level, she played for Boca Juniors and Volero Le Cannet.

Southern Peninsula (Iceland)

The Southern Peninsula () is a region in the southwest of the Iceland. The region is located on the Reykjanes Peninsula (). The population of the region was 27,829 (2020). The capital in the region is Keflavík, with a population of 15,930 (2018). Keflavík International Airport, which is the largest and busiest airport in Iceland, is located in the region.


Capital Region (Iceland)

Greater Reykjavík (, meaning "The Capital Region") is one of the eight regions of Iceland and also one of the two NUTS 3 regions. It is in the southwest of the country. The population of the region was 233,034 (2020). The capital in the region is Reykjavík, which is also the national capital. It is made up of six municipalities.




Lepidochelys

Lepidochelys is a genus of sea turtles. It has two living species:


Bannalec

Bannalec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Todd Fisher

Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958) is an American director, cinematographer, producer and actor of television movies and documentaries. He was born in Beverly Hills. Fisher is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds. Carrie Fisher was his sister. His nieces are Billie Catherine Lourd, Olivia Luna Fisher-Duddy, Skylar Grace Fisher-Duddy, True Harlow Fisher-Duddy. He wrote the book "My Girls: A Lifetime with Carrie and Debbie".

Romainville

Romainville is a French commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department.

Aubervilliers

Aubervilliers is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Blanc-Mesnil

Le Blanc-Mesnil is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Bondy

Bondy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Raincy

Le Raincy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Bourget

Le Bourget is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Clichy-sous-Bois

Clichy-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Archosauromorph

Archosauromorpha is a clade of diapsid reptiles containing all reptiles more closely related to archosaurs than to lepidosaurs.

Lepidosaurs include tuataras, lizards, and snakes.

Archosauromorphs include turtles, crocodiles, dinosaurs and birds.


Nogent-sur-Seine

Nogent-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Courceroy

Courceroy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Wayside School

Wayside School is a book series of children's chapter books. They are written by Louis Sachar, who also wrote "Holes", a book that won the National Book Award for Young People's Literature.

The books in the "Wayside School" series are

1938 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1938 hurricane season was a normal season except for one thing. The 1938 hurricane season brought a EXTREMELY strong hurricane to Long Island, New Jersey, and even New Hampshire. It brought category 4 winds with it. It is also known as the 1938 New England Hurricane. Except for that, the 1938 hurricane season was a normal season.

Natalie Sangkagalo

Natalie Sangkagalo (born 1 July 1999) is a Thai figure skater. She participated at the 2017 Asian Open Figure Skating Trophy and 2018 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.


Khrisctina Serfozo

Khrisctina Serfozo is a Hungarian water polo player. She was a member of Hungarian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, winning a gold medal.

Drue Wawrzynski

Drue Wawrzynski is an American water polo player. She played for the United States women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, winning the silver medal.

She played for California State University, Long Beach's women's volleyball team.

Global Banking &amp; Finance Review

Global Banking and Finance Review is a British finance related magazine. Their office is located in the United Kingdom. It was launched in 2010 by Varun Sash. The magazine focuses on global financial trends and developments. Wanda Rich is the current editor of Global Banking and Finance Review. In 2011, it started awards program which is known as Global Banking & Finance Awards.

Morning Advertiser

Morning Advertiser is a British trade magazine. In 2011, William Reed Business Media, bought "The Publican" from United Business Media and merged these two titles to "The Publican's Morning Advertiser". Later, in 2016, it was renamed to the "Morning Advertiser".

The magazine was first published in 1794 in London.

Cambridge University Press

Cambridge University Press is the publishing wing of the University of Cambridge. King Henry VIII of England granted it the letters patent in 1534. It is also the world's oldest publishing house and the second-largest university press in the world.

Cambridge University Press has offices in 40 countries and it has published over 50,000 titles by authors from 100 different countries. They publishes academic journals, monographs, reference works, textbooks, and English language teaching and learning publications.


Saint-Symphorien-sur-Saône

Saint-Symphorien-sur-Saône is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Bénodet

Bénodet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brignogan-Plages

Brignogan-Plages (or simply Brignogan; ) was a commune. It was found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages.

Coubron

Coubron is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 4,833 people lived there.

La Courneuve

La Courneuve is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Claudia Blomenkamp

Claudia Blomenkamp (born 30 December 1986) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, 2012 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2016 Olympic Qualifying tournament.


Franklin County, Georgia

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 23,424 people lived there. The county seat is Carnesville.

Gilmer County, Georgia

Gilmer County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 31,353 people lived there. The county seat is Ellijay.

Keizer, Oregon

Keizer is a city in Oregon in the United States.

H. C. Stackpole III

Henry Charles "Hank" Stackpole III (May 7, 1935 – May 29, 2020) was an American lieutenant general in the Marine Corps. His awards include the Silver Star, Legion of Merit, and Defense Superior Service Medal. He entered the Marine Corps in 1957. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. 

Stackpole died in Hawaii on May 29, 2020 at the age of 85.

Nadine Kunz

Nadine Kunz (born 11 November 1983) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 FINA Women's World Championships.


Yawovi Agboyibo

Yawovi Madji Agboyibo (31 December 1943 – 30 May 2020) was a Togolese politician. He was Prime Minister of Togo from September 2006 to December 2007. He was National President of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), an opposition political party, from 1991 to 2008. 

He died in Paris on 30 May 2020 after a short-illness, aged 76.

Michel Gauthier

Michel Gauthier (; (February 18, 1950 – May 30, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was leader of the Bloc Québécois from 1996 to 1997. He was Leader of the Opposition in the Parliament of Canada during the same time. He was a member of parliament from 1994 to 2007. 

Gauthier was born in Quebec City. He was also a member of the Conservative Party. Gauthier died on May 30, 2020 in Quebec City of lung cancer, aged 70.

Christo and Jeanne-Claude

Christo Vladimirov Javacheff (June 13, 1935 – May 31, 2020) and Jeanne-Claude Denat de Guillebon (June 13, 1935 – November 18, 2009) were a married couple who created environmental works of art. 

Their works include the wrapping of the Reichstag in Berlin and the Pont-Neuf bridge in Paris, the artwork called "Running Fence" in Sonoma and Marin counties in California, and "The Gates" in New York City's Central Park.

Christo was born in Gabrovo, present-day Bulgaria. Jeanne-Claude was born in Casablanca, present-day Morocco. They met in Paris in 1958. In 1964, they moved to New York City where they began their joint art career. 

Their works were given credit to "Christo" only, until 1994, when the outdoor works and large indoor were credited to "Christo and Jeanne-Claude". They flew in separate planes: in case one crashed, the other could continue their work.

Jeanne-Claude died, aged 74, on November 18, 2009 in New York City, from problems caused by a brain aneurysm. Christo died on May 31, 2020, of natural causes in New York City, aged 84.

Theresa Klein

Theresa Klein is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 European Water Polo Championship, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 FINA Water Polo Women's Championship.


Nina Wengst

Nina Wengst (born 20 March 1979) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Carmen Gelse

Carmen Gelse (born 22 September 1987) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships 2009 World Aquatics Championships. and 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship,


Dan van Husen

Dan van Husen (30 April 1945 – 31 May 2020) was a German actor. He appeared in some Hollywood movies. He was born in Gummersbach, Germany. Van Husen was known for his roles in "Fellini Casanova", by Federico Fellini, in "Salon Kitty" by Tinto Brass and "Nosferatu the Vampyre" directed by Werner Herzog.

Van Husen died on 31 May 2020 in Somerset, England of COVID-19, aged 75.


Tinto Brass

Giovanni "Tinto" Brass (born 26 March 1933) is an Italian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Milan, Italy.

In the 1960s and 1970s, he directed many avant-garde movies. He is known for his movies "Caligula", "Così fan tutte" (released under the English title "All Ladies Do It"), "Paprika", "Monella" ("Frivolous Lola") and "Trasgredire".

In April 2010, Brass was hospitalized after having an intracranial hemorrhage.


Evan H. Turner

Evan Hopkins Turner (born 1927) is an American art historian and museum director.

Evan Hopkins Turner was born in 1927 in the town of Orono in Penobscot County, Maine. He studied art history at Harvard University.

From 1955 to 1959, he was assistant director of the Wadsworth Atheneum. From 1959 to 1964, he was director of the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. From 1964 to 1977, he was director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. From 1978 to 1983, he was director of the Ackland Art Museum. From 1983 to 1993, he was director of the Cleveland Museum of Art. He won a 1991 Cleveland Arts Prize.

His papers are held at Philadelphia Museum of Art Archives.


Nosferatu the Vampyre

Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German French horror movie directed by Werner Herzog. Its original German title is Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht ("Nosferatu: Phantom of the Night") and stars Isabelle Adjani, Bruno Ganz, Klaus Kinski, Dan van Husen, Roland Topor, Jan Groth, Walter Ladengast, Rijk de Gooyer and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Indy Baijens

Indy Baijens (born 4 February 2001 in Zaandam) is a Dutch volleyball player for ASPTT Mulhouse and the Dutch national team.
She participated at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.


Sajid–Wajid

Sajid–Wajid was an Indian Bollywood Hindi movie music director duo made up of brothers Sajid Khan and Wajid Khan, the sons of Ustad Sharafat Ali Khan. They were born in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Their career began in 1998.

The music duo has also composed music for several movies starring Salman Khan, which include "Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge" (2002), "Tere Naam" (2003), "" (2004), "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" (2004), "Partner" (2007), "Hello" (2008), "God Tussi Great Ho" (2008), "Wanted" (2009), "Main Aur Mrs Khanna", (2009), "Veer" (2010), "Dabangg" (2010), "No Problem" (2010) and "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012).

Wajid Khan died on June 1, 2020 of COVID-19, aged 43.

Norman Lamm

Norman Lamm (December 19, 1927 – May 31, 2020) was an American Modern Orthodox rabbi, scholar, author and Jewish communal leader. He was the Chancellor of Yeshiva University until his retirement on July 1, 2013. He was born in New York City. 

In 1958 Lamm helped found "Tradition", an academic journal of Modern Orthodox thought. He also launched the "Torah U-Madda Journal".

Lamm died on May 31, 2020 in Englewood, New Jersey at the age of 92.


Five Days from Home

Five Days from Home is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by George Peppard (who also stars) and starring Sherry Boucher, Neville Brand, Robert Donner, Ronnie Claire Edwards, Savannah Smith Boucher. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Antifa (United States)

The antifa (), short for anti-fascist, movement in the United States is a militant far-left-wing, anti-fascist political activist movement. It is made up of activist groups that protest with the use of direct action instead of policy changes.

The methods include protesting, digital activism, property damage, physical violence and harassment against those who they see as fascist, racist, or on the far-right.

The movement has anti-capitalist views and support anarchism, communism, liberalism, social democracy and socialism.

It has been called a terrorist movement by President Donald Trump after the group took part in the George Floyd protests in 2020.

Doug Hurley

Douglas Gerald Hurley (born October 21, 1966) is an American engineer, former Marine Corps pilot, and former NASA astronaut. He piloted Space Shuttle missions STS-127 (July 2009) and STS-135 (July 2011), the final flight of the Space Shuttle program. 

He launched into space for the third time as Commander of Crew Dragon Demo-2, the first crewed spaceflight from American soil since STS-135. He was also the first Marine to fly the F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet. 

Bob Behnken

Robert Louis Behnken (; born July 28, 1970) is a NASA astronaut, engineer, and former Chief of the Astronaut Office. Behnken was selected as an astronaut by NASA in 2000 and is a veteran of two space shuttle flights. A native of Missouri, Behnken flew STS-123 in March 2008 and STS-130 in February 2010, logging more than 708 hours in space, and more than 37 hours during six spacewalks. Behnken most recently served as Joint Operations Commander on the first crewed flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon, the Demo-2 mission, which landed August 2, 2020. He also served as Flight Engineer on the International Space Station for Expedition 63.

Behnken was born in St. Ann, Missouri on July 28, 1970. After graduating from Pattonville High School in Maryland Heights, Missouri, he attended Washington University in St. Louis where he majored in mechanical engineering and physics and was a member of the Air Force Reserve Officers' Training Corps. He then went to California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, California for graduate school, where he earned master's and doctorate degrees in mechanical engineering. 

After graduate school, Behnken was commissioned for active duty with the Air Force and was based at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida where he worked as a developmental engineer and technical manager for new weapons systems. 

Next, Behnken went to the Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base. He was assigned to the F-22 Combined Test Force and served as the lead flight test engineer for the fourth F-22, a stealth tactical fighter aircraft that flies at speeds of up to 1,500 mph (2,414 kilometers per hour). Behnken has flown more than 1,500 flight hours and piloted more than 25 different types of aircraft.

He is married to fellow astronaut K. Megan McArthur. Together, they have one child.

Colonel Behnken was selected by NASA in July 2000, and following the completion of astronaut candidate training was assigned to support launch and landing activities at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida.  Since then, within the Astronaut Office, he served in the Exploration branch, as Chief of the Space Station Operations Branch, and between July 2012 and July 2015 as NASA’s Chief Astronaut.  As Chief Astronaut, he was responsible for flight assignments, mission preparation, and on-orbit support of international space station crews as well as organizing astronaut office support for future launch vehicles.

Colonel Behnken trained as an international space station crew member following the loss of Columbia and as a mission specialist for STS-400 the launch-on-need rescue flight for the last Hubble servicing mission.  He flew STS-123 in March 2008 and STS-130 in February 2010, logging more than 708 hours in space, and performing more than 37 hours in six spacewalks.  Colonel Behnken is currently assigned to the cadre of astronauts that will train and fly the initial test flights of the Boeing CST-100 or Space X Dragon commercially built spacecraft. 

STS-123 Endeavour (March 11 to March 26, 2008) was a night launch/landing and the 25th International Space Station assembly mission.  Endeavour’s crew delivered the first component of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Kibo Laboratory and the final element of the station’s Mobile Servicing System, the Canadian-built Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, known as Dextre.  Colonel Behnken served a flight deck Mission Specialist for ascent and entry, performed three spacewalks, and operated both the station robotic arm and the Dextre robot.  The mission was accomplished in 250 orbits of the Earth, traveling 6,577,857 statute miles in 15 days, 18 hours, 10 minutes and 54 seconds.

STS-130 Endeavour (February 8 to February 21, 2010) was a night launch/landing and the 32nd International Space Station assembly mission.  Endeavour’s crew delivered and outfitted Node 3 (the station’s habitation module) and the Cupola (the station’s seven window Earth facing observation portal).  Colonel Behnken served as a Mission Specialist, operated the space station robotic arm, served as the spacewalking lead and performed three spacewalks.  The mission was accomplished in 217 orbits of the Earth, traveling 5,738,991 statute miles in 13 days, 18 hours, 6 minutes and 24 seconds.

Behnken served as Joint Operations Commander on the first crewed flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon, the Demo-2 mission, launching May 20 and landing in Pensacola, Florida on August 2, 2020. He also served as Flight Engineer on the International Space Station for Expedition 63. Behnken contributed to more than 110 hours of time to supporting the orbiting laboratory’s investigations. He participated in a number of scientific experiments, spacewalks and public engagement events during his 62 days aboard station. Behnken helped work on numerous sample switch outs for the Electrolysis Measurement (EM) experiment, as well as contributing images to the Crew Earth Observations (CEO) study.  While on board, Behnken conducted four spacewalks and is now tied for most spacewalks by an American astronaut with Michael Lopez-Alegria, Peggy Whitson, and Chris Cassidy, each of whom has completed 10 spacewalks.

Outstanding Mechanical Engineering Senior, Washington University (1992); National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow (1993 to 1996); United States Air Force Meritorious Service, Defense Meritorious Service and Defense Superior Service Medals; NASA Space Flight Medal (2008, 2010); NASA Exceptional Service Medal (2011), Washington University Young Alumni Achievement Award (2009); Distinguished Alumni Award (2013).

St. Ann, Missouri

St. Ann is a suburb of St. Louis in north St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,019 at the 2020 census.

Wexford, Pennsylvania

Wexford is an unincorporated community in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States.

La Luna (movie)

La Luna also known as "Luna" is a 1979 Italian–American drama movie directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Jill Clayburgh, Matthew Barry, Veronica Lazar, Tomas Milian, Renato Salvatori, Fred Gwynne, Peter Eyre, Roberto Benigni. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Pine Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

Pine Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 14,691 at the 2020 census.

Pine Township was named for the large number of pine trees.

Cheswold, Delaware

Cheswold is a town in Kent County in the U.S. state of Delaware. It is part of the Dover, Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,923 at the 2020 census.

Music to Be Murdered By

Music to Be Murdered By is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Eminem, released on January 17, 2020 by Shady Records, Aftermath Entertainment, and Interscope Records with no prior announcement, similar to his previous album "Kamikaze" (2018). The album was produced by Dr. Dre, and features collaborations with Black Thought, Q-Tip, Juice Wrld, Ed Sheeran, Young M.A, Skylar Grey, Don Toliver, Anderson Paak and Royce da 5'9", among others.

Alongside the album, Eminem also released a music video for "Darkness", directed by James Larese.

The album was released with two different cover designs; one featuring Eminem wearing a trilby hat and holding a shovel, and the other featuring Eminem, hatless, holding an ax and a gun to his own head. Both versions credit Eminem under the name Slim Shady.

The album's title and cover art allude to the 1958 Jeff Alexander album, "Alfred Hitchcock Presents Music to Be Murdered By". Via social media Eminem posted an image of the Jeff Alexander album cover, which features Alfred Hitchcock too holding an ax and a gun to his own head, stating the album was "inspired by the master, Uncle Alfred!".

Back from the Dead (movie)

Back from the Dead is a 1957 American horror movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and based on the 1952 novel "The Other One" by Catherine Turney. It stars Peggie Castle, Arthur Franz, Marsha Hunt, Don Haggerty, Marianne Stewart and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


God Is My Partner

God Is My Partner is a 1957 American drama movie directed by William F. Claxton and starring Walter Brennan, John Hoyt, Marion Ross, Jesse White, Nelson Leigh, Charles Lane, Paul Cavanagh, Gloria Blondell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Léo Major

Léo Major & Bar (January 23, 1921 – October 12, 2008) was a Canadian soldier. He was the only Canadian to ever get the Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM) twice in different wars. Major got his first DCM in World War II in 1945 when he made the German army run away in the city of Zwolle; he did this by himself. He was sent to scout the city with one of his best friends, but he thought Zwolle was too beautiful for an attack, deciding instead to clear it out himself. A firefight happened in which his friend was killed, and after that, he put the commanders of each group of enemy soldiers he found at gunpoint. He did this until he could take soldier groups prisoner back at base. He did this again and again until the there were no more German soldiers in the city. He got his second DCM in 1951 during the Korean War for leading the capture of an important hill.

Major was serving with the Régiment de la Chaudière. They landed on the beaches in the Normandy Invasion on June 6, 1944. During a reconnaissance mission on D-Day, Major captured a German armored vehicle (a Hanomag) by himself. The vehicle had German communication equipment and secret codes in it.


Accumoli

Accumoli is a town (comune) in Central Italy. It is in the Province of Rieti in the region of Lazio.

Apache Warrior

Apache Warrior is a 1957 American western movie directed by Elmo Williams and was also known as Red Arrow, The Apache Kid and The Long Knives. It stars Keith Larsen, Jim Davis, Rodolfo Acosta, John Mijan, Damian O'Flynn, George Keymans and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Hell on Devil's Island

Hell on Devil's Island is a 1957 American adventure drama movie directed by Christian Nyby and starring Helmut Dantine, William Talman, Donna Martell, Jean Willes, Jay Adler, Rex Ingram. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Break in the Circle

Break in the Circle is a 1955 British drama movie directed by Val Guest and starring Forrest Tucker, Eva Bartok, Marius Goring, Guy Middleton, Eric Pohlmann, Reginald Beckwith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Sun Also Rises (1957 movie)

The Sun Also Rises is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Henry King and based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. It stars Tyrone Power, Ava Gardner, Mel Ferrer, Errol Flynn, Eddie Albert, Henry Daniell, Juliette Gréco and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Derek Barton

Sir Derek Harold Richard Barton (8 September 1918 – 16 March 1998) was an English organic chemist and Nobel Prize laureate.

He was born in Gravesend, Kent. His father was William Thomas and mother was Maude Henrietta Barton. He attended Gravesend Grammar School (1926–29), The King's School, Rochester (1929–32), Tonbridge School (1932–35) and Medway Technical College (1937–39). He was graduated from the Imperial College London and obtained his PhD degree in Organic Chemistry in 1942.

He was awarded the Fellow of the Royal Society and Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.

Quinn Hughes

Quinton Hughes (born October 14, 1999) is an American ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). The team drafted him 7th overall during the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.

After playing with the USA Hockey National Team Development Program, Hughes joined the University of Michigan for the 2017–18 season. He played two seasons with Michigan before joining the Canucks for their 2018–19 NHL season.

The Phantom Carriage

The Phantom Carriage (, literally "The Wagoner") is a 1921 Swedish fantasy horror movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and based on the 1912 novel "Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness!" ("Körkarlen") by Selma Lagerlöf. It stars Hilda Borgström, Tore Svennberg, Astrid Holm, Concordia Selander and was distributed by AB Svensk Filmindustri. It was remade in 1958.


Carl Gunnarsson

Carl Gunnarsson (born 9 November 1986) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). Gunnarsson was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Gunnarsson won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Blues in 2019.

Joel Edmundson

Joel Edmundson (born June 28, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the St. Louis Blues in the 2011 NHL Draft. He helped the Blues win their first Stanley Cup in the team's history in 2019. On September 24, 2019, Edmundson was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes.

Excalibur (movie)

Excalibur is 1981 American British Irish fantasy movie directed by John Boorman and starring Nigel Terry, Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nicol Williamson, Corin Redgrave, Patrick Stewart, Clive Swift, Liam Neeson, Gabriel Byrne. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.

Under the Cherry Moon

Under the Cherry Moon is a 1986 American romantic musical movie directed by Prince (who also stars) and stars Jerome Benton, Kristin Scott Thomas, Steven Berkoff, Francesca Annis. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won 5 Razzies at the Golden Raspberry Awards in 1987.

Hick's law

Hick's law, or the Hick–Hyman law is named after British and American psychologists William Edmund Hick and Ray Hyman. It describes the time it takes for a person to make a decision as a result of the possible choices.

Increasing the number of choices increases the decision time logarithmically. The amount of time taken to process a certain amount of bits in the Hick–Hyman law is known as the "rate of gain of information".

Hick's law may support some computing menu design decisions. For example, to find a given word (e.g. the name of a command) in a randomly ordered word list (e.g. a menu). If the list is alphabetical, and the user knows the name of the command, he or she may be able to use a subdividing strategy that works in logarithmic time.

Danny Havoc

Grant Amos Berkland, better known as Danny Havoc (May 19, 1986 – May 31, 2020) was an American professional wrestler. He was born in Cylinder, Iowa. He wrestled for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW), and was best known for his work in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW).

He announced his retirement and on September 9, 2017. Two years later, Havoc came out of retirement for Matt Tremont's H2O Wrestling at a benefit show. 

In February 2020, he returned to Game Changer Wrestling (who he had made special appearances from 2015 to 2017) for their Tokyo tour.

His death was announced on May 31, 2020 at the age of 34.

Mukar Cholponbayev

Mukar Shaltakovich Cholponbayev (; 29 March 1950 – 24 May 2020) was a Kyrgyzstani politician. He was born in Issyk-Kul Region, Kyrgyz SSR. From 1984 to 1991, he was Deputy Head of the Legal Department of the Supreme Council of the Kyrgyz SSR, and later promoted to Head of the Legal Department.

After the collapse of the Soviet Union, from 1991 to 1993, he was the Head of Department of Justice of Chuy Region, and Head of the Presidential Administration Department. He was Minister of Justice from 1993 to 1995. He was the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Kyrgyzstan from 1995 to 1996. 

He died in Bishkek on 24 May 2020 from COVID-19, aged 70.

John Zdechlik

John Zdechlik ("Zuh-DECK-lik"; May 2, 1937 – May 21, 2020) was an American composer, music teacher, and conductor. Zdechlik was elected to the American Bandmasters Association in 1989. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His best known work was Chorale and Shaker Dance.

In 1970, Zdechlik began his career as a teacher at Lakewood Community College (now Century College) in White Bear Lake, Minnesota. For thirty years he was a conductor, professor, music department chair, and resident composer. He retired in 1997.

Zdechlik died on May 21, 2020 at his home in White Bear Lake, Minnesota, aged 83.

White Bear Lake, Minnesota

White Bear Lake is a city in Ramsey County in the state of Minnesota. A small portion of the city also in Washington County. The population was 24,883 at the 2020 census.

Susan Rothenberg

Susan Charna Rothenberg (January 20, 1945 – May 18, 2020) was an American contemporary painter, printmaker and sculptor. She was known for her iconic images of the horse.

Rothenberg’s first solo exhibition in New York in 1975. After moving to a ranch near Galisteo, New Mexico, her paintings reflected life in the Southwestern United States.

Rothenberg died at her home in Galisteo on May 18, 2020, at the age of 75.

Galisteo, New Mexico

Galisteo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States. It is part of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 253 at the 2020 census.

Bruce Nauman

Bruce Nauman (born December 6, 1941) is an American artist. His works focused on many medias including sculpture, photography, neon, video, drawing, printmaking, and performance. He was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

In the 1960s, Nauman began to exhibit his work at Nick Wilder's gallery in Los Angeles and in New York at Leo Castelli in 1968 along with early solo shows at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum in 1972. His "Self Portrait as a Fountain" (1966) shows the artist spouting a stream of water from his mouth. 

Nauman lives near Galisteo, New Mexico. He was married to artist Susan Rothenberg from 1989 until her death in 2020.

Jim McDermott

James Adelbert McDermott (born December 28, 1936) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1989 to 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

He served on the House Ways and Means Committee and was a member of the House Progressive Caucus. He was formerly the committee chairman, then in 1995, ranking minority member on the House Ethics Committee. 

On January 4, 2016, he announced his retirement.

Nancy Johnson

Nancy Elizabeth Lee Johnson (born January 5, 1935) is an American politician. Johnson was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2007.

Wolcott, Connecticut

Wolcott () is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. It had a population of 16,142 at the 2020 census.

Civil township

In the United States, the term civil township is used for a form of government below the county level. In some places, the name "town" is used instead. About twenty states use the term civil township.

Escape from Red Rock

Escape from Red Rock is a 1957 American western movie directed by Edward Bernds and starring Brian Donlevy, Eilene Janssen, Jay C. Flippen, William Edward Phipps, Myron Healey, Dan White, Zon Murray, Frank Marlowe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Philip Coggan

Philip Coggan is a British financial writer and news correspondent. He has written extensively for the weekly newspaper The Economist. He also worked for the Financial Times newspaper from 1986 to 2006.

Philip Coggan was educated at the University of Cambridge. In 2006, he was named as the "Journalist of the Year" by the CFA Institute.

Paul Myners, Baron Myners

Paul Myners, Baron Myners (1 April 1948 – 16 January 2022) was a British businessman and politician. He was the Financial Services Secretary in the UK's finance ministry during the Labour Government of Gordon Brown.

He also served on the Prime Minister's National Economic Council and at present sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords. He has been working in the financial sector since 1974 and was a chairman of the Low Pay Commission. He also served as the chairman of the Guardian Media Group which publishes "The Guardian" and "The Observer" newspapers in the United Kingdom.

Myners died at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London, on 16 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Eye of Providence

The Eye of Providence, also known as the All-Seeing Eye of God is a symbol that is often used in a religious context. Very often, it is shown as a single human eye, surrounded by triangle and rays of light or glory. It is often seen as a symbol for knowledge, trinity or for a god that "sees all". The most common depiction of the Eye of Providence is in the back of the Great Seal of the United States, which is depicted on the United States one-dollar bill. In a Christian context, it is often inside a triangle, where the triangle represents the Trinity. Freemasons also use the symbol, there it stands for knowledge.

David Marsh

David Wayne Marsh is a British financial writer and business consultant. In 2000, he was appointed as a Commander of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE).

David Marsh was educated at the Queen's College, Oxford. He started his career as a financial writer for the Reuters. From 1978 to 1995, he worked in the Financial Times newspaper in their France and Germany office.


Colin Welch

Colin Welch (born James Colin Ross Welch (23 April 1924 – 28 January 1997) was an English political journalist. He was the son of James William Welch and Irene Margherita (née Paton).

Christi Bardecki

Christienne Bardecki is a Canadian water polo player.
She was part of the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, 2002 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 2003 World Aquatics Championships, and 2003 Pan American Games.

She played for York University's women's water polo team and University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Isabelle Fack

Isabelle Fack (born September 28, 1970) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships and 2003 World Aquatics Championships.


Gaelle De Rycke

Gaelle De Rycke (born 20 October 1981) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

On a club level, she played for Union Saint-Bruno.


Cécile Busteau

Cécile Busteau is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

Viktoria Bujka

Viktoria Bujka is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for ETV Hamburg.


Sabine Kottig

Sabine Kottig is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Mariana Resstom

Mariana Resstom is a Brazilian water polo player. She competed at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

Bernice Cowton

Bernice Cowton is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for City of Sheffield Water Polo Club.


Ruth Hawney

Ruth Hawney is a British water polo player. She was part of the Great Britain women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.


Luciane Maia

Luciane Maia (born 1 April 1988 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

The Secret of Convict Lake

The Secret of Convict Lake is a 1951 American western movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Ethel Barrymore, Ann Dvorak, Glenn Ford, Gene Tierney, Max Wagner, Jack Lambert, Zachary Scott, Barbara Bates, Helen Westcott. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Völuspá

Vǫluspá is the first and best known poem of the Poetic Edda. It tells the story of the creation of the world and its coming end, related to the audience by a völva addressing Odin. It is one of the most important primary sources for the study of Norse mythology.

Sariwon

Sariwŏn () is the capital of North Hwanghae Province, North Korea. In 2008, there were 307,764 people living there.

Dearborn Heights, Michigan

Dearborn Heights is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. As of the 2020 census, 63,292 people lived in Dearborn Heights.

Cyrus Cylinder

The Cyrus Cylinder () or Cyrus Charter ( "") is a very old clay cylinder, which is now broken into many pieces. It has writing on it in the Akkadian language in the name of Persia's Achaemenid king Cyrus the Great. It was made in the 6th century BC. It was found near the ruins of Babylon, Mesopotamia (now in Iraq) in 1879. It is currently in the British Museum in London.

Song Ha-yoon

Song Ha-yoon (born Kim Mi-sun on December 2, 1986) is a South Korean actress. Her first stage name was Kim Byul, but she changed it to Song Ha-yoon in 2012. She is best known for being in the drama "Fight for My Way" (2017).

Spaghetti (disambiguation)

Spaghetti is a long thin form of pasta.

Spaghetti or spaghetto may also refer to:





Hebrew Poetry

Many parts of the Hebrew Bible are written as poetry. One of the main features of the Hebrew poetry is parallelism of thought. The Book of Psalms and the Book of Proverbs are almost all poetry. Some of the Prophetic books also have poetic sections. Even the Book of Genesis includes some poems, or songs and they are sometimes called. 

Unlike English poetry, and that of many cultures, Hebrew poetry does not rhyme words. Neither is rhythm or meter often used. Instead alternate lines of the poem have a related thought. This is called parallelism. One advantage of this type of poetry is that it is easy to make a translation that keeps the idea or teaching of the original language. That is much more difficult to do if the translation has to make words rhyme or follow a metrical pattern. Several types of parallelism can be found in Biblical poetry.These include:


Another example of synonymous parallelism comes in Isaiah (Isaiah 2:4) or Book of Micah (Micah 4:3)




Blue-Zoo Productions

Blue-Zoo Productions is a UK-based computer animation studio. Blue-Zoo is mainly known for producing children's TV series, advertising commercials and short films. Some of the more popular children's shows the studio has produced are Miffy and Friends, Alphablocks, Digby Dragon and Miffy's Adventures Big and Small. The company operates from a studio in Fitzrovia, London, where they have a team of over 100 artists. It later opened up a new studio, adjacent to its main studio, specializing in 2D animation. 



Drancy

Drancy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Dugny

Dugny is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Épinay-sur-Seine

Épinay-sur-Seine is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Gagny

Gagny is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.



Gournay-sur-Marne

Gournay-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. It is located from the center of Paris.

L'Île-Saint-Denis

L'Île-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Les Lilas

Les Lilas is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Livry-Gargan

Livry-Gargan is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Agencourt

Agencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Côte-d'Or department in the eastern part of France.

Quetigny

Quetigny is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Conch Republic

The Conch Republic is a micronation secession of the city of Key West, Florida, from the United States on April 23, 1982. Since then, the term "Conch Republic" has expanded to refer to "all of the Florida Keys".

While the protests that created the Conch Republic have been described by some as "tongue-in-cheek," they were caused by frustrations over real concerns. The original protest event was caused by a U.S. Border Patrol roadblock and checkpoint that was inconvenient to residence.

The Conch Republic celebrates its Independence Day every April 23 as part of a week-long festival of activities involving numerous businesses in Key West. The organization — a "Sovereign State of Mind", seeking only to bring more "Humor, Warmth and Respect" to a world in sore need of all three according to its late Secretary General, Peter Anderson — is a key tourism booster for the area.

Montfermeil

Montfermeil is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Catlin, Illinois

Catlin is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Taliaferro County, Georgia

Taliaferro County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 1,559 people lived there. The county seat is Crawfordville.

Gopurangal Saivathillai

Gopurangal Saivathillai is a 1982 Tamil language drama film written and directed by Manivannan. The film features Mohan, Suhasini and Radha in lead roles, while S. Ve. Shekher and Vinu Chakravarthy play supporting roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 October 1982. This was Manivannan's first film as director. It was remade in Telugu as Mukku Pudaka with Bhanu Chander, Suhasini and Vijayashanti, while Suhasini reprising her role from the original. It was remade in Kannada as Brahma Gantu (1985), and in Hindi as Naseeb Apna Apna (1986).

Arukkani is an illiterate village girl, and her father is upset at having not been able to find her a suitable groom. One day, her father meets his old friend Bhoothalingam and shares his sadness with him; Bhoothalingam proposes that his son Murali marry her, and Arukkani's father accepts. Murali is a handsome, educated man and a successful sales manager. On hearing of his father's plans, he is excited to meet his future bride. However, on his wedding day, he is shocked to see Arukkani, whom he considers ugly. He only begrudgingly marries her. Murali continues to resent her deeply for the way she looks.

Later, Murali takes a transfer through work to Bangalore, leaving behind his father and wife. In Bangalore, he becomes friendly with his modern and stylish colleague, Julie. They fall in love and marry, which means that Murali is cheating on Arukkani. Julie and Murali start their life. Two months later, Murali gets a telegram that his mother is sick and rushes home to find that it was a ruse. His dad forces him to take Arukkani with him to Bangalore. Grudgingly Murali brings her to Bangalore and purposefully loses her in the railway station. However, as a twist of fate, Julie's elder brother Stanley meets Arukkani and brings her to their house that night. Arukkani is shocked upon discovering the truth but keeps quiet on her husband's name to save Murali. Julie hires Arukkani as a stay in maid until her supposed husband returns. She eventually transforms Arukkani into a brown-skinned beauty and somewhat civilised girl.

A month later, both Arukkani and Murali's fathers make a visit to them. Arukkani's father discovers the truth and is shocked to the core, but Arukkani convinces him to not to reveal the truth to Murali's father, fearing for her husband's safety. Arukkani's father agrees with a heavy heart. He convinces Murali's father to leave at midnight so as to leave the couple at privacy. Both Murali and Stanley start to like Arukkani. Finally, Julie learns the truth and sends Murali away with Arukkani, keeping her own pregnancy a secret.

Bob Northern

Robert Northern (May 21, 1934 – May 31, 2020), known professionally as Brother Ah, was an American jazz French hornist. He was born in North Carolina and raised in New York City. 

In the 1970s he released several albums as a bandleader; his 1974 release "Sound Awareness" featured Max Roach and M'Boom. He taught at Dartmouth College from 1970 to 1973, Brown University from 1973 to 1982 and then at the Levine School of Music in Washington, D.C. from 1982.

Northern was also the founder of the World Music Ensemble. 

Northern died in Washington D.C. on May 31, 2020 of respiratory failure aged 86.

National Assembly (Slovenia)

The National Assembly (, or ; Slovene abbreviation DZ), is the general representative body of Slovenia. In the Constitution of Slovenia and the Constitutional Court of Slovenia, it is the major part of the bicameral Slovenian Parliament, the legislative branch of the Republic of Slovenia. 

It has 90 members, elected for a four-year term. 

Vice President of Peru

The Republic of Peru has two Vice Presidents who are elected along with the President in democratic elections. Their only mission is to replace the President in case of death, resignation or removal from office.

The Vice Presidents are first in the Presidential line of succession.

Historically, the job only had one Vice President, which was in place between 1829–1831 and 1858–1862. The two Vice Presidential positions of First and Second Vice Presidents have been in place since 1862.

David Waisman

David Waisman Rjavinsthi (born 4 May 1937) is a former Peruvian politician who was the First Vice President of Peru from 2004 to 2006 under President Alejandro Toledo. Previously, he was the Second Vice President of Peru from 2001 to 2004 also under Alejandro Toledo, a member of Possible Peru until the party was dissolved in 2017, and also a Congressman from 2000 to 2011.

On 28 July 2001, Waisman became Second Vice President of Peru in Alejandro Toledo's government. He was in office from 2001 to 2004. On 14 December 2004, the First Vice President of Peru, Raúl Diez Canseco, resigned from office and thus, Waisman became the First Vice President until 28 July 2006.

In 2006, he was initially appointed by Possible Peru as a presidential candidate but independent Jeanette Emmanuel later replaced him as Perú Posible's candidate. With her withdrawal, Rafael Belaúnde was appointed as the new candidate, but he also withdrew. He instead ran for Congress, and was successfully re-elected as one of the only 2 congressman from Perú Posible, aside from Carlos Bruce.

He is considering running for Vice President once more in the upcoming early 2011 elections alongside Luis Castañeda, after having switched from Perú Posible due to irreconcilable differences with Toledo, to Partido Solidaridad Nacional. He lost his Congressional seat consequently.

Luis Giampietri

Luis Alejandro Giampietri Rojas (31 July 1940 – 4 October 2023) was a Peruvian navy officer and politician. He is a member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. Giampietri ran successfully as Alan García's first running mate in the 2006 Peruvian election, and was sworn in on 28 July 2006 and served until 28 July 2011. He was also elected as Congressman representing the Constitutional Province of Callao for the 2006-2011 term. He lost his seat in the 2011 elections when he ran for re-election under the Radical Change party, but he received a minority of votes and the Radical Change failed to pass the electoral threshold and subsequently lost it's registration the following year. Before he served as Vice President and Congressman, Giampietri was a Lima City Councilman from 1999 to 2002, elected under the Fujimorist Vamos Vecino, close to-then President Alberto Fujimori.

Giampietri was one of the naval officers implicated in the massacre on El Frontón, a prison island off the coast of Callao. The massacre took place during Alan García's administration, on June 18, 1986, after Shining Path prisoners staged an uprising at El Frontón and two other prisons. All the prisoners involved in the rebellion were killed, and Human Rights Watch claimed that evidence suggested that "no fewer than ninety" of the prisoners killed were victims of extrajudicial executions.

Giampietri died in Lima on 4 October 2023, at the age of 83.

Son of Luis Giampietri Berenice and Rosa Rojas Lapoint, he was born in the Bellavista district, Callao. He studied at the San José Maristas schools in Callao and at the Colegio de la Inmaculada.

He entered the Naval School of Peru, from where he graduated as a Bachelor of Naval Sciences in 1960. Later, he would graduate as a Navy Diver, to later specialize in Demolition and Special Operations. In 1968 he would follow the Basic General Staff Course, in 1974, he would graduate from the Advanced General Staff course at the Higher School of Naval Warfare, in 1983 he would study the High Command course at the same school.

Javier Alva Orlandini

Javier Alva Orlandini (December 11, 1927 – June 1, 2020) was Peruvian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the political party Popular Action. He was the 2nd Vice President of Peru during the government of Fernando Belaúnde from 1980 to 1985. He later served as President of Peru's Constitutional Tribunal from 2002 to 2005.

He wrote several books, including "Responding to the Dictatorship", "Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow", the "Vicious Circle", "I Minister", "Word of Honor" and "Yes I swear", and numerous legal articles. The audits, representative legislative, legal, academic and professional are of extensive quality and are recognized by the Peruvian people and their various institutions that have given many honorary degrees.

He was the 2nd Vice President of Peru during the government of Fernando Belaúnde from 1980 to 1985.

Throughout his life he became a Deputy from 1963 to 1968, Minister of Government and Police from 1965 to 1966, Senator from 1980 to 1985 and from 1990 to 1992, President of the Senate from 1981 to 1982, and Congressman from 1995 to 2000.

He ran for President in 1985, but got 4% of the popular vote, losing to Alan García.

Congress of the Republic of Peru

The Congress of the Republic of Peru () is the unicameral body that is legislative power in Peru. 

The current Congress of Peru, sworn in after the 2020 elections, was elected after the dissolution of the previous Congress by President Martin Vizcarra. 

Congressmen serve for a five-year term and can be re-elected as many times as they want even though this is very rare. Elections for congress happen at the same time as the election for president. 

In 2020, Mirtha Vásquez was elected President of the Congress.

The Bridges of Madison County (movie)

The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama movie based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller. 

It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment. 

The movie was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer. 

The movie is about an Italian war bride, Francesca Johnson (Meryl Streep), who lives with her husband and two children on their Iowa farm. In 1965, she meets "National Geographic" photojournalist, Robert Kinkaid (Eastwood).

The movie earned $182 million worldwide. Streep received an Academy Award for Best Actress nomination in 1996 for her performance in the movie.

Thembelihle Mkize

Thembelihle Mkize (born 24 November 1995) is a South African water polo player.

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Lennie Niehaus

Leonard Niehaus (June 11, 1929 – May 28, 2020) was an American saxophonist, arranger, and composer. He played with the Stan Kenton big band, Ray Vasquez Trombonist and Vocalist, Phil Carreon Orchestra, and other jazz bands. He was a movie score composer and worked many times with Clint Eastwood.

Niehaus died on May 28, 2020 under hospice care in Redlands, California from heart disease at the age of 90.

Lee-Anne Keet

Lee-Anne Keet (born 12 October 1982) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Ingvar Ericsson (runner)

Ingvar Axel Harald Ericsson (31 August 1927 – 14 May 2020) was a Swedish middle-distance runner. He was in the 1500 m event. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in 1952. 

At the European championships he was seventh in 1950 and fourth in 1954. Ericsson won the national 1500 m title in 1952, 1954 and 1955. He was a firefighter by profession.

Asif Farrukhi

Asif Aslam Farrukhi (), was a Pakistani writer and editor. He was a physician by training. He translated books from English into Urdu. He edited anthologies of Pakistani writers. He also wrote for Dawn and other newspapers, and periodicals on literature. He received the Tamgha-e-Imtiaz, the fourth highest civilian honour of Pakistan.

Farrukhi was born on 16 September 1959. He died on 1 June 2020 in Karachi, aged 60.

Joey Image

Joey Image (born Joey Poole; 5 March 1957 – 1 June 2020) was an American punk rock drummer. He joined the Misfits in November 1978. He was the drummer for both the "Horror Business" and "Night of the Living Dead" in 1979. He was born in Weehawken, New Jersey.

In 2016, he was diagnosed with liver cancer. Image died on 1 June 2020 in Florida from the disease, aged 63.

Tarryn Schooling

Tarryn Schooling (born 18 January 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Lee Grosscup

Clyde Lee Edward Grosscup (December 27, 1936 – June 1, 2020) was an American football player and broadcaster. He was born in Santa Monica, California. Grosscup played for the New York Giants from 1959 to 1961. He spent one season calling AFL games for NBC. He retired in 2018.

Grosscup died on June 1, 2020 from problems caused by a fall in Utah, aged 83.

Janez Kocijančič

Janez Kocijančič (October 20, 1941 – June 1, 2020) was a Slovene politician and lawyer. He was also the President of the Slovenian Olympic Committee from 1991 to 2014. From 1993 to 1996, he was Deputy.

Kocijančič died on June 1, 2020 in Ljubljana, aged 78.

Kimberly Schmidt

Kimberly Schmidt (born 22 September 1983) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Anke Jacobs

Anke Jacobs (born 28 July 1987) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.


Myroslav Skoryk

Myroslav Skoryk (, 13 July 1938 – 1 June 2020) was a Ukrainian composer and teacher. His music is contemporary. He was born in Lwów, Ukraine. 

Skoryk was awarded the titles People's Artist of Ukraine and Hero of Ukraine. In April 2011 Skoryk was made artistic director of Kyiv Opera, a position he held until 2016. He also taught at the Lviv and Kyiv conservatory.

Skoryk died on 1 June 2020 in Kyiv, Ukraine at the age of 81.

Maurice Dayan

Maurice Dayan (25 January 1935 – 2 May 2020) was a French psychoanalyst and university professor. He taught psychology at the University of Montpellier, then at Paris Descartes University. Dayan then was a professor of psychopathology at Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, then at Paris Diderot University. 

From 1995 to 2000, he directed the Laboratoire de psychanalyse et de psychopathologie, which was created by Laplanche in 1970.

Dayan died on 2 May 2020 at the age of 85.

Aldir Blanc

Aldir Blanc Mendes (2 September 1946 – 4 May 2020) was a Brazilian songwriter. He co-composed many songs with singer-songwriter João Bosco, guitarist Guinga, and others. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Elis Regina recorded several of his songs such as "O bêbado e a equilibrista". 

Blanc's work from 1972 to 1987, he was analyzed by Charles A. Perrone in "Masters of Contemporary Brazilian Song MPB 1965–1985".

Blanc died of COVID-19 on 4 May 2020 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 73.

Sergei Adian

Sergei Ivanovich Adian, also Adyan (; ; 1 January 1931 – 5 May 2020) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was a professor at the Moscow State University. He was known for his work in group theory, especially on the Burnside problem.

Adian died on 5 May 2020, aged 89.

Georg Ernst Stahl

Georg Ernst Stahl (22 October 1659 – 24 May 1734) was a German chemist, physician, and philosopher. He supported vitalism. His works on the phlogiston theory were used to explain chemical processes until the late-18th century.

Abraham Yakin

Abraham Yakin (; 31 July 1924 – 10 May 2020) was an Israeli artist.

Abraham Yakin was born in Jerusalem. He started his artistic training at Bezalel Academy after World War II. Yakin joined the Israel Defense Forces after Israel declared independence. 

He had his first exhibition in 1953. In 1957 he married Hannah. In 1961, Yakin won the international Adolphe Neumann Prize in Paris. His works are in the Israel Museum, Jerusalem, the Musee d'Art Juif, Paris, and several museums in the Netherlands.

Yakin died on 10 May 2020 in Jerusalem, aged 95.

Derek Lawrence

Derek John Lawrence (16 November 1941 – 13 May 2020) was an English record producer. He was famous for his work for Joe Meek's Outlaws, Deep Purple, Flash, Machiavel and Wishbone Ash.

Lawrence died on 13 May 2020 in Peterborough, England at the age of 78.

Clive Limpkin

Clive Limpkin (1937 – 13 May 2020) was a British photojournalist and writer. He worked as a photojournalist for "The Sun" in the 1960s and 1970s before joining the "Daily Mail". He also worked as a freelance photographer for the "Daily Express", "The Sunday Times", and "The Observer".

Limpkin died at his home in London of brain cancer on 13 May 2020 at the age of 82.

Ronald Ludington

Ronald Ludington (September 4, 1934 – May 14, 2020) was an American figure skating coach and pair skater. He worked with his wife Nancy Rouillard Ludington. He was the 1960 Olympic bronze medalist, 1959 World bronze medalist, and a four-time U.S. national champion. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Ludington died on May 14, 2020 in Newark, Delaware at the age of 85.

Peggy Etiebet

Peggy Etiebet (born 19 March 1976) is a British water polo player and coach. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

On a club level, she played for Szentesi VK. She coached for the Senior Women's Water Polo team. 

She is a barrister.

Magnetic susceptibility

Magnetic susceptibility shows whether a material is attracted into or repelled out of a magnetic field. It is a term in electromagnetism.

It can be measured. Magnetic susceptibility is a prediction of how magnetised a material will get in a magnetic field. It shows whether a material will be attracted or repelled by a magnet.

Hassan Hosny

Hassan Hosny () (June 19, 1936 – May 30, 2020) was an Egyptian actor and comedian. He was known for his roles in "El Nazer" ("The headmaster") (2000), "El basha telmiz" (2004) and "Zaky Chan" (2005). He was known as the Joker of Egyptian cinema. He was born in Cairo.

Hosny died of a heart attack in Cairo on May 30, 2020 at the age of 88.

Lily Lian

Lily Lian (1 May 1917 – 24 May 2020) was a French singer. She was seen as one of the last street singers of Paris. She worked with Édith Piaf, Tino Rossi, Maurice Chevalier, and Yves Montand. For two years, she was the mistress of actor and music composer Vincent Scotto. Lian made many appearances on his show, titled "La Chance aux chansons".

Lian died on 24 May 2020 in Ivry-sur-Seine, France at the age of 103.

Osia Lewis

Osia Lewis (December 3, 1962 – May 31, 2020) was an American professional arena football player. He played four seasons in the Arena Football League with the Chicago Bruisers and Albany Firebirds. He played college football at Oregon State University. He was born in Anchorage, Alaska.

Lewis died May 31, 2020 from liver cancer in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 57.

Claire Nixon

Claire Nixon (born 14 November 1993) is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She was born in Stafford, Staffordshire. She was educated at Great Wyrley High School. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Aine Hoy

Aine Hoy (born 16 October 1987) is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

At the club level, she played for Olympic Nice Natation.


Barun, India

Barun is a small town in Bihar in the District Aurangabad.
Barun is located 133.7 km (83.1 mi) from Patna Junction station and 11.6 km (7.2 mi) from Aurangabad. The bridge No. 4 for crossing over the Son river is 2.5 km (1.6 mi) away and Dehri-on-sone across river is 5.4 km (3.4 mi) away.
The Pincode of Barun is 824112. Barun is located just 2 km (1.2 mi) away from Grand Trunk Road, which crosses over Sone River to Dehri.

Arisney Ramos

Arisney Ramos (born 11 May 1989) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sayaun Thunga Phulka

"Sayaũ Thũgā Phūlkā" (, ; "Made of Hundreds of Flowers"), has been the national anthem of Nepal since August 2007, replacing ""Rāṣṭriya Gān"" after a change in regime. The lyrics (words) were written by Byākul Māilā and the music was composed by Amber Gurung.


The Virgin Queen (movie)

The Virgin Queen is a 1955 American period drama movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Bette Davis, Rod Taylor, Richard Todd, Joan Collins, Nelson Leigh, Herbert Marshall, Jay Robinson, Dan O'Herlihy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1956.


Unikitty!

Unikitty! (stylised as UniKitty!) is an American-Danish-Canadian animated television series produced by The Lego Group and Warner Bros. Animation for Cartoon Network.

Princess Unikitty (voiced by Tara Strong) <br>
Prince Puppycorn (voiced by Grey DeLisle) <br>
Dr. Fox (voiced by Kate Micucci) <br>
Hawkodile (voiced by Roger Craig Smith)<br>
Richard (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) <br>
Master Frown (voiced by Eric Bauza <br>
Brock (voiced by H. Michael Croner)


Someone Like You (movie)

Someone Like You is a 2001 American romantic comedy movie directed by Tony Goldwyn and based on the 1998 novel "Animal Husbandry" by Laura Zigman. It stars Ashley Judd, Ellen Barkin, Greg Kinnear, Hugh Jackman, Marisa Tomei, Laura Regan, Peter Friedman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Jebel Irhoud

Jebel Irhoud (or Adrar Ighud, Berber: "") is an archaeological site. It is just north of Tlet Ighoud, about south-east of Safi in Morocco. 

The site is noted for the hominin fossils that have been found there since its discovery in 1960. Originally thought to be Neanderthals, the specimens have since been assigned to "Homo sapiens" and have been dated to roughly 300,000 years ago ( for the Irhoud 3 mandible, based on other fossils and the flint artefacts found nearby). 

Hank Mason

Henry Mason (June 19, 1931 – May 29, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a relief pitcher with the 1958 and 1960 Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball. He began his career with the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League. He was a starting pitcher in the 1954 East-West Game. Mason was born in Marshall, Missouri.

Mason died on May 29, 2020 in Richmond, Virginia at the age of 88.

Broken Silence

Broken Silence is a 1996 Swiss drama movie directed by Wolfgang Panzer and stars Martin Huber, Ameenah Kaplan, Michael Moriaty. It was distributed by Camera Obscura.

Marshall, Missouri

Marshall is a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,806 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Saline County. 

Akalla

Akalla is a district of Sweden, west of Stockholm. About 9,100 people live in Akalla, from many different countries and cultures. The type of houses in Akalla are mostly high rises, and terraced houses. In the centre of Akalla there are restaurants, stores, schools, and pre-schools.

There are four primary schools in Akalla, the most important are Oxhagsskolan and Akalla Grundskola. 

There are three nature reserves around Akalla. 

Akalla is on the blue line of the metro system. 

Most of Akalla voted for the Social democratic party. 

The footballer Robin Quaison and the rapper Dree Low come from Akalla.

Jared Fogle

Jared Scott Fogle (born August 23, 1977) is an American former spokesperson for Subway and a convicted sex offender. In the 2000s, he was used to market the promotion of healthy eating with Subway.

Born in Indianapolis, Fogle graduated from North Central High School and Indiana University in 1995 and 2000, respectively. He drew the attention of Subway and the media when an acquaintance wrote an article in the "Indiana Daily Student" about Fogle losing , which he attributed to eating Subway sandwiches. Subway hired Fogle as a spokesperson in 2000, and he was featured in much of the company's advertising from 2000 to 2015; he appeared in Subway commercials, was parodied in an episode of "South Park", and had appearances in the "Sharknado" film series, among others.

Fogle's role as a spokesperson with Subway ended in 2015 after he was investigated for paying for sex with minors and receiving child pornography; he had been the subject of a long-running investigation by the FBI since 2007. On August 19, 2015, he agreed to plead guilty in federal court to possessing child pornography and traveling to pay for sex with minors. Fogle formally pleaded guilty to the charges on November 19 of that year, and was sentenced to serve 15 years, 8 months in federal prison, with a minimum of 13 years before becoming eligible for early release.

You vs. Wild

You vs. Wild is a 2019 American/British/Canadian adventure reality television series on Netflix. The show lets the person watching play a game with Bear Grylls. The game is played by making decisions to help Grylls survive and complete missions in harsh, scary environments. Grylls asks the person watching what to do next, like if he should climb a cliff or move along a coastline. The show came out on April 10, 2019 and has eight episodes.



Antonia's Line

Antonia's Line (Original title: Antonia) is a 1995 Dutch Belgian drama movie directed by Marleen Gorris and starring Willeke van Ammelrooy, Els Dottermans, Jan Decleir, Victor Löw, Johan Heldenbergh, Dora van der Groen. It was distributed by Asmik Ace Entertainment and won an Academy Award in 1996.

The Assault (1986 movie)

The Assault is a 1986 Dutch World War II drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and based on the novel of the same name by Harry Mulisch. It stars Derek de Lint, Marc van Uchelen, Monique van de Ven, John Kraaijkamp, Huub van der Lubbe and was distributed by Cannon Films. It won an Academy Award in 1987.


Character (movie)

Character () is a 1997 Dutch Belgian period drama movie directed by Mike van Diem and based on the novel of the same name by Ferdinand Bordewijk. It stars Jan Decleir, Fedja van Huêt, Betty Schuurman, Victor Löw, Hans Kesting and won an Academy Award in 1998.


Yol

Yol () is a 1982 Turkish Swiss drama movie directed by Şerif Gören and Yılmaz Güney and stars Tarık Akan, Şerif Sezer, Halil Ergün, Meral Orhonsay.

Prime Cut

Prime Cut is a 1972 American crime thriller movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Lee Marvin, Gene Hackman, Sissy Spacek, Angel Tompkins, Howard Platt, Eddie Egan, Les Lannom. It was distributed by National General Pictures.


Aliannis Ramírez

Aliannis Ramírez (born 23 September 1997) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Dianela Fría

Dianela Fría (born 8 July 2000) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Cecilia Díaz

Cecilia Díaz Mesa (born 19 June 1996) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Daniuska Carrasco

Daniuska Carrasco (born 7 August 1997) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sodom (band)

Sodom is a thrash metal band from Gelsenkirchen in Germany. The band was formed in 1981.




Thaimí González

Thaimí González (born 6 November 1995) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Vampyr

Vampyr is a 1932 German Danish French horror movie directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and based on the 1872 story by Sheridan Le Frau. It stars Nicolas de Gunzburg, Rena Mandel, Sybille Schmitz, Maurice Schutz.


Dalia Grau

Dalia Grau Quintero (born 1 February 1995) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Morgane Chabrier

Morgane Chabrier (born 17 October 1993) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Bridge to Nowhere

Bridge to Nowhere is a 1986 New Zealand American horror thriller movie directed by Ian Mune and starring Bruno Lawrence, Matthew Hunter, Margaret Umbers, Shelly Luxford, Stephen Judd, Philip Gordon. It was distributed by Mirage Films.


Kenting Music Festival

Kenting Music Festival, is also known as Kenting Spring Scream Music Festival. Pingtung county government in Taiwan hosts this event in April every year. Hotels and resorts in Hengchun Peninsula sponsor this event.

The Kenting Music Festival originated as Chun Na , a local musical event, in 1995. Two Americans: Jimi and Wade, hosted the first Chun Na at Liufu Mountain Villa in Kenting. Taiwan's popular musical bands and singers such as Mayday, Sodagreen, and Zhang Huimei had all participated in Chun Na before they became famous .

Sandgrouse

The sandgrouse is any one of the sixteen species of a family of ground-dwelling birds known as the Pteroclidae. They usually occur in steppe-like environments, with large open spaces, and few if any trees. They occur mostly in Africa and Asia. Some species also live on the Iberian peninsula, and in France. They mostly eat seeds.

McFarland &amp; Company

McFarland & Company, Inc. is an independent book publisher in Jefferson, North Carolina. They focus on academic and reference books, as well as general interest nonfiction for adults. Its president is Rhonda Herman. Its former president and current editor-in-chief is Robert Franklin, who created the company in 1979. McFarland has about 50 employees, and has published 7,800 books. McFarland's initial print is about 600 copies per book.

McLaren Automotive

McLaren Automotive is an English sports car company. It is based in Woking, Surrey. It is owned by McLaren Group. It was started as McLaren Automotive on 2 December 1985, and was renamed in 2010 to McLaren Automotive. 1962

Arrogate

Arrogate (April 11, 2013 – June 2, 2020) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the 2016 Travers Stakes in a track record in his first stakes appearance. He then won the Breeders' Cup Classic and was named the American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse and World's Best Racehorse of 2016. 

He won the 2017 Pegasus World Cup in a new track record followed by a win in the Dubai World Cup. 

Arrogate was euthanized after falling in his stable on June 2, 2020 at the age of 7.

Héctor Suárez

Héctor Suárez Hernández (October 21, 1938 – June 2, 2020) was a Mexican actor and comedian. Suárez was best known for many roles in Mexican comedy. He also starred in "Cesar Chavez". He was known for his roles in "National Mechanics", "El buscabullas" and "El derecho de nacer".

Suárez died on June 2, 2020 in Mexico City from bladder cancer, aged 81.

Carlo Ubbiali

Carlo Ubbiali (22 September 1929 – 2 June 2020) was an Italian nine-time World Champion motorcycle road racer. In the 1950s, he was a known sportsperson in the smaller classes of Grand Prix motorcycle racing. He won six 125cc and three 250cc world titles. He was born in Bergamo, Italy.

Ubbiali died on 2 June 2020 in Bergamo of respiratory failure, aged 90.

Wes Unseld

Westley Sissel Unseld (March 14, 1946 – June 2, 2020) was an American professional basketball player, coach and executive. He spent his entire National Basketball Association (NBA) career with the Baltimore/Capital/Washington Bullets. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Unseld played college basketball for the Louisville Cardinals and was selected with the second overall pick by the Bullets in the 1968 NBA draft. He was named the NBA Most Valuable Player.

Unseld won an NBA championship with the Bullets in 1978. After retiring from playing in 1981, he worked with the Bullets as a vice president, head coach and general manager.

Unseld was added into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1988 and the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006.

Unseld died of pneumonia on June 2, 2020 at the age of 74.

Lorene Derenty

Lorene Derenty (born 4 September 1994) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Marion Tardy

Marion Tardy (born 12 July 1993 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. 

On the club level, she played for Lille Métropole Water-Polo. 

Lucie Cesca

Lucie Cesca (born 26 November 1994) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Sonia Bouloukbachi

Sonia Bouloukbachi (born 10 January 1996) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Willie Francis

Willie Francis (January 12, 1929 – May 9, 1947) is best known for surviving a failed execution by electrocution in the United States. He was a juvenile offender sentenced to death at age 16 by the state of Louisiana in 1945. He was found guilty for the murder of Andrew Thomas, a Cajun pharmacy owner in St. Martinville who had once employed Francis. Francis was 17 when he survived the first attempt to execute him because the chair did not work correctly. He tried to appeal his case to the US Supreme Court, but the Supreme Court rejected it. He was executed in 1947 at age 18.

In 1944, Andrew Thomas, a pharmacist in St. Martinville, Louisiana, was shot and killed. His murder was unsolved for nine months. However, in August 1945, Willie Francis was arrested in Texas because he was a suspect for an unrelated crime. Police said that he was carrying Thomas' wallet in his pocket, but no evidence of this was given during the trial. 

Even though he wrote two confessions, Francis said he was not guilty. During his trial, the court-chosen defense attorneys had no objections, called no witnesses, and put up no defense. Francis' confessions were not questioned by the defense, although he had no counsel at the time. Two days after the trial began, Francis was quickly convicted of murder. He was sentenced to death by twelve jurors and the judge, even though Francis was 15 years old at the time of the crime.

On May 3, 1946, Francis survived an attempt at execution by the electric chair. Witnesses said they heard Francis scream from behind the leather hood, "Take it off! Take it off! Let me breathe goddammit!" as the electricity was being used. The electric chair, known as "Gruesome Gertie," was found to have been set up incorrectly by a drunk prison guard and inmate from the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola. The sheriff, E.L. Resweber, later said, "This boy really got a shock when they turned that machine on."

After the failed execution, a young lawyer named Bertrand DeBlanc, decided to take Francis' case. He believed it was cruel and unusual punishment, as prohibited in the Constitution, to have him be executed again. DeBlanc took Francis' case to the Supreme Court in "Francis v. Resweber", 329 U.S. 459 (1947). He cited many violations of his Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendment rights. These included violations of equal protection, double jeopardy, and cruel and unusual punishment.

The US Supreme Court rejected the appeal. Willie Francis was returned to the electric chair on May 9, 1947. He was pronounced dead in the chair at 12:10 p.m. (CST).



Lockheed Martin Transit Center

Lockheed Martin Transit Center is a light rail and transit bus station ran by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), located in Sunnyvale, California. This station is served by the Orange Line of the VTA Light Rail system.

The land for the transit center was donated by Lockheed Martin during the planning of VTA's Tasman West light rail extension.

National Mechanics

National Mechanics (Spanish:"Mecánica nacional") is a 1972 Mexican comedy drama movie directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring Manolo Fábregas, Lucha Villa, Héctor Suárez, Sara García, Alma Muriel, Pancho Córdova, Aurora Clavel, Alejandro Ciangherotti.

Yuko Umeda

Yuko Umeda (born 4 March 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Dear Gorbachev

Caro Gorbachev (internationally released as Dear Gorbachev) is a 1988 Italian drama movie directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Harvey Keitel, Flaminia Lizzani, Gianluca Favilla.

Tsubasa Mori

Tsubasa Mori (born 18 October 1991) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Leningrad Cowboys Go America

Leningrad Cowboys Go America is a 1989 Finnish–Swedish comedy movie directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Matti Pellonpää, Kari Väänänen, Sakke Järvenpää, Sakari Kuosmanen, Nicky Tesco. It was distributed by Finnkino and was followed by 1994 sequel "Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses".


Mitsuki Hashiguchi

Mitsuki Hashiguchi (born 14 February 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Yumi Nakano

Yumi Nakano (born 1 July 1986) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Ayaka Takahashi

Ayaka Takahashi (born 28 May 1992) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


El buscabullas

El buscabullas ("Brawlers") is a 1976 Mexican western drama movie directed by Raúl de Anda, Jr. and starring Rodolfo de Anda, Héctor Suárez, Silvia Manríquez, Jorge Russek. It was distributed by Cine Visión.

Lovefool

"Lovefool" is a song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for Swedish rock band The Cardigans' third studio album, "First Band on the Moon" (1996). It was released as the album's lead single on 14 September 1996 in the United Kingdom and internationally on 5 October 1996.

Jacques Noyer

Jacques Moïse Eugène Noyer (17 April 1927 – 2 June 2020) was a French Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of Amiens from 31 October 1987 to 10 March 2003. He was born in Le Touquet, France.

He was a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 1993.

Noyer died on 2 June 2020 in Le Touquet at the age of 93.

Jacques Gaillot

Jacques Gaillot (; 11 September 1935 – 12 April 2023); generally known in French as Monseigneur Gaillot) was a French Catholic clergyman and social activist. He was Bishop of Évreux in France from 1982 to 1995. In 1995, Pope John Paul II removed him as head of his diocese.

He is known as the "The Red Cleric". He was born in Saint-Dizier, Champagne.
Gaillot died on 12 April 2023, at the age of 87.

Lucha Villa

Luz Elena Ruiz Bejarano (born November 30, 1936), more commonly known by her stage name Lucha Villa, is a Mexican singer and actress. She was born in Camargo, Chihuahua. Her music genre isRegional Mexican. Her best known role is as Isabel in the 1972 movie "National Mechanics".


Power (movie)

Power is a 1986 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Gere, Gene Hackman, Julie Christie, Denzel Washington, Kate Capshaw, Beatrice Straight, E. G. Marshall, Fritz Weaver, J. T. Walsh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Vengeance of She

The Vengeance of She is a 1968 British fantasy adventure movie directed by Cliff Owen and starring John Richardson, Olga Schoberová, Edward Judd, André Morrell, Colin Blakley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is a loose sequel to the 1965 movie "She".

Moe Nakata

Moe Nakata (born 2 June 1991) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Zanne Smit

Zanne Smit (born 3 March 2001) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nelumbo indica

Nelumbo Indica, or Nelumbo speciosa, also known as Indus Valley lotus, Sindhu lotus, Sindhi lotus, Bean of Pakistan, Pakistani bean or simply Asiatic white lotus, is one of two extant Asian species of aquatic plant in the family Nelumbonaceae. It is indigenous in the Indus delta of the lower Indus ecoregion, Arabian Sea, Pakistan. It has a very wide native distribution, ranging from eastern, central and northern Pakistan (at altitudes up to in the Western Himalayas through southern plains of the Punjab and Sindh, it is also the ""Provincial flower of Sindh"" respectively. 

Christine Abrahamse

Christine Abrahamse (born 18 January 1998) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Chloe Meecham

Chloe Meecham (born 16 February 1999) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nicola Macleod

Nicola Macleod (born 14 May 1997) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for University of Cape Town.


The Woman Inside

The Woman Inside is a 1981 Canadian American drama movie directed by Joseph Van Winkle and starring Gloria Manon, Leo Köppen, Dane Clark, Joan Blondell, Michael Champion. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jordan Wedderburn

Jordan Wedderburn (born 30 December 2002) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kate Hinrichs

Kate Hinrichs (born 16 February 2000) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Long Island University's women's volleyball team.


Răscoala

Răscoala is a 1965 Romanian drama movie directed by Mircea Mureșan and starring Matei Alexandru, Ion Besoiu, Adriana Bogdan, Emil Botta, Ilarion Ciobanu.

Lucy Miszewski

Lucy Miszewski (born 16 February 2000) is a South African water-polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Georgia Moir

Georgia Moir (born 5 December 1997) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Emma Joubert

Emma Joubert (born 18 June 1998) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sartrouville

Sartrouville is a French commune. It is in the Yvelines department.

About 51,967 people lived here in 2017.

Its inhabitants are called the "Sartrouvillois".

A Sound of Thunder

"A Sound of Thunder" is a short story by Ray Bradbury. It was first published in 1952 in "Collier's" magazine. "A Sound of Thunder" is a science fiction story with time travel.

In the year 2055, some men run a time travel company taking tourists back in time to hunt dinosaurs and other animals in the past. They are careful to only kill animals that are about to die anyway and not to change anything in the past because they know that could change the present. The day after a United States presidential election, they take customers back in time to kill a "Tyrannosaurus rex". One customer is careless and steps on a butterfly, killing it. When they return to the present, they find that the outcome of the election the day before has changed—a dictator was elected President of the United States.

In 2004, "A Sound of Thunder" was made into a movie. The movie did not do well.

In the Halloween 1994 episode of "The Simpsons", Treehouse of Horror V, Homer Simpson goes back in time over and over and accidentally kills things, changing the present each time. The story was called "Time and Punishment."

Workplace bullying

Workplace bullying is bullying that occurs in the workplace.

Berrien, Finistère

Berrien is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Beuzec-Cap-Sizun

Beuzec-Cap-Sizun () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bodilis

Bodilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bohars

Bohars () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bolazec

Bolazec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Botmeur

Botmeur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Botsorhel

Botsorhel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bourg-Blanc

Bourg-Blanc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brasparts

Brasparts () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brélès

Brélès () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brennilis

Brennilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Briec

Briec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages

Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Brignogan-Plages (the seat) and Plounéour-Trez.

Camaret-sur-Mer

Camaret-sur-Mer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Carantec

Carantec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Carhaix-Plouguer

Carhaix-Plouguer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cast, Finistère

Cast () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Châteauneuf-du-Faou

Châteauneuf-du-Faou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cléden-Cap-Sizun

Cléden-Cap-Sizun () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Cléden-Poher

Cléden-Poher () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cléder

Cléder () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Clohars-Carnoët

Clohars-Carnoët () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. It has two small harbours: Le Pouldu and Doëlan.

Clohars-Fouesnant

Clohars-Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Cloître-Pleyben

Le Cloître-Pleyben () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec

Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Coat-Méal

Coat-Méal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Collorec

Collorec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Combrit

Combrit () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Commana

Commana () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Abdollah Javadi Amoli

Abdollah Javadi Amoli () is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja. He is a conservative Iranian politician, philosopher and one of the prominent Islamic scholars of the Hawza in Qom. The official website for his scientific foundation, Isra, describes him as a well-known, outstanding thinker in various fields of Islamic sciences and a distinguished figure in exegesis, jurisprudence, philosophy and mysticism. It is further states that his ideas and views have been reinforcing the Islamic Republic of Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, and that "his strategic and enlightening guidance" has been "extremely constructive" during the past three decades.

Nouveau riche

The word nouveau riche (French for "new rich" or "new wealthy") in English is used in a pejorative manner to describe people who managed to accumulate a large sum of money and wealth within their own generation (such as by winning in lottery or through prosperous businesses, for example), unlike the "vieux riche" ("old money", "old rich"), whose net worth was acquired through inheritance and come from generations, and are often perceived to lack the refinement and etiquette traditionally attributed to the old rich by the latter.

Sociologically speaking, "nouveau riche" refers to a person who formerly had belonged to a lower social class and economic stratum within that class; and that the new money, which constitutes his/her wealth, granted them upward social mobility and provided the means for conspicuous consumption, the buying of goods and services that signal membership in the upper class.


Le Blanc

Le Blanc is a commune. It is found in the region Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre department in the center of France.

Cahokia, Illinois

Cahokia is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Soft landing (rocketry)

A soft landing is a completely controlled landing of a rocket that does not harm anything.

PRA Group

PRA Group is a company based in Virginia which collects nonperforming loans. It was one of the largest debt buyers in the US. 

PRA Group was initially traded as "Portfolio Recovery Associates" in March 1996. It was founded by Kevin Stevenson and Steve Fredrickson. Later, the companystarted purchasing debts and formed as an incorporation in May 1996.

Allie LaForce

Alexandra L. LaForce (born 1988) is a journalist and beauty pageant titleholder from Vermilion, Ohio.

She is a reporter for Turner Sports, covering the "NBA on TNT". She was previously the lead reporter for SEC college football games, a courtside reporter for college basketball games, and the host of "We Need to Talk" on the CBS Sports Network. LaForce also worked as a broadcast sports anchor and reporter for the Cleveland, Ohio, FOX affiliate WJW.

She won Miss Ohio Teen USA 2005, and subsequently, Miss Teen USA 2005. The following year, she crowned Katie Blair as the next Miss Teen USA.

She donated to Cleveland´s healthcare workers in April 2020 amidst the COVID-19 panic. 

She is the wife of Joe Smith, an athlete, who she married in 2015.


Irbid Governorate

The Irbid Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Irbid.

Ajloun Governorate

The Ajloun Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Ajloun.

Jerash Governorate

The Jerash Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Jerash.

Mafraq Governorate

The Mafraq Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Mafraq, which is known for its military bases.

Concarneau

Concarneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Neuilly-Plaisance

Neuilly-Plaisance is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Mauvezin, Gers

Mauvezin is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.

Bellegarde, Gers

Bellegarde is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.

Zarqa Governorate

The Zarqa Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Zarqa.

Liberty County, Georgia

Liberty County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 65,256 people lived there. The county seat is Hinesville.

The Buddy System (movie)

The Buddy System is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Glenn Jordan and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Nancy Allen, Jean Stapleton, Wil Wheaton, Edward Winter, Milton Selzer.


Southeast Europe

Southeast Europe or Southeastern Europe is a relatively recent political designation mostly for the countries of the Balkans.

From the 1990s onwards, in part due to the negative historical and political connotations of the term "Balkans", especially since the wars and massacres of the 1990s in Yugoslavia in the western half of the region, the term "Southeast Europe" is becoming increasingly popular.

Nthatisi Mota

Nthatisi Mota (born 12 April 2000) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Hotchkiss School.

Bridget Layburn

Bridget Layburn (born 27 June 2001) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Westlake Girls High School. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Kate Enoka

Kate Enoka (born 5 April 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt. She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team. She coaches at Tauranga Water Polo club.


Edgbaston

Edgbaston is an area of Birmingham, England. It is one of the richest areas of the city and there are many expensive houses. Edgbaston Cricket Ground is here, which is well known around the world. The University of Birmingham is also nearby.

Amanda Lemon

Amanda Lemon (born 16 July 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kaitlyn Howarth

Kaitlyn Howarth (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Rangitoto College.


Grace Tobin

Grace Tobin (born 9 June 1997) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Kristin School.


Katie McKenty

Katie McKenty (born 30 January 1996) is a New Zealand water polo player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019, 2022, 2023 and 2024 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Takapuna Grammar School. She played for Hartwick College's women's water polo team.


Morgan Mcdowall

Morgan Mcdowall (born 29 March 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Elizabeth Alsemgeest

Elizabeth Alsemgeest (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for St Cuthbert's College, Auckland.


Moral Orel

Moral Orel is a 2005-2008 American adult black comedy stop motion animated TV series which aired in Adult Swim. It's about a young boy named Orel who lives in an fictional city of Moralton, in a fictional state called Statesota in a Christian household with his father, mother and younger brother. 


Cadbury

Cadbury is a British chocolate company. Since 2010 it has been owned by Mondelez International (originally Kraft Foods) 

John Cadbury a Quaker who sold tea, coffee and drinking chocolate opened a grocers shop in 1824. Cadbury developed the business with his brother Benjamin, followed by his sons Richard and George. It quickly became the biggest chocolate maker in the world. George developed the Bournville estate, a model village designed to give the company's workers improved living conditions. Dairy Milk chocolate, introduced by George Jr in 1905, used more milk in the recipe than rival products. By 1914, it was the company's best-selling product. Successive members of the Cadbury family have invented new chocolate products. Cadbury, Rowntree's and Fry's were the big three British confectionery manufacturers in the 19th and 20th centuries. Cadbury was granted its first royal warrant from Queen Victoria in 1854. It held a royal warrant from Elizabeth II from 1955 to 2022. Cadbury merged with J. S. Fry & Sons in 1919, and Schweppes in 1969. It was known as Cadbury Schweppes until 2008, when the American beverage business was split as Dr Pepper Snapple Group; the rights ownership of the Schweppes brand had already differed between various countries since 2006. In 1992, Sir Adrian Cadbury, chairman of the company for 24 years, produced the Cadbury Report, a code of best practice which served as a basis for reform of corporate governance around the world. Cadbury was in the FTSE 100 on the London Stock Exchange from when it started in 1984 until the company was bought by Kraft Foods Inc. in 2010.

42nd parallel north

The 42nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 42 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 15 minutes during the summer solstice and 9 hours, 7 minutes during the winter solstice.

Spencer Dryden

Spencer Charles Dryden (April 7, 1938 – January 11, 2005) was an American musician. He is best known as a drummer for Jefferson Airplane and New Riders of the Purple Sage. He also played with the Dinosaurs and the Ashes (later known as the Peanut Butter Conspiracy). He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.

Dryden was born in New York City. His father was actor and director Wheeler Dryden. He was also a nephew of British actor Charlie Chaplin. He was married three times and had three sons.

On January 11, 2005, Dryden died from metastasized colon cancer in Petaluma, California. He was 66.

Wide Blue Yonder (movie)

Wide Blue Yonder () is a 2010 Norwegian British black comedy movie directed by Robert Young and based on the play by Hugh Janes. It stars Brian Cox, Lauren Bacall, James Fox, Hege Schøyen, Ingrid Bolsø Berdal and it was distributed by Europafilm.


47th parallel north

The 47th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 47 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 54 minutes during the summer solstice and 8 hours, 31 minutes during the winter solstice.

13th meridian east

The meridian 13° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.

The 13th meridian east forms a great circle with the 167th meridian west.

20th meridian east

The meridian 20° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic and Indian oceans, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.

The 20th meridian east forms a great circle with the 160th meridian west.

Part of Namibia's borders with Botswana and South Africa are defined by the meridian. The boundary between the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean is defined by the meridian. The meridian defines the eastern limit of the New Swabia area in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.

Majek Fashek

Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek (pronounced as "Ma-je-ko-dun-mi Ifa-kii-she-eke") (March 1963 – June 2, 2020) was a Nigerian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was best known in his home country for the 1988 album "Prisoner of Conscience", which included the multiple award-winning single "Send Down the Rain". He worked with Tracy Chapman, Jimmy Cliff, Michael Jackson, Snoop Dogg, and Beyoncé.
In the early eighties, Fashek, who at the time went by the stage name Rajesh Kanal, joined the group Jastix with McRoy Gregg, and Drummer Black ‘Rice. They were best known as the in-house band on the show "Music Panorama" on NTA Benin and toured with fellow reggae group "The Mandators". Jastix were also session musicians for upcoming reggae singer Edi Rasta, who would later be known as Evi-Edna Ogholi.

Majek Fashek attracted international attention, when his self-penned tune, “Send Down The Rain,” appeared to coax a rainstorm that ended one among the worst droughts in Nigeria's history.

Labeled a “prophet”, Fashek went on to become one among Africa’s greatest reggae-influenced performers. His debut solo album, Prisoner Of Conscience, released in 1988, sold quite 200,000 copies in Nigeria alone.

Fashek died in his sleep on 2 June 2020 in New York City from esophageal cancer, aged 57.

Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea

John Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea (6 June 1928 – 1 June 2020), commonly known as Nicolas Rea, was a British hereditary peer, doctor and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. 

Rea was acting sergeant in the Suffolk Regiment between 1946 and 1948. From 1957 to 1962, and from 1968 to 1993, he also worked as general practitioner in North London.

Rea was a member of Amicus, Healthlink Worldwide and the Mary Ward Centre. He was a fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine. He was a member of the House of Lords after the House of Lords Act 1999.

Rea died on 1 June 2020 at the age of 91.

Paolo Fabbri (semiotician)

Paolo Fabbri (17 April 1939 – 2 June 2020) was an Italian semiotician and professor. He was born in Rimini, Kingdom of Italy. 

Fabbri taught at the Italian Cultural Institute in Paris from 1992 to 1996. He also taught at the University of Florence, the University of Urbino, the University of Palermo, the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences, and the Collège international de philosophie. 

Fabbri died on 2 June 2020 in Rimini, aged 81.

Mary Pat Gleason

Mary Pat Gleason (February 23, 1950 – June 2, 2020) was an American actress and television writer. From 1983 to 1985, she appeared on "The Guiding Light" as Jane Hogan. She won an Emmy Award for television writing 1986. She appeared in a 1994 episode of "Friends" as Nurse Sizemore. Gleason was born in Lake City, Minnesota.

Gleason died on June 2, 2020 in Los Angeles, California from uterine cancer, aged 70.

Lake City, Minnesota

Lake City is a city in Goodhue and Wabasha counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It lies along Lake Pepin. The population was 5,252 at the 2020 census.

Jean-Claude Hamel

Jean-Claude André Adolphe Hamel (9 July 1929 – 2 June 2020) was a French businessman. He was the President of AJ Auxerre from 1963 to 2009. In 2002, he was made Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. Hamel was born in Auxerre, France.

Hamel died on 2 June 2020 in Appoigny, France, aged 90.

Déjà Vu (1985 movie)

Déjà Vu is a 1985 British fantasy drama movie directed by Anthony B. Richmond and based on the novel "Always" by Trevor Meldal-Johnsen. It stars Jaclyn Smith, Nigel Terry, Shelley Winters, Claire Bloom and was distributed by Cannon Films.


Bruce Jay Friedman

Bruce Jay Friedman (April 26, 1930 – June 3, 2020) was an American novelist, screenwriter and playwright. He was born in New York City. He wrote the screenplay for "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972), "Stir Crazy" (1980), "Splash" and "The Lonely Guy" (both 1984). His best known play was "Steambath" (1970).

Friedman died on June 3, 2020 in New York City from problems caused by peripheral neuropathy, aged 90.

Jamie Cullum

Jamie Cullum (born 20 August 1979) is an English jazz-pop singer-songwriter, musician and radio presenter. He has recorded eight studio albums, three compilation albums, one live album and twenty-four singles. He began presenting a weekly Tuesday evening jazz show on BBC Radio 2 in 2010. He was born in Rochford, Essex.


Rochford

Rochford is a town in the Rochford district of Essex in the East of England. It is about from Central London. Its about from Chelmsford, the county town of Essex. According to the 2001 census, it had a population of 7,610.

Johnny Majors

John Terrill Majors (May 21, 1935June 3, 2020) was an American professional football player and college coach. He was born in Lynchburg, Tennessee.

He began as a halfback at the University of Tennessee. He was a two-time winner of the Southeastern Conference Most Valuable Player award, in 1955 and 1956. 

After playing one season in the Canadian Football League (CFL), Majors became a college assistant coach. He was the head coach at Iowa State University (1968–1972), the University of Pittsburgh (1973–1976, 1993–1996), and Tennessee (1977–1992). 

His 1976 Pittsburgh squad won a national championship. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1987.

Majors died on June 3, 2020 at his home in Knoxville, Tennessee at the age of 85.

Knox County, Tennessee

Knox County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 478,971. Its county seat is Knoxville. 

Lynchburg, Tennessee

Lynchburg is a city in the south-central region of the U.S. state of Tennessee. Lynchburg is best known as the location of where Jack Daniel's created his famous Tennessee whiskey. The population was 6,461 at the 2020 census.

Moore County, Tennessee

Moore County is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,461. Its county seat of Lynchburg.

DeRay Mckesson

DeRay Mckesson (born July 9, 1985) is an American civil rights activist, podcaster, and former school administrator. He is a founding supporter of the Black Lives Matter movement. He has been active in the protests in Ferguson, Missouri, and Baltimore, Maryland and on social media such as Twitter and Instagram.

Mckesson has also written for "HuffPost" and "The Guardian". 

On February 3, 2016, Mckesson announced his candidacy in the for Mayor of Baltimore He finished with 3,445 votes (2.6%) placing sixth in the Democratic Party primary on April 26.

Mckesson was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Bowdoin College. He is openly gay.

Polysemy

Polysemy is the coexistence of many possible meanings for a word or phrase.

Queen Jetsun Pema

Jetsun Pema (Dzongkha: རྗེ་བཙུན་པདྨ་; Wylie: rje btsun padma; born 4 June 1990) is the Queen (Druk Gyaltsuen, which literally means “Dragon Queen”) of Bhutan, as the wife of King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck.

Jetsun Pema was born at Jigme Dorji Wangchuck National Referral Hospital in Thimphu on 4 June 1990. Her father, Dhondup Gyaltshen, is the grandson of two "Trashigang Dzongpons", Thinley Topgay and Ugyen Tshering (governors of Trashigang). Her mother, "Aum" Sonam Choki, comes from the family of Bumthang Pangtey, one of Bhutan's oldest noble families. Sonam Choki's father was a half-brother of two queens consort of Bhutan, Phuntsho Choden (great-grandmother of the present king) and her sister Pema Dechen.

Her ancestor is also the 48th Druk Desi and 10th Penlop of Trongsa Jigme Namgyal (father of King Ugyen Wangchuck and of her great-great-grandmother, "Ashi" Yeshay Choden). The King and Queen of Bhutan are distant cousins.

Jetsun Pema is the second eldest of five children. Her siblings are two brothers, Thinlay Norbu and Jigme Namgyel, and two sisters, Serchen Doma and Yeatso Lhamo (the eldest, who is the wife of the king's brother, Prince "Gyaltshab" Jigme Dorji Wangchuck).

Jetsun Pema's early education took place in Thimphu at the Little Dragon School, the Sunshine School (1995–96) and finally the Changangkha Lower Secondary School (1997–98). She then received a convent education at St. Joseph's Convent in Kalimpong, West Bengal, India, in 1999–2000. She pursued her secondary education at the Lungtenzampa Middle Secondary School in Thimphu from 2001 to 2005 and moved to The Lawrence School, Sanawar, in Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India, in April 2006. She joined Lawrence as a Class-XI student and studied English, history, geography, economics and painting. She completed her Higher Secondary education on 31 March 2008. She then began her tertiary education at Regent's College in London, where she graduated with a degree in international relations, with psychology and art history as minor subjects.

Title 

13 October 2011 Her Majesty Dragon Queen of the Kingdom of Bhutan 

Maria Alice Vergueiro

Maria Alice Monteiro de Campos Vergueiro (January 19, 1935 – June 3, 2020) was a Brazilian actress and theatre director. She was born in São Paulo, Brazil. Her best known roles were as Delegado's wife in "O Corpo" (1991) and as Motorista in "Cronicamente Inviável" (2000).

Vergueiro died on June 3, 2020 at a hospital in São Paulo from pneumonia, aged 85.

Sarah Jeffery

Sarah Marie Jeffery (born April 3, 1996) is a Canadian actress, singer and dancer. She is known for her work on the NBC series "Shades of Blue" and Disney Channel's "Descendants" franchise. She also plays Maggie Vera on the CW series "Charmed".

Madeleine Mantock

Madeleine Mantock (born 26 May 1990) is a British actress. She is known for her work on the television series "Into the Badlands" and a remake of the series "The Tomorrow People". She also stars in the lead role of witch Macy Vaughn on The CW series "Charmed". She was born in Nottingham, England.

Melonie Diaz

Melonie Diaz (born April 25, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in independent movies such as "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints" (2006) and "Fruitvale Station" (2013). She also stars in the lead role of witch Mel Vera on the television series "Charmed". She was born in New York City.

Questlove

Ahmir Khalib Thompson (born January 20, 1971), known professionally as Questlove (stylized as ?uestlove), is an American musician and music journalist. He is the drummer and one of the frontperson for the hip hop band, the Roots. The Roots is the in-house band for "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" since February 17, 2014. 

Questlove is also one of the producers of the cast album of the Broadway musical "Hamilton". He is the co-founder of the websites Okayplayer and OkayAfrica. 

He is an instructor at the Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music at New York University.

Phylicia Rashad

Phylicia Rashād ( ) (née Ayers-Allen; born June 19, 1948) is an American actress, singer and theatre director. She is known for her role as Clair Huxtable on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1984–92), which earned her Emmy Award nominations in 1985 and 1986. 

In 2004, Rashad became the first black actress to win the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for her role in the revival of "A Raisin in the Sun".

Soul (2020 movie)

Soul is a 2020 American computer-animated comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios that has been released by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was directed by Pete Docter. It stars Jamie Foxx, Tina Fey, Questlove, Phylicia Rashad, Daveed Diggs, and Angela Bassett.

"Soul" was released on December 25, 2020 on Disney+. It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2021.

Scoob!

Scoob! is a 2020 American computer-animated comedy Halloween mystery movie produced by Warner Animation Group and based on the "Scooby-Doo" franchise.

The movie is directed by Tony Cervone. It stars the voices of Frank Welker, Will Forte, Gina Rodriguez, Zac Efron, and Amanda Seyfried as the Mystery Gang with Mark Wahlberg, Jason Isaacs, Kiersey Clemons, Ken Jeong and Tracy Morgan as other Hanna-Barbera animated characters.

The movie is about the Mystery Gang and Blue Falcon trying to stop Dick Dastardly from opening the Underworld and releasing Cerberus.

"Scoob!" was released digitally via video on demand on May 15, 2020. It was initially set to play in theaters, but the theatrical release was canceled in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It recieved mixed reviews from critics.

In June 2021, Cervone said that a follow-up to the film was in development. 
On December 22, 2021, HBO Max released a sizzle reel featuring a first look at a Christmas sequel film, titled "Scoob! Holiday Haunt", which was set to be released on the service in December 2022. The film takes place after the events of the first film, with Welker and the adult actors from the previous film reprising their roles while Cervone returned to write the film with Paul Dini as well to produce the project. The film was co-directed by Bill Haller and Michael Kurinsky and had a production budget of $40 million. On August 2, 2022, Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) canceled its release, citing cost-cutting measures and a refocus on theatrical films rather than creating projects for streaming. Tony Cervone would go on to say on the same day that the project was "practically finished". Later that month, it was reported that the film would still be finished, even though Warner Bros. Discovery had no plans to release it. The film was finally finished on November 4, 2022.

This is a gallery of following photos from an untitled live action movie. 


Walnut Bread

Walnut Bread () is a 1978 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Arūnas Žebriūnas and starring Algirdas Latėnas, Saulius Sipaitis, Doloresa Kazragytė, Leonid Obolensky, Antanas Šurna.

Kiersey Clemons

Kiersey Nicole Clemons (born December 17, 1993) is an American actress and singer.

She is known for her roles in "," "Flatliners", "Hearts Beat Loud", and the 2019 remake of "Lady and the Tramp". She voiced the role of Dee Dee Skyes in the animated movie "Scoob!".

Clemons was cast as Iris West in the "Justice League", but her scenes were cut and later restored in the 2021 director's cut. She played the role again in the 2023 movie "The Flash".

Respect (2021 movie)

Respect is a 2021 American biographical drama movie directed by Liesl Tommy. It will be based on the life of singer Aretha Franklin. It stars Jennifer Hudson in the leading role. Forest Whitaker, Marlon Wayans, Audra McDonald, Queen Latifah, Marc Maron, Tituss Burgess, Tate Donovan, and Mary J. Blige also star.

The movie is scheduled to be released in the United States on August 13, 2021.

The Disaster Artist (movie)

The Disaster Artist is a 2017 American biographical comedy movie. It was directed by James Franco. The movie is based from Greg Sestero and Tom Bissell's 2013 non-fiction book of the same title. 

The movie is about an unlikely friendship between unknown actors Tommy Wiseau and Sestero that soon make the 2003 movie "The Room". 

"The Disaster Artist" stars brothers James and Dave Franco as Wiseau and Sestero alongside Alison Brie, Ari Graynor, Josh Hutcherson, Jacki Weaver, and co-producer Seth Rogen.

It was released on December 1, 2017 to strong positive reviews.

Respect (song)

"Respect" is a song written and originally released by American recording artist Otis Redding in 1965. The song became a 1967 hit and signature song for soul singer Aretha Franklin. In Franklin's version, the song is about a woman who wants her husband's respect. 

Franklin's version adds the "R-E-S-P-E-C-T" chorus and the backup singers'.

Christina Schollin

Christina Schollin (born Christina Alma Elisabet Schollin; 26 December 1937) is a Swedish actress. She is best known for her roles in "Dear John", "Song of Norway" and Ingmar Bergman's "Fanny and Alexander".

Hans Wahlgren

Hans Carl Gustav Wahlgren (born 26 June 1937) is a Swedish actor. He stars in the Swedish reality show "Wahlgrens värld" which is broadcast on Kanal 5. He voiced Charles Ingvar "Sickan" Jönssons in the computer games "" and "Jönssonligan går på djupet".

Wahlgren was born in Helsingborg, Sweden. He was raised in Gothenburg. In 1962, he married actress Christina Schollin. They have four children; including singer Pernilla.

The Fairfax Millions

The Fairfax Millions () is a 1980 Russian crime drama movie directed by Nikolai Ilinsky and based on the novel of the same name by Alan Winnington. It stars Juozas Budraitis, Juris Strenga, Gediminas Girdvanis, Galina Jovovich, Ivars Kalniņš, Yevgeny Vesnik, Helga Dantzberg and was distributed by Dovzhenko Film Studios.

Cohutta, Georgia

Cohutta is a town in Whitfield County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Dalton Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 764 at the 2020 census.

Whitfield County, Georgia

Whitfield County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census shows a population of 102,864. The county seat is Dalton. The county was created on December 30, 1851. 

Cyclone Nisarga

Severe Cyclonic Storm Nisarga was a tropical cyclone that hit the Indian state of Maharashtra. 

Nisarga was expected to hit the western coastline of India. On 2 June 2020, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) revisited Nisarga as severe cyclonic storm from cyclonic storm. It had its landfall in the coastal town of Alibag in Maharashtra on 3 June 2020.

It is the first super cyclonic storm to happen in the Bay of Bengal in the 21st century. Nisarga is the first severe cyclonic storm since 1891 to impact Mumbai.

Hannibal Buress

Hannibal Amir Buress (, born February 4, 1983) is an American actor, comedian, producer and writer. He has co-starred on Adult Swim's "The Eric Andre Show" since 2012. He also starred on Comedy Central's "Broad City" from 2014 to 2019.

Brutus Beefcake

Edward Harrison Leslie (born April 21, 1957) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his work in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake. 

He later worked for World Championship Wrestling (WCW). He was born in Tampa, Florida.

He was honored in the WWE Hall of Fame in 2019.

Orange Park, Florida

Orange Park is a town in Clay County, Florida, United States, and a suburb of Jacksonville. The population was 9,089 at the 2020 census.

Bridget Jones's Diary

Bridget Jones's Diary is a 2001 British American French romantic comedy movie directed by Sharon Maguire and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Helen Fielding. It stars Renée Zellweger in her Oscar nominated role, Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, Jim Broadbent, Celia Imrie, James Faulkner, Shirley Henderson, James Callis, Ben Peyton, Donald Douglas, Embeth Davidtz, Felicity Montagu, Neil Pearson and was distributed by Miramax Films.

Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain

Alexander Mark David Oxlade-Chamberlain (born 15 August 1993) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Beşiktaş and the England national team.

Southampton

Arsenal

Liverpool

Individual

Virgins of Riga

Virgins of Riga is a 1996 Norwegian Latvian Swedish comedy movie directed by Emil Stang Lund and starring Aurelija Anuzhite, Uldis Dumpis, Jon Eikemo, Helge Jordal, Viggo Jønsberg, Ivars Kalnins, Nils Vogt.

Shinae Carrington

Shinae Carrington (born 18 October 2000) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2018 FINA Youth Water Polo World Championships, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA World League.

She was educated at Diocesan School for Girls, Auckland. She plays for Marist University.

Simone van de Kraats

Simone van de Kraats (born November 15, 2000) is a Dutch water polo player. She plays for the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2019 World Water Polo Championship.

She plays for Ede Polar Bears. She previously played for De Waterkip. With Polar Bears, she won the Dutch championship in 2018.

Maartje Keuning

Maartje Keuning (born 26 April 1998) is a Dutch water polo player. She plays for the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She is a native of Stompetoren. She was educated at OSG Willem Blaeu. She played for University of Hawaii's women's water polo team. and CN Sant Andreu.


Axelle Crevier

Axelle Crevier (born 22 March 1997 in Montreal) is a female water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Kyra Christmas

Kyra Christmas (born 14 March 1997) is a female water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.


Rose Leslie

Rose Eleanor Arbuthnot-Leslie (born 9 February 1987) is a Scottish actress. She is known for her roles as Gwen Dawson in the ITV drama series "Downton Abbey" and as Ygritte in the HBO fantasy series "Game of Thrones". 

Downton Abbey

Downton Abbey is a British historical drama television series set in the early 20th century. It was created and co-written by Julian Fellowes. The series first aired on ITV in the United Kingdom on 26 September 2010, and in the United States on PBS on 9 January 2011.

On 26 March 2015, Carnival Films and ITV announced that the sixth series would be the last. It aired on ITV between 20 September 2015 and 8 November 2015. The final episode, serving as the annual Christmas special, was broadcast on 25 December 2015.

A movie version was released in the United Kingdom on 13 September 2019, and in the United States on 20 September 2019.

A second movie, Downton Abbey: A New Era, opened in the U.S. on May 18, 2022.


Castle Rock, Colorado

Castle Rock is a home rule municipality that is the county seat of Douglas County, Colorado, United States. It had a population of 73,158 at the 2020 United States Census. It is named for the castle-tower-shaped butte near the center of town. 

Castle Rock (Colorado)

Castle Rock is a butte in the Colorado Piedmont region of the Great Plains. The town of Castle Rock, Colorado is named after the butte.

Elyse Lemay-Lavoie

Elyse Lemay-Lavoie (born 12 November 1994) is a Canadian water polo player. She is a member of the Canadian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2017 FINA World League, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA World League, 2019 FINA World League, and 2019 Pan-American Games.

She played for the Université de Montréal's women's water polo team and University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension

The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension is a 1984 American science fiction romantic comedy movie directed by W. D. Richter and starring Peter Weller, Ellen Barkin, John Lithgow, Jeff Goldblum, Christopher Lloyd, Vincent Schiavelli, Rosalind Cash, Clancy Brown, Robert Ito, Ronald Lacey, Billy Vera and Laura Harrington. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and became a cult classic.

Tom Hanks stated that he based his character on Elia Kazan, Jacques Cousteau, Albert Einstein, Leonardo da Vinci and Sting.

Hayley McKelvey

Hayley McKelvey (born 11 March 1996) is a water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Letícia Belorio

Letícia Belorio (born 22 January 2001) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Patriarch Pavle I

Patriarch Pavle and Patriarch Pavle I may refer to:


Jeff Kinney

Jeffrey Patrick Kinney (born February 19, 1971) is an American author and cartoonist. He is best known for creating the children's book series "Diary of a Wimpy Kid". He also created the child-oriented website "Poptropica".

Fort Washington, Maryland

Fort Washington is an unincorporated area and census-designated place in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It borders the capital of the United States, Washington, D.C.. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 24,261.

Upper Marlboro, Maryland

Upper Marlboro, officially the Town of Upper Marlboro, is the seat of Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The population within the town limits was 652 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Greater Upper Marlboro, Maryland

Greater Upper Marlboro is an area of Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It completely surrounds Upper Marlboro, the county seat. It was formerly a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 18,720 at the 2000 census. 

Greater Upper Marlboro is located at .

Plainville, Massachusetts

Plainville is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population at the 2020 census was 9,945. Plainville is part of the Boston and Providence metropolitan areas.

Muscogee County, Georgia

Muscogee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. Its western border with the state of Alabama is formed by the Chattahoochee River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 206,922. Its county seat and only city is Columbus.

Dangerous Summer

Dangerous Summer () is a 2000 Latvian World War II drama movie directed by Aigars Grauba and starring Inese Cauna, Uldis Dumpis, Eduards Pāvuls, Jānis Reinis, Artūrs Skrastiņš.

Chattahoochee River

The Chattahoochee River forms the southern half of the Alabama and Georgia border. It is a tributary of the Apalachicola River. The Chattahoochee River is about long. 

The Chattahoochee, Flint, and Apalachicola rivers together make up the Apalachicola–Chattahoochee–Flint River Basin (ACF River Basin).

Apalachicola River

The Apalachicola River is a river, about 112 mi (180 km) long in the state of Florida. The river's large watershed, known as the ACF River Basin, drains an area of about into the Gulf of Mexico. 

The distance to its farthest head waters in northeast Georgia is about 500 miles (800 km). Its name comes from the Apalachicola people, who used to live along the river.

Peachtree Corners, Georgia

Peachtree Corners is a city that is a suburb of Atlanta northeast of that city and located in western Gwinnett County, Georgia. It is the largest city in Gwinnett County with a population of 42,243 in 2020. The city is bordered to the north and west by the Chattahoochee River and is located east of Dunwoody. 

Dunwoody, Georgia

Dunwoody is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. It is a northern suburb of Atlanta. As of 2020, the city has a population of 51,683.

O'Hara Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

O'Hara Township is a township with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is six miles northeast of Downtown Pittsburgh. The population was 9,284 at the 2020 census.

Wendy Makkena

Wendy Rosenberg Makkena (born October 4, 1958) is an American actress. She has appeared in "Sister Act" (1992) and its sequel "" (1993), "Air Bud" (1997), "State of Play" (2009), and "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood" (2019).

Sister Act

Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy movie directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard. It stars Whoopi Goldberg as a singer forced to join a convent after being placed in a witness protection program. It also stars Maggie Smith, Kathy Najimy, Wendy Makkena, Mary Wickes, and Harvey Keitel.

A sequel was released in 1993 titled "". A remake of "Sister Act" is in the works.

Emile Ardolino

Emile Ardolino (May 9, 1943 – November 20, 1993) was an American movie director, choreographer, and producer. He was best known for directing "Dirty Dancing" (1987) and "Sister Act" (1992). He was born in New York City.

Ardolino died of AIDS in Los Angeles on November 20, 1993 at the age of 50.


Madison, Connecticut

Madison is a town in the southeastern corner of New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 17,691 at the 2020 census.

Marc de Hond

Marc David de Hond (21 September 1977 – 3 June 2020) was a Dutch television presenter, businessman, writer, theatre performer and basketball player. He played for the Dutch wheelchair basketball team during the Paralympic Games. He was also a discjockey for radio 3FM and Caz!.

He presented on television programs such as "Expedition Unlimited" for LLiNK, "De Rekenkamer" for KRO at Nederland 3 and was the regular commentator for poker competitions at RTL 7. 

In 2002, de Hond became paralyzed because of a spinal cord caused by spinal cancer. In 2018, he was diagnosed with bladder cancer. de Hond died from the diseases on 3 June 2020 in Amsterdam, aged 42.

Marc de Hond was born in Amsterdam. He is of Jewish origin and son of television personality Maurice de Hond.

Magnavox

Magnavox (Latin for "great voice", stylized as MAGNAVOX or sometimes Magnavox) is an American electronics company. It was founded in 1917 by Edwin Pridham and Peter L. Jensen in the United States. In 1974, it became a subsidiary of Philips, a Dutch electronics corporation.

It is known for releasing the Magnavox Odyssey in 1972, the first commercial video game console.


Lima bean

The lima bean () ("Phaseolus lunatus"), also known as the butter bean, sieva bean, double Bean or Madagascar bean, is a legume grown for its edible seeds or beans.

Dzongkha

Dzongkha or Bhutanese (, ), is the national language of Bhutan.

Bhutanese

Bhutanese may refer to:

Fairchild Channel F

The Fairchild Channel F (also known as Channel F) is a home video game console. The "F" in the name stands for "Fun". It was designed by Jerry Lawson and released in November 1976 by Fairchild Camera and Instrument in the United States for a price of 169.95 $. It is the first console that uses ROM cartridges and a microprocessor. By 1977, 250,000 Fairchild Channel F consoles were sold. The production ended in 1983.

Many licensed versions were released in Europe. For example, the Luxor Video Entertainment System (Sweden), Adman Grandstand (United Kingdom), Saba Videoplay, Nordmende Teleplay, ITT Tele-Match Processor (Germany) and Dumont/Barco Videoplay (Italy and Belgium).

26 cartridges were officially released for the Fairchild Channel F. Some cartridges have several games included. Each cartridge was sold for 19.95 $. On November 5, 2009, a homebrew game, a version of Pac-Man, was released.


In 1979, the successor named Fairchild Channel F System II was released.


Aiding and abetting

"Aiding and abetting" is a crime. A person is guilty of aiding and abetting if they help someone else commit a crime, and then they do it. Some ways a person can aid and abet a crime are to help someone commit the crime, give someone advice on how to commit the crime, or pay them to commit the crime.

Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo

"Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" (also called "The Magic Song") is a novelty song. It was written in 1948 by Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. It was first used in the 1950 movie "Cinderella". In this movie, it was sung by the actress Verna Felton. The song is about the Fairy Godmother turning a pumpkin into a carriage, which is something that happens in the story of Cinderella.

Montaigu-Vendée

Montaigu-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Montaigu (the seat), Boufféré, La Guyonnière, Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu and Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay.

Sèvremont

Sèvremont is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of La Flocellière (the seat), Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur, La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre and Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure.

Neum

Neum is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Around it there is about of coastline which is the only access of this country to the Adriatic Sea.

Doix-lès-Fontaines

Doix-lès-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Doix (the seat) and Fontaines.

Chanverrie

Chanverrie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of La Verrie (the seat) and Chambretaud.

Les Achards

Les Achards is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of La Mothe-Achard (the seat) and La Chapelle-Achard.

Rives-d'Autise

Rives-d'Autise is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Nieul-sur-l'Autise (the seat) and Oulmes.

Balqa Governorate

The Balqa Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Salt.

Amman Governorate

The Amman Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The governorate's capital is the city of Amman, which is also the nation's capital.

Samsung Galaxy S6

The Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 or just GS6 is an Android-based smartphone developed, manufactured, released and marketed by Samsung Electronics. It is the successor to the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the predecessor to the Samsung Galaxy S7. It was unveiled on March 1, 2015 with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and released on April 5, 2015. On August 21, 2015, the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ was released.

The Samsung Galaxy S6 gained good reviews. It was critiziced for its battery, which is not able to keep the phone on as long as it could with the Samsung Galaxy S5. The battery can also no longer be replaced with a new battery, which means that as soon as the battery expires, the device will not function properly.

The capacitive touch keys of the S6 sometimes do not work. It is also possible that they do not light up or the brightness of the light varies.

After one month, 10 million Samsung Galaxy S6 units were shipped, 6 million of them were sold.


Madaba Governorate

The Madaba Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Madaba.

RCA Studio II

The RCA Studio II (also known as RCA Studio 2, Studio II or Studio 2) is a home video game console that was released in January 1977 by RCA. It could only display black and white graphics, similar to earlier Pong consoles.

The RCA Studio II has 5 games that are build in the ROM of the console itself. These were:


The following is a list of all RCA II games that were released on cartridges:



The successor of the RCA Studio II is the RCA Studio III. This console can display color and uses the RCA CDP-1802 as microprocessor.


Karak Governorate

The Karak Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Al Karak.

Tennis for Two

Tennis for two (also known as Computer Tennis) is a video game from 1958. It simulates a tennis game and is one of the oldest known games in the history of computer and video games.

American physicist William Higinbotham designed the game in 1958 to present it at the Brookhaven National Laboratory's annual public exhibition. The game was first shown on October 18, 1958.

Confort-Meilars

Confort-Meilars () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Conquet

Le Conquet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Coray

Coray () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner

Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Thégonnec (the seat) and Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec.

Crozon

Crozon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tafilah Governorate

The Tafilah Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Tafilah.

Ma'an Governorate

The Ma'an Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Ma'an.

Daoulas

Daoulas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Dinéault

Dinéault () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Long County, Georgia

Long County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 16,168 people lived there. The county seat is Ludowici.

Hardwicke, Stroud

Hardwicke is a village in Stroud. Its population as of the 2011 census was 4,783.

Dirinon

Dirinon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

De Soto, Illinois

De Soto is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Treutlen County, Georgia

Treutlen County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 6,406 people lived there. The county seat is Soperton.

Oak Grove, Arkansas

Oak Grove, Arkansas may refer to:
or


Z.P.G.

Z.P.G. (short for Zero Population Growth) is a 1972 Danish–American science fiction movie directed by Michael Campus and starring Oliver Reed, Geraldine Chaplin, Diane Cilento, Don Gordon. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Santa Sangre

Santa Sangre (Holy Blood) is a 1989 Mexican-Italian horror thriller movie directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and starring Axel Jodorowsky, Adán Jodorowsky, Blanca Guerra, Guy Stockwell, Thelma Tixou, Sergio Bustamante, and Gloria Contreras.


The Vanishing (1988 movie)

The Vanishing (, literally: "Traceless" or "Without a Trace") is a 1988 Dutch–French thriller movie directed by George Sluizer and adapted by the novella "The Golden Egg" by Tim Krabbé. It stars Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu, Gene Bervoets, Johanna ter Steege, Gwen Eckhaus. It was remade in 1993.


Joe Smith (pitcher)

Joseph Smith (born March 22, 1984) is a baseball player who has played for several teams.

He lives in Ohio, with his wife, news reporter and beauty pageant titleholder Alexandra LaForce.

His networth is estimated at $11, 812, 500.

Smith´s horoscope is Aries, the bull.

He is presently a pitcher for the Houston Astros. He previously played for the New York Mets, Cleveland Indians, Los Angeles Angels, Chicago Cubs, and Toronto Blue Jays.

It was in December of 2017 he signed a 2-year contract with the Astros.
Smith first began his career with Brooklyn (A) of the New York–Penn League by allowing two runs, one earned, in one inning of work against the Staten Island Yankees on June 21. He was named one of the top 20 prospects in the New York–Penn League by "Baseball America". When Duaner Sánchez was hurt during a taxi cab incident in 2006, Mets general manager Omar Minaya considered recalling Smith to the Majors. But ultimately, the Mets traded for Roberto Hernández and Óliver Pérez to give Smith more time in the minors. On March 24, 2007, after a strong spring training, it was announced Smith would be on the Mets' 25-man roster. On April 1, 2007, Smith made his major league debut. He struck out one (Preston Wilson) and walked one (Albert Pujols). He also gave up a single to David Eckstein. Smith earned his first major league win on April 24, 2007 after coming on in relief in the 12th inning. Smith enjoyed much success in the beginning of 2007, but began to tire and was sent down to the minors at mid year. Smith was with the Mets for all of the 2008 season, enjoying varied success. He went 6–3 in 63.3 innings with an ERA of 3.55.

On December 10, 2008, Smith was traded by the Mets to the Cleveland Indians as part of a twelve-player, three-team deal. On January 18, 2013, the Cleveland Indians announced they had avoided arbitration with Smith, signing him to a one-year contract worth $3.15 million.

Smith became a free agent following the 2013 season, but expressed interest in remaining with the Tribe.

On November 24, 2013, Smith reportedly agreed to a three-year contract for $15 million with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, pending the completion of a physical. On November 27, 2013, the Angels confirmed that the team and Smith agreed to the terms. On April 25, 2014, Smith was named the Angels' new closer after multiple struggles by former closer Ernesto Frieri. After the Angels traded for San Diego Padres' All-Star closer Huston Street on July 18, 2014, Smith was moved to an eighth-inning setup role. Smith finished with 15 saves in 76 games to the tune of a 1.81 ERA.

Smith's numbers in 2015 went up as his ERA and WHIP from the previous season. He played uptil June 2016, when he had a hamstring injury.

On August 1, 2016, the Angels traded Smith to the Chicago Cubs for prospect Jesus Castillo. In 16 more appearances with the Cubs to finish 2016, Smith had a 1-1 record and a 2.51 ERA. Overall in 2016, combined with both teams he played for, Smith made 54 total appearances with a 1-4 record and a 3.82 ERA. Smith was a member of the Cubs' 2016 World Series championship team, but did not make any postseason appearances.

On February 9, 2017, Smith signed a one-year, $3 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays. Smith became the Blue Jays setup man early in the season, after Jason Grilli struggled in the role and Joe Biagini was moved to the starting rotation. He was placed on the 10-day disabled list on June 19 with shoulder inflammation. In 38 games, he was 3-0 with a 3.28 ERA in 35 ⁄ innings.

On July 31, 2017, the Blue Jays traded Smith to the Cleveland Indians for Thomas Pannone and Samad Taylor. In 18 ⁄ innings, he had an ERA of 3.44 for the Indians.

On December 13, 2017, Smith signed a two-year contract with the Houston Astros worth $15 million. In his first season in Houston, Smith appeared in 56 games, recording a record of 5-1 in 45 ⁄ innings with a 3.74 ERA. On December 13 while working out, Smith suffered a ruptured left Achilles tendon. He underwent surgery for it on December 20.

In 2019 he was 1-0 with a 1.80 ERA in 28 relief appearances in which he pitched 25.0 innings.

On December 16, 2019, Smith resigned with the Astros on a two-year contract worth $8 million.

Mylla Bruzzo

Mylla Bruzzo (born 20 April 1999) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Samantha Ferreira

Samantha Ferreira (born 7 December 1997) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Kemily Leão

Kemily Leão (born 22 March 2000) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Lorena Borges

Lorena Borges (born 16 February 1996) is a Brazilian water polo player. She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2015 FINA World Women’s Junior Water Polo Championships and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Melani Dias

Melani Dias (born 14 November 1991) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at World Championships, most recently at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Alexandre Gaiscoigne

Alexandre Gaiscoigne (born 20 September 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She studied at University of Pretoria.


Deborah O'Hanlon

Deborah O'Hanlon (born 25 February 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo Cup and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Lindsay Killeen

Lindsay Killeen (born 20 June 1995) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

SpaceCamp

SpaceCamp is a 1986 American family adventure movie directed by Harry Winer and starring Kate Capshaw, Kelly Preston, Larry B. Scott, Lea Thompson, Tate Donovan, Joaquin Phoenix, Tom Skerritt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Delicious One

The Delicious One, otherwise known as TDO for short, is the mascot of Wienerschnitzel. He is an anthropomorphic chili dog. Almost everybody wants to eat the Delicious One due to him being a hot dog; his famous trademark is when he runs off screaming.

In 1997, Creative Director Courtney Betley and Senior Art Director Julia Cadar set out to create the World's Most Wanted Wiener for Wienerschnitzel, with TDO coming to mind. The character of The Delicious One (or TDO) began as a Claymation character, created and voiced by Luke Thomas and developed by Loose Moose in London (who was beginning work in the United States) in 1999. This early version of TDO had misread every situation; somewhat naive, TDO thought everyone always wanted him around due to his delightful personality and charm, only to quickly discover in almost every situation that they wanted to him for more nefarious reasons (i.e. they wanted to eat him). He was constantly on the run, trying to escape the clutches of hungry people.

Shortly after TDO's fame, Wienerschnitzel released antennas with TDO holding a small, yellow box with a scared expression. There are alternate versions of this antenna (one with TDO wearing an Uncle Sam hat). TDO was last featured in the advertisements in 2008.

In 2011, Wienerschnitzel released antennas called the Golden Wienie.

In January 2014, following public demand, Wienerschnitzel re-introduced TDO in a 2D-animated version, with Justin Roiland taking over from Luke Thomas. TDO has only been in this animated form or as a costume. Some Wienerschnitzel fans have made petitions demanding his return in CGI capacity and Thomas' reprisal.

In the commercials featuring the Delicious One, the Wienerschnitzel slogan "The World's Most Wanted Wiener" (which is also one of the alternative names for the Delicious One) is used. This is an outdated slogan, and the only time it is used now is in those commercials. Here are the commercials with the Delicious One:



Sunday Drive

Sunday Drive is a 1986 American television family comedy movie directed by Larry Brand and starring Tony Randall, Carrie Fisher, Audra Lindley, Ted Wass, Hillary Wolf, Norman Alden. It was distributed by Walt Disney Television.


Las fuerzas vivas

Las fuerzas vivas ("The Living Forces") is a 1975 Mexican action comedy movie directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring Héctor Ortega, Héctor Lechuga, David Reynoso, Armando Silvestre.

Martin Klebba

Martin Klebba (born June 23, 1969) is an American actor with dwarfism.

Klebba was born and grew up in Troy, Michigan on June 23, 1969, graduating from Athens High School. 

, he was engaged to Michelle Dilgard, mentioning in an interview that in his free time, he likes to play video games with his son when he visits and spend time with his fiancée. Martin is the father of son Alec and daughter Makenzie.

Klebba runs a nonprofit foundation called Coalition for Dwarf Advocacy, which gives 100% of its donations to the cause of helping little people.

Klebba is a supporter of Donald Trump and has been since his 2016 campaign.

Werner Böhm

Werner Böhm, better known under his artist name Gottlieb Wendehals (5 June 1941 – 2 June 2020) was a German singer and musician. He was born in Toruń, "Thorn" in the German-occupied Poland.

In the late 1950s, Böhm was pianist with the "Cabinet Jazzmen" in Hamburg until the early 1960s, at the time one of the most popular jazz bands in Northern Germany. From 1970 to 1971 he was a jazz pianist in Hamburg at "Jazz House", "Riverkasematten", "Logo", "Dennis Swing Club", "Cotton Club", "Remter" and in the legendary "Onkel Po". 

In 1982 he took part in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Der Ohrwurm." He finished 11th in the second-last place. 

Böhm died in Gran Canaria, Spain on 2 June 2020 at the age of 78.

Fatso (1980 movie)

Fatso is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Anne Bancroft (who also stars) and starring Candice Azzara, Ron Carey, Dom DeLuise, Ralph Manza, Michael Lombard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Domenico Di Napoli is a 40-year-old Italian American-his parents emigrated from the South-unmarried and overweight. He lives with a brother in a duplex apartment occupied on the ground floor by his brother-in-law and his sister Antonietta, with whom he runs a stationery shop. Deeply affected by the death of his cousin Sal due to similar obesity problems, and urged by Antoinette, he goes to a dietician for treatment. Difficulties in complying with the weight-loss treatment are compounded by amorous inhibitions toward the Polish Lydia, owner of an antique store.


Roberto Gervaso

Roberto Gervaso (July 9, 1937 – June 2, 2020) was an Italian writer and journalist. He won the Premio Bancarella twice: for "L'Italia dei Comuni" in 1967, and for "Cagliostro" in 1973. He was born in Rome.

Gervaso died on June 2, 2020 in Milan at the age of 82.

Roberto Peccei

Roberto Daniele Peccei (; January 6, 1942 – June 1, 2020) was an Italian theoretical particle physicist. Her works in the area of electroweak and in the interface between particle physics and physical cosmology. He was most known for formulating the Peccei–Quinn theory (with Helen Quinn).

Peccei was a Vice Chancellor for Research at the University of California, Los Angeles, a position he held between 2000 and 2010.

Peccei died on June 1, 2020 at the age of 78.

Helen Quinn

Helen Rhoda Arnold Quinn (born 19 May 1943) is an Australian-born American particle physicist and educator. Her works to theoretical physics include the Peccei-Quinn theory which showed a corresponding symmetry of nature and works relating to particle interactions.

Héctor Ortega

Héctor Ortega Gómez (12 January 1939 — 3 June 2020) was a Mexican actor. He was also a screenwriter and a director. He was born in Mexico City. His best known works were in "Las fuerzas vivas", "Santa sangre" and in "Lucía, Lucía".

Ortega died on 3 June 2020 in Mexico City, aged 81.

Marcello Abbado

Marcello Abbado (October 7, 1926 – June 4, 2020) was an Italian composer and pianist. He was born in Milan. His works were orchestral, two ballets, many pieces for solo piano, and a number of chamber works. 

In 1989 he was awarded the Gold Medal for Meritorious Culture and Art (Medaglia d'oro ai benemeriti della cultura e dell'arte) by the Government of Italy.

Abbado died on June 4, 2020 in Stresa, Italy at the age of 93.

World Weightlifting Championships

The World Weightlifting Championships is an event organised by International Weightlifting Federation (IWF).






World championship

A world championship is generally an international competition open to elite competitors from around the world, representing their nations, and winning such an event will be considered the highest or near highest achievement in the sport, game, or ability.

Olympic weightlifting

Olympic weightlifting, or Olympic-style weightlifting, often simply referred to as weightlifting, is a sport in which the athlete attempts a maximum-weight single lift of a barbell loaded with weight plates.



European Weightlifting Championships

European Weightlifting Championships is an annual event organised by the European Weightlifting Federation (EWF). It has been held since 1896. A separate event for women was held from 1988 to 1997, after which both championships have been held as one event.


European Championship

A European Championship is the top level international sports competition between European athletes or sports teams representing their respective countries or professional sports clubs.


Asian Weightlifting Championships

The Asian Weightlifting Championships is a weightlifting championship. It was organised by the Asian Weightlifting Federation for competitors from the Asian countries. It has been held since 1969 for men and 1988 for women. In 2008, the championships provided the official qualification for Asian competitors in the 2008 Beijing Olympics.


Loser

Loser or Losers may refer to:






Feast (2005 movie)

Feast is a 2005 American action horror comedy movie, directed by John Gulager, produced by Michael Leahy, Joel Soisson, Larry Tanz, and Andrew Jameson, and written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton. The movie stars Balthazar Getty, Henry Rollins, Navi Rawat, Judah Friedlander, Jenny Wade, Gulager's father Clu Gulager, Josh Zuckerman, and Jason Mewes. The story revolves around a group of people gathered inside a local bar in Nevada, where they are suddenly attacked by a horde of monstrous creatures.


Spetters

Spetters (English translation: "Splashes") is a 1980 Dutch erotic drama movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Hans van Tongeren, Renée Soutendijk, Jeroen Krabbé, Rutger Hauer, Kitty Courbois, Toon Agterberg, Maarten Spanjer, Marianne Boyer.


Raggare!

Raggare! (in the UK released as "Blackjackets") is a 1959 Swedish adventure drama movie directed by Olle Hellbom and starring Inga Edwards, Christina Schollin, Hans Wahlgren, Bill Magnusson, Sven Holmberg. It was distributed by AB Europa Studios.

2DTV

2DTV is a British satirical animated television show that was broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 14 October 2001 to 23 December 2004. There were five series and thirty-three episodes.

OpenCola (drink)

OpenCola is a brand of open-source cola. This means anyone can find its recipe and change it in any way.

The company that created it, which had the same name, was started in Toronto, Canada in 1999 by Grad Conn, Cory Doctorow and John Henson.

OpenCola was first released on January 27, 2001. The newest version of OpenCola is 1.1.3.

It was created to explain free and open source software and promote the company's P2P program of the same name. However, the drink became more well known and 150,000 cans of it were sold. Laird Brown, the company's senior strategist, said it was successful because many people did not trust big corporations and "almost everything" was proprietary.



The syrup is diluted 5:1 with soda water, preferably sodium-free. This makes about 24 litres of OpenCola.

The full recipe also includes instructions to make soda water using basic ingredients such as yeast and sugar. This avoids the need for a commercially made carbonator.


Delaine Christien

Delaine Christien (born 26 May 1993) is a South African water polo player and coach. 

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She coached the Madibaz women’s team.

Kimberly Kay

Kimberly Kay (born 20 September 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Ruby Versfeld

Ruby Versfeld (born 17 September 1996) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team and the University of St Andrews' women's water polo team. On 11 September 2020, she was inaugurated into The Jolly Boys as an Honorary Member.

E220

E220 may refer to:

Megan Parkes

Megan Parkes (born 2 March 1993) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Darya Ryzhinskaya

Darya Ryzhinskaya (born 23 April 1996) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Sodium bisulfite

Sodium bisulfite, also known as sodium hydrogen sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHSO. It is made of sodium and bisulfite ions. It is a white solid with an odor of sulfur dioxide. It can be made by reacting smaller amounts of sodium dioxide and sodium hydroxide or sodium bicarbonate. If too much sodium hydroxide is used, sodium disulfite is made instead.


Azerbaijan Technical University

Azerbaijan Technical University (AzTU; ) is a public university, specialized in engineering, located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1950 by the government of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. The university has 9 faculties and 54 departments, around 1,100 faculty members, including 70 professors and around 6,500 students.

On November 14, 1920, the Soviet government decided that the previous technical school "Baku Polytechnicum" would be closed and replaced by the "Baku Polytechnic Institute". The new school focused on training engineers in such sectors as agriculture, civil engineering, electromechanics, economics, and petroleum. In 1923, the school changed its name to the "Azerbaijan Polytechnic Institute". In March 1929 the Communist Party of Azerbaijan decided that the school would be divided into three independent schools covering agriculture, economy, and petroleum.

However, the growing demands of engineers in other areas outside of petroleum led to the expansion of the school curriculum, and the school again changed its name in 1934, this time to the "Azerbaijan Industrial Institute (AzSI)", since it was combined with civil engineering. The Second World War put a lot of pressure on the Soviet Union, and schools like AzPI tried to remain open.

In 1950, the government established a separate "Azerbaijan Polytechnic Institute (AzPI)" and transferred non-petrochemical curricula to a new school so that AzSI could focus on the petroleum industry. (AzSI continued to eventually become the "Azerbaijan State Oil Academy".) In 1970, the branch of AzPI was established in Ganja.

In 1993, two years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and independence of Azerbaijan, AzPI changed its status and became the Azerbaijan Technical University.











Darya Muravyeva

Darya Muravyeva (born 18 August 1998) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Aruzhan Yegemberdiyeva

Aruzhan Yegemberdiyeva (born 22 February 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Kamila Zakirova

Kamila Zakirova (born 25 December 1992) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kotori Suzuki

Kotori Suzuki (born 8 December 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Marina Tokumoto

Marina Tokumoto (born 2 February 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Philips Odyssey series

The Philips Odyssey series is a series of home video game consoles. They were marketed by Philips. The Philips Odyssey series is the successor to the Magnavox Odyssey series.
Magnavox made video game consoles. But in 1974, Magnavox became a subsidiary of Philips. Philips continued making consoles. These consoles are known as the Philips Odyssey series.

The following is a list of all consoles released in the Philips Odyssey series:


Misaki Noro

Misaki Noro (born 12 April 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Aquatic Championships and 2019 World Aquatic Championships.


Kana Hosoya

Kana Hosoya (born 13 October 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships and 2017 World Aquatic Championships.


BSS 01

The BSS 01 (short for Bildschirmspiel 01, German for screen game 01 or video screen game 01) is a home video game console. It was released in 1980 or 1981 only in East Germany. The console is also known as TV-Spiel or RFT TV-Spiel. "RFT" stands for "Rundfunk- und Fernmelde-Technik". This is an East German association of companies.

Four games are pre-installed on the console:

The throw-in of the ball can be set to automatic or manual. After one player reaches 15 points, all games were over.

A successor of the BSS 01, named "BSS 02", probably with color output, was planned, but discarded for the production of radio clocks. It is unknown if prototypes, sketches etc. of the BSS 02 exist.

Sonic Mania

Sonic Mania is the sixth ‘retro’ video game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series. It was released in 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. It was released as part of the 25th anniversary of "Sonic the Hedgehog" (1991, Sega Genesis). It has the retro style graphics, but it is more vibrant and is wide screen.


Sonic the Hedgehog 4

Sonic the Hedgehog 4 might refer to:

Loving Couples (1980 movie)

Loving Couples is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Jack Smight and starring Shirley MacLaine, James Coburn, Susan Sarandon, Stephen Collins, Sally Kellerman, Helena Carroll, Pat Corley, Anne Bloom. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Hare Census

The Hare Census () is a 1973 Bulgarian satirical comedy movie directed by Eduard Zahariev. It stars Itzhak Fintzi, Nikola Todev, Georgi Rusev, Todor Kolev and Evstati Stratev.

Auchay-sur-Vendée

Auchay-sur-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Auzay (the seat) and Chaix.

The D65, D115, D938T and A83 roads pass through the commune.

Bellevigny

Bellevigny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Belleville-sur-Vie (the seat) and Saligny.

Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux

Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aubigny (the seat) and Les Clouzeaux.

Rives-de-l'Yon

Rives-de-l'Yon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Florent-des-Bois (the seat) and Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux.

Berea District

Berea is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Teyateyaneng.

List of programmes shown by CBeebies

The shows listed here are produced by BBC Studios Kids & Family or its predecessors.

Shows listed here are commissioned by CBeebies but are produced by third-parties.

This section includes third-party acqusitions.




Butha-Buthe District

Butha-Buthe is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Butha-Buthe.

Andy Bialk

Andy Bialk (born November 16, 1971) is an American animator and character designer.

Leribe District

Leribe is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Hlotse.

Mafeteng District

Mafeteng is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mafeteng.

Maseru District

Maseru is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Maseru, which is also the national capital.

Mohale's Hoek District

Mohale's Hoek is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mohale's Hoek.

Mokhotlong District

Mokhotlong is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mokhotlong.

Qacha's Nek District

Qacha's Nek is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Qacha's Nek.

Quthing District

Quthing is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Moyeni/Quthing.

Thaba-Tseka District

Thaba-Tseka is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Thaba-Tseka.

Mouilleron-Saint-Germain

Mouilleron-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Mouilleron-en-Pareds (the seat) and Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller.


Montréverd

Montréverd is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-André-Treize-Voies (the seat), Mormaison and Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon.

Bertrand Stern

Bertrand Stern is a German author and philosopher. He lives in Siegburg, North Rhine-Westphalia.

He wants the legalization of alternative forms of education other than attending a school (homeschooling and unschooling for example) for Germany because he thinks that schools are not suitable for everyone and that it is not okay to force people to go to places where they do not want to be.

Stern was born in Montbéliard, France on November 11, 1948. His father is Arno Stern, and his mother is Claire Stern. He grew up in many countries in Europe. This is the reason why he can speak German, French, English, and Spanish. He has two siblings and a son.

He was a lecturer at the University of Kassel from 2011 to 2012.

He initiated the film "CaRabA #LebenohneSchule". It was released on May 9, 2019 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The film shows unschooled people. The producent of the film is Joshua Conens.



Hellenic languages

The Hellenic languages are a branch of languages from the Indo-European language family. The main language is Greek. Many people say that Greek is the only language in the branch. Some people also say that the ancient Macedonian language is part of the branch. Others say it was simply a dialect of Greek.

Italic languages

The Italic languages are a branch of the Indo-European language family. They were first spoken in Italy. The main language was Latin, which eventually turned into the Romance languages spoken today. The Roman Empire spread Latin to much of Western Europe. Today, the main Italic languages spoken are Spanish, French, Portuguese, Italian, and Romanian. There were other branches of Italic languages besides those that came from Latin, but they are all now extinct.

Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3

Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 (also known as Wario Land or Super Mario Land 3) is a video game. It was released in 1994 for the Game Boy. In 2011, it was also released for the Virtual Console of the Nintendo 3DS. It is the successor to "" (1992, Game Boy). It is also the first game in the "Wario Land" series.

In 1995, a successor with the name "Virtual Boy Wario Land" was released for the Virtual Boy.

Wario Land series

Wario Land is a series of video games. It is part of the Wario series, which in turn is a part of the Super Mario franchise. All the games feature Wario as protagonist.

The following is a chronological list of all games in the "Wario Land" series:

Write-in candidate

A write-in candidate is a candidate in an election whose name does not appear on the ballot, but for whom voters may vote by writing in the person's name. Write-in candidates do not win very often. Sometimes write-in votes are cast for people who cannot hold office, or they are fictional characters. Some places require write-in candidates be registered as official candidates before the election.

Régence

The Régence (, "Regency") refers to a time between 1715 and 1723, when King Louis XV was a minor and France was governed by Philippe d'Orléans, a nephew of Louis XIV o France, as Regent of the Kingdom. In French the period is also called "le Régence de Philippe'Orléans".
Contemporary European rulers included Philip V of Spain, John V of Portugal, George I of Great Britain, Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor (faither o Empress Maria Theresa) and Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia, the maternal grandfather of King Louis XV.











Tsakonian language

Tsakonian (also Tsaconian, Tzakonian or Tsakonic; Tsakonian: , ; Greek: ) is a Hellenic language. It is spoken in the Peloponnese peninsula in Greece and comes from Doric Greek. It is similar to Greek, but people speaking the two languages cannot talk to each other. Only a few hundred people are left who speak the language. Most of these are elderly people.

Doric Greek

Doric or Dorian () was a Hellenic language. It was a dialect of Ancient Greek. It was spoken in Western Greece and some parts of Southern Italy and Sicily.

Unilever

Unilever is a British-Dutch multinational company. It is one of the biggest producers of consumer goods worldwide. In 2016, around 168,000 people worked for Unilever in 100 countries. Unilever's products can be found in about 190 countries.

Unilever is among the top 5 food producers worldwide. Food is about 40% of the revenue of Unilever. Cleaning agents, beauty products personal care products and Telecomunnications make up the remaining 70% of the revenue.

Essarts-en-Bocage

Essarts-en-Bocage is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Les Essarts (the seat), Boulogne, L'Oie and Sainte-Florence.

Les Velluire-sur-Vendée

Les Velluire-sur-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Le Poiré-sur-Velluire (the seat) and Velluire.

The Garage (1980 movie)

The Garage () is a 1980 Russian comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and starring Liya Akhedzhakova, Iya Savvina, Svetlana Nemolyayeva, Valentin Gaft, Andrey Myagkov, Georgi Burkov, Leonid Markov, Igor Kostolevsky, Anastasia Voznesenskaya. It was distributed by Mosfilm.


Vougeot

Vougeot is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

The D122 and D974 roads pass through the village.

Chadic languages

The Chadic languages are a branch of languages from the Afroasiatic language family. They are spoken in West Africa, mainly in the countries Nigeria, Niger, Chad, Central African Republic and Cameroon. There are around 150 Chadic languages still spoken. The most widely spoken Chadic language is Hausa.

Hausa language

Hausa (; "Harshen"/"Halshen Hausa") is a Chadic language. It was first spoken in Southern Niger and Northern Nigeria. Now many other people in West Africa speak it. It is the most widely spoken Chadic language, with around 47 million people speaking it as a first language.

West Chadic languages

The West Chadic languages are a branch of Chadic languages. They are spoken mainly in Nigeria and Niger. The most widely spoken West Chadic language is Hausa. There are two main branches of West Chadic languages, called A and B.

Hausa–Gwandara languages

The Hausa–Gwandara (also called A.1 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. The branch has just two languages, Hausa and Gwandara.

Gwandara language

Gwandara is a Chadic language. It is the closest language to Hausa. It is spoken in Northern Nigeria and has around 30,000 speakers.

East Chadic languages

The East Chadic languages are a branch of the Chadic languages. There are around 40 East Chadic languages still spoken. They are spoken mainly in Chad and Cameroon.


Masa languages

The Masa languages are a branch of Chadic languages. There are fewer than 20 that are still spoken. They are spoken in Chad and Cameroon.

The Masa languages listed in Blench (2006) are:


Kerlouan

Kerlouan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bureau Junction, Illinois

Bureau Junction is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Noisy-le-Grand

Noisy-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Biu–Mandara languages

The Biu–Mandara, or Central Chadic, languages are a branch of Chadic languages. They are spoken in Nigeria, Chad, and Cameroon. The most spoken is Kamwe.

Blench (2006) organizes them like this:


Kamwe language

Kamwe (or Kamue) is a Chadic language. It is spoken in Nigeria and Cameroon. It is the most widely spoken Biu–Mandara language with around 950,000 speakers.

Cushitic languages

The Cushitic languages are a branch of the Afroasiatic language family. They are mainly spoken in the Horn of Africa and the Nile Valley. Some widely spoken Cushitic languages are Oromo, Somali, Beja, Agaw, Afar, Saho and Sidamo.

Beja language

Beja is a Cushitic language. It is spoken on the coast of the Red Sea in Sudan, Eritrea and Egypt. Around one million people speak the language. It is the only language of the North Cushitic branch still spoken.

Getting It Right

Getting It Right is a 1989 British American comedy drama movie directed by Randal Kleiser and starring Jesse Birdsall, Jane Horrocks, Helena Bonham Carter, Pat Heywood, Lynn Redgrave, John Gielgud, Peter Cook, Ian Redford, Shirley Anne Field.

Enciso

Enciso is a town and municipality in the García Rovira Province, part of Santander Department in northeastern Colombia. Founded on September 9, 1773 by Juan de Enciso, the liberating campaign of Simon Bolivar passed by this municipality on 7 occasions between the years 1814 and 1821.


Abdelmalek Droukdel

Abdelmalek Droukdel (; 20 April 1970 – 3 June 2020) also known by his nom de guerre as Abu Musab Abdel Wadoud (), was the emir leader of the Algerian Islamic militant group Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). He was born in Meftah, Algeria. 

His death was announced on 5 June 2020 that Droukdel, and members of his inner circle, had been killed by its forces in an operation in the north of Mali two days earlier.

Tara Conner

Tara Elizabeth Conner (born December 18, 1985) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder from the state of Kentucky. She was crowned Miss USA 2006 and also participated in the Miss Universe and Miss Teen USA pageants.

Bobby Locke (baseball)

Lawrence Donald "Bobby" Locke (March 3, 1934 – June 4, 2020) was an American professional baseball right-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) in all or parts of nine seasons (1959–1965; 1967–1968) for the Cleveland Indians, St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds and California Angels. He was born in Rowes Run, Pennsylvania.

Locke died on June 4, 2020 in Dunbar, Pennsylvania at the age of 86.


Rowes Run, Pennsylvania

Rowes Run is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census its population was 517.

Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania

Redstone Township is a township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,079 at the 2020 census.

Midland, Michigan

Midland is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan in the Tri-Cities region of Central Michigan. It is the county seat of Midland County. The city's population was 42,547 as of the 2020 census. 

Midland County, Michigan

Midland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 83,494. The county seat is Midland.

Dunbar, Pennsylvania

Dunbar is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,013 at the 2020 census. 

Agaw languages

The Agaw, or Central Cushitic, languages are a small branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken mainly in Ethiopia. 


Pete Rademacher

Thomas Peter "Pete" Rademacher (November 20, 1928 – June 4, 2020) was an American heavyweight boxer. He was a gold medalist at the 1956 Olympics. He became the only person to challenge for the world heavyweight championship in his first professional game when he faced Floyd Patterson on August 22 1957. He was born in Tieton, Washington.

Rademacher died on June 4, 2020 at a retirement home in Sandusky, Ohio from dementia-related problems, aged 91.

Tieton, Washington

Tieton () is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,191 at the 2010 census.

Dullay languages

The Dullay languages are a branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken mainly in Ethiopia. There are four main Dullay languages that are still spoken: Ale, Tsamai, Dihina, and Dobase. The languages are similar, but speakers of the languages cannot understand each other.

Ale language

Ale, also called Gawwada, is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia.

Tsamai language

Tsamai is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by about 18,000 people near the Omo River in Ethiopia.

Bixente Serrano Izko

Rufino Vicente "Bixente" Serrano Izco (22 January 1948 – 4 June 2020) was a Spanish historian and politician. He was born in Navarre, Spain. He was a Deputy in the Cortes Generales from 8 June 2015 to 27 October 2015. He was a member of the Geroa Bai. 

In 1974, he was put in a political prisoner during the Francisco Franco dictatorship. He was freed in 1977 after an amnesty law was signed. 

Serrano Izko died on 4 June 2020 from surgical-related problems at a hospital in Pamplona, Spain at the age of 72.

Boris Gaganelov

Boris Atanasov Gaganelov (; 7 October 1941 – 5 June 2020) was a Bulgarian football player and later coach. He was born in Petrich, Bulgaria. Gaganelov made 51 appearances for the Bulgaria national football team. He represented Bulgaria at the FIFA World Cups in 1966 and 1970.

Gaganelov died on 5 June 2020 in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 78.

Dihina language

Dihina is a Cushitic language. It is very similar to Ale. Some people think they are the same language, because they are so similar. ISO gives both languages the same code, GWD.

Agnes Chow

Agnes Chow Ting (; born 3 December 1996) is a student activist, politician in Hong Kong. She is a former member of Demosistō. She was first known to be the spokesperson of Scholarism in the Umbrella Movement but she went away after that. She was arrested in August 2019 during the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests at her home in Tai Po. On 30 June 2020, she announced on Facebook that she left Demosistō.


Ved Marwah

Ved Prakash Marwah (15 September 1934 – 5 June 2020) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Manipur from 1999 to 2003, Mizoram from 2000 to 2001 and Jharkhand from 2003 to 2004. He was born in Peshawar, British India.

Marwah died on 5 June 2020 from lung disease-related problems at a hospital in Goa, India at the age of 85.

Dobase language

Dobase is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia. Only around 1,500 people speak the language.

Highland East Cushitic languages

The Highland East Cushitic, or Sidamic, languages are a branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken in Ethiopia. The most spoken language in the branch is Sidamo. It has around 3 million speakers.



Sidamo language

Sidamo, or Sidaama, is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia by about three million people.

Mikhail Kokshenov

Mikhail Mikhailovich Kokshenov (16 September 1936 – 4 June 2020) was a Russian actor, movie director and producer. He was born in Moscow. His career lasted from 1957 to 2010. His best known roles were as Zahar in "Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha" (1967), as Karate in "The Garage" (1980) and as Septa in "Sportloto-82" (1982).

Kokshenov died on 4 June 2020 in Moscow from stroke-related problems, aged 83.

Burji language

Burji is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia and Kenya, south of Lake Chamo. Around 70,000 people speak the language.

Gedeo language

Gedeo is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia by nearly one million people.

Jiří Hanák

Jiří Hanák (27 February 1938 – 5 June 2020) was a Czech journalist and political activist. He was born in Buchlovice, Czechoslovakia. He was a member of the Communist Party. He was the editor of a Czech newspaper company titled "Free word". He was one of the signers of Charter 77.

Hanák died on 5 June 2020 in Prague at the age of 82.

Hadiyya language

Hadiyya is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by around 1.3 million people in Southern Ethiopia. It is very similar to the Libido language, which is spoken just north of where Hadiyya is spoken.

Rupert Hine

Rupert Neville Hine (21 September 1947 – 4 June 2020) was an English musician, singer-songwriter and record producer. 

He produced albums for artists including Rush, Kevin Ayers, Tina Turner, Howard Jones, Saga, The Fixx, Bob Geldof, Thompson Twins, Stevie Nicks, Chris de Burgh, Suzanne Vega, Underworld, Duncan Sheik, Formula and Eleanor McEvoy. 

He also recorded eleven albums under the band name Thinkman, and was a member of the band Quantum Jump. He was born in London.

Hine died on 4 June 2020 in London from cancer, aged 72.

Libido language

Libido is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by around 65,000 in Southern Ethiopia. It is very similar to Hadiyya, which is spoken just south of where Libido is spoken. Some people think Libido is a dialect of Hadiyya.

Robert Jarvik

Robert Koffler Jarvik, M.D. (born May 11, 1946) is an American scientist, researcher and businessman. He is known for his role in creating the Jarvik-7 artificial heart. He was born in Midland, Michigan.


Kambaata language

Kambaata is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia by around 900,000 people.

James Aloysius Hickey

James Aloysius Hickey (October 11, 1920 – October 24, 2004) was an American Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Washington from 1980 to 2000. He was made a Cardinal in 1988. He was born in Midland, Michigan.

Hickey died on October 24, 2004 in Washington, D.C. of pneumonia, aged 84.

Donald Wuerl

Donald William Wuerl (born November 12, 1940) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

He was Archbishop of Washington, D.C. from 2006 to 2018. He was promoted by Pope John Paul II to be Auxiliary Bishop of Seattle (1986–1987), and Bishop of Pittsburgh (1988–2006). 

He was named Archbishop of Washington by Pope Benedict XVI and made a cardinal by him in 2010. 

Wuerl was criticized for how he handled sexual abuse cases during his time in Pittsburgh in 2018. Wuerl has denied mishandling the cases. 

On October 12, 2018, Pope Francis accepted his resignation as Archbishop of Washington. He remains a member of the College of Cardinals, eligible to vote in a papal election until November 2020. Wilton Daniel Gregory will replace him.

Timothy M. Dolan

Timothy Michael Dolan (born February 6, 1950) is an American cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has served as the tenth and current Archbishop of New York since 2009.

Dolan was the President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops from 2010 to 2013.

Dolan is widely known for his conservative views. He was Archbishop of Milwaukee from 2002 to 2009 and Auxiliary Bishop of St. Louis from 2001 to 2002.

Dolan was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

José Horacio Gómez

José Horacio Gómez (born December 26, 1951) is a Mexican-born American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Monterrey, Mexico. He has been the fifth Archbishop of Los Angeles since 2011. 

He was Auxiliary Bishop of Denver from 2001 to 2004 and Archbishop of San Antonio from 2004 to 2010. 

Gomez was Vice President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. In 2019, he became President of the conference.

Dave Camp

David Lee Camp (born July 9, 1953) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 2015. Camp represented since 1993, and previously served one term representing . He is a member of the Republican Party.

Camp was chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means from 2011 to 2015. In March 2014, he announced that he would not run for re-election.

Raoul Juneja

Raoul Singh Juneja (born February 1, 1980) is a Canadian music producer and columnist based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Raoul is better known as a media expert on urban and . He is credited as the executive producer of , a tribute album dedicated to the late hip hop icon, Tupac Shakur.

He studied media at University of Western Ontario where he began DeeJaying and appearing as a TV host. In 2001, Juneja started his professional career writing articles for Canada's "WORD Magazine". Raoul has worked as a columnist for .
In 2005, Juneja founded "Hip-Hop Literacy" campaign. The campaign was supported by several celebrities.

Raoul has conducted and produced the award-winning national Canadian music Show "V-Mix" on , which ran for 173 episodes over 4 seasons.

Juneja has worked as the researcher for CBC's first South Asian CBC Radio, which was launched in 2014.
He served on the Toronto Independent Music Awards as a jury for JUNO Awards. He is a members of "Artists United Against Human Trafficking", a 's initiative against the crime of trafficking in persons.

In 2016, Juneja joined an anti-bullying tour of Canadian schools, "Conquer The Fear", as their keynote speaker.



Tuojiangosaurus

Tuojiangosaurus is an armoured dinosaur that lived during the upper Jurassic period approximately 150 million years ago 

Tuojiangosaurus comes from Szechuan, China. Ancient Chinese records tell of local villagers selling mythical dragon bones to make medicine. These were probably the fossils of Tuojiangosaurus. 

Tuojiangosaurus wasn't a dragon. It was a dinosaur. To protect it, it had 17 pairs of spiky plates down its back and tail. A frightening set of tail spikes completed this plant-eater's armour. 

With one deadly swing of its spiked tail Tuojiangosaurus could hurt the belly of an attacking predator. 

The Chinese province where Tuojiangosaurus was found is home to the Zigong Dinosaur Park, the first dinosaur museum in Asia.

Utterly Alone

Utterly Alone () is a 2004 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Jonas Vaitkus and starring Vladas Bagdonas, Saulius Balandis, Brigita Bublyte.


The Story of Nampoo

The Story of Nampoo () is a 1984 Thai drama movie directed by Euthana Mukdasanit and based on the novel of the same name (known in Thai as ) by Suwanni Sukhontha. It stars Rewat Buddhinan, Amphol Lumpoon, Patravadi Sritrairat.

The Gardener (1912 movie)

The Gardener is a 1912 Swedish drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and starring Gösta Ekman, John Ekman, Mauritz Stiller, Lili Bech.

Attic ladder

An attic ladder (US) or loft ladder (UK) is a collapsible ladder which is attached with the floor of an attic and ceiling of the floor below the attic. Fire departments also use a similar attic ladders as an equipment.


Milton Glaser

Milton Glaser (June 26, 1929 – June 26, 2020) was an American graphic designer. His designs include the I ❤ NY logo, the psychedelic Bob Dylan poster, and the logos for DC Comics and Brooklyn Brewery. He was born in New York City.

In 1954, he co-founded "New York" magazine with Clay Felker. He was honored with the National Medal of the Arts award from President Barack Obama in 2009.

Glaser died of a stroke and renal failure in New York City on his 91st birthday on June 26, 2020.

North Carolina Central University

North Carolina Central University (NCCU or NC Central), a state-supported liberal arts public historically black university in Durham, North Carolina. 

It was founded by Dr. James E. Shepard with the Chautauqua movement in 1909. It was made part of the state system in 1923, when it first received state funding and was renamed as Durham State Normal School. 

It added graduate classes in arts and sciences and professional schools in law and library science in the late 1930s and 1940s.


Piano Piano Kid

Piano Piano Kid () is a 1991 Turkish family drama movie directed by Tunç Başaran and starring Rutkay Aziz, Yaman Okay, Emin Sivas, Serap Aksoy.

Peggy Flanagan

Peggy Flanagan (born September 22, 1979) is an American politician. She is the 50th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota since 2019. She was elected lieutenant governor on November 6, 2018 and is the second Native American woman to be elected to statewide executive office in U.S. history. 

She is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). Flanagan represented District 46A in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2015 to 2019. 

St. Louis Park, Minnesota

St. Louis Park is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 50,010 at the 2020 census.

Jelgava

Jelgava is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1573.

Woodbury, Minnesota

Woodbury is a city in Washington County, Minnesota. It is part of the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area. Woodbury is east of Saint Paul along Interstate 94. The 2020 population for Woodbury was 75,102, making it the 8th most populous city in Minnesota.

Paynesville, Minnesota

Paynesville is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,388 at the 2020 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Foley, Minnesota

Foley is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,711 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Benton County.

Liepāja

Liepāja is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1625. It is on the Baltic Sea. It is the third largest city in the country, after Riga and Daugavpils.

Rēzekne

Rēzekne is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1773.

Kathy Hochul

Kathleen Courtney Hochul ( ; born August 27, 1958) is an American politician serving as the 57th governor of New York since 2021. Before becoming governor, she was the lieutenant governor from 2015 to 2021 under Andrew Cuomo. She was also a U.S. Representative for New York's 26th congressional district from 2011 to 2013. Hochul is a member of the Democratic Party.

Hochul is the state's first female governor and is also the first female governor from Upstate New York.

Ventspils

Ventspils is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1378. It is on the Baltic Sea.

Entten tentten teelikamentten

Entten tentten teelikamentten is an old Finnish nursery rhyme.

"Entten tentten teelikamentten<br>
"hissun kissun vaapula vissun<br>
"eelin keelin klot<br>
"viipula vaapula vot<br>
"Eskon saun piun paun."

"Nyt sää lähdet tästä pelistä pois, <br>
"Puh pah pelistä pois!""



Mohammed Nasim

Mohammed Nasim (2 April 1948 – 13 June 2020) was a Bangladeshi Awami League politician. Nasim was born in the Sirajganj District in Bangladesh. 

He was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare from 2014 to 2019. He was Minister of Home Affairs from 1996 to 2001. He has been a member of the Jatiya Sangsad since 2014. He was in the Jatiya Sangsad before from 1986 to 1988 and again from 1991 to 2006.

On 1 June 2020, Nasim was hospitalized in Dhaka after testing positive for COVID-19. Four days later, he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage during his treatment. On 13 June 2020, Nasim died while being treated for COVID-19 at a hospital in Dhaka.

Monroe County, Michigan

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 154,809. The largest city and county seat is Monroe. It was named for then-President James Monroe in 1817.

Monroe, Michigan

Monroe is the largest city and county seat of Monroe County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Monroe had a population of 20,462 in the 2020 census.

Yokota family

The Shigeru Yokota (November 14, 1932 – June 5, 2020) and wife Sakie Yokota (born February 4, 1936) were Japanese human rights activists and writers. They founded the Japanese National Association for the Rescue of Japanese Kidnapped by North Korea in 1997. It supports the victims of abductions of Japanese citizens by North Koreans in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

The Yokotas' daughter Megumi was kidnapped in 1977 by North Korean spies. She is currently missing.

Sakie Yokota once met with President George W. Bush to talk about sanctions on North Korea and in 2013 she testified about her daughter's abduction.

On June 5, 2020, Shigeru Yokota died at age 87. It was reported that U.S. President Donald Trump sent a letter expressing his condolences to Sakie over the death of her husband.

North Korean abductions of Japanese citizens

Abductions of Japanese citizens from Japan by agents of the North Korean government took place during for six years from 1977 to 1983. 

Although only 17 Japanese (eight men and nine women) are officially recognized by the Japanese government as having been abducted, there may have been hundreds of victims. 

The North Korean government has officially admitted to kidnapping 13 Japanese citizens.

There are testimonies that many non-Japanese citizens, including eight citizens from European countries and one from the Middle East, have been abducted by North Korea.

The National Association for the Rescue of Japanese Kidnapped by North Korea or NARKN (北朝鮮に拉致された日本人を救出するための全国協議会 or simply 救う会全国協議会) was created in 1998 by the Yokota family. The purpose of NARKN is to help the families of Japanese kidnapped victims to find their loved ones.

Los Hermanos Cartagena

Los Hermanos Cartagena (English: "The Cartagena Brothers") is a 1984 Bolivian drama movie directed by Paolo Agazzi and starring Eddy Bravo, Alberto Cornejo, Oscar Cortés, Ernesto Ferrante.

List of universities in Baku

This is a list of colleges and universities in Baku, Azerbaijan.



Jim Fryatt

Jim Fryatt (2 September 1940 – 5 June 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played as a striker. During his playing career he was nicknamed 'Pancho'. He was born in Southampton, England. His career lasted from 1957 to 1975. 

He was known for playing with Southend United from 1960 to 1963, Bradford from 1963 to 1966, Oldham Athletic from 1970 to 1971, and for Southport from 1971 to 1974.

He also briefly played with Stockport County, Torquay United, Blackburn Rovers, and Charlton Athletic. During his final career years, he played for the North American Soccer League playing in Philadelphia, Hartford and Las Vegas.

Fryatt died on 5 June 2020 in Las Vegas, aged 79.

Polonia Warsaw

Polonia Warsaw (, ) was founded on 19 November 1911. It is the oldest existing Warsaw sports club, with football, basketball, track and field and swimming teams.

Piotr Rocki

Piotr Rocki (January 11, 1974 – June 1, 2020) was a Polish football player. He was born in Warsaw. He played for Polonia Warsaw, Hetman Zamość, Górnik Zabrze, Odra Wodzisław Śląski and later for Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski. His career lasted from 1990 to 2017.

Rocki died on June 1, 2020 in Bytom, Poland after suffering from an aneurysm, aged 46.

Conrad Worrill

Conrad Worrill (August 15, 1941 – June 3, 2020) was an African-American writer, educator, activist, and talk show host for the WVON call-in program "On Target". He was born in Pasadena, California. His activism was focused in Chicago.

He was involved with the Million Man March, and the National Black United Front. Worrill called on for greater independence in African-American life. He helped young people better understand the relationships between power and institutions. He was a political advisor to Chicago Mayor Harold Washington.

Worrill died on June 3, 2020 from cancer in Chicago at the age of 78.


Valentina Tăzlăuanu

Valentina Tăzlăuanu (5 January 1950 – 3 June 2020) was a Moldovan essayist, journalist and theatre critic. She was the editor in chief of "Sud-Est". She was Chief of Arts Department at Literatura şi Arta magazine from 1977 to 1990. She also was Deputy Minister of Culture from 1997 to 2000.

She was also a member of the Moldovan Writers' Union as well as member and Secretary of PEN Club Moldova.

Tăzlăuanu died on 3 June 2020 in Chișinău, Moldova at the age of 70.

Appomattox County, Virginia

Appomattox County is a United States county near the center of the U.S. state of Virginia. The county is part of the Lynchburg, VA Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its county seat is the town of Appomattox.

Inferno (1980 movie)

Inferno is a 1980 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento and is the sequel to the 1977 movie "Suspiria". It stars Irene Miracle, Leigh McCloskey, Eleonora Giorgi, Daria Nicolodi, Sacha Pitoëff, Veronica Lazar and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Patrick Duffy (British politician)

Sir Albert Edward Patrick Duffy (born 17 June 1920) is a British economist and Labour Party politician. He was born in London and served in World War II. 

He was a Member of Parliament for Colne Valley from 1963 to 1966 and for Sheffield Attercliffe from 1970 to 1992. He was a Minister of the Navy in the 1970s, and President of the NATO Assembly in the 1980s. Duffy was a critic of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.

Patrick Duffy

Patrick Garfield Duffy (born March 17, 1949) is an American actor. He is best known for his role on the CBS primetime soap opera "Dallas", where he played Bobby Ewing from 1978 to 1985 and from 1986 to 1991. Duffy returned as Bobby in a continuation of "Dallas" from 2012 to 2014. 

Duffy was born in Townsend, Montana. He was raised in Everett, Washington and in Eagle Point, Oregon. He studied at the University of Washington. He was married to Carlyn Rosser from 1974 until her death in 2017. They had two children.

Hasnain Khan

Hasnain Khan (born 9 January 1996) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer. He plays for Federally Administered Tribal Areas. 


Eagle Point, Oregon

Eagle Point is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. The population was 9,686 at the 2020 census.

Stockholm University

Stockholm University () is a public university in Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. It was founded as a college in 1878. It reached the university status in 1960. It had over 33,000 students in 2019. It has four different faculties, including law, humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences. It is one of the largest universities in Scandinavia. It is one of the top 100 universities in the world, according to the Academic Ranking of World Universities.

When it was granted university status in 1960, it became the fourth oldest Swedish university. Like other public universities in Sweden, its mission is teaching and research anchored in society at large.


Sharad Arvind Bobde

Sharad Arvind Bobde (born 24 April 1956) is an Indian judge. He was the 47th Chief Justice of India from 18 November 2019 to 23 April 2021. 

He is a former Chief Justice of Madhya Pradesh High Court.

Om Birla

Om Birla (born 23 November 1962) is an Indian politician. He is the 17th and current Speaker of the Lok Sabha since 2019. He has been a Member of Parliament for the Kota-Bundi constituency in Rajasthan since 2014. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Rabi Ray

Rabi Ray (26 November 1926 – 6 March 2017) was an Indian socialist politician. He was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 1989 to 1991. He joined the Socialist Party in 1948, and later became member of the Samyukta Socialist Party, the Janata Party and the Janata Dal.

Yuki Niizawa

Yuki Niizawa (born 13 February 1997) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 Summer Universiade, 2018 Asian Games, 2017 World Aquatic Championships, and 2019 World Aquatic Championships.


Manohar Joshi

Manohar Gajanan Joshi (2 December 1937 – 23 February 2024) was an Indian politician. He was one of the key leaders of the Shiv Sena political party. He was the Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 1995 to 1999. He was also the 13th Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 2002 to 2004.

Joshi died in Mumbai on 23 February 2024. He was 86 years old at the time of his death. The cause of death was cardiac arrest.

Paul Tudor Jones

Paul Tudor Jones II (born September 28, 1954) is an American billionaire hedge fund manager, philanthropist, and conservationist. His hedge fund, Tudor Investment Corporation, an asset management firm headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, was founded in 1980.

He founded the Robin Hood Foundation eight years later. The organization focuses on helping reduce poverty.

His net worth is estimated to be $5.1 billion according to Forbes.



Ramesh Chandra Lahoti

Ramesh Chandra Lahoti (1 November 1940 – 23 March 2022) was an Indian judge. He was the 35th Chief Justice of India from 1 June 2004 to 1 November 2005.

Lahoti died on 23 March 2022 in New Delhi, India at the age of 81.

S. Rajendra Babu

S. Rajendra Babu (born 1 June 1939) is an Indian judge. He was the 34th Chief Justice of India from May to June 2004. He also served as the chairperson of National Human Rights Commission of India.

Akari Inaba

Akari Inaba (born 2 February 1998) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2018 Asian Games, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships. 


V. N. Khare

Vishweshwar Nath Khare (born 2 May 1939) is an Indian judge. He was the 33rd Chief Justice of India from 19 December 2002 to 2 May 2004. He was a judge of the Supreme Court of India from 21 March 1997 before he was promoted to the post of Chief Justice by President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam.

Kamal Narain Singh

Kamal Narain Singh (December 13, 1926 – September 8, 2022) is an Indian judge. He was the 22nd Chief Justice of India from November to December 1991. He was from Allahabad. At 17 days, his tenure as chief justice is the shortest.

Singh died on September 8, 2022 at the age of 95.

Yaaba

Yaaba is a 1989 Burkinabé Swiss French family drama movie directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo and starring Noufou Ouédraogo, Fatimata Sanga, Roukietou Barry. It was distributed by New Yorker Films.


Aziz Mushabber Ahmadi

Aziz Mushabber Ahmadi (25 March 1932 – 2 March 2023) was an Indian judge. He was the 26th Chief Justice of India from 1994 to 1997. After serving as a judge in the Gujarat High Court, Ahmadi was appointed judge to the Supreme Court in 1988.

He was Chancellor at the Aligarh Muslim University for two terms.
Ahmadi died on 2 March 2023, at age 90.

Minori Yamamoto

Minori Yamamoto (born 14 October 1997) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sam Piroj Bharucha

Sam Piroj Bharucha (born May 6, 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 30th Chief Justice of India from November 2001 until his retirement in 2002.

Bhupinder Nath Kirpal

Bhupinder Nath Kirpal (B. N. Kirpal) (born 8 November 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 31st Chief Justice of India from 6 May 2002 until his retirement on 7 November 2002.

Gopal Ballav Pattanaik

Gopal Ballav Pattanaik (born 19 December 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 32nd Chief Justice of India from 8 November 2002 to 18 December 2002. He was appointed by President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam. He was born in Cuttack, now in Odisha, India.

Chiaki Sakanoue

Chiaki Sakanoue (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Jackson County, Michigan

Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. Its population was 160,366 as of the 2020 Census. The county seat is Jackson. It is named for U.S. President Andrew Jackson.

James Albert Murray

James Albert Murray (July 5, 1932 – June 5, 2020) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Kalamazoo from 1998 to 2009. He was born in Jackson, Michigan. 

Murray died on June 5, 2020 in Kalamazoo, Michigan at the age of 87.


Bole–Tangale languages

The Bole–Tangale languages (also called A.2 West Chadic languages) are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in Northeastern Nigeria.

The Bole–Tangale languages are:


Salem, Ohio

Salem is a city in northern Columbiana County, Ohio, United States, with a small district in southern Mahoning County. At the 2020 census, the city's population was 11,915. Salem is the principal city of the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Boardman, Ohio

Boardman is a unincorporated community in Boardman Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb south of Youngstown. Boardman is one of two major retail hubs in the Mahoning Valley.

Until 2020, it was a census-designated place (CDP). The population of the CDP was 35,376 at the 2010 census.

Shino Magariyama

Shino Magariyama (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player. She participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Boardman Township, Mahoning County, Ohio

Boardman Township is one of the fourteen townships of Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. The 2020 census found 40,213 people in the township.

Angas languages

The Angas, Angas–Sura, or Central West Chadic, (A.3 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in North Nigeria.

The Angas languages are:


Wilhelm von Homburg

Norbert Grupe (August 25, 1940 – March 10, 2004), better known outside Germany by his stage name Wilhelm von Homburg, was a German boxer, actor, and professional wrestler. He was known for his villainous supporting roles in many movies of the 1980s and 90s, including Vigo the Carpathian in "Ghostbusters II", the henchman James in "Die Hard," and Souteneur in Werner Herzog's "Stroszek." He was born in Hamburg.

von Homburg died of prostate cancer at a friend's house in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico on March 10, 2004 at the age of 63.


Ron languages

The Ron, Ronic, or Ron–Fyer, (A.4 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Plateau State of North Nigeria.

The Ron languages, and their tentative relatioships, are:


Yuri Kazama

Yuri Kazama (born 3 October 1996) is a Japanese water polo player. She was part of the Japanese women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Alexander Godunov

Alexander Borisovich Godunov (Russian: ; November 28, 1949 – May 18, 1995) was a Russian-American ballet dancer and movie actor. He was a member of the Bolshoi Ballet. He was known for his roles as Max Beissart in "The Money Pit" (1986) and as Karl Vreski in "Die Hard" (1988).

Godunov died on May 18, 1995 from hepatitis caused by alcoholism at his home in Hollywood, California at the age of 45.

Bade languages

The Bade (also called B.1 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Borno and Jigawa States of North Nigeria. Bade is the most widely spoken Bade langauge. It is where the branch gets its name.

The Bade languages are:


† = Extinct language

Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec

Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner.

Bade language

Bade is a Chadic language. It is spoken in the Yobe and Jigawa States of Nigeria. Around 250,000 people speak Bade. The amount of people speaking Bade is going down quickly. Some people think it might go extinct.

Rikako Miura

Rikako Miura (born 13 October 1989) is a Japanese female water polo player. She participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Warji languages

The Warji (B.2 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Bauchi State of Nigeria.

The Warji languages are:


Pieter van der Kruk

Pieter "Piet" van der Kruk (13 August 1941 – 4 June 2020) was a Dutch heavyweight weightlifter and shot putter. He won five national weightlifting titles (1964, 1965, 1967–1969) and four shot put titles (1964, 1965, 1967 and 1969). He qualified for the 1968 Summer Olympics and finished in ninth place. He was born in Delft, the Netherlands.

Kruk died on 4 June 2020 at a hospital in Delft after a short-illness, aged 78.

Barawa languages

The Barawa (B.3 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Bauchi State of North Nigeria. 

The Barawa languages are:


Vincent Perez

Vincent Perez (born 10 June 1964) is a Swiss-French actor, director and photographer. He is best known for playing the title character, Ashe Corven, in "", and for starring in "Queen of the Damned", playing Marius de Romanus.

Audrey Daule

Audrey Daule (born 6 May 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Pedro Ercílio Simon

Pedro Ercílio Simon (9 September 1941 – 1 June 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Ibiaçá, Rio Grande do Sul. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Uruguaiana from 1995 to 1998. Simon then was coadjutor bishop, diocese bishop, and then archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Passo Fundo, Brazil from 1998 to 2012.

Simon died in Passo Fundo, Rio Grande do Sul on 1 June 2020, aged 78.

Passo Fundo

Passo Fundo is a municipality in the north of the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is named after its river. It's the twelfth largest city in the state. It has a population of 201,767.


Warji language

Warji is a Chadic language spoken in the Bauchi State, Nigeria. Many people are starting to speak Hausa instead. Warji might go extinct.

Constantin Xenakis

Constantin Xenakis (; 28 December 1931 – 6 June 2020) was an Egyptian-born Greek-French painter and sculptor. 

His works were written script, in particular the Hebrew alphabet, symbols and codes of everyday life such as traffic signs, chemical symbols, Egyptian hieroglyphics and letters from the Greek, Phoenician and Arabic alphabets.

He was born in Cairo. He spent his career in Paris. His work is held in the National Gallery of Greece and the Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art.

He was made a Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters in 1986.

Xenakis died on 6 June 2020 at his home in Paris, aged 88.

Zahurul Islam Khan

Zahurul Islam Khan Bikalpa Dhara Bangladesh politician. He was elected a member of parliament from Mymensingh-9 in February 1996.

Khan was elected to parliament from Mymensingh-9 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He joined the Jatiya Party and was defeated by Mymensingh-9 seat in the seventh election on 12 June 1996. He joined the Bikalpa Dhara Bangladesh party in 2004 and lost the Mymensingh-9 seat in the 2008 ninth national election. He then joined the Awami League.

Douarnenez

Douarnenez is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Drennec

Le Drennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Noah Emmerich

Noah Nicholas Emmerich (born February 27, 1965) is an American actor and television director. He is best known for his roles in "Beautiful Girls" (1996), "The Truman Show" (1998), "Frequency" (2000), "Miracle" (2004), "Little Children" (2006) and "Super 8" (2011).

From 2013 to 2018, he starred as FBI agent Stan Beeman on the FX series "The Americans".

Edern, Finistère

Edern () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Elliant

Elliant () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Nicholas Kristof

Nicholas Donabet Kristof (born April 27, 1959) is an American journalist and political commentator. He is the winner of two Pulitzer Prizes. He is a regular CNN contributor and has written an op-ed column for "The New York Times" since November 2001.

His works focuses on human rights abuses and social injustices, such as human trafficking and the Darfur conflict.

Locmaria-Berrien

Locmaria-Berrien () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Poullaouen.

Yamhill, Oregon

Yamhill is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. The population was 1,147 at the 2020 census. It was originally named North Yamhill in 1891.

Plounéour-Trez

Plounéour-Trez () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages.

Sheryl WuDunn

Sheryl WuDunn (born November 16, 1959) is an American business executive, Pulitzer Prize-winning writer and lecturer.

She has also been a private wealth adviser with Goldman Sachs and was a journalist and business executive for "The New York Times." She is now senior managing director at Mid-Market Securities.

In 1988, she married journalist Nicholas Kristof.

West Semitic languages

The West Semitic languages are a large branch of Semitic languages. It is the only branch of Semitic languages with languages still spoken. The other branch of Semitic languages was East Semitic. It is extinct. The two branches of West Semitic languages are Central and Southern. Some linguists disagree with the branches. They think that Central and Southern Semitic languages are not related and are actually separate branches of Semitic languages.

Abdul Malek

Abdul Malek is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament of Mymensingh-4. He was the organizer of the Liberation War of Bangladesh.

Abdul Malek was elected to parliament from Mymensingh-4 as a Bangladesh Awami League candidate in 1973. He was the organizer of the Liberation War of Bangladesh.

Spotted-thighed frog

The spotted-thighed frog or spotted-thighed tree frog ("Litoria cyclorhyncha") is a tree frog from southwestern Australia.

Spotted-thighed frogs are dark green or brown with yellow spots on their backs. They have bright yellow spots on their legs. It looks like its relative, the motorbike frog.

By 2020, the spotted-thighed frog had moved to southern Australia, where it is an invasive specie. Humans carried the spotted-thighed frog to southern Australia by accident. People have seen spotted-thighed frogs in Streaky Bay, the Eyre Peninsula and at the airport in Adelaide.

Scientists say the spotted-thighed frog is dangerous to the environment because can eat many different kinds of food, even mice and other frogs. This means it can kill the frogs that usually live in South Australia, either by eating all their food or by eating the frogs themselves.

According to ecologist Christine Taylor, "This frog is an indiscriminate eating machine that will devour just about anything it can fit into its mouth."

Ergué-Gabéric

Ergué-Gabéric () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Faou

Le Faou () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Abu Reza Fazlul Haque Bablu

Abu Reza Fazlul Haque Bablu politician. He was elected a member of parliament from in .

Bablu is a lawyer and president of BNP. He was elected to parliament from as a candidate in .

East Ham

East Ham is a district of the London Borough of Newham, England, 8 miles (12.8 km) east of Charing Cross. East Ham is in the London Plan as a Major Centre. The population is 76,186.

East Semitic languages

The East Semitic languages were a branch of Semitic languages. It is extinct. The main two languages were Akkadian and Eblaite.

Bill Ackman

William Albert Ackman (born May 11, 1966) is an American investor and hedge fund manager. He is the founder and CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, and trader in YOBATSU CORP. He is best known for shorting Herbalife.


Somerset County, Pennsylvania

Somerset County (Pennsylvania German: "Somerset Kaundi") is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 74,129. Its county seat is Somerset. It is named after the county of Somerset in England.

La Feuillée

La Feuillée () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Somerset, Pennsylvania

Somerset is a borough in and the county seat of Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 6,048 at the 2020 census. The borough is surrounded by Somerset Township. 

Le Folgoët

Le Folgoët () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Central Semitic languages

The Central Semitic languages are a branch of West Semitic languages. They are spoken in the Middle East and North Africa. The branch is made up of two parts, Arabic and the Northwest Semitic languages (including Hebrew and Aramaic).

Cambria County, Pennsylvania

Cambria County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 133,472. Its county seat is Ebensburg. It was named for the nation of Wales, which in Latin is known as "Cambria".

La Forest-Landerneau

La Forest-Landerneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ebensburg, Pennsylvania

Ebensburg is a borough and the county seat of Cambria County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located west of Altoona. The population was 3,404 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Blair County, Pennsylvania

Blair County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 122,822. Its county seat is Hollidaysburg. 

Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania

Hollidaysburg is a borough in and the county seat of Blair County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located on the Juniata River, south of Altoona and is part of the Altoona, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,641 at the 2020 census.

Bedford, Pennsylvania

Bedford is a borough in and the county seat of Bedford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located west of Harrisburg, the state capital, and east of Pittsburgh. Bedford's population was 2,865 at the 2020 census.

La Forêt-Fouesnant

La Forêt-Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Harvard Business School

Harvard Business School (abbv: HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University. It is located in Boston, Massachusetts. It is one of the top business schools in the world. It offers a range of wide full-time MBA program, management-related doctoral programs, and many leadership education programs.

It also owns Harvard Business Publishing. The company publishes business books, leadership articles, case studies, and the monthly "Harvard Business Review". It is also where the Baker Library/Bloomberg Center is. 


Bedford County, Pennsylvania

Bedford County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 47,577. The county seat is Bedford.

Fouesnant

Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Garlan

Garlan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouesnac'h

Gouesnac'h () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouesnou

Gouesnou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouézec

Gouézec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Northwest Semitic languages

The Northwest Semitic languages are a branch of Central Semitic languages. They came from the Levant in the Middle East. They include the languages Hebrew and Aramaic.

De Pere, Wisconsin

De Pere (pronounced locally as ""dee-PEER"") is a city located in Brown County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 24,970 according to U.S. Census Bureau. De Pere is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Goulien

Goulien () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Finistère department in northwest France.

Goulven

Goulven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gourlizon

Gourlizon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guengat

Guengat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Canaanite languages

The Canaanite languages are a branch of Northwest Semitic languages. The only main language still spoken from the branch is Hebrew. They are spoken in the Levant area of the Middle East.

Guerlesquin

Guerlesquin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guiclan

Guiclan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guilers

Guilers () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guiler-sur-Goyen

Guiler-sur-Goyen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Great Neck, New York

Great Neck is a region on Long Island, New York, that covers 9 villages, such as the villages of Great Neck, Great Neck Estates, Great Neck Plaza, and Russell Gardens. About 40,000 people live in this region.

Great Neck (village), New York

Great Neck is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, in the U.S.. As of the 2020 United States Census, the village population was 11,145.

The Village of Great Neck is located at .

North Hempstead, New York

The Town of North Hempstead is a town in Nassau County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 237,639.

Great Neck Estates, New York

Great Neck Estates is a village and a part of Great Neck in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 2,990 at the 2020 census.

It is in the Town of North Hempstead. 

Great Neck Plaza, New York

Great Neck Plaza is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, in the United States. The population was 7,482 at the 2020 census.

Russell Gardens, New York

Russell Gardens is a village and a part of the Great Neck peninsula in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 978 at the 2020 census.

It is in the Town of North Hempstead. It is on the Great Neck Peninsula.

Russell Gardens is located at (40.781063, -73.724996).

Guilligomarc'h

Guilligomarc'h () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guilvinec

Guilvinec or Le Guilvinec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guimaëc

Guimaëc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guimiliau

Guimiliau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Motorbike frog

The motorbike frog, also called Moore's frog, western green and golden bell frog, and bull frog ("Litoria moorei"), is a frog from southwestern Australia.

These frogs can be up to 7.8 cm long. They can come in different colors from brown to green and parts of their skin turn yellow if they sit in the sunlight. They have light green or light brown bellies. They have a stripe over each eyelid that goes past the ear to the top of the front leg.

They lay their eggs in bunches stuck to plants under water. The tadpoles can be 8 cm long and are dark brown. They grow into frogs in March and April, late summer. Some tadpoles stay tadpoles longer, for 14 months and can grow to be 14 cm long before turning into frogs.

The tadpoles eat algae and the adults eat arthropods, such as insects, and sometimes young motorbike frogs.

Although this frog can climb trees, it mostly lives on the ground, so not all scientists call it a tree frog.

Guipavas

Guipavas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. In 2017, 14,482 people lived there.

The Brest Bretagne Airport is in the commune.

Guissény

Guissény () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Hiwassee College

Hiwassee College was a private liberal arts college in Madisonville, Tennessee. It was founded in 1849. The college offered both associate and bachelor's degrees. Most of its associate degree graduates went on to complete bachelor's degrees elsewhere. 

The college closed on May 10, 2019 because of financial issues.

Hanvec

Hanvec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Henvic

Henvic () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Union County, Tennessee

Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,802. Its county seat is Maynardville.

Maynardville, Tennessee

Maynardville is a city that is the county seat of Union County, Tennessee, United States. The city was named to honor Horace Maynard. Its population was 2,456 at the 2020 census.

Hôpital-Camfrout

Hôpital-Camfrout () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Île-de-Batz

Île-de-Batz () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Granite Bay, California

Granite Bay is a census-designated place (CDP) in Placer County, California, United States. It is part of the Sacramento–Arden-Arcade–Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 21,247 at the 2020 census.

Arden-Arcade, California

Arden-Arcade is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. The population was 94,659 at the 2020 census. It is east of the city of Sacramento and west of the community of Carmichael.

Geoffrey Burnstock

Geoffrey Burnstock (10 May 1929 – 2 June 2020) was an English-born Australian neurobiologist. He was President of the Autonomic Neuroscience Centre of the UCL Medical School. He was best known for creating the term purinergic signalling, which he discovered in the 1970s. He retired in October 2017.

Cave-dwelling frog

The cave-dwelling frog or cave frog ("Litoria cavernicola") is a frog from northwestern Australia.

The cave-dwelling frog lives in caves and between large rocks in sandstone canyons in the Kimberly region. It is green to reddish-brown in color.

The frogs lay their eggs in shallow pools of water, but scientists do not know what the tadpoles are like.

Molins-sur-Aube

Molins-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montaulin

Montaulin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montceaux-lès-Vaudes

Montceaux-lès-Vaudes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Catherine Keener

Catherine Ann Keener (born March 23, 1959) is an American actress. She has been twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Being John Malkovich" (1999) and for her role as Harper Lee in "Capote" (2005). 

Keener also appeared in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "Into the Wild" (2007), "Synecdoche, New York" (2008), and "Get Out" (2017).

Montfey

Montfey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Neuilly-sur-Marne

Neuilly-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Noisy-le-Sec

Noisy-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Get Out

Get Out is a 2017 American psychological horror movie written and directed by Jordan Peele. It stars Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Lil Rel Howery, Bradley Whitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Stephen Root, and Catherine Keener.

"Get Out" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on February 24, 2017, by Universal Pictures.

"Get Out" had strong positive critical reviews. It was nominated for four Academy Awards and was on a Metacritic list for the best movies of the 2010s.

Pantin

Pantin is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Les Pavillons-sous-Bois

Les Pavillons-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Us (2019 movie)

Us is a 2019 American horror movie written and directed by Jordan Peele. It stars Lupita Nyong'o, Winston Duke, Elisabeth Moss, and Tim Heidecker. The movie is about Adelaide Wilson (Nyong'o) and her family, who are attacked by a group of mysterious people who look just like them. 

"Us" was released in the United States on March 22, 2019, by Universal Pictures. It had strong positive reviews.

Pierrefitte-sur-Seine

Pierrefitte-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Tim Heidecker

Timothy Richard Heidecker (; born February 3, 1976) is an American comedian, writer, director, actor, and musician. He is best known as one half of the comedy duo Tim & Eric, along with Eric Wareheim. They are known for creating the television shows "Tom Goes to the Mayor", "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", and "Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories".

Heidecker was born and raised in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

Eric Wareheim

Eric Alexander Wareheim (; born April 7, 1976) is an American actor, comedian, writer, director, and musician. He is one half of the comedy duo Tim & Eric, alongside Tim Heidecker. They created the television shows "Tom Goes to the Mayor", "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", "Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule", "Tim and Eric's Bedtime Stories", and "Beef House". 

He had a constant role on the Netflix series "Master of None".

Wareheim was born in Audubon, Pennsylvania.

Audubon, Pennsylvania

Audubon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was named for naturalist John James Audubon. The population was 8,688 at the 2020 census.

Le Pré-Saint-Gervais

Le Pré-Saint-Gervais is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 17,950 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are called "Gervaisiens".

Rosny-sous-Bois

Rosny-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Île-de-Sein

Île-de-Sein () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Barry Goldwater Jr.

Barry Morris Goldwater Jr. (born July 15, 1938) is an American politician and businessman. He is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from California from 1969 to 1983.

He is the son of former U.S. Senator and 1964 Republican presidential nominee Barry Goldwater.

On November 16, 2007, Goldwater publicly endorsed Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul of Texas for the GOP nomination in 2008.


Île-Molène

Île-Molène () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Île-Tudy

Île-Tudy () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Irvillac

Irvillac () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Le Juch

Le Juch () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kergloff

Kergloff () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Finistère department in northwest France.

Kerlaz

Kerlaz () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kernilis

Kernilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Glascock County, Georgia

Glascock County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 2,884 people lived there. The county seat is Gibson.

Saint-Amand-Montrond

Saint-Amand-Montrond is a commune of 9,437 people (2017). It is found in the region Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in the center of France.

Villard-Notre-Dame

Villard-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the Isère department in the southeastern part of France.

Anatolian languages

The Anatolian languages were a branch of Indo-European languages. They are now extinct. They were spoken in Asia Minor (ancient Anatolia) in modern-day Turkey. There are three, or maybe four, known branches.

Melchert (2012) has organised them like this:


Ray Dalio

Raymond Thomas Dalio (born August 8, 1949) is an American billionaire hedge fund manager, author, and philanthropist. He is the co-chief investment officer of Bridgewater Associates since the company was founded in 1985.

The firm received a US$5 million investment from the World Bank's retirement fund. It was listed as the largest hedge fund in the world in 2013.

Dalio was born in New York City. He studied at the C.W. Post College of Long Island University before he received his M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in the year 1973. He then launched Bridgewater in his apartment 2 years later.

In 2020, Bloomberg ranked him as the world's 79th-wealthiest person.

Apart from investing, he is the author of the book "" in 2017. It covers corporate management and investment philosophy. "The New York Times" referred to it as "gospel of radical transparency."



Tocharian languages

The Tocharian languages were a branch of the Indo-European languages. They are now extinct. They were spoken on the northern side of the Tarim Basin (now in Xinjiang, China). Writing was found from around the 5th century to the 8th century AD. There were three known languages in the branch, named A, B and C.

FA Community Shield

The Football Association Community Shield (formerly the Charity Shield) is English football's yearly match held at Wembley Stadium. It is played between the winners of the previous Premier League season and the holders of the FA Cup. If the Premier League winners also won the FA Cup, then the league second-place finishers are the opponents. The fixture is recognised as a competitive super cup by the Football Association and UEFA.



UEFA European Under-21 Championship

The UEFA European Under-21 Championship is a football competition that happens every two years. It is played by the European men's under-21 national teams of the member associations of UEFA.

Italy and Spain have won the trophy more times than anyone else. They have won five times each. Spain are also the current champions.

Held only three times before it was relabelled by UEFA.

Only under-21 championships are included in the table.






Norilsk

Norilsk is a city in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Siberia, with almost 180,000 people. It lies about north of the arctic circle, and over north of Krasnoyarsk. There are many ore deposits in the region, especially nickel and copper. Mining ore is linked to heavy pollution of the environment. Norilsk was founded in 1935 as a site of industry, to be able to mine the ore. In 1939, the decision was taken to also build a city. Norilsk got the status of a city in 1953.

Norilsk is the northernmost city with more than 100.000 inhabitants. It is the second largest city within the arctic circle, only Murmansk is larger. Norilsk and Yakutsk are the only large cities built in the continuous permafrost zone. This means that even in summer, the ground remains frozen.

The nickel deposits of Norilsk-Talnakh are the largest-known nickel-copper-palladium deposits in the world. The smelting of the nickel ore is directly responsible for severe pollution, which generally comes in the form of acid rain and smog. By some estimates, one percent of global sulfur dioxide emission comes from Norilsk's nickel mines.

Norilsk is a closed city. This means that a special permit is needed to be able to travel to Norilsk. This permit is issued both by the Russian government, and the local mining comany. Foreigners usually do not get this permit.

Most people in Norilsk are Christian: They belong to the Russian Orthodox Church. There is a Russian Orthodox Cathedral, and several churches of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church. In 1998, a mosque was built for the local Tatar community: It is considered to be the northernmost Muslim prayer house in the world.

Norilsk can only be reached by airplane, or by boat.There is a railway line, which connects the city to Dudinka, on the river Yenisei. The airport lies about west of the ciry. Dudinka is about to the west. It is a large port on the river Yenisei. While at first, there was only the railway, a road to Dudinka has been built. The raiway now only handles freight.

On 29 May 2020 a fuel reservoir collapsed, flooding the nearby Ambarnaya River with 20,000 tonnes of diesel fuel. The reservoir was the property of the local mining company, a Nornickel subsidiary, NTEK. Russian president Vladimir Putin declared a state of emergency. The fuel was a reserve used as a backup for the main gas supply to a power plant. The storage tank was built on permafrost. According to a statement by the company, the permafrost could possibly have melted and become unstable because of climate change. An area of 350 square kilometres (135 square miles) has been contaminated. It will be difficult to clean this because there are no roads and the river is too shallow for boats and barges. Oleg Mitvol estimates that the clean-up will cost about 100 billion rubles (1.5 billion US$) and take 5–10 years.

Immigration detention in the United States

The United States government holds tens of thousands of immigrants in detention. The Customs and Border Protection (CBP; principally the Border Patrol) and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) do this. Immigrants are detained for entering into the United States illegally, when their requests for asylum are received (and before they are released into the United States by parole), and in the process of deportation and removal from the country. During Fiscal Year 2018, 396,448 people were in ICE custody: 242,778 of them were detained by CBP and 153,670 by ICE. A daily average of 42,188 immigrants (40,075 adult and 2,113 in families) were held by ICE in that year. More than twelve thousand immigrant children are in buildings that the Office of Refugee Resettlement's program for Unaccompanied Alien Children controls. Before they are moved to these other agencies, the CBP keeps immigrants at processing centers; between mid-May and mid-June 2019, it kept between 14,000 and 18,000 immigrants.

City College of New York

The City College of the City University of New York (City College of New York, or simply City College, CCNY, or City) is a public college of the City University of New York (CUNY) system in New York City. The institution was founded in 1847. It was the first free public institution of higher education in the United States. It is the oldest of CUNY's 24 institutions of higher learning. It is considered its flagship college.

Located in Hamilton Heights overlooking Harlem in Manhattan, City College's 35-acre (14 ha) Collegiate Gothic campus spans Convent Avenue from 130th to 141st Streets.

It was initially designed by renowned architect George B. Post, and many of its buildings have achieved landmark status. It offers degree programs for working adults with classes in the evenings and Saturdays. Its satellite campus, City College Downtown in the Cunard Building at 25 Broadway, has been in operation since 1981.

The college has alumni that were awarded:




École de management de Normandie

École de management de Normandie is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in 5 places, in Paris, in Le Havre, in Caen, in Oxford and in Dublin. It is has been created in 1871.

EM Normandie is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Abdul Moshabbir

Abdul Moshabbir (-28 November 2018) was a politician who served Habiganj District in Bangladesh.

Abdul Moshabbir was born in 1938 in Srimatpur village of Kaliar Bhanga Union in Nabiganj Upazila of Habiganj District of Sylhet Division.

Moshabbir is a lawyer who was the president of Habiganj District Awami Bar Association. He was the president of Habiganj district bar and general secretary of the district bar. He was elected to parliament from Habiganj-1 as a In .

He lost the Jatiya Sangsad elections of 1991 Habiganj-1 constituency with the nomination of .

Abdul Moshabbir died in 28 November 2018 in .

Phenomena (movie)

Phenomena is a 1985 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento. It stars Jennifer Connelly, Daria Nicolodi, Dalila Di Lazzaro, Donald Pleasence and Patrick Bauchau.


Long Dark Night

Long Dark Night () is a 2004 Croatian World War II movie directed by Antun Vrdoljak. It stars Goran Višnjić, Mustafa Nadarević, Ivo Gregurević and Goran Navojec.

Boeing 747SP

The Boeing 747SP is a jet airliner, a variant of the Boeing 747. Compared to the original 747, the 747SP has a shortened fuselage. Because of this, it can carry fewer passengers, but is able to fly longer distances. The 747SP first flew in 1975 and entered service in 1976. A total of 45 747SPs was built until 1987.

Pan Am and Iran Air both requested an airliner that could fly long range. One 747SP was modified into the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA). 

Cheyenne Autumn

Cheyenne Autumn is a 1964 American epic western movie directed by John Ford and starring Richard Widmark, Carroll Baker, James Stewart, Edward G. Robinson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Awards in 1965.


Kernouës

Kernouës () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kersaint-Plabennec

Kersaint-Plabennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Burlington, Illinois

Burlington is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Lampaul-Guimiliau

Lampaul-Guimiliau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

La Tour-du-Pin

La Tour-du-Pin is a commune. It is found in the Isère department in the southeastern part of France.

Tab stop

A tab stop is a term used to describe the location the cursor stops after the tab key is pressed. Tab stops are used in word processors to enable users to align text by pressing the tab key. Below is a picture of the ruler bar in Microsoft Office with each of the left tab stops marked as bold L's. If these were right tabs, the L would be backwards. In Microsoft Word, the tab selector, also called the tab indicator, is a button to the left of the ruler that provides a variety of tab marker options.

Milad Tower

Milad Tower is a radio and television tower. It is in the northwest of Tehran, the capital of Iran. This tower is the tallest tower in Iran with a height of . Milad Tower is the sixth tallest radio and television tower in the world. Milad Tower is the nineteenth tallest single structure in the world. This tower is the first among all radio and television towers in the world. Milad Tower is visible almost everywhere in Tehran due to its great height. So, it is considered a symbol of the capital of Iran. Some believe that engineers built the tower on the fault system of West Town.

Burnt Offerings

Burnt Offerings is a 1976 American Italian horror movie directed by Dan Curtis and based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Robert Marasco. It stars Karen Black, Oliver Reed, Bette Davis, Lee H. Montgomery, Burgess Meredith, Eileen Heckart and was distributed by United Artists.


Black and White in Color

Black and White in Color is a 1976 Ivorian French World War I comedy movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Jean Carmet, Jacques Dufilho, Catherine Rouvel, Jacques Spiesser, Maurice Barrier. It won an Academy Award in 1977.

Next Stop, Greenwich Village

Next Stop, Greenwich Village is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Lenny Baker, Shelley Winters, Ellen Greene, Lois Smith, Christopher Walken, Bill Murray, Jeff Goldblum, Antonio Fargas. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Last Hard Men

The Last Hard Men is a 1976 American western movie directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and based on the 1971 novel "Gundown" by Brian Garfield. It stars Charlton Heston, James Coburn, Barbara Hershey, Jorge Rivero, Michael Parks, Larry Wilcox, Christopher Mitchum and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Suspiria

Suspiria is a 1977 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento and starring Jessica Harper, Stefania Casini, Flavio Bucci, Miguel Bosé, Alida Valli, Udo Kier, Joan Bennett. It was distributed by Produzioni Atlas Consorziate.


Kenny &amp; Company

Kenny & Company is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Don Coscarelli and starring A. Michael Baldwin, Jeff Roth, Reggie Bannister. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bon

Bon, also spelled Bön, is a religion of Tibet. The modern form of Bon has its roots in the late 900s and 1000s CE, when the first Bon monasteries were started in Tibet. There are many teachings in Bon that are similar to Buddhist teachings, and so people who study Bon disagree whether it should be called a kind of Buddhism or not. Followers of Bon believe that it was founded by a teacher called Tonpa Shenrab who lived many years ago in a land called Tazig. Some people think that Tazig refers to Persia, Central Asia, or the area around Mount Kailash in western Tibet. According to Tibetans, Bon was popular in Tibet before Buddhism became the main religion of Tibet, but some non-Tibetans like Per Kvœrne say there isn't much connection between religion in Tibet before Buddhism and the living tradition of Bon. After the Chinese army sent troops to Tibet in 1959, some followers of Bon were forced to leave Tibet and many Bon monasteries and temples were shut down. Many of the followers of Bon who left Tibet started Bon centers in cities around the world. Today, most people who believe in Bon are ethnic Tibetans, but a small number of non-Tibetans have started to believe in Bon too.

The "yungdrung", or left-facing swastika, is a sacred symbol in Bon, and the living tradition of Bon is sometimes called Yungdrung Bon, meaning "eternal Bon" in Tibetan. The "yungdrung", like the vajra in Tibetan Buddhism, represents eternity because it is said that the "yungdrung" cannot be destroyed and lasts forever.

Tibetan Buddhists used to write many bad things about Bon, arguing that Bon had stolen most of its teachings from Buddhism, a view that people studying Bon from Europe and North America sometimes agreed with. The fourteenth Dalai Lama, who is seen as a religious leader by most Tibetans, said that Bon is as much part of Tibetan religion as Buddhism, encouraging people to treat Bon with respect.

Followers of Bon are called Bonpos. Bonpos believe in many gods. These gods include the creator god, Sangpo Bumtri, the god of compassion Shenlha Ökar, the goddess of compassion Sherab Chamma, and the founder of Bon Tonpa Shenrab.

Amorite language

Amorite was a Semitic language. It was spoken in the Bronze Age by tribes in the Near East. It is now extinct.

Alaba-K'abeena language

Alaba and K'abeena are two very similar Cushitic languages. Some people think they are dialects of one another. These people call the language Alaba-K'abeena. They are spoken in Ethiopia. The languages are similar to the Kambaata language. Alaba and K'abeena are spoken by about 300,000 people.

Lowland East Cushitic languages

The Lowland East Cushitic languages are a branch of Cushitic languages spoken on the Horn of Africa. There are around 25 languages in the branch still spoken. The most spoken are the Oromo and Somali languages.

Used Cars

Used Cars is a 1980 American black comedy movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and starring Kurt Russell, Jack Warden, Gerrit Graham, Frank McRae, Cheryl Rixon, Alfonso Arau, Deborah Harmon, Michael McKean. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Balkan Romance languages

The Balkan Romance languages are a branch of Eastern Romance languages spoken in the Balkans. There are four languages in the branch, Aromanian, Romanian (also called Daco-Romanian), Istro-Romanian, and Megleno-Romanian.

Italo-Western languages

The Italo-Western languages are the largest branch of Romance languages. They are made up of two branches, the Italo-Dalmatian languages and the Western Romance languages.

Italo-Dalmatian languages

The Italo-Dalmatian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They are mainly spoken in Italy. Some of them used to be spoken in Croatia.


A Simple Story

A Simple Story () is a 1970 Tunisian drama movie directed by Abdellatif Ben Ammar and starring Labiba Ben Ammar, Juliet Berto, Pia Colombo.

Western Romance languages

The Western Romance languages are a branch of Romance languages. The main languages in the branch are Spanish, French, and Portuguese. The branch has two parts, Gallo-Romance and Iberian Romance.

Fire Sale

Fire Sale is a 1977 American comedy movie directed by Alan Arkin (who also stars) and based on the novel by Robert Klane. It stars Rob Reiner, Vincent Gardenia, Kay Medford, Alex Rocco, Anjanette Comer, Sid Caesar, Oliver Clark and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

The Artistic Gymnastics World Championships are the world championships for artistic gymnastics. The games are held by the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique (FIG). The first championships was held in 1903 for male gymnasts. Since the tenth game of the tournament, in 1934, women's events are held together with men's events. 

Kurt Thomas (gymnast)

Kurt Bilteaux Thomas (March 29, 1956 – June 5, 2020) was an American Olympic gymnast. He was born in Miami, Florida. Thomas became a member of the U.S. Olympic team at the 1976 Summer Olympics. In 1978, Thomas was the first American male gymnast to win a gold medal in floor exercise in a world championship. 

Thomas died of stroke-related problems at a hospital in Frisco, Texas on June 5, 2020 at the age of 64.

Christel DeHaan

Christel DeHaan (nee Stark, October 20, 1942 – June 6, 2020) was a German-born American businesswoman and philanthropist. She was the owner of Resort Condominiums International and the founder of Christel House International. DeHaan was born in Nördlingen, Germany.

DeHaan died on June 6, 2020 at her home in Indianapolis, Indiana at the age of 77.

Marjan (singer)

Shahla Safi Zamir (, 1948 – 6 June 2020), better known by her stage name Marjan (), was an Iranian singer and actress. 

Her career lasted from 1969 to 2012. She was born in Shiraz, Iran. Her best known roles were in "Morgh-e tokhm-tala", "Salam Bar Eshgh" and "Takye bar baad".

Marjan died on 6 June 2020, aged 72.

She died due to a cardiac arrest. She spent the last years of her life in .

Jordi Mestre

Jordi Mestre Molina (14 September 1981 – 6 June 2020), best known as Jordi Mestre, was a Spanish actor and model. He became famous for his work as reporter on the successful Spanish TV show "Sé lo que hicisteis...". He was born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Province of Barcelona.

Mestre was killed in a motorcycle crash in Madrid on 6 June 2020, aged 38.

Cheaper by the Dozen (2003 movie)

Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy movie directed by Shawn Levy. It stars Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt. It is a remake of the 1950 movie of the same name.

The movie was released on December 25, 2003, by 20th Century Fox and made $190.2 million worldwide. 

A sequel, "Cheaper by the Dozen 2", was released in the United States on December 21, 2005. Both movies were inspired by the real life Gilbreth family and the semi-autobiographical account of their lives as written in "Cheaper by the Dozen" by Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr. and his sister Ernestine Gilbreth Carey.

Cheaper by the Dozen 2

Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is a 2005 American family comedy movie directed by Adam Shankman. Steve Martin, Bonnie Hunt, Hilary Duff, Piper Perabo, Alyson Stoner, and Tom Welling return to their roles from the first movie. Eugene Levy and Carmen Electra co-star.



Ernestine Gilbreth Carey

Ernestine Moller Gilbreth, Mrs. Carey (April 5, 1908 – November 4, 2006) was an American author. She was born in New York City. With her brother, Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr., they wrote the semi-autobiographical book "Cheaper by the Dozen". She also wrote "Belles on Their Toes".

Carey died on November 4, 2006 in Fresno, California at the age of 98.

Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr.

Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr. (March 17, 1911 – February 18, 2001) was an American journalist and author. He was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. He co-authored, with his sister Ernestine, the autobiographical bestsellers "Cheaper by the Dozen" and "Belles on Their Toes".

Gilbreth died on February 18, 2001, aged 89, in Charleston, South Carolina. 

Frank Bunker Gilbreth

Frank Bunker Gilbreth (July 7, 1868 – June 14, 1924) was an American engineer, consultant, and author. He was known as an early supporter of scientific management and time and motion study. He is best known as the father and main figure of "Cheaper by the Dozen".

Both he and his wife Lillian Moller Gilbreth were industrial engineers. They were key figures to the study of industrial engineering.

Fairfield, Maine

Fairfield is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 6,484 at the 2020 census.

Lillian Moller Gilbreth

Lillian Evelyn Moller Gilbreth (May 24, 1878 – January 2, 1972) was an American psychologist, industrial engineer, consultant, and educator. She was known for her works with psychology to time-and-motion studies. She was called "a genius in the art of living." 

Gilbreth, one of the first female engineers to earn a Ph.D.. She and her husband, Frank Bunker Gilbreth, were experts who work to the study of industrial engineering. 

Hampton, New Jersey

Hampton is a borough in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,438.

Everson, Washington

Everson is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,481 at the 2010 census.

Everson and the nearby city of Nooksack.

Nooksack, Washington

Nooksack ( ) is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, close to the border with Canada. The population was 1,338 at the 2010 census.

Sumas, Washington

Sumas is a small city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,307 at the 2010 census. 

North Plainfield, New Jersey

North Plainfield is a borough in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census the borough's population was 22,808.

Ilana Glazer

Ilana Rose Glazer (born April 12, 1987) is an American comedian, director, producer, writer, and actress. She co-created and co-starred, with Abbi Jacobson, the Comedy Central series "Broad City". She was twice nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series for the series. 

Glazer also starred in the 2017 movie "Rough Night".

St. James, New York

St. James is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 13,487 at the 2020 census.

Madonna and Child with Two Angels (Pittoni)

Madonna and Child with Two Angels (also known as La Madonna e il figlio con due angeli) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1725, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, 
exhibited at the National Museum, Warsaw. 


The Incredible Melting Man

The Incredible Melting Man is a 1977 American science fiction horror movie directed by William Sachs and starring Alex Rebar, Burr DeBenning, Myron Healey, Jonathan Demme, Lisle Wilson, Janus Blythe. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


False vacuum

A false vacuum is an idea from theoretical physics: In quantum field theory, such a vacuum might exist for a very long time, before it changes its state. Much like with a true vacuum, a false vacuum exists where the energy is minimal. In the case of a true vacuum, this is at a global minimum of the energy function. With a false vacuum, the energy function is only at a local minimum. As is illustrated in the figure, there is a "peak" between the local minimum and the global minimum of the energy function.

How the system changes its energy state is called bubble nucleation: Somewhere in the universe, a bubble will appear, with a lower energy state inside the bubble. This bubble will then spread and change the energy state of its surroundings.

All energy fields are thought to be in a true vacuum state except one, the Higgs field. The Higgs field is thought to be Metastable, where it is only in its local minimum energy and is not in a true vacuum state yet.

Vacuum decay is a theory that, should the Higgs field release its potential energy, it will create a cascade effect where more energy is released over and over again, releasing even more energy, creating a sphere that destroys everything it interacts with.

This would be completely undetectable, and some may exist already (though very unlikely. Close to impossible) Even so, they might never reach Earth due to the expansion of the universe. Current calculations suggest that if this occurs, it will be in trillions of years. By that point, the universe will be going through Heat Death.

Ryan Prescott (actor)

Ryan Andrew Prescott (born 21 January 1989) is an English actor. He is best known his the role as Ryan Connor on the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", he began starring in the role in 2018. In 2011, Prescott played the role of Flynn Buchanan in ITV's fellow soap opera "Emmerdale".

Prescott was born in Southport, England.

President of Estonia

The President of the Republic of Estonia () is the head of state of the Republic of Estonia. The current President is Alar Karis since 11 October 2021.

There are three living former Estonian presidents:
The most recent President to die was Lennart Meri, who died on March 14 2006.


Konstantin Päts

Konstantin Päts ( – 18 January 1956) was the President of Estonia from 1938 to 1940.

Lennart Meri

Lennart Georg Meri (29 March 1929 – 14 March 2006) was an Estonian politician, writer, and movie director. He was the second President of Estonia from 1992 to 2001.

Kersti Kaljulaid

Kersti Kaljulaid (born 30 December 1969) is an Estonian politician. She was the fifth President of Estonia, in office from 10 October 2016 until 11 October 2021. She is the first female head of state of Estonia and the youngest ever President, age 46 at the time of her election.

She ran for a second term in 2021, however she did not get enough MP support to become a candidate in the election.

Prime Minister of Estonia

The Prime Minister of Estonia ("Estonian: peaminister", literally Main Minister or Head Minister) is the head of government of the Republic of Estonia. The prime minister is nominated by the President and confirmed by the Parliament.

The current Prime Minister is Kaja Kallas of the Reform Party.

Andres Tarand

Andres Tarand (born 11 January 1940) is an Estonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1994 to 1995. He was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Social Democratic Party, part of the Party of European Socialists, between 2004 and 2009. 

Mart Laar

Mart Laar (born 22 April 1960) is an Estonian politician and historian. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1992 to 1994 and from 1999 to 2002. He is a member of the centre-right Isamaa party.

Jüri Ratas

Jüri Ratas (born 2 July 1978) is an Estonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 2016 until 2021. He has been the Leader of the Centre Party since 2016. 

Somerdale, New Jersey

Somerdale is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,566.

Mariya Shtepa

Mariya Shtepa (Ukrainian: Марія Степанівна Штепа, 13 March 1925 — 1 June 2020) was a Ukrainian writer. She was involved in the Ukrainian War of Independence. In 1942 she became a member of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists.

On 22 August 2016 she was awarded the Order of Princess Olga of the III degree by the Ukrainian president President Petro Poroshenko.

From 1944 to 1946, she was active in he armed underground in Chortkiv Raion. In 1946, Maria was arrested by the Ministry of State Security, and sentenced to 10 years. She was in prison at Mordovia and Chelyabinsk region.

In the 1980s, she organized a church choir in the village of Bilobozhnytsia. She initiated the construction of a "Victims of the totalitarian regime" monument, in the center of the village, and the restoration of the tomb of the Sich Rifleman in the Bilobozhnytsia cemetery.

She founded a museum of political prisoners and repressed in Chortkiv district in the premises of buchach diocese department of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church. 

Shtepa died on 1 June 2020 in Chortkiv, Ukraine at the age of 95.

Andrée Champagne

Andrée Champagne, (July 17, 1939June 6, 2020) was a Canadian actress and Conservative politician. She was born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec. She was a member of the House of Commons from 1984 to 1993. Champagne was the Senator for Quebec from 2005 to 2014. She played Donalda in the television movie "Les Belles Histoires des pays d'en haut".

Champagne died on June 6, 2020 at the age of 80.

Lester Ryan

Lester Ryan (18 April 1959 – 6 June 2020) was an Irish sportsman. He was born in County Kilkenny. He played hurling with his local club Clara and with the Kilkenny intercounty team. Ryan won two All-Ireland Minor Hurling medals, three Leinster Senior Hurling medals and appeared in two All-Ireland finals.

Ryan was killed in a bike crash on 6 June 2020 in Gowran, Ireland at the age of 61.

Ramadan Shalah

Ramadan Abdullah Mohammed Shalah (1 January 1958 – 6 June 2020) was a Palestinian militant. He was the leader of Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) between 27 October 1995 and 2018. PIJ has been designated a terrorist organisation by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Japan, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Israel. 

In 2006, he was placed on the United States FBI Most Wanted Terrorists list.

In April 2018, Shalah suffered a many strokes. He died on 6 June 2020 in Lebanon from heart surgery-related problems, aged 62.

Andrea Veggio

Andrea Veggio (28 August 1923 – 6 June 2020) was an Italian Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Manerba del Garda, Italy. 

He was ordained a priest on 29 June 1947. He was appointed auxiliary bishop to the Diocese of Verona on 1 August 1983. He was ordained bishop on 8 September 1983. He retired from the diocese of Verona on 8 September 2001.

Veggio died on 6 June 2020 in Negrar, Italy. He was 96 years old.

Jean-Alphonse Turrettini

Jean-Alphonse Turrettini (August 1671 – May 1737) was a theologian from the Republic of Geneva. The son of François Turrettini, he was born at Geneva. ... Here he became pastor of the Italian congregation, and in 1697 professor of church history. During the next forty years of his life he enjoyed great influence in Geneva as the advocate of a more liberal theology than had prevailed under the preceding generation, and it was largely through him that the rule obliging ministers to subscribe to the Helvetic Consensus was abolished in 1706, and the Consensus itself renounced in 1725. He also wrote and labored for the promotion of union between the Reformed and Lutheran Churches.

His most important work was "Nubes testium pro moderato et pacifico de rebus theologicis judicio, et instituenda inter Protestantes concordia" (Geneva, 1729). Besides this he wrote "Cogitationes et dissertationes theologicae", on the principles of natural and revealed religion (2 vols., Geneva, 1737; in French, "Traité de la vérité de la religion chrétienne") and commentaries on "Thessalonians" and "Romans".) of theology

Inherent Vice (movie)

Inherent Vice is a 2014 American neo-noir movie based on Thomas Pynchon's 2009 novel of the same name, and written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. It follows a stoner hippie investigating the case related to his ex-girlfriend and her wealthy boyfriend. The cast includes Joaquin Phoenix, Josh Brolin, Owen Wilson, Katherine Waterston, Eric Roberts, Reese Witherspoon, Benicio del Toro, Jena Malone, Joanna Newsom, Jeannie Berlin, Maya Rudolph, Michael K. Williams and Martin Short. The movie had a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 12, 2014. It had mixed responses with critics liking Phoenix's performance and disliking the plot. 

Jeannie Berlin

Jeannie Berlin (born Jeannie Brette May, November 1, 1949) is an American actress and screenwriter. She was born in Los Angeles. She is known for her role in the 1972 movie "The Heartbreak Kid", for which she received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations. Her mother is actress, comedian and director Elaine May.

She later played the leading role in "Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York" (1975). She also starred in "Margaret" (2011), "Inherent Vice" (2014) and "Cafe Society" (2016).

Michael K. Williams

Michael Kenneth Williams (November 22, 1966 – September 6, 2021) was an American actor. He played Omar Little on the HBO drama series "The Wire" and Albert "Chalky" White on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire". 

Williams died on the morning of September 6, 2021 at his New York City apartment at the age of 54. His death is being investigated as a possible drug overdose.

The Heartbreak Kid (1972 movie)

The Heartbreak Kid is a 1972 dark romantic comedy directed by Elaine May, and written by Neil Simon. It starred Charles Grodin, Jeannie Berlin, Eddie Albert, Audra Lindley, Doris Roberts and Cybill Shepherd. It is based on the short story "A Change of Plan", written by Bruce Jay Friedman.

It is #91 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs, a list of the funniest American movies ever made.

It was remade in 2007 as "The Heartbreak Kid" starring Ben Stiller and Malin Åkerman.

Audra Lindley

Audra Marie Lindley (September 24, 1918 – October 16, 1997) was an American actress. She was most famous for her role as landlady Helen Roper on the sitcom "Three's Company" and its spin-off "The Ropers". She was born in Los Angeles.

From 1972 to 1979, she was married to actor James Whitmore.

Lindley died of leukemia on October 16, 1997 at a Los Angeles hospital, aged 79.

Jimmy O. Yang

Jimmy O. Yang (; born June 11, 1987) is a Hong Kong-American actor, stand-up comedian, and writer. He is best known for starring as Jian-Yang in the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley".

Hsu Kun-yuan

Hsu Kun-yuan (1 May 1957 – 6 June 2020) was a Taiwanese politician. He was born in Kaohsiung, Taiwan. He was a member of the Kuomintang. He was a member of the Kaohsiung City Council from 1994 until his death. From 2010 to 2014 and again from 2018 until his death, he was Speaker of the City Council.

Hsu killed himself after jumping off his home in Kaohsiung on 6 June 2020, aged 63.

Lynne Carol

Joseph Caroline Gertude Mary Faith Harber (29 June 1914 – 30 June 1990), better known as Lynne Carol, was a Welsh born (but often described as English) actress.

She is best known for her primarily roles in television serieses and telemovies, as playing busybody Martha Longhurst in the soap opera "Coronation Street" from the second episode in 1960 until the character was killed in 1964.

Whiffs

Whiffs is a 1975 American crime comedy movie directed by Ted Post and starring Elliott Gould, Eddie Albert, Harry Guardino, Godfrey Cambridge, Jennifer O'Neill. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1976.

Las furias

Las furias is a 1960 Argentine drama movie directed by Vlasta Lah and based on the play of the same name. It stars Mecha Ortiz, Olga Zubarry, Aída Luz, Alba Múgica.

The Motorcycle Diaries (movie)

The Motorcycle Diaries () is a 2004 biopic about the journey and written memoir of the 23-year-old Ernesto Guevara, who would become known as the notorious Marxist guerrilla leader and revolutionary leader Che Guevara. 

It stars Gael García Bernal, Rodrigo de la Serna, Mercedes Morán, Jean Pierre Noher and was distributed by Focus Features. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2005.

Katy Cavanagh

Kathryn Sarah Collins (born 12 December 1973), known professionally as Katy Cavanagh, is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Julie Carp in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2008 to 2015, PC Mel Draper in the BBC One drama series "The Cops" from 1998 to 2001, and Anita Kenrick in the ITV drama soap opera "Bob & Rose" in 2001. She was born in North Shields, Northumberland, but was raised in Bolton, Greater Manchester.

Dwarf rocket frog

The dwarf rocket frog ("Litoria dorsalis") is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in forests, wetlands and grasslands.

The dwarf rocket frog may have moved from Australia to New Guinea 15,000 years ago.

Lingala language

Lingala is a Bantu language spoken in the North-East of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the North of the Republic of the Congo. It has the status of national language in those two countries.


Adeline Sacré

Adeline Sacré (born 12 March 1998 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships. and 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Aurélie Battu

Aurélie Battu (born 18 September 1997) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships. and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

On a club level, she plays for Union Saint-Bruno Bordeaux.


Lampaul-Plouarzel

Lampaul-Plouarzel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lampaul-Ploudalmézeau

Lampaul-Ploudalmézeau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanarvily

Lanarvily () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landéda

Landéda () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landeleau

Landeleau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landerneau

Landerneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landévennec

Landévennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landivisiau

Landivisiau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine

Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine is a commune of 51,108 people (2017). It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Sevran

Sevran is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Stains

Stains is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Tremblay-en-France

Tremblay-en-France is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Vaujours

Vaujours is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Villemomble

Villemomble is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis

Villepinte is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 36,830 people lived there.

Villetaneuse

Villetaneuse is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Landrévarzec

Landrévarzec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landudal

Landudal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landudec

Landudec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landunvez

Landunvez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Langolen

Langolen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanhouarneau

Lanhouarneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanildut

Lanildut () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanmeur

Lanmeur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lannéanou

Lannéanou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

96 (number)

Ninety-six is a number. It comes between ninety-five and ninety-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, 32, 48, and 96.

97 (number)

Ninety-seven is a number. It comes between ninety-six and ninety-eight, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

98 (number)

Ninety-eight is a number. It comes between ninety-seven and ninety-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 7, 14, 49, and 98.

In Roman numerals, it is XCVIII.

99 (number)

Ninety-nine is a number. It comes between ninety-eight and one hundred, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 9, 11, 33, and 99.

Lannédern

Lannédern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

First Class Thieves

First Class Thieves () is a 2005 Croatian comedy movie directed by Fadil Hadžić and starring Goran Grgić, Emir Hadžihafizbegović, Mladen Vulić, Franjo Dijak, Boro Stjepanović.

Cabery, Illinois

Cabery is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Jayton, Texas

Jayton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lanneuffret

Lanneuffret () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lannilis

Lannilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Norilsk railway

The Norilsk railway connects the river port of Dudinka with the mining towns of Kayerkan, Norilsk, and Talnach. Different ore mines and industries are also connected to the line. The line has a single track. Originally, it was done as a narrow-gauge railway (gauge: 1m); later it was re-done as a Russian standard gauge (of 1.5m). It used to be electrified, but this was removed in the 1990s. Since then it only runs freight trains.

A paved highway from Dudinka to Norilsk was built in the 1990s; since then, the Norilsk railway no longer runs passenger services.

The railway is owned by the mining company.

The line has a length of a bit over , in total there are over of track.

Lanrivoaré

Lanrivoaré () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gordon County, Georgia

Gordon County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 57,544 people lived there. The county seat is Calhoun.

Grady County, Georgia

Grady County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 26,236 people lived there. The county seat is Cairo.

Harris County, Georgia

Harris County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 34,668 people lived there. The county seat is Hamilton.

Meriwether County, Georgia

Meriwether County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 20,613 people lived there. The county seat is Greenville.

Schley County, Georgia

Schley County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 4,547 people lived there. The county seat is Ellaville.

Lanvéoc

Lanvéoc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The military school École navale is here.

Ellaville, Georgia

Ellaville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Schley County.

Policja

The police force in Poland is called "policja." It was created in 1990 and has about 100,000 officers. Every Polish region has its own police department, and Warsaw has a separate department, called the Capital Police Command "(Komenda Stołeczna Policji)." It also counts the employees of BOA/SPAP, special police units. Most of the towns and some villages in Poland also have their city guards, which provide help to the police.

The Polish Police Headquarters is located in Warsaw. Polish police schools are located in Piła, Słupsk, Katowice, and Legionowo.

Previous Polish police was called "Milicja Obywatelska," it was active during the Polish Peoples Republic.

Sebastián Sichel

Sebastián Iglesias Sichel Ramírez (born 30 July 1977) is a Chilean politician and lawyer. He is current president of the Banco del Estado de Chile, the country's state bank.

He previously served as Minister of Social Development and Family and former Executive Vice President of Corfo, under the second government of Sebastián Piñera.

He studied at the Alexander Fleming Lyceum. He received his law degree from the Pontificia Universidad Católica (PUC). He also received his his master's degree in public law from the same university. He was a professor of constitutional law at the San Sebastián University from 2016 to 2018.

He is married to journalist Bárbara Encina since 2008. Together, they have three children.


Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire

The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire was a fire that happened on March 25, 1911. The fire happened in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory. This factory was on the higher floors of the Asch Building in Manhattan, New York City. The fire stopped after 20 minutes. 146 workers died.

The company's owners, Max Blanck and Isaac Harris, survived the fire by going to the building's roof when the fire started. They were indicted on charges of first and second-degree manslaughter in mid-April. Their trial began on December 4, 1911. Max Steuer was the lawyer for the defendants. He asked one of the survivors, Kate Alterman, to repeat her testimony many times. She repeated it without changing what she said. Steuer told the jury that Alterman and other witnesses had been told what to say by their lawyer. The prosecution said that Blanck and Harris knew the factory doors were locked during the fire. Detectives found that the locks were locked while people were working. The defense said that the prosecution failed to prove that the owners knew that. The jury acquitted the two men of first- and second-degree manslaughter. They were found liable of wrongful death during a civil suit in 1913. In this suit, plaintiffs were given $75 per person that died in the fire. An insurance company paid Blanck and Harris about $60,000 more than the reported losses. This was about $400 per dead person. In 1913, Blanck was once again arrested for locking the door in his factory while people were working. He was fined $20. This was the smallest amount of money the fine could be. Because of the lax labor laws at the time, this tragedy led to the rise of factory workers safety protections and the formation of workers Unions such as the International Ladies Garment Union.


Thunder and Lightning (movie)

Thunder and Lightning is a 1977 American action comedy movie directed by Corey Allen and starring Kate Jackson, David Carradine, Sterling Holloway, Patrick Cranshaw, Charles Napier, George Murdock, Ron Feinberg. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Spy Who Loved Me (movie)

The Spy Who Loved Me is a 1977 British spy action movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and is the 10th movie in the "James Bond" franchise. It stars Roger Moore, Barbara Bach, Curd Jürgens, Bernard Lee, Geoffrey Keen, Caroline Munro, Richard Kiel, Lois Maxwell, Desmond Llewelyn, Shane Rimmer and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1978.


Fun with Dick and Jane (1977 movie)

Fun with Dick and June is a 1977 American comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Jane Fonda, George Segal, Ed McMahon, Richard Gautier, Allan Miller, Fred Willard, Anne Ramsey, Thayer David, Sean Frye. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was remade in 2005.


Clémentine Valverde

Clémentine Valverde (born September 23, 1992 in Longjumeau) is a French water polo player. She was selected for the France team in 2010. She participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade.

Clémentine Valverde was twice winner of the Coupe de France with the ASPTT Nancy water polo. She then joined the Olympic Nice Natation where she won the Championship.


Géraldine Mahieu

Géraldine Mahieu (born 15 September 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Aurore Sacré

Aurore Sacré (born on April 13, 1993 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player.

She competed with the French women's national water polo team at the 2014 European Women's Water Polo Championship, the 2015 Women's World Water Polo Championship, and the 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, and 2017 Women's World Water Polo Championship.

She plays at the Angers Nautic Club.


Lea Bachelier

Lea Bachelier (born 13 February 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


University of Greenland

University of Greenland is in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland.

Estelle Millot

Estelle Millot (born 21 December 1993) is a French water polo player. She participated at the 2011 Summer Universiade, 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Water Polo Championship, 2015 Summer Universiade, and 2017 World Water Polo Championship.

She plays in the French pro A championship and in the National team.
She is a trainer at Olympique Nice Natation.

John Miller (pitcher)

John Ernest Miller (May 30, 1941 – June 5, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played in all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles between 1962 through 1967. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Miller died on June 5, 2020 at the age of 79.

Marian Tomaszewski

Marian Bronisław Tomaszewski (13 August 1922 – 5 June 2020) was a Polish scout leader. He was an officer of the 2nd Polish Corps and a tank commander in the 6th Armoured Regiment "Children of Lwów" during World War II.

After the war he spent nearly 45 years in exile in Italy and the United Kingdom. He was one of the leaders of the Polish community in Manchester.

Tomaszewski died on 5 June 2020 in Bury, England at the age of 97.

Reche Caldwell

Donald Reche Caldwell Jr. ( or ; March 28, 1979 – June 6, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was born in Tampa, Florida.

Caldwell was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons in the 2000s. Caldwell played college football for the Florida Gators. He played professionally for the San Diego Chargers, New England Patriots and Washington Redskins of the NFL. 

Caldwell was shot and killed during a robbery in Tampa on June 6, 2020 at the age of 41.

Ken Riley

Kenneth Jerome Riley (August 6, 1947 – June 7, 2020) was a professional American football cornerback. He was born in Bartow, Florida. Riley played his entire career for the Cincinnati Bengals, in the American Football League in 1969 and in the NFL from 1970 through 1983. In college, he played for the Florida A&M Rattlers for Florida A&M University.

Riley died on June 7, 2020 of a heart attack at the age of 72.

Albert S. Ruddy

Albert S. Ruddy (born March 28, 1930) is a Canadian-born American movie and television producer. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. In 1972, he produced "The Godfather" and won his first of two Oscars for Best Picture. In 1974, Ruddy produced "The Longest Yard". Ruddy produced director and animator Ralph Bakshi's satirical movie "Coonskin" (1975).

Kennett, Missouri

Kennett is a city in, and the county seat of, Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The city is located east of Arkansas and from the Mississippi River. It has a population of 10,515 according to the 2020 Census.

Keegan de Lancie

John Keegan de Lancie (born October 31, 1984) is an American actor and the son of John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman. He is best known for his role as Q (or Q Junior) in "", where he played the son of Q, portrayed by his father John de Lancie in the episode "Q2." 

He also appeared in several other popular television shows such as "Ally McBeal" and "The Drew Carey Show". Keegan has one brother named Owen de Lancie (born 1987).

Keegan went to Amman, Jordan, on a Fulbright scholarship to study Iraqi refugees. He previously worked for the International Organization for Migration and helped Iraqi Christians move to Iraq's Kurdish regions to avoid violence against them. He currently serves as a member of the U.S. Foreign Service.

Damnation Alley

Damnation Alley is a 1977 American science fiction movie directed by Jack Smight and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Roger Zelazny. It stars Jan-Michael Vincent, George Peppard, Dominique Sanda, Paul Winfield, Jackie Earle Haley, Murray Hamilton and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Julia (1977 movie)

Julia is a 1977 American drama movie directed by Fred Zinnemann and based on the 1973 novel "Pentimento" by Lillian Hellman. It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Jason Robards, Jane Fonda, Hal Holbrook, Rosemary Murphy, Maximilian Schell, Meryl Streep, Lisa Pelikan and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 11 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1978.


Iphigenia (movie)

Iphigenia is a 1977 Greek drama movie directed by Michael Cacoyannis and starring Irene Papas, Tatiana Papamoschou, Kostas Kazakos, Costas Carras. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1978.


Unfaithfully Yours (1984 movie)

Unfaithfully Yours is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Zieff and is based on the remake of the 1948 movie of the same name. It stars Dudley Moore, Nastassja Kinski, Albert Brooks, Armand Assante, Cassie Yates, Jan Triska and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Warning Sign (movie)

Warning Sign is a 1985 American science fiction horror movie directed by Hal Barwood and starring Sam Waterston, Kathleen Quinlan, Yaphet Kotto, Jeffrey DeMunn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A View to a Kill

A View to a Kill is a 1985 British American spy action movie directed by John Glen and is the 14th movie in the "James Bond" franchise. It stars Roger Moore, Christopher Walken, Grace Jones, Tanya Roberts, Patrick Macnee, David Yip, Willoughby Gray, Alison Doody, Robert Brown, Lois Maxwell, Geoffrey Keen, Desmond Llewelyn, Dolph Lundgren and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The British pop band Duran Duran sing the title song of the movie.


Netherlands Institute for Art History

The Netherlands Institute for Art History, also known as RKD, is a large institution in The Hague in The Netherlands. It is devoted to the study of art history and has a very large library. The initials RKD stand for "Rijksbureau voor Kunsthistorische Documentatie", the older Dutch name of the institute.

The Netherlands Institute for Art History opened in 1932. Three men made the biggest contribution to the Institute's collection. The first man was Cornelis Hofstede de Groot (1863–1930). He was a collector, art historian and museum curator. In his will, he left the RKD his large collection of documents. These included about 100,000 photos of Dutch paintings and drawings from the 17th century. The second man was Frits Lugt (1884-1970). He was also a collector and art historian. He gave the institute over 100,000 reproductions of paintings, 22,000 auction catalogues and thousands of books. The third man was E.A. van Beresteyn (1876-1948), an archivist and historian. He gave the institute a lot of material on Dutch portrait painting.

The institute has a very large library of 450,000 books and around 3,000 magazines. Much of their material is digitized—very high quality pictures of book and magazine pages which are available on the internet. Many paintings and drawings are also digitized and available on the internet. The institute's website has many pages about artists with information on their life and work. Each artist has their own RKD number. The website also has a thesaurus of words used to describe art and architecture.

Vivaan Shah

Vivaan Shah (born 11 January 1990) is an Indian film actor, who made his film debut with "Saat Khoon Maaf" (2011) as Arun Kumar. Thereafter, he signed a three-film deal with director Vishal Bhardwaj. In 2014, he was given a role in Farah Khan's film "Happy New Year".

Shah is the younger son of actors Naseeruddin Shah and Ratna Pathak. He is the nephew of Lt. Gen. Zameer Uddin Shah, the former vice-chancellor of the prestigious Aligarh Muslim University. He is the brother of Imaad Shah and his paternal half sister is Heeba Shah.

Shah graduated from The Doon School in 2009.

!Year
!Title
!Role
!Notes

Crab Rave

Crab Rave is a song by Irish DJ and music producer Noisestorm. Canadian record label Monstercat released it on 1 April 2018.

"Crab Rave" was released as a small April Fool's Day joke, although it soon became popular after becoming an Internet meme due to the music video's uplifting theme and dancing crabs. In an interview with Suzana Palyan of Billboard, O'Broin expressed his appreciation for its growing popularity, writing "It's incredibly cool to see people enjoying it for the humour and video, as well as for the music itself. I really didn't anticipate the wave of new listeners and the plethora of memes based on the original; it's very fun to see the new creative variations being made every day." The music video was developed by O'Broin using the program Unreal Engine.

Lou Louise Counil

Lou Louise Counil (born 7 November 1985) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Lilian Hedges

Lilian Hedges (born 3 January 1994 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 FINA World League Intercontinental Cup, and 2019 FINA World League Intercontinental Cup.

She played for University of Western Australia.


Madeleine Steere

Madeleine Steere (born 15 September 1996) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Michigan's women's water polo team.


Lena Mihailovic

Lena Mihailovic (born 10 August 1996 in Belgrade) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team.


Jessica Zimmerman

Jessica Zimmerman (born 21 February 1995) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 Summer Universiade, and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Monica Canetti

Monica Canetti is a female water polo player from Italy.

She participated in the 1989 Women's European Water Polo Championship and 1991 Women's European Water Polo Championship, winning a bronze medal.

Amy Ridge

Amy Ridge (born 15 August 1996 in Sydney) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA World Cup, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

She played for University of New South Wales's water polo team, and University of Michigan's women's water polo team.


Ioanna Charalampidi

Ioanna Charalampidi (born 19 May 1995) is a water polo player of Greece. She was part of the Greek team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Stefania Charalampidi

Stefania Charalampidi (born 19 May 1995) is a water polo player of Greece. She was part of the Greek team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Stewart Kohl

Stewart Kohl (born c. 1955) is an American businessman. He is the co-chief executive officer (CEO) of The Riverside Company, a global private equity firm with $14+ billion in assets under management.

Stewart Kohl was born and raised in Leonia, New Jersey. His father Bertram Kohl was a manufacturer’s representative and his mother, Judith Kohl, was a legal secretary who later became chief of staff for a state senator. Kohl studied economics and government at Oberlin College, graduating in 1977. At Oberlin College, he was the President of the Oberlin Student Cooperative Association.

Kohl is the co-chief executive officer and managing partner of The Riverside Company, a private equity investment firm based in Cleveland, Ohio and New York, New York. Kohl joined The Riverside Company as Co-CEO with Co-CEO Béla Szigethy in 1993. Prior to joining The Riverside Company, Kohl was a vice president at Citicorp Venture Capital, the private equity arm of Citibank. Before joining Citicorp Venture Capital, Kohl was chief operating officer for National Cooperative Business Association in Washington, D.C.

Kohl was inducted into the Ohio Foundation of Independent Colleges Hall of Excellence in 2009. Kohl and Szigethy won Mergers & Acquisitions’ M&A Mid-Market Award for Dealmakers of the Year in 2013. He was inducted into the Northeast Ohio Business Hall of Fame in 2014. Kohl earned the Harvard Business School Club of Northeastern Ohio George S. Dively Entrepreneurship Award in 2018.

Kohl has served on Cleveland Clinic's Board of Directors since 2013, currently serving on the Philanthropy Committee as Vice Chair. Kohl is an Honorary Trustee of Oberlin College and Co-Chair of the Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland.

Kohl is a founder of VeloSano, an annual charity cycling event that has raised more than $21 million for research at the Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute since 2014.


Snoot boot

A snoot boot is a protective covering for the nose. Snoot boots are used to keep the nose warm. They originated at the University of Illinois in 1961. They were knitted by students in Busey Hall. For a while, they became popular at American universities.

Hurricane Genevieve (2014)

Hurricane Genevieve, also known as Typhoon Genevieve, was a strong and long-lived tropical cyclone that became the fourth-strongest tropical cyclone of the 2014 Pacific typhoon season. It was also the first tropical cyclone to exist in all the three North Pacific tropical cyclone basins since Dora in 1999. Genevieve formed from a tropical wave well to the south-east of Hawaii on July 25, but weakened quickly into a remnant low due to high wind shear on July 28. The system briefly reformed in July to the south of Hawaii before dissipating once again on July 31. 

Several days later, on August 2, Genevieve regenerated. Owing to better conditions for intensification, Genevieve began to rapidly intensify, reaching hurricane strength on August 6 and major hurricane strength on August 7 shortly before crossing the International Date Line into the Western Pacific basin, where Genevieve was reclassified as a typhoon by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA).

After reaching peak intensity as a Category 5 typhoon on August 7 and 8 to the west-southwest, Genevieve began to weaken as conditions worsened. The storm rapidly weakened to severe tropical storm strength on August 10. On August 12, the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression, and Genevieve dissipated on August 14.

The National Hurricane Center (NHC) began to track a tropical wave associated with a few showers and thunderstorms, moving westward off the coast of northern Central America on July 17. Four days later, thunderstorm activity became stronger; by July 22, the area of low pressure became better organized. On July 23, the NHC noted that the system could become a tropical depression within the next two days; however, they also noted that wind shear could increase within a couple of days. After an ASCAT pass and an increase in convection, the NHC upgraded the storm to Tropical Storm Genevieve on July 25. A few hours later, the system attained its initial peak strength of 45 mph (75 km/h).
Shortly afterwards, increased wind shear took its toll on the system, causing Genevieve to lose its organization as it continued westward, under the influence of a subtropical ridge and the Intertropical Convergence Zone. After the low-level circulation center was exposed and became separated from the deep convection, the NHC downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression on July 26. Although deep convection increased near the center early on the next day, Genevieve continued to fight westerly shear when crossing 140°W, moving into the waters monitored by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). Due to the lack of deep convection, the CPHC indicated that Genevieve had become a post-tropical remnant low early on July 28, as only a low-level cloud swirl remained. However, the CPHC noted the possibility of re-development since shear was forecast to decrease.

Roughly 36 hours later, the remnants of Genevieve regenerated into a tropical depression to the southeast of the main Hawaiian Islands. The system briefly became better organized on July 30, prompting the CPHC to forecast the storm would re-intensify into a tropical storm. However, by the end of the day, the low-level circulation center had become displaced to the east of the deep convection due to increased southeasterly shear and infiltration of dry air. By 21:00 UTC July 31, the CPHC reported that Genevieve had once again weakened into a remnant low, as only an isolated area of deep convection remained west of the center.

The remnants of Genevieve continued to travel in a generally westward direction, moving into an environment more conducive for tropical development, and on the afternoon of August 2, Genevieve regenerated into a tropical depression, as the storm reacquired deep convection and its outflow improved. By 21:00 UTC the same day, Genevieve reacquired tropical storm intensity, continuing to travel westward around the subtropical ridge to its north, but only six hours later, the CPHC downgraded Genevieve into a tropical depression. Deep convection near the center increased and decreased several times, but Genevieve failed to re-intensify. After moving south-southwest, Genevieve turned west-northwest on August 4 as it continued to track around the ridge to its north.

Despite moderate wind shear, convection soon wrapped around the southeastern side of the low-level circulation. By 21:00 UTC on August 5, the CPHC upgraded the system to a tropical storm, despite continued wind shear. Wind shear quickly decreased, triggering a period of rapid intensification. By the afternoon of August 6, Genevieve intensified to a low-end Category 1 hurricane; the system also developed a central dense overcast and well-organized banding around the newly-developed eye. Passing over very warm ocean temperatures, Genevieve rapidly intensified accelerated that evening. Based on advanced Dvorak technique estimates of as well as the presence of a very well-defined eye surrounded by very cold cloud tops, the CPHC upgraded the hurricane into Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale early on the next day.
Genevieve crossed the International Date Line at 06:00 UTC on August 7, entering the area of responsibility of the RSMC Tokyo operated by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA). The JMA recognized Genevieve as a typhoon with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 115 mph (185 km/h). The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also upgraded Genevieve to a super typhoon. Only six hours later, the JTWC reported that Genevieve had reached Category 5 status with one-minute sustained winds at 160 mph (260 km/h), with a microwave imagery revealing a diameter eyewall with a convective band over the south quadrant. As Genevieve continued to remain in a favorable environment with radial outflow and low vertical wind shear, the JMA indicated that the typhoon about 760 mi (1220 km) east-southeast of Wake Island had reached its peak intensity late on August 7, with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 125 mph (205 km/h).

During the morning of August 8, Genevieve started to track northward along the western edge of a subtropical ridge to the east and northeast.That noon, more fragmented deep convective banding revealed that Genevieve had begun a weakening trend. As the result, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a typhoon late on the same day, as convection surrounding the system warmed. Early on August 9, Genevieve accelerated north-northeastward, and it began to encounter increasing vertical wind shear of 35 mph (55 km/h) with subsidence along the western side and weakening outflow into the TUTT cell. The eye of the typhoon became cloud-filled, while the deepest convection around the core was also became warmer. The system began to track north-northwestward in the afternoon, when the cold dense overcast has decreased in size and become less symmetric.
Genevieve reformed a eye with more symmetric and organized convection for short time early on August 10, but the eye disappeared very soon as the system elongated further. Upper-level analysis indicated a complex environment— an anticyclone located to the southeast, a TUTT cell to the west, and a second anticyclone to the north. The TUTT cell and the first anticyclone caused strong upper-level southwestern flow and moderate vertical wind shear over the system, but the issues were offset by the quick speed of the typhoon. Tracking northwestward, Genevieve crossed 30°N at noon and began to encounter cold sea surface temperatures less than 79 °F (26 °C) which do not support tropical cyclones. At the same time, a trough expanded the region of subsidence, isolating the core from the tropical moisture along the equatorward periphery. Later, deep convection along the tightly-wrapped low-level circulation center of the typhoon diminished fast as dry air surrounded the system.

Late on August 10, the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a severe tropical storm about 670 mi (1,080 km) west-northwest of Midway Atoll, and the JTWC downgraded it to a tropical storm early on the next day. Dry air, cool ocean temperatures, and weakening link to tropical moisture caused deep convection to nearly completely dissipate. This process was hastened by the disintegration of the TUTT cell which had helped to increase equatorward outflow. Under the combination of many unfavorable
environmental factors, Genevieve weakened to a tropical storm at noon according to the JMA as it started to move west-northwestward and slowed down. As convection had largely dissipated, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression and stopped warnings late on the same day.

After the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression at 06:00 UTC on August 12, the system drifted westward and then northwestward very slowly until it accelerated northeastward late on August 13. The JMA reported that Genevieve had dissipated as a tropical depression before noon on August 14; however, the Ocean Prediction Center indicated that the remnants of Genevieve crossed the International Date Line and entered the Central North Pacific Ocean again late on the same day. They were eventually absorbed by another extratropical cyclone before noon on August 15.



NeXT

NeXT Inc. was an American computer and software company. It was created after Steve Jobs quit his job at Apple Inc.. It was a failure but it did get him back at Apple and as CEO. The Mac OS x's core was based entirely on the NeXT computer. Apple bought NeXT for $429 million. 

Steve Jobs used $12 million of his own money to make NeXT and it did pay off because he got his job back.

Rockhole frog

The rockhole frog, Australian cross-banded tree frog or skipping frog ("Litoria meiriana") is a small frog from Australia. It lives in Western Australia and the Northern Territory.

Male adult frogs are about 2 cm long and females are 2.2 cm long. They have webbed hind feet but their front feet are not webbed. Some are dark brown with dark green spots and some are less clear. Some have spots on their thighs. Some have white spots near their eyes.

They live near permanent bodies of water and do not like puddles or vernal pools that dry up. They live in holes in rocks and sometimes in caves or near waterfalls. They are so light that they can skip on the surface of the water like a skipping stone.

They lay eggs in pools near the bottoms of tall rocks, 30–40 eggs at a time.

Lauren Nixon

Lauren Nixon (born 22 January 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Cape Town's women's water polo team since she was 15 years old. In 2016 she won the Best Sporting First Year at University of Cape Town's annual sports awards. 

Nicola Barrett

Nicola Barrett (born 18 February 1993) was a South African water polo player and the Current South African National Ladies coach (2023). She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team for 12 years, competing in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, as well as many junior tournaments.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team.

While competing in the USA, Nicola received the Presidents award for excellence in academics, service and athletics, the “Make a Difference” award for her leadership as the WAC SAAC President, and was a 2 Time MPSF Honourable Mention. 

She was also a NCAA Woman of the Year Nominee in 2017, being 1 of the 4 water polo players in the US nominated along with Maggie Steffens. 

Zandre Smit

Zandre Smit Mimica (born 2 October 1998) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships she is also a renowned netball player who was crucial in South Africa’s first ever silver medal in international fast 5 netball competition held in New Zealand in 2022.


Amy Keevy

Amy Keevy (born 13 July 1992) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2016 Summer Olympics qualifications and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She coached for Rangers Water Polo Club.


Castilian languages

The Castillian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in central Spain, and then spread to nearly all of Spain. The main language in the branch is Spanish, which has around 480 million speakers around the world. Since the colonial era, Spanish has been spoken in Latin America.

Iberian Romance languages

The Iberian Romance, or Ibero-Romance, languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in Iberia. There are two branches of Iberian Romance languages, Occitano-Romance and West Iberian. The main two languages in the branch are Spanish (Castilian) and Portuguese. They came from a dialect of Vulgar Latin spoken in Iberia after the Roman Empire ended. Spanish and Portuguese spread to Latin America during the colonial era.

Carly Joy Wessels

Carly Joy Wessels (born 13 October 1994) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

Shelley Kristy Faulmann

Shelley Kristy Faulmann (born 22 April 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Amber Penney

Amber Penney (born 5 August 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Fresno Pacific University's women's water polo team.


West Iberian languages

The West Iberian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in central and western parts of Iberia. Spanish and Portuguese are the main languages in the branch. They have been spread to Latin America since the colonial era. There are five branches of West Iberian languages. They are Castilian, Galician-Portuguese, Astur-Leonese, Barranquian, and Pyrenean–Mozarabic. Until recently, all speakers of West Iberian languages could understand each other, but now the branches are too different.

Marcelle Manson

Marcelle Manson (born 25 October 1984) is a South African water polo player and field hockey player.

She competed for the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the 2014 Women's Hockey World Cup.

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Latino-Faliscan languages

The Latino-Faliscan languages are a large branch of Italic languages. They were first spoken in what is now Italy. It is the only branch with languages still spoken. The only branch of Latino-Faliscan languages with languages still spoken is the Romance languages, which came from Latin. Latin was spread across Europe by the Roman Empire, and Latin then split into many branches over time. There were also at least three other Latino-Faliscan languages that are now extinct.

Amica Hallendorff

Amica Hallendorff (born 26 October 1992) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Megan Schooling

Megan Schooling (born 1 May 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Kieren Paley

Kieren Paley (born 3 October 1990) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Rebecca Thomas

Rebecca Thomas (born 17 September 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Marist College's women's water polo team.


Bernadette Doyle

Bernadette Doyle (born 29 December 2000) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at St Cuthbert's College, Auckland. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Ana Alice Amaral

Ana Alice Amaral is a Brazilian water polo player. She participated at the 2017 Water Polo World Championships and 2019 World Women’s Junior Water Polo Champtionship.

She is native of São Paulo. She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.


Glencora McGhie

Glencora McGhie (born 8 August 1988) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2016 FINA Women's Intercontinental Tournament.


Michele Relton

Michele Relton (born 1 September 1991 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a Canadian water polo player. She played for the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2009 FINA Junior Water Polo World Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.

Galician-Portuguese

Galician-Portuguese is a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in Northwestern Iberia and spread to the south. They are now spoken in all of Portugal and Northwestern Spain. The main two languages are Galician and Portuguese. All Galician-Portuguese languages were once all the same language, but have since split. Portuguese was spread to Brazil during the colonial era and it is also now spoken there.

Sophie Baron La Salle

Sophie Baron La Salle (born 22 September 1990) is a Canadian water polo player. She played for the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Bonnie Pointer

Patricia Eva "Bonnie" Pointer (July 11, 1950 – June 8, 2020) was an American singer. She is most notable for being a member of the R&B singing group The Pointer Sisters. She also had her own solo hits after leaving the group in 1977. Her disco cover of The Elgins' "Heaven Must Have Sent You" became a U.S. Top 20 pop hit in 1979. She was born in Oakland, California.

On June 8, 2020, Pointer died due to cardiac arrest in Los Angeles. She was 69.

Curt Stone

Curtis Charles Stone (November 19, 1922 July 30, 2021) was an American long-distance runner. He competed in the 5000 m event at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Olympics. His best Olympic result was sixth place in 1948. He was born in Brooklyn, Pennsylvania.

Stone died on July 30, 2021, at The KentRidge Senior Living in Kent, Ohio, at the age of 98.


Nicola Colterjohn

Nicola Colterjohn (born 23 April 1992) is a Canadian water polo player. She was a member of the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 Summer Universiade.

She played for McMaster University's women's water polo team.


Ianeta Hutchinson

Ianeta Hutchinson is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She was a student of Mount Albert Grammar School and Arizona State University. She played for Arizona State's women's water polo team. She was a coach at Marist College.

Michael Gandolfini

Michael Gandolfini (born May 10, 1999) is an American actor. He has appeared in the television series "The Deuce" and the movie "Ocean's 8". He starred as Tony Soprano in the movie "The Many Saints of Newark" (2021). His late father, actor James Gandolfini (1961–2013), also played Soprano in the HBO series "The Sopranos".

Brooklyn, Pennsylvania

Brooklyn is an unincorporated community in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 167 northwest of Hop Bottom. Brooklyn has a post office with ZIP code 18813, which opened on March 20, 1830.

Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania

Susquehanna County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,434. Its county seat is Montrose. The county was created on February 21, 1810, from part of Luzerne County.

Montrose, Pennsylvania

Montrose (pronounced mon-TROSE) is a borough in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States, north by west of Scranton. The land is elevated about 1,400 feet (427 m) above sea level. It is the Susquehanna County seat.

Hop Bottom, Pennsylvania

Hop Bottom is a borough of Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 311 as of the 2020 census.

Jean-Michel Cadiot

Jean-Michel Cadiot (23 December 1952 – 1 June 2020) was a French writer and journalist.

In the 2007 French legislative election, Cadiot ran for Deputy under the UDF-MoDem ticket in Val-d'Oise's 8th constituency. He only had 3.32% of the votes in the first round. 

In 2008, he ran in the Canton of Sarcelles-Nord-Est, earning 3.48% of the vote.

Cadiot died on 1 June 2020 at the age of 67.

Milena Benini

Milena Benini (November 24 1966 – 4 June 2020) was a Croatian science fiction writer and translator. She won the SFERA Award six times (1999, 2006, 2010, 2012, 2016, 2017). She was born Zagreb. She wrote short stories and romantic stories. 

Benini died on 4 June 2020 from an illness.

Frank Bey

Frank Bey (born Frank Bass, January 17, 1946 – June 7, 2020) was an American blues singer. He changed his last name from Bass to Bey at age 27. He joined the Moorish Science Temple of America. He was born in Millen, Georgia.

By 1996, Bey returned to singing in the Philadelphia area.  In 1998, Bey's debut album, "Steppin' Out", was released on MAG Records. He released "Blues in the Pocket" in 2007 on Jeffhouse Records. 

Bey died on June 7, 2020, after a long illness in Glenolden, Pennsylvania at the age of 74.

Millen, Georgia

Millen is a city in, and the county seat of, rural Jenkins County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,966 at the 2020 census.

Jenkins County, Georgia

Jenkins County is a county located in the southeastern area of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,674 The county seat is Millen. 

Glenolden, Pennsylvania

Glenolden is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 7,223 at the 2020 census.

Tony Dunne

Anthony Peter Dunne (24 July 1941 – 8 June 2020) was an Irish footballer and manager. He appeared at left-back for Manchester United. He won 33 caps for the Republic of Ireland, playing for the national team during 1962 to 1975. He was the Irish Footballer of the Year in 1969. He was born in Dublin.

Dunne died on 8 June 2020, aged 78.

Estonian alphabet

The Estonian alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet with German influence. Because of German influence, Estonian contains the letters Ä, Ö and Ü. The Estonian alphabet originally has only 23 letters. However, including letters that are used in words borrowed from other languages, it may have 27 letters or 32 letters. They are the same as in English, with the addition of four letters - Õ, Ä, Ö and Ü. These four letters are placed after W and before X in the Estonian alphabet. The letters Š and Ž also exist in Estonian, but they are only used in words borrowed from other languages. The letter Š is placed after S in the Estonian alphabet, and Z is placed after Š in Estonian. The letter Ž is placed after Z. All together the order is as follows:

A B (C) D E "F" G H I J K L M N O P (Q) R S "Š" "Z" "Ž" T U V (W) Õ Ä Ö Ü (X) (Y)

F, Š, Z and Ž are only used in words borrowed from other languages. C, Q, W, X and Y are not used in Estonian, and only occur in names from other languages.

The original Estonian alphabet consists of 23 letters in the order as it follows:

A B D E G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V Õ Ä Ö Ü

Including the letters only in loanwords, the Estonian alphabet consists of 27 letters in the order as it follows:

A B D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S Š Z Ž T U V Õ Ä Ö Ü

Including letters not part of the alphabet and from the local alphabet, the Estonian alphabet consists of 32 letters in the order as it follows:

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S Š Z Ž T U V W Õ Ä Ö Ü X Y 

Manuel Felguérez

Manuel Felguérez Barra (December 12, 1928 – June 8, 2020) was a Mexican abstract artist. He was part of the Generación de la Ruptura which broke with the muralist movement of Diego Rivera and others in the mid 20th century.

In 1947, he had the chance to travel to Europe and, impressed with the art there, decided to dedicate himself to the vocation. His works were in abstract art, something that was not accepted in Mexico at the time. 

His exhibitions were only seen in a few galleries and "sculpted murals".

Felguérez died on June 8, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 91.

Marion Hänsel

Marion Hänsel (12 February 1949 – 8 June 2020) was a French-born Belgian movie director, producer, actress and screenwriter. Her best known movie was "Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea". It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.

Hänsel died on 8 June 2020, aged 71.

Italian alphabet

The Italian alphabet is the same as the English alphabet, but without the letters J, K, W, X or Y. These letters, however, still occur in words borrowed from other languages. The letter J does occur in some words in certain accents of the Italian language, but it is no longer included in the Italian alphabet as of the early 20th century. The letter H mostly occurs after letters C or G in Italian. This is because in Italian, the letter C before E or I makes a soft sound, and the letter G before E or I also makes a soft sound. To preserve the hard sound, you must add an H after C or G. The Italian Alphabet is as follows:

A B C D E F G H I L M N O P Q R S T U V Z

Sedley Joseph

Sedley Joseph (4 December 1939 – 8 June 2020) was a Trinidad and Tobago footballer. His career lasted from 1965 to 1967. He played for the national team. He also played for Maple.

Joseph died on 8 June 2020 of kidney disease in Chaguanas at the age of 80.

Arjun Charan Sethi

Arjun Charan Sethi () (18 September 1941 – June 8 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. 

In 1971, he was elected to the Lok Sabha from Bhadrak constituency in Odisha as an Indian National Congress candidate. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1980. He was re-elected in 1991, 1998, 1999, 2004 and 2009. He was the Union Minister of water resources in Atal Bihari Vajpayee led government from 2000 to 2004. 

Sethi died on June 8, 2020 in a hospital in Bhubaneswar, India at the age of 78.

Bedroom Mazurka

Bedroom Mazurka is a 1970 Danish comedy movie directed by John Hildard and starring Ole Søloft, Axel Strøbye, Birte Tove.

Shim Wan-koo

Shim Wan-koo (Korean: 심완구; Hanja: 沈完求; RR: "Sim Wan-gu"; 1 July 1938 – 8 June 2020) was a South Korean politician. He was the first elected Mayor of Ulsan from 1997 to 2002. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1985 to 1992.

Shim died on 8 June 2020 in Seoul, aged 81.

Brazos River

The Brazos River ( ), called the "Río de los Brazos de Dios" (translated as "The River of the Arms of God") by early Spanish explorers, is the 11th-longest river in the United States at . Its source is at the head of Blackwater Draw, Curry County, New Mexico to its mouth at the Gulf of Mexico with a drainage basin. 

It is one of Texas' largest rivers.

Land and Sons

Land and Sons () is a 1980 Icelandic drama movie directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson and starring Sigurður Sigurjónsson, Jón Sigurbjörnsson, Jónas Tryggvason.

Victor Argo

Victor Argo (November 5, 1934 − April 7, 2004) was an American actor of Puerto Rican descent. He played tough bad guys in his movies. His career went on for over 40 years.

Argo began his career as a stage actor. He performed in an off-Broadway stage play in the 1960s. He then met Yoko Ono. With her, he did a so-called "Happening" movement.

Argo's movies include "Taxi Driver", "The Last Temptation of Christ", "Bad Lieutenant" and "True Romance". He also played in television shows, including "Wonder Woman", "Law & Order" and "Miami Vice".

Argo was born in The Bronx, New York City. He died from complications of lung cancer at age 69.


British Go Association

The British Go Association (BGA) promotes and supports the game of Go in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1953. It holds tournaments and publishes the "British Go Journal". They are a national member of the European Go Federation.

BGA is sending players to international tournaments such as the World Amateur Go Championship and the European Go Championship. BGA is also working to make Go more popular among the youth. British students have been sent to the World Youth Go Championship in 2010 and 2011.


Donald P. Bellisario

Donald Paul Bellisario (born August 8, 1935) is an American television producer and screenwriter. He is known for creating and sometimes writing episodes for the TV series "Magnum, P.I." (1980–1988), "Tales of the Gold Monkey" (1982–1983), "Airwolf" (1984–1987), "Quantum Leap" (1989–1993), "JAG" (1995–2005) and "NCIS" (since 2003).

Bellisario was born in Cokeburg, Pennsylvania. He is of Italian and Serbian ancestry. He has been married four times and has seven children.

Stand By Me (movie)

Stand By Me is a 1986 American adventure drama movie directed by Rob Reiner and based on the 1982 novella "The Body" by Stephen King. It stars River Phoenix, Wil Wheaton, Richard Dreyfuss, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, John Cusack, Bruce Kirby and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.

Red Princesses

Red Princesses () is a 2013 Costa Rican Venezuelan drama movie directed by Laura Astorga and starring Fernando Bolaños, María José Callejas, Valeria Conejo.

Of Love and Other Demons (movie)

Of Love and Other Demons () is a 2009 Costa Rican Colombian drama movie directed by Hilda Hidalgo and based on the novel of the same name by Gabriel García Márquez. It stars Pablo Derqui, Eliza Triana, Jordi Dauder, Damián Alcázar.

There Are No Thieves in This Village

There Are No Thieves in This Village () is a 1965 Mexican drama movie directed by Alberto Isaac and based on the story by Gabriel García Márquez. It stars Julián Pastor, Rocío Sagaón, Graciela Enríquez, Luis Buñuel, Alfonso Arau, Héctor Ortega.

Dry Summer

Dry Summer (also known as "Reflections"; ) is a 1964 Turkish drama movie directed by Metin Erksan and starring Erol Taş, Hülya Koçyiğit, Zeki Tüney, Hakki Haktan, Ercan Yazgan.

Vagrich Bakhchanyan

Vagrich Akopovich Bakhchanyan (; ; ; born May 23, 1938 in Kharkiv, Soviet Ukraine - November 12, 2009, New York City, United States) was a Soviet and American painter, nonconformist artist and writer-conceptualist of Armenian origin.

He was born to an Armenian family in Kharkiv, Ukraine, where he studied and began painting. In the mid-1960s he moved to Moscow, where he worked at "Literaturnaya Gazeta".

In 1974 Bakhchanyan emigrated to United States, and lived in New York City, where he was active in the literary and art scene. There he collaborated with Russian and Soviet writers Sergei Dovlatov, Alexander Genis, and Naum Sagalovsky, among others. He died on November 12, 2009 in New York City.

According to Vagrich's last will, his ashes were scattered high in the Geghama mountains in Armenia.


Paul Schneider

Paul Andrew Schneider (born March 16, 1976) is an American actor. He played Mark Brendanawicz on the first two seasons of the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" from 2009 to 2010. He was born in Oakland, California and raised in Asheville, North Carolina.

Jim O'Heir

James O'Heir (born February 4, 1962) is an American actor and Emmy Award winner who is best known for co-starring as Jerry Gergich on the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" from 2009 to 2015.

He is known for his roles in the movies: "Smothered by Mothers" (2019) and "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" (2012).

Retta

Marietta Sangai Sirleaf (born April 12, 1970), professionally known as Retta, is an American stand-up comedian and actress. She is best known for her roles as Donna Meagle on the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" and Ruby Hill on NBC's comedy-drama "Good Girls".


Down the Ancient Staircase

Down the Ancient Staircase () is a 1975 Italian French drama movie directed by Mauro Bolognini and stars Marcello Mastroianni, Barbara Bouchet, Marthe Keller, Pierre Blaise, Françoise Fabian, Silvano Tranquilli. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Katherine Curnow

Katherine Curnow (born 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. She was educated at the University of Auckland.


Emmerson Houghton

Emmerson Houghton (born 7 August 1999) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2016 FINA World Women's Youth Water Polo Championships, 2017 Vodafone Cup, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Liana Dance

Liana Dance (born 18 April 1998) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. and 2016 FINA World Women's Youth Water Polo Championships.


Caitlin Lopes Da Silva

Caitlin Lopes Da Silva (born 20 January 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 Summer Universiade.

She was born in Johannesburg, South Africa to parents from New Zealand. She was educated at Rangitoto College. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Epicardium

Epicardium (heart muscle) is one of the three main layers of the heart wall. It is the outermost layer of the heart, composed of connective tissue and fat. The connective tissue secretes a small amount of lubricating fluid into the pericardial cavity. 

In addition to the connective tissue and fat, the epicardium is lined by, on its outer surface, simple epithelial cells.

Bengal famine of 1943

The Bengal famine of 1943 was a famine in the Bengal province of British India during World War II. Between 2.1 and 3 million people died in the famine. They died mainly of starvation, malaria, and not having the right health care. 

Historians usually say that the famine was caused by policies by the British government at the time. Food prices rose because of war-related buying and became too expensive for poor people. 
The region of Bengal in India suffered a devastating famine from 1940 to 1943. Some of the key reasons for this famine are:


The British government denied an urgent request from Leopold Amery, the Indian secretary of state, and Archibald Wavell, the Viceroy of India, to stop exports of food from Bengal in order that it might be used for famine relief. Winston Churchill, then prime minister, dismissed these requests in a fashion that Amery regarded as "Hitler-like," by asking why, if the famine was so horrible, Gandhi had not yet died of starvation.

The famine caused men to sell their farms and find work somewhere else. Families were made homeless and starving. Many had to move to cities like Calcutta to look for help.Some scholars say that small famines happen naturally but that large ones have man-made causes like war.

Green-thighed frog

The green-thighed frog ("Nyctimystes brevipalmatus") is a frog from Australia. It lives near the east coast of Australia near Brisbane.

The green-thighed frog is mostly brown with black stripes from its mouth to its front legs. Its thighs are light blue or green with black spots.

They live near temporary bodies of water that dry up for part of the year.

According to the IUCN Red List, green-thighed frogs are endangered because people cut down the forests and build roads and railroads in the places where they like to live, because of fires and pollution, and because of invasive species.

Green-thighed frogs lay eggs that float together on top of the water. The tadpoles hatch within one day, stay tadpoles for 40 days and most become frogs before they are 100 days old.

Lil Xan

Nicholas Diego Leanos (born September 6, 1996), known by his stage name Lil Xan, is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He was born in Redlands, California.

Lil Xan became popular after he released the song "Betrayed" in 2017. Then in 2018, he released his first album "Total Xanarchy". In January 2020, he released his second album "Sorry I Didn't Quit".

Sarah Pattison

Sarah Pattison is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Balto-Finnic languages

The Balto-Finnic, or often simply Finnic, languages are a branch of Uralic languages. They are spoken in Northeastern Europe around the Baltic Sea, mainly in Finland, Estonia, and Northwestern Russia. The main two languages in the branch are Estonian and Finnish.

Sarah Landry

Sarah Landry (born 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
She graduated from Auckland University of Technology.


Northern Finnic languages

The Northern Finnic languages are a branch of Finnic languages. The main language of the branch is Finnish. It is the official language of Finland and the most spoken language in the country. There are four other languages in the branch: Ingrian, Karelian, Ludic, and Veps.

Ricci Ferigo

Ricci Ferigo (born 2 December 1995) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2014 World Women's Junior Water Polo Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She graduated from Auckland University of Technology. At the club level, she played for Marist Water Polo Club.

In 2022 she began dating Lucas (Luke) Schuler, also from Auckland. They've since relocated to Bondi Beach, Sydney.


Nicole Lewis

Nicole Lewis (born 26 January 1989) is a New Zealand female water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Assem Mussarova

Assem Mussarova (born 13 August 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Alexander Armstrong

Alexander Henry Fenrick Armstrong (born 2 March 1970) is an English actor, television and radio presenter and singer. He is best known for working alongside Ben Miller presenting the half comedy duo of Armstrong and Miller, as hosting of the BBC One television game show "Pointless".

As side from his "Armstrong & Miller" sketch show characters, Armstrong's television credits include a leading role in the ITV1 television series "Life Begins", whilely he also voiced Professor M in the Sky Sports F1 animated cartoon series "Tooned", alien supercomputer Mr Smith of-part of the "Doctor Who" spin-off series in the BBC One television science fiction series "The Sarah Jane Adventures" as well as the main show's two part story "The Stolen Earth" "/" "Journey's End", and the title character in the title character of the CBBC revived series of "Danger Mouse".

Evariste Ndayishimiye

General Évariste Ndayishimiye (born 17 June 1959) is a Burundi politician. He is the President of Burundi since 2020. He became president after the death of President Pierre Nkurunziza. He is also the Secretary General of the CNDD-FDD since 2016.

He was the Minister of the Interior and Public Security from 2006 to 2007.

Anastassiya Mirshina

Anastassiya Mirshina (born 21 March 1996) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Zamira Myrzabekova

Zamira Myrzabekova (born 12 June 1991) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2010 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nemir Kirdar

Nemir A. Kirdar ( – 9 June 2020) was an Iraqi-British-French businessman and financier. He founded Investcorp, and was CEO for over 30 years until he stood down in 2015 to became chairman until his retirement in 2017. He was born in Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.

Kirdar died at his home in Cap D’Antibes, France from dementia-related problems on 9 June 2020, aged 83.

Ödön Földessy

Ödön Földessy (1 July 1929 – 9 June 2020) was a Hungarian athlete. He competed in the long jump. He was born in Békés. He competed for Hungary in the men's long jump event at the 1952 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal.

Földessy died in Budapest on 9 June 2020, aged 90.

Anastassiya Yeremina

Anastassiya Yeremina (born 19 February 2000) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Klaus Berger (theologian)

Klaus Berger (25 November 1940 – 8 June 2020) was a German academic theologian. Berger was Professor of New Testament Theology at the University of Heidelberg. He was born in Hildesheim, Germany. He was known for his study and publications on the New Testament.

Berger died on 8 June 2020 in Heidelberg at the age of 79.

Rosemary Hollis

Rosemary Hollis (1952 – 8 June 2020) was a British political scientist. She was a professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018. Hollis was known for her studies and scholarship on the relations between the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East. 

She was the Research Director at Chatham House (the Royal Institute of International Affairs). She was born in Dudley, West Midlands.

Hollis died on 8 June 2020.

Stefan Vodenicharov

Stefan M. Vodenicharov (1 September 1944 – 8 June 2020) was a Bulgarian educator and politician. He was President of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences from 2012 to 2016. He was the Minister of Education, Youth and Science briefly in 2013.

Vodenicharov died in Sofia on 8 June 2020, aged 75.

Gwen Margolis

Gwen Margolis (October 4, 1934 – June 9, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Margolis was a member of the Florida Senate from 1980 to 1992, 2002 to 2008, and 2010 to 2016. She was Senate President for the 1990 to 1992 term. She was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1974 to 1980.

Margolis died on June 9, 2020 in Miami, Florida of natural causes at the age of 85.

The Slipper and the Rose

The Slipper and the Rose: The Story of Cinderella is a 1976 British romantic musical movie directed by Bryan Forbes and starring Gemma Craven, Richard Chamberlain, Christopher Gable, Kenneth More, Margaret Lockwood, Michael Hordern, Edith Evans, Rosalind Ayers, Sherrie Hewson, Annette Crosbie. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was 2 Academy Awards in 1978.


Oxana Saichuk

Oxana Saichuk (born 9 December 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 Asian Games.

South Semitic languages

The South Semitic languages are a branch of Semitic languages. They are mainly spoken in East Africa and Southern Arabia. Linguists do not agree on where South Semitic languages come from. Some say they came from Ethiopia, while others say Southern Arabia. A recent study found that they probably came from Southern Arabia. There are two branches of South Semitic languages.

Modern South Arabian languages

The Modern South Arabian, or Eastern South Semitic, languages are a branch of Semitic languages. They are spoken by a small number of people in Southern Arabia in the countries of Yemen and Oman, as well as Socotra Island.

Darya Roga

Darya Roga (born 3 July 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA Women's Intercontinental Tournament, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Love and Duty

Love and Duty is a 1931 Chinese drama movie directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu, Jin Yan. It was remade twice in 1938 and 1955.

Soqotri language

Soqotri is a Semitic language. It is spoken on the island Socotra and other nearby islands, all parts of Yemen. Around 70,000 people speak the language.

Anna Turova

Anna Turova (born 31 July 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


The Brood

The Brood is a 1979 Canadian science fiction horror movie directed by David Cronenberg and starring Oliver Reed, Samantha Eggar, Art Hindle, Susan Hogan, Nicholas Campbell, Michael Magee. It was distributed by New World Pictures.


Mehri language

Mehri, or Mahri, is a Semitic language. It is spoken by tribes in Eastern Yemen and Western Oman by around 165,000 people. It has been spoken in the area since before Arabic was brought there.

Shehri language

Shehri, or Jibbali, is a Semitic languages. It is spoken by a small number of people in towns by the coast and in mountains in Oman.


Rhinestone (movie)

Rhinestone is a 1984 American musical comedy movie directed by Bob Clark and starring Sylvester Stallone, Dolly Parton, Richard Farnsworth, Ron Leibman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office failure.


Harsusi language

Harsusi is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 1,000 people in the deserts of South-Central Oman. It is a lot like Mehri.

Hobyót language

Hobyót is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 500 people in Eastern Yemen and Western Oman. Hobyót could go extinct soon.

Bathari language

Bathari is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 100 people in Oman. It could go extinct soon. It is a lot like Mehri.

Joshua Then and Now (movie)

Joshua Then and Now is a 1985 Canadian drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and based on the novel by Mordecai Richler. It stars James Woods, Gabrielle Lazure, Alan Arkin, Michael Sarrazin, Alan Scarfe, Linda Sorenson, Alexander Knox, Robert Joy, Harvey Atkin, Paul Hecht and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Norilsk oil spill

The Norilsk oil spill was an industrial disaster near Norilsk in Russia. It began on 29 May 2020, when a fuel storage tank at Norilsk-Taimyr Energy's Thermal Power Plant No. 3 failed. It flooded local rivers with of diesel oil. Russian President Vladimir Putin called it a state of emergency in early June.

Aizhan Akilbayeva

Aizhan Akilbayeva (born 13 September 1991) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Tomiris Kenenbayeva

Tomiris Kenenbayeva (born 20 July 1998) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Elle Armit

Elle Armit (born 20 August 1991 in Townsville) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She graduated from St Margaret Mary’s College.


Alexandra Zharkimbayeva

Alexandra Zharkimbayeva (née Turova, born 31 July 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo goalkeeper. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.


Wienerschnitzel

Wienerschnitzel is an American fast food chain founded in 1961 (as "Der Wienerschnitzel") that specializes in hot dogs, also known as the World's Largest Hot Dog Chain. Wienerschnitzel locations are found predominantly in California and Texas, though others are located in Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, and Washington. Outside the 50 states, there is a store located in Guam and one in Panama.
The chain is recognizable by the A-frame style roofs of its older restaurants, similar to the original structures used by IHOP, Tastee-Freez, Nickerson Farms, and Whataburger. Structures that have been converted from Wienerschnitzels into other restaurants often retain the distinctive architecture. The chain's advertising mascot is an anthropomorphized chili dog known as The Delicious One, who runs from people who want to eat him.

Wienerschnitzel sponsors the tongue-in-cheek Wiener Nationals, the "de facto" national dachshund racing championship series for the United States.


Emma Wright

Emma Wright (born 16 November 1996) is a Canadian water polo player.

She participated at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 Pan American Games, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She plays for University of California's women's water polo team.

Chili dog

Chili dog is the generic name for a hot dog served in a bun and topped with some sort of meat sauce, such as chili con carne. Often other toppings are also added, such as cheese, onions, and mustard. The style has many regional variations in the United States. Some of these have specific sauce ingredients, types of hot dogs, or types of buns. They are referred to regionally under region-specific names.



Crveni Krst concentration camp

Crveni Krst concentration camp was a concentration camps in Serbia. Prisoners from different parts of Eastern Europe were taken to this concentration camp. Some sources also say that some German Jews were also in the camp as prisoners. However, as it was not such a big concentration camp. there is not a lot of information about it.

Body Double

Body Double is a 1984 American erotic crime thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and starring Craig Wasson, Gregg Henry, Melanie Griffith, Deborah Shelton, Dennis Franz, Barbara Crampton. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and became a cult favorite.


Gaġġa

Gaġġa (Cage) is a 1971 Maltan romantic thriller movie directed by Mario Azzopardi and based on the novel by Frans Sammut. It stars Charles Arrigo, Karmen Azzopardi, Tanya Baldacchino.

Kawasaki disease

Kawasaki disease is a syndrome of unknown cause that results in a fever and mainly affects children under 5 years of age. It is a form of vasculitis, where blood vessels become inflamed throughout the body.

The fever typically lasts for more than five days. While the cause is unknown, it may be due to an infection triggering an autoimmune response.

Boys are more commonly affected than girls. The disorder was first described in 1967 by Tomisaku Kawasaki in Japan.


Paul Chapman (musician)

Paul William "Tonka" Chapman (9 June 1954 – 9 June 2020) was a Welsh rock guitarist. He was best known for his work in bands such as UFO and Lone Star. Chapman was well known by his nickname "Tonka". He was born in Cardiff, Wales.

In July 2006, Chapman joined the American southern rock band Gator Country, a collection of Molly Hatchet veterans.

In 2015, Chapman went out for a 10-week US tour with the Swedish/Canadian band Killer Bee and he also recorded on their album "Eye In The Sky".

Chapman died on his 66th birthday on 9 June 2020.

Simon Henshaw

Simon Henshaw (died June 9, 2020) was an American diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador to Guinea from 2019 until his death. 

From 2011 to 2013, he was Director of the Office of Andean Affairs, and, from 2008 to 2011, he was Deputy Chief of Mission at the United States Embassy in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.

On August 10, 2018, President Trump announced his plans to nominate Henshaw as the next United States Ambassador to Guinea. On August 16, 2018, his nomination was sent the United States Senate. On September 26, 2018, he appeared before the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations. On January 2, 2019, his nomination was confirmed in the Senate.

Henshaw died of a heart attack on June 9, 2020, in Guinea.

Kim Chang-sop

Kim Chang-sop (; 2 January 1946 – 9 June 2020) was a North Korean politician. He was a member of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was born in Unsan County, South Pyongan Province. He was the Vice Minister of the State Security Department from 2015 until his death.

Kim died on 9 June 2020 in Pyongyang at the age of 74.

Anita Linda

Anita Linda (born Alice Buenaflor Lake; November 23, 1924 – June 10, 2020) was a Filipino actress. At the age of 74, she became the oldest actress to ever win a FAMAS Award. She was born in Pasay, Rizal. Her best known roles were in "Weighed But Found Wanting", "Jaguar" and "Temptation Island". She starred in "Sta. Niña" (2012), which earned her positive reviews.

In 2014, she made a comeback on television in the television drama "Sana Bukas pa ang Kahapon" as Lola Patchi.

Linda died on 10 June 2020 in Manila, aged 95.

Mayville, New York

Mayville is a village in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 1,442 at the 2020 census. Mayville is the county seat of Chautauqua County. 

MrBeast

sweat (born May 7, 1998), more commonly known as MrBeast, is an American YouTuber. He is known for his expensive stunts and philanthropy. He is the second most subscribed creator, on youtube, second only to T-Series. He has been seen as the creator of a new genre of YouTube videos that are expensive stunts.

He is also the co-creator of Team Trees, a fundraiser for the Arbor Day Foundation which has raised over $24 million, and Team Seas, a fundraiser for Ocean Conservancy and The Ocean Cleanup.

He was born in Greenville, North Carolina. Donaldson began posting videos to YouTube in early 2012 at the age of 13.Under the name of "MrBeast6000", his early content ranged from Let's Plays to "videos estimating the wealth of other YouTubers".

Some of his philanthropy includes paying for eye surgery for 1000 people, giving large amounts of money to random people on the street, signing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and giving away islands.

MrBeast uploaded his first video on his YouTube Channel in February 2012, at the age of 13, under the name of "MrBeast6000". His early content ranged from Gaming, focused on "Minecraft" and "", videos estimating the wealth of other YouTubers, videos that offered tips to upcoming YouTube creators and commentary on YouTube drama.

MrBeast has an estimated net worth of $500 million USD as per 2023 updates.

[[Category:Philanthropists from North Car
Starman (movie)

Starman is a 1984 American science fiction romance movie directed by John Carpenter and starring Jeff Bridges (in his Oscar nominated role), Karen Allen, Charles Martin Smith, Richard Jaeckel, Robert Phalen. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was spun off into a short-lived television series in 1986.


Lenka von Koerber

Lenka von Koerber (born Helene Irmgard Louise von der Leyen 16 March 1888 West Prussia – July 21, 1958 Leipzig) was a German journalist and writer.

She joined the peace movement, and from 1918 to 1930 the German Democratic Party. She advocated for prison reform. She was a member of Deutscher Schriftstellerverband.


Secret Places (movie)

Secret Places is a 1984 British drama movie directed by Zelda Barron and based on the novel by Janice Elliott. It stars Marie Theres Relin, Tara MacGowran, Claudine Auger, Jenny Agutter, Pippa Hinchley, Rosemary Martin, Margaret Lacey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Angelica Ortiz

Angelica J. Ortiz Irizarry (born January 25, 1988) is a female water polo player from Puerto Rico. She participated at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games, and 2011 Pan American Games.


Richard Osman

Richard Thomas Osman (born 28 November 1970) is an English television presenter, producer, director, and novelist. He was best known for his working role since 2009 to 2022 with the alongside comedian Alexander Armstrong, as during the game show creating and presenting the first series on the BBC One television quiz show "Pointless". Since 2014, and over to the 2015 series, Armstrong also presented the BBC Two quiz shows "Two Tribes", and "Richard Osman's House of Games". When he and Josh Widdecombe was been the captain since 2016, and presented by Sue Perkins, Widdecombe and Osman was been the British starring of the BBC Two comedy panel game show "Insert Name Here", and in 6 February and over to 15 May 2017, he presenting Channel 4's "The Fake News Show".

Paola Medina

Paola Medina Montero (born 1 December 1985) is a female water polo player from Puerto Rico. She participated at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team.


The Sure Thing

The Sure Thing is a 1985 American romantic adventure comedy movie directed by Rob Reiner and starring John Cusack, Daphne Zuniga, Nicollette Sheridan, Viveca Lindfors, Anthony Edwards, Tim Robbins. It was distributed by Embassy Pictures.


Adriana Vinas Joy

Adriana Vinas Joy (born March 1, 1994) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team.

She participated at the 2017 Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 Women's World Volleyball Championship.

She played for Long Island University's women's volleyball team.

Stratopause

The stratopause is the part of the atmosphere between the stratosphere and mesosphere. In the stratosphere the temperature gets higher the higher up you go. The stratopause is where it is warmest. On Earth, the stratopause is about high. The temperature is about .

Ana Sofía Jusino

Ana Sofía Jusino (born January 5, 1994 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2019 Pan-American Games.

She played for University of Arkansas.


Jonathan Dowling

Jonathan P. Dowling (3 April 1955 – 5 June 2020) was an Irish-American researcher. He was a professor in theoretical physics. He was known for his work on quantum technology, mainly focusing in quantum entanglement. He was born in Smithtown, New York.

Dowling was the co-director of the Horace Hearne Institute for Theoretical Physics and a Hearne chair in Theoretical Physics at the Department of Physics and Astronomy, both at Louisiana State University. 

He was a Fellow at the American Association for the Advancement of Science and at the American Physical Society.

Dowling died on 5 June 2020 from a short-illness, aged 65.

Samuel J. Randall

Samuel Jackson Randall (October 10, 1828 – April 13, 1890) was an American politician. He was the 29th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1876 to 1881. He was in the U.S. House representing Pennsylvania's 1st congressional district from 1863 to 1875 and Pennsylvania's 3rd congressional district from 1875 to 1890. 

He was a Democratic candidate for the party's nomination for President in 1880 and 1884. Towards the end of his political career, he started voting for the Republicans in the House.

Randall was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania. Randall died on April 13, 1890 in Washington, D.C. from colon cancer, aged 61.

Alba Hernández

Alba Hernández (born October 3, 1994 in Fajardo) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rican team at the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Rosita Fornés

Rosita Fornés (February 11, 1923 – June 10, 2020) was a Cuban-American singer and actress. She was born in New York City. She was known for her roles in "A Dangerous Adventure" (1939), "Musical Romance" (1941), "The Flesh Commands" (1948), "The Desire" (1948), "Women of the Theatre" (1951) and in "The Unknown Mariachi" (1953).

Fornés died of emphysema on June 10, 2020 at a hospital in Miami, Florida at the age of 97.

Armando Silvestre

Armando Silvestre (born July 6, 1926) is a Mexican-American actor. He appeared in more than 190 movies from 1948 until 2016. He was born in San Diego, California. His best known roles were as Natchez in "Geronimo" (1962), Two Crows in "The Scalphunters" (1968), multiple roles in the television series "Daniel Boone" and "The F.B.I.".

María Victoria

María Victoria Cervantes Cervantes (born 26 February 1933), more commonly known simply as María Victoria, is a Mexican actress, singer, and comedian. She is best known for starring as Inocencia in the Telesistema Mexicano sitcom "La criada bien criada" and its 1972 spin-off movie. She was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Her career began in 1951.

Gloria Mange

Gloria Mange (18 June 1931 – 8 July 2023) was a Mexican movie actress. She was a known actress during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. She was born in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora. Her best known roles were in "Primero soy mexicano" (1950), "What Has That Woman Done to You?" (1951), "If I Were a Congressman" (1952) and in "The Unknown Mariachi" (1953).

Ciudad Obregón

Ciudad Obregón () is the second largest city in the northern Mexican state of Sonora. It is located south of the state's northern border with the U.S. state of Arizona. 

Ciudad Obregón is twinned with:

Rosa de Castilla

María Victoria Ledesma Cuevas (30 May 1931 – 1 August 2022), known by her stage name Rosa de Castilla (), was a Mexican singer and actress. She was known as one of the great folkloric leading ladies of the "golden age" of Mexican cinema. She was born in Encarnación de Díaz, Jalisco. 

Her best known roles were in "Yo... el aventurero" (1959), "Dos corazones y un cielo" (1959), and "Héroe a la fuerza" (1964). Her career began in 1952.

Castilla died on 1 August 2022 at the age of 91.

Neira Ortiz Ruiz

Neira Ortiz Ruiz (born 6 July 1993 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
She played for University of Colorado's women's volleyball team. 


Ed Ames

Ed Ames (born Edmund Dantes Urick; July 9, 1927 – May 21, 2023) was an American pop singer and actor. He was known for playing Mingo in the television series "Daniel Boone" and for his pop hits of the 1960s including "My Cup Runneth Over", "Who Will Answer?" and "When the Snow Is on the Roses". 

He was also part of the popular 1950s singing group with his siblings, The Ames Brothers. He was born in Malden, Massachusetts.

From 1968 until 1987, he also owned a percentage of the Phoenix Suns.

Ames died at his Los Angeles, California home on May 21, 2023, at the age of 95.

Warwick, New York

Warwick is a town in the southwest part of Orange County, New York, United States. Its population was 32,027 at the 2020 census. 

The town has three villages within the town (Florida, Greenwood Lake, and Warwick).

Florida, Orange County, New York

Florida is a village in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 2,888 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Middletown, Orange County, New York

Middletown is a city in Orange County, New York, United States. It lies in New York's Hudson Valley region. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 30,345. The zip code is 10940. Middletown falls within the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Port Jervis, New York

Port Jervis is a city located at the confluence of the Neversink and the Delaware rivers in western Orange County, New York, north of the Delaware Water Gap. Its population was 8,775 at the 2020 census. 

Port Jervis was part of early industrial history, a point for shipping coal to major markets to the southeast by canal and later by railroads. Its residents had long-distance passenger service by railroad until 1970. The restructuring of railroads resulted in a decline in the city's business and economy. 

Matamoras, Pennsylvania

Matamoras is a borough in Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,362 at the 2020 census. 

Montague Township, New Jersey

Montague Township is a township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, in the New York City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 3,792.

Greenville, Orange County, New York

Greenville is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. It is along the southern county and state line. The population was 4,689 at the 2020 census.

Deerpark, New York

Deerpark is a town in the western part of Orange County, New York. As of the 2020 Census, the population was at 7,509. The center of population of New York is located in Cuddebackville, a hamlet in Deerpark.

Middletown, Delaware County, New York

Middletown is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 3,336 at the 2020 census. The town is in the southeast part of the county.

Middletown, New York

Middletown is the name of several places located in the U.S. state of New York:


Florida, Montgomery County, New York

Florida is a town south of the Mohawk River in Montgomery County, New York, United States. The population was 2,667 in the 2020 United States Census. The town was named after the state of Florida. 

Mohawk River

The Mohawk River is a river in the U.S. state of New York. It is the largest tributary of the Hudson River. The Mohawk flows into the Hudson in Cohoes, New York, a few miles north of the city of Albany. 

The river is named for the Mohawk Nation of the Iroquois Confederacy. 

Cohoes, New York

Cohoes ( ) is an incorporated city located in the northeast corner of Albany County in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 18,147. In Algonquian "Cohoes," means 'pine tree'.

Mohawk people

The Mohawk people are the most easterly tribe of the Haudenosaunee, or Iroquois Confederacy. They are an Iroquoian-speaking indigenous people of North America. They had communities in northern New York State and southeastern Canada, mainly around Lake Ontario and the St Lawrence River. They are part of the Northeast Woodlands. 

As one of the five original members of the Iroquois League, the Mohawk are known as the Keepers of the Eastern Door. 

New York, Florida

New York is an unincorporated community in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. The community is north-northwest of Milton.

Navarre, Florida

Navarre is a census-designated place and community in Santa Rosa County in the northwest Florida Panhandle. It has a population of 40,817, .

Mo Cowan

William Maurice “Mo” Cowan (born April 4, 1969) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States Senator from Massachusetts from February 1, 2013 to July 16, 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was legal counsel and chief of staff to Governor Deval Patrick.

Patrick appointed him on as an interim Senator to replace fellow Democrat John Kerry, who resigned to become U.S. Secretary of State.

He did not want to run in the 2013 special election to complete the remainder of Kerry's term. He was replaced by fellow Democrat Ed Markey.

Cowan was the eighth African-American U.S. Senator and the second from Massachusetts after Edward Brooke.

River Alun, Pembrokeshire

River Alun is a small river in Northwest Pembrokeshire, Wales. It flows through the very old city of St Davids.

Yadkinville, North Carolina

Yadkinville is a town in Yadkin County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 2,995 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat and largest city of Yadkin County.

Yadkin County, North Carolina

Yadkin County is in the U.S. state of North Carolina. 37,214 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Yadkinville.

Thomasville, North Carolina

Thomasville is a city in Davidson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 27,183 at the 2020 census.

Davidson County, North Carolina

Davidson County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 168,930 people lived there. Its county seat is Lexington, and its largest city is Thomasville.

Michael Beach

Michael Anthony Beach (born October 30, 1963) is an American actor. He has appeared in movies "Lean on Me" (1989), "One False Move" (1992), "Short Cuts" (1993), "Waiting to Exhale" (1995), "A Family Thing" (1996), and "Soul Food" (1997). 

On television, he starred as Monte Parker in the NBC drama series "Third Watch" from 1999 to 2005.

Rochelle, Georgia

Rochelle is a city in Wilcox County, Georgia, United States. The population was 1,167 at the 2020 census.

Wilcox County, Georgia

Wilcox County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,766. The county seat is Abbeville.

Wilcox County has a total area of 382 square miles.

Abbeville, Georgia

Abbeville is a city in Wilcox County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 2,685. The city is the county seat of Wilcox County.

West Milford, New Jersey

West Milford is a township in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 24,862.

Milford, New Jersey

Milford is a borough located in western Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. At the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,232.

New Milford, New Jersey

New Milford is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 16,923.

Julymar Otero

Julymar Otero (born 31 October 1996, Toa Baja, Puerto Rico) is a female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rican National Team at the 2013 U18 Youth Pan American Cup, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for College of Central Florida, and Towson University.

Sarunyoo Wongkrachang

Sarunyoo Wongkrachang (17 October 1960 – 10 June 2020) was a Thai actor, director, screenwriter, singer, producer, activist and host. He was born in Samut Songkhram Province, Thailand. He was known for starring as Lord Jom Rajasena in "Ong Bak 2" (2008) and "Ong Bak 3" (2010) and as Surachi in "13 Beloved" (2006). He also directed and wrote "Kon Khon" (2011).

Wongkrachang died on 10 June 2020 of liver cancer at a hospital in Bangkok, aged 59.

St Davids Cathedral

St Davids Cathedral is an old cathedral in St Davids, Pembrokeshire, Wales. The current building was built between the 11th and 13th centuries. Saint David is buried there, and he started the first church here in the 6th century.

Ian Taylor (British businessman)

Ian Roper Taylor (7 February 1956 – 8 June 2020) was a British trading businessman. He was chairman and Global CEO of The Vitol Group, the world's largest independent energy trader. He was also the majority shareholder in Harris Tweed Hebrides. He was born in Croydon, London, England.

In 2016 he was reported to have asked for his name to be withdrawn from consideration for a potential knighthood in David Cameron's resignation honours list.

The Sunday Times Rich List 2017 said that Taylor's wealth was at £180m, making him the UK's 623rd richest person.

Taylor died of pneumonia caused by cancer on 8 June 2020 in London, aged 64.

Derek Chauvin

Derek Michael Chauvin (born 19 March 1976) is a former American police officer, known for being found guilty of murdering of George Floyd although autopsy reports discover other underlying factors that may have contributed. Chauvin was convicted of three crimes: unintentional second-degree murder, third-degree murder, and second-degree manslaughter.

Unintentional second-degree murder means he was committing another felony crime, in this case, assault. It means he was not necessarily trying to kill Floyd, but he killed him while assaulting him. Chauvin was also convicted of third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter.

Chauvin was convicted on April 20, 2021. He is currently serving a 22.5 year prison sentence, and the other officers who did not step in to intervene are serving sentences.

While serving his prison sentences at the FCI Tucson prison, Chauvin was stabbed by another inmate at about 12:30 p.m. local time on November 24, 2023. Prison employees performed "life-saving" actions before Chauvin was taken to a hospital.

National Library of the Czech Republic

The National Library of the Czech Republic () is the central library of the Czech Republic. The main part of the library is in the Clementinum building of Prague.

Craig Revel Horwood

Craig Revel Horwood (born 4 January 1965) is an Australian-British professional ballroom dancer, choreographer, conductor, singer, author, theatre director and television personality in the United Kingdom. He is a patron of the "Royal Osteoporois Society." 

He is best known as a judge on the popular BBC dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing", and he is the only judge to have appeared in every episode so far.

Horwood is also often seen performing Ballroom and Latin routines on Strictly Come Dancing including, in 2019 during a performance themed on the Hello, Dolly!.

Mood Ring (song)

"Mood Ring" is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was included as a bonus track on the Japanese version of Spears’ 2016 album, "Glory". Spears later re-released the standard version of the album in 2020 with a new cover and included "Mood Ring" on this version, released on May 22, 2020. It is listed as "Mood Ring (By Demand)" on the tracklist.

The song was written by DJ Mustard, Te Whiti Warbrick, Jon Asher, Melanie Fontana, Lewis Hughes, and Nicholas Audino, while DJ Mustard produced the song.

Periodical

Periodical is a type of publication that is produced regularly. It is anything that comes out with regular issues and are published in series. A daily newspaper, a weekly news magazine, a monthly journal, and an annual book series are all examples of periodicals. Some periodicals are published in ways that make them more valuable to scholars. Periodical literature is a category of serial publications that appear in a new edition on a regular schedule.

Ickabog

The Ickabog is a fairy tale by British author J. K. Rowling. The story will be published in parts by Rowling online, before its official publication in November 2020. "The Ickabog" is Rowling's first children's book since "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" was published in 2007.

Ray Kurzweil

Raymond "Ray" Kurzweil (born February 12, 1948 in Queens, New York City) is an American author, entrepreneur, inventor, and futurist.

Kurzweil wrote seven books (five of them were national bestsellers) about topics like health, artificial intelligence (AI), transhumanism, immortality, the technological singularity, and futurism. He speaks to people and gives speeches at conferences like DEMO, SXSW, and TED. He also maintains the news website KurzweilAI.net. It has more than three million readers per year. He has a sibling, a son, Ethan Kurzweil, and a daughter, Amy Kurzweil.

Kurzweil works at Google since 2012. He is a "director of engineering".

Kurzweil made 147 predictions about the future since the 1990s. He has a prediction accuracy rate of 86%.
Predictions from 1990: A computer will defeat a world chess champion by 1998. This prediction was wrong because it already happened in 1997. Personal Computers (PCs) will can answer queries by accessing information wirelessly via the Internet by 2010. That became true. Exoskeletal limbs will let the disabled walk by the early 2000s. That became true.

Predictions from 1999: People will can talk to their computer to give them commands by 2009. That became true. Computer displays will be built into eyeglasses for augmented reality by 2009. That became true.

Predictions from 2005: Virtual solutions will be able to do real-time language translation into text that will appear as subtitles to a user wearing the glasses in the 2010s. That became true.






Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (politician)

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman is a Bangladeshi politician. He is a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party . He was elected a member of parliament from Bagerhat-1 in February 1996.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was elected to parliament from Bagerhat-1 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He was defeated from Bagerhat-1 constituency on 12 June 1996 and 2001 on the nomination of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician. He was elected a member of parliament from Khulna-1 in February 1996.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was elected to parliament from Khulna-1 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He was defeated from Khulna-1 constituency on 12 June 1996 on the nomination of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.

Valeria León

Valeria León (born 21 November 1995) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team and played for Leonas de Ponce in 2018. She was part of the Puerto Rican National Team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for Ohio State University's women's volleyball.


Edith Mukuvilani

Edith Mukuvilani (born 20 July 1994) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2010 Women's World Volleyball Championship, 2018 Women's World Volleyball Championship, and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. She won the gold medal at the 2019 African Games.


Emmaculate Chemtai

Emmaculate Chemtai (born 14 October 1993) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2018 World Championship and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. 

She was chosen to represent Kenya at the 2020 Summer Olympics.


Miami Medical

Miami Medical is a medical drama television series that aired on CBS from April 2 to July 2, 2010 that follows the professional and private lives of a team of trauma surgeons. In May 2010, CBS cancelled the series after one season.

115th United States Congress

The 115th United States Congress was the 115th legislative cycle of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. It lasted from January 3, 2017, as a result of the 2016 elections, till January 3, 2019, when the 116th Congress began. In this cycle, both the House and Senate were controlled by Republicans.

The President of the Senate was Joe Biden (a Democrat).

The Senate President Pro Tem was Orrin Hatch (a Republican).
The Majority Leader was Republican Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.

The Minority Leader was Democrat Charles Schumer of New York.

The Majority Whip was Republican John Cornyn of Texas.

The Minority Whip was Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois.

The Speaker of the House was Paul Ryan (a Republican).

The Majority Leader was Republican Kevin McCarthy of California.

The Minority Leader was Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California.

The Majority Whip was Republican Steve Scalise of Louisiana.

The Minority Whip was Democrat Steny Hoyer of Maryland.

There were 51 Republicans and 47 Democrats, as well as 2 Independents who sided with Democrats.

There were 235 Republicans and just 193 Democrats, plus 7 empty seats.

Lorine Chebet Kaei

Lorine Chebet Kaei (born 8 October 1999) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship. and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. 


Kristina Karapetan

Kristina Karapetan (born 3 August 1992 in Chara, Kalarsky District) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for Irtysh Kazchrome in 2018.


Zhanna Syroeshkina

Zhanna Syroeshkina (born 4 June 1999 in Ekibastuz) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for VC Almaty in 2018.


Kristina Belova

Kristina Belova (born 29 November 1998 in Pavlodar) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She is a member of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team. She was part of the team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, and 2018 VTV International Women's Volleyball Cup.

She played for Irtysh Kazchrome in 2018.


Javelin frog

The javelin frog, pygmy rocket frog or cairns tree frog ("Litoria microbelos") is a small frog from northern Australia. It lives in northern and central Queensland and in Kimberly.

The frogs are less than 2 cm long, some of the smallest in Australia. They are light brown with dark brown stripes.

They lay eggs in areas that are temporarily flooded and not in permanent bodies of water like ponds. Adults hide in the grass or under rocks or logs.

Weighed But Found Wanting

Weighed But Found Wanting (Filipino: Tinimbang Ka Ngunit Kulang; also known as Human Imperfections) is a 1974 Filipino drama movie directed by Lino Brocka and starring Anita Linda, Christopher de Leon, Mario O'Hara, Lolita Rodriguez, Eddie Garcia, Hilda Koronel, Lilia Dizon.


Hardcore (movie)

Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C. Scott, Peter Boyle, Season Hubley, Dick Sargent, Gary Graham, Leslie Ackerman. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Audrey Wasilewski

Audrey Wasilewski (born June 26, 1967) is an American actress and voice artist. She is known as the current voice of E.T.


International Star Registry

The International Star Registry (ISR) is an organization which sells the right to unofficially name stars. It was founded in 1979 by John and Phyllis Mosele. It has published nine large volumes of the copyrighted book titled "Your Place in the Cosmos".

Source:

One Crazy Summer

One Crazy Summer is a 1986 American romantic comedy movie directed by Savage Steve Holland and starring John Cusack, Demi Moore, Bobcat Goldthwait, Curtis Armstrong, Joel Murray, William Hickey, Jeremy Piven, Taylor Negron. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Hannah and Her Sisters

Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1986 American comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Michael Caine, Mia Farrow, Carrie Fisher, Barbara Hershey, Lloyd Nolan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Daniel Stern, Max von Sydow, Dianne Wiest. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1987.


Hugo Boss Prize

The Hugo Boss Prize is an award conveyed to an artist or group of artists to recognize their works. It recognizes artists from any medium and from any parts of of the world.

It was established in 1996 and different from other art awards like the Turner Prize) because it has no restrictions on nationality or age. The prize is curated by the Guggenheim Museum and sponsored by the Hugo Boss clothing company. It comes with a trophy and a cash award of US$100,000.


Thor Steinar

Thor Steinar is a German clothing company. It trades as Thor Steinar Mediatex GmbH which is a subsidiary of International Brands General Trading based in Dubai. 

In Germany, it is considered that the company is closely associated to neo-Nazism by the "Verfassungschutz" of the state of Brandenburg. In German media, the brand is oftenly discussed in the light of this association. Wearing Thor Steinar clothes is expressly forbidden in the Bundestag, in the Landtage of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Saxony and in many football stadiums.


BioShock 2

BioShock 2 is the sequel to the first-person shooter game "BioShock". The game has some new features, but overall "BioShock 2" is very similar to the first game. It takes place 8 years after "BioShock". In "BioShock 2", the player plays as a Big Daddy, a major enemy from the first game, called Subject Delta. Subject Delta is an early version of the Big Daddy, the Alpha Series.

The game begins in 1958, two years before the events of "BioShock." At this time, Rapture has not yet fallen into disorder. Subject Delta is responsible for protecting one specific Little Sister (little girls whose job is to collect ADAM, a liquid that gives people powers) named Eleanor. Eleanor is attacked by Splicers (humans that are addicted to ADAM), but Subject Delta kills the Splicers and tries to rescue Eleanor. However, it turned out that her mother, Sofia Lamb, hired the Splicers to take back Eleanor. She then hypnotizes Subject Delta to kill himself.

Ten years, later, eight years after the events of "BioShock", Subject Delta mysteriously comes back to life. Since both Andrew Ryan and Frank Fontaine are both dead, Sofia Lamb took over Rapture. Instead of being a society based on objectivism, a philosophy that believes people should only do things based their own self-interest, Rapture is now a collectivist society, or a society where people can only do things that help others. Sofia Lamb does experiments to figure out how to turn her now-teenage daughter, Eleanor, and everyone else in Rapture into the perfect humans. This is so that Rapture can become the perfect society, since Sofia believed a perfect society was not possible unless its people were also perfect. Subject Delta wants to rescue Eleanor before Sofia finishes her experiments.

Along the way, Subject Delta gets the help of a businessman named Augustus Sinclair to help find Eleanor.

While the gameplay is very similar to that of "BioShock", some new features were added to the sequel. First, the player can use both plasmids (powers gotten from ADAM) and weapons at the same time. In addition, the player has a new weapon called the Hack Tool. This allows the player to hack machines from faraway by shooting Hack Darts at it. Instead of playing a Pipe Dream-like minigame every time the player hacks a machine, the player plays a timing-based minigame that happens as the game is still happening. The player can also use the Hack Tool to drop Mini-turrets. Instead of the wrench, the player's main melee weapon is the Drill. The Drill has a powerful drilling attack that can drain an enemy's health very quickly, but this attack will stop if the player runs out of Drill Fuel. The Drill also has a weaker melee attack that does not use Drill Fuel. 

Also, if the player chooses to adopt the Little Sisters rather than harvest them, then the player will need to get ADAM by protecting the Little Sisters when they get ADAM from dead Splicers. However, the player can take the time to get resources and set up traps because the player can choose the time when the Little Sister gets ADAM. After the player rescues all the little sisters in a level, the player will then fight a Big Sister, a Little Sister who grew into an adult. Big Sisters are difficult to kill because they have a lot of health, they can kill the player quickly, and they can use plasmids to fight the player. However, the player will get a lot of ADAM if they kill the Big Sister.

Lance Acord

Lancelot J. "Lance" Acord (born September 9, 1964) A.S.C. is an American cinematographer.

Acord was born in Fresno County, California. He attended Sir Francis Drake High School's School Within A School (S.W.A.S.) program and went on to study photography and filmmaking at the San Francisco Art Institute. He began his professional career with Bruce Weber and together, they made documentaries, commercials and music videos.

His latest directorial work is "".


Valentino (1977 movie)

Valentino is a 1977 American British biographical drama movie directed by Ken Russell and starring Rudolf Nureyev, Leslie Caron, Seymour Cassel, Carol Kane, Michelle Phillips, Penelope Milford. It was distributed by United Artists.


Tomorrow Never Comes

Tomorrow Never Comes is a 1978 Canadian British crime drama movie directed by Peter Collinson and starring Oliver Reed, Raymond Burr, Susan George, Paul Koslo, John Ireland, Stephen McHattie, Donald Pleasence.

The Boys in Company C

The Boys in Company C is a 1978 American Hong Kong Vietnam War drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Stan Shaw, Andrew Stevens, Craig Wasson, Michael Lembeck, Scott Hylands, R. Lee Eremy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Betsy

The Betsy is a 1978 American drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Laurence Olivier, Tommy Lee Jones, Robert Duvall, Katharine Ross, Jane Alexander, Lesley-Anne Down and was distributed by United Artists.

Claudia Winkleman

Claudia Anne Irena Winkleman (born 15 January 1972) is an English television presenter, film critic, radio personality, and journalist. Between 2004 and 2010, she presented "" on weeknights on BBC Two. Since 2010, she has co-presented "Strictly Come Dancing"s main results show on Sunday nights with Tess Daly on BBC One and since 2014 she has been co-host with Daly on the Saturday night live shows, following the departure of Sir Bruce Forsyth. She has twice been nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Entertainment Performance for her work on "Strictly Come Dancing." 

Winkleman was also the presenter of the BBC's "Film...", replacing Jonathan Ross after his move to ITV in 2010.

PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds

PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) is a multiplayer battle royale game published by Tencent Games in corporation with Blue Hole company.

The game was released in 2017 and became free-to-play on all platforms in 2022. 

https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2021/12/10/battlegrounds-for-all-pubg-to-become-free-to-play-game/#:~:text=Here's%20some%20surprise%20news!%20Last,gunplay%20and%20non%2Dstop%20action.
Notes

Armed and Dangerous (1986 movie)

Armed and Dangerous is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Mark L. Lester and starring John Candy, Eugene Levy, Meg Ryan, Kenneth McMillan, Brion James, Larry Hankin, Tito Puente. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and box office reviews were poor.


Casey's Shadow

Casey's Shadow is a 1978 American family drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and based on the short story by John McPhee. It stars Walter Matthau, Alexis Smith, Murray Hamilton, Robert Webber, Andrew Rubin and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Midnight Express

Midnight Express is a 1978 American British biographical drama movie directed by Alan Parker and based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Billy Hayes. It stars Brad Davis, Irene Miracle, Bo Hopkins, Paolo Bonacelli, Paul L. Smith, Randy Quaid, John Hurt and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1979.

Goya Awards

The Goya Awards () are Spain's main national annual movie awards.

The awards were created in 1987, a year after the founding of the Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences. The first awards ceremony took place on March 16, 1987 in Madrid. 

The ceremony continues to take place annually at Centro de Congresos Príncipe Felipe, around the end of January/start of February, and awards are given to movies created during the year before.

Prime Minister of Gabon

This is a list of prime ministers of Gabon since the formation of the post of Prime Minister in 1960, to the present day.

A total of twelve people have been Prime Minister.

Political parties

Other factions


Eyes of Laura Mars

Eyes of Laura Mars is a 1978 American mystery thriller movie directed by Irvin Kershner and starring Faye Dunaway, Tommy Lee Jones, Brad Dourif, Raul Julia, René Auberjonois. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Paulin Obame-Nguema

Paulin Obame-Nguema (28 December 1934 – 11 December 2023) was a Gabonese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Gabon from 2 November 1994 to 23 January 1999. He was a Deputy in the National Assembly of Gabon.

Obame-Nguema died on 11 December 2023 at the age of 88.

Jean-François Ntoutoume Emane

Jean-François Ntoutoume Emane (born 6 October 1939) is a Gabonese politician. He was Prime Minister of Gabon from 23 January 1999 to 20 January 2006. He was Mayor of Libreville, the capital, from 2008 to 2014.

Julien Nkoghe Bekale

Julien Nkoghe Bekale (born 9 January 1962) is a Gabonese politician. He was the 11th Prime Minister of Gabon. In the aftermath of the 2019 Gabonese coup d'état attempt, he was made prime minister by President Ali Bongo Ondimba on 12 January 2019.

The Unknown Mariachi

The Unknown Mariachi () is a 1953 Mexican comedy movie directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and starring Germán Valdés, Rosa de Castilla, Gloria Mange, Rosita Fornés, Marcelo Chávez, Tito Novaro, Lupe Carriles.

Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet

Franck Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet (2 April 1961 – 11 June 2020) was a Gabonese Democratic politician. He was the 10th Prime Minister of Gabon from 2016 until 2019. In the aftermath of the failed coup d'état attempt, President Ali Bongo Ondimba replaced him with Julien Nkoghe Bekale.

From 2012 to 2016, he was the Minister for Foreign Affairs. He was born in Makokou, Gabon.

Issoze-Ngondet died from asthma on 11 June 2020 in the Gabonese capital of Libreville, aged 59.

Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue

Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue (born December 30, 1933) is a Gabonese politician. He was born in Franceville, Gabon. He was the Foreign Minister of Gabon from 1974 to 1976. He was later he was elected as Secretary-General of the Agency of Cultural and Technical Cooperation (ACCT) on December 16–17, 1985.

Paul Malékou

Paul Malékou (born November 17, 1938) was the Foreign Minister of Gabon for a short time in 1968. He was born in Fougamou, Gabon. Malékou was Director-General of ASECNA from 1975 to 1983.

Jean Engone

Jean Engone (born 1932) is a Gabonese politician. He was the Foreign Affairs Minister of Gabon for 1965 to 1967, during the Léon M'ba presidency. He was born in the capital city of Libreville.

Flame Top

Flame Top () is a 1980 Finnish drama movie directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and Pekka Lehto. It stars Rea Mauranen, Asko Sarkola, Esko Salminen, Matti Oravisto, Kari Franck.

Ain Kaalep

Ain Kaalep (4 June 1926 – 9 June 2020) was an Estonian poet, playwright, literary critic and translator. 

He was born in Tartu, Estonia. Kaalep was a member of the Congress of Estonia. From 1989 to 2001, Kaalep was the editor-in-chief of the journal "Akadeemia". In 2002, he was briefly a professor of Liberal Arts at the University of Tartu.

Kaalep died on 9 June 2020 in Tartu from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 94.



Stan London

Stanley London (c. 1925 – June 8, 2020) was an American doctor. He worked with St. Louis Cardinal players from 1956 until his death. He was born in Springfield, Illinois. He became the team's senior medical adviser in October 1997. London was also team physician for the St. Louis Hawks for 11 seasons.

London died on June 8, 2020 under hospice care in Ladue, Missouri at the age of 94.

Mr. Wrestling II

John "Johnny" Francis Walker (September 10, 1934 – June 10, 2020) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Mr. Wrestling II. He was best known for his appearances with Championship Wrestling from Florida and Georgia Championship Wrestling in the 1970s and early 1980s. He was born in Charleston, South Carolina and was raised in Atlanta, Georgia.

Walker died on June 10, 2020 in Mililani, Hawaii at the age of 85.

Mililani, Hawaii

Mililani is a city located near the center of the island of Oahu in Honolulu County, Hawaiʻi, United States. 

It is made up of two census-designated places, Mililani Town, with a population of 28,121 at the 2020 census, and Mililani Mauka, with a 2020 census population of 21,075.

Mr. Wrestling

George Burrell Woodin (July 28, 1934 – November 30, 2002) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Mr. Wrestling and Tim Woods. He was born in Utica, New York.

Woodin began his wrestling career at the age of 28 using the name "Tim Woods". He was then given the name "Mr. Wrestling" by Nebraska promotor Joe Dusek. Mr. Wrestling became a major superstar in the Georgia, Florida, Texas and Mid-Atlantic territories. He wrestled in the World Wide Wrestling Federation in the northeast.

On November 30, 2002, Woodin died from a heart attack at his home in Charlotte, North Carolina at the age of 68.

Steve Corino

Steven Eugene Corino (born May 29, 1973) is a Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler. He is signed with WWE as a trainer and producer for their developmental territory NXT. 

He is best known for his time in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and Ring of Honor (ROH) under the ring name Steve Corino. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Ares (wrestler)

Marco Jaggi (born January 12, 1980) is a Swiss professional wrestler and wrestling trainer. He is known by his ring name Ares (or Are$). He was born in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland.

For much of his career, Jaggi teamed with Claudio Castagnoli and Marc Roudin as part of Swiss Money Holding. They were one of the top tag teams in Europe during the 2000s, the trio won titles in Germany, France, the United Kingdom and their native Switzerland.

Under the Freebird Rule, Jaggi held the IPW:UK Tag Team Championship with Castagnoli and Roudin for a record 12 months.

In 2008, he married wrestler Allison Danger. They have one daughter.

Jonah and the Pink Whale

Jonah and the Pink Whale is a 1995 Bolivian Mexican comedy movie directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia and based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci. It stars Dino García, María Renée Prudencio, Julieta Egurrola.

Allison Danger

Cathy Allison Corino (born March 31, 1977) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager. She is better known by her ring name, Allison Danger. She was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Her brother is also a professional wrestler, Mr. Wrestling III. Danger joined Ring of Honor (ROH) as the manager of the Christopher Street Connection.

Danger is heavily involved with the running of Chicago-based female independent circuit independent professional wrestling promotion Shimmer Women Athletes.

In 2008, she married wrestler Ares. They have one daughter.

Jas Waters

Jas Waters (October 21, 1980 – June 9, 2020), also known as Jas Fly, was an American screenwriter and journalist. She was known for writing 18 episodes of the TV series "This Is Us". She also wrote for "The Breaks" and "Hood Adjacent with James Davis". 

Waters was a journalist in the hip hop industry, writing a digital column for "Vibe Vixen" in the early 2010s. 

Waters was born in Evanston, Illinois. She studied at Columbia College Chicago. She hung herself on June 9, 2020 in Los Angeles County, California at the age of 39. 

Sexual Dependency

Sexual Dependency (original Spanish title Dependencia sexual) is a 2003 Bolivian American drama movie directed by Rodrigo Bellott and starring Alexandra Aponte, Roberto Urbina, Jorge Antonino Saavedra, Matthew Guida.

Harry Glickman

Harry Glickman (May 13, 1924 – June 10, 2020) was an American journalist, promoter, and sports executive. He was one of the founders of the Portland Trail Blazers, and the team's president from 1987 to 1994. He was born in Portland, Oregon. He was also a sports editor for "The Oregonian".

On June 10, 2020, Glickman died in Portland at the age of 96.

Wang Dingguo

Wang Dingguo (; 4 February 1912 – 9 June 2020) was a Chinese Red Army veteran and politician. She was the wife of Xie Juezai, president of the Supreme People's Court. She was a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1978 to 1993. She was a member of the Communist Party of China. Wang was born in Yingshan County, Sichuan.

Wang died on 9 June 2020 in Beijing from an illness, aged 108.


Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference

The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC, ), also known as the People's PCC (, ) or simply the PCC (), is a political organization in the People's Republic of China. The organisation is made up of delegates from eight legally-allowed political parties and other organisations, as well as independent members. 

The CPPCC is controlled by the United Front Work Department.

Claudell Washington

Claudell Washington (August 31, 1954 – June 10, 2020) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball. He was born in Los Angeles and raised in Atlanta. He won the World Series in 1974.

Washington played for the Oakland Athletics (1974–76), Texas Rangers (1977–78), Chicago White Sox (1978–80), New York Mets (1980), Atlanta Braves (1981–86), New York Yankees (1987–88, 1990) and California Angels (1989–90). 

Washington died on June 10, 2020 from prostate cancer in San Francisco at the age of 65.


Basil Meeking

John Basil Meeking (19 November 1929 – 11 June 2020) was a New Zealand bishop. He was the 7th bishop of Christchurch, New Zealand from 1987 to 1995. Meeking was born in Ashburton, New Zealand.

He was made Bishop of Christchurch by Pope John Paul II on 30 March 1987 and resigned on 15 December 1995. 

Meeking died in Christchurch on 11 June 2020, aged 90.

Katsuhisa Hattori

His style was classical, although he also had works which were New Age, Jazz, etc. He was the son of Ryoichi Hattori and father of Takayuki Hattori.

He was a producer and music supervisor for many years, and had his own publishing company, Hattori Music Publishing. He was also pianist, judge and a chairman for the Tokyo music festivals.

Hattori died on June 11, 2020 in Tokyo from heart failure, aged 83.


Blackout Tuesday

Blackout Tuesday was a collection of action to protest racism and police brutality. The action, originally organized within the music industry in response to the murders of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, and Breonna Taylor, took place on Tuesday, June 2, 2020. 

Businesses taking part were asked to stop the releasing music and other business operations. Some outlets produced blacked out, silent or minimal programming for 8 minutes and 46 seconds, the length of time police officer Derek Chauvin stepped on Floyd's neck, killing him.

Eight minutes 46 seconds

8 minutes 46 seconds (8:46) is a symbol of police brutality. It comes from the murder of George Floyd on May 25, 2020, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. Derek Chauvin, a police officer, put his knee on Floyd's neck. This stop Floyd from being able to breathe. The time that Chauvin spent kneeling was reported for weeks as 8 minutes 46 seconds. It was later reported as 7 minutes 46 seconds. Body camera footage released in August 2020 showed that the actual time was 9 minutes 29 seconds. In the days after his murder, the duration became a focus of commemorations and debates, especially around Blackout Tuesday.

The duration has been specifically referenced in "die-in" protests in Minneapolis, New York, Boston, Detroit, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Portland, Chicago, Denver, and other cities, where protesters lay down for eight minutes and 46 seconds to protest police brutality and the racialized killings by law enforcement officers in the United States. It has also been used in numerous commemorations, vigils and gatherings to recognize Floyd and protest his murder, including at his memorial.

In the days after his death, and the protests that followed, that specific time span has become the focus of debates, especially around Blackout Tuesday.

The time has been specifically referenced in "die-in" protests in Minneapolis, New York, Chicago Boston, Philadelphia, Portland, Denver and other cities, where protesters lay down for 8 minutes and 46 seconds to protest police brutality.

Shooting of Breonna Taylor

On March 13, 2020, Breonna Taylor, a 26-year-old African-American emergency medical technician, was shot and killed by Louisville Metro Police Department (LMPD) officers. 

That day, three police officers came to her apartment. The officers wore everyday clothing, they were not in uniform. As they had a search warrant for drugs, there was no way of refusing them entry. Taylor's boyfriend Kenneth Walker and the officers shot at each other. When Walker was questioned, he said he believed that the officers were intruders. The LMPD officers fired over twenty shots. Taylor was shot eight times and LMPD sergeant Mattingly was injured by gunfire. 

Another police officer and an LMPD lieutenant were on the scene when the warrant was executed. No drugs were found in the apartment.

According to a lawsuit filed against the police by the Taylor family's lawyers, the officers entered the home without knocking or announcing that they were police officers.

Elisabeth-Anne de Massy

Baroness Elizabeth-Ann de Massy Noghès (13 January 1947 – 10 June 2020) was a Monegasque aristocrat. She was the daughter of Princess Antoinette of Monaco and Alexandre-Athenase Noghès. 

She is a first cousin of the reigning Prince Albert II and niece of Rainier III. She is the godmother of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco. 

Although Elisabeth-Anne was born out of wedlock, her parents married in 1951, thus allowing her to be in the line to the throne. She lost her place in the line of succession to the Monegasque throne upon the death of Rainier III.

She was President of the Monegasque Tennis Federation and of the Monte Carlo Country Club.

On 10 June 2020, Elizabeth-Ann de Massy died at the age of 73.

Princess Antoinette, Baroness of Massy

Princess Antoinette of Monaco, Baroness of Massy (Antoinette Louise Alberte Suzanne Grimaldi; 28 December 1920 – 18 March 2011), was a member of the princely family of Monaco. She was the elder sister of Prince Rainier III and aunt of Albert II, Prince of Monaco. 

Her parents were Count Pierre de Polignac and Princess Charlotte, Duchess of Valentinois.

On 18 March 2011 Princess Antoinette died at The Princess Grace Hospital Centre, aged 90.

Michel Lévêque

Michel Lévêque (born 19 July 1933) is a French diplomat and politician. From 1997 to 2000 he was Minister of State of Monaco. 

He was the French ambassador to Libya (1985-1989), Morocco (1991-1993), Brazil (1993-1994) and Algeria (1995-1997).

Minister of State (Monaco)

The Minister of State is the head of government of Monaco, being appointed by the Prince or Princess of Monaco. 

During their term of office, the holder is responsible for directing the work of the Monegasque government and is in charge of foreign relations.

Paul Dijoud

Paul Dijoud (born 25 June 1938) is a Monegasque politician. He was the 18th Minister of State of Monaco from 1994 to 1997. 

Dijoud was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine. He was French ambassador to Colombia (1988–1991), Mexico (1992–1994) and Argentina (1997–2003). 

Patrick Leclercq

Patrick André Leclercq (born 2 August 1938) is a Monegasque politician. He was the Minister of State of Monaco. He was chosen by Rainier III, Prince of Monaco in December 1999 to replace Michel Lévêque.

He was an Ambassador to France, Spain, Egypt (Jordan), Montreal (Canada), as well as in the Foreign Ministry.

He retired in May 2005.

Abdelmadjid Tebboune

Abdelmadjid Tebboune (; born 17 November 1945) is an Algerian politician. He is the 8th President of Algeria. He became president in December 2019. He took over the power from former President Abdelaziz Bouteflika and former Acting Head of State Abdelkader Bensalah. 

He was Prime Minister of Algeria from May 2017 to August 2017. He was also Minister of Housing from 2001 to 2002 for a year and again from 2012 to 2017 for 5 years.

Liamine Zéroual

Liamine Zéroual ( ALA-LC: "al-Yamīn Zarwāl"; Berber: Lyamin Ẓerwal; born 3 July 1941) is an Algerian politician. He was the sixth President of Algeria from 31 January 1994 to 27 April 1999.

Brian Connolly

Brian Francis Connolly (5 October 1945 – 10 February 1997) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, musician and actor. He is best known as a member of the British glam rock band The Sweet from 1968 to 1979. As the band's lead singer, he performed hit singles such as "Little Willy" (1972), "Wig-Wam Bam" (1972), "Block Buster!" (1973), "The Ballroom Blitz" (1973), "Fox on the Run" (1975) and "Love Is Like Oxygen" (1978).

Connolly was born in Govanhill, Glasgow. His stepbrother was actor Mark McManus. He also had a son, Brian (born 1995).

Connolly was an alcoholic. On 10 February 1997, he died due to kidney failure, liver failure and repeated heart attacks in Slough, Berkshire, England. He was 51.

Abdelaziz Djerad

Abdelaziz Djerad (; born 12 February 1954) is an Algerian politician. He was the 18th Prime Minister of Algeria from 28 December 2019 until 30 June 2021.

Rosa Maria Sardà

Rosa Maria Sardà i Tàmaro (30 July 1941 – 11 June 2020) was a Spanish actress, political activist and comedian. She was born in Barcelona. Her best known roles were as Asun in "Alegre ma non troppo" (1994), Maruja in "Carol's Journey" (2002), Sofia in "My Mother Likes Women" (2002) and as Roser in "Ocho apellidos catalanes" (2015). She won two Goya Awards in 1994 and 2002.

In 2014, Sardà was diagnosed with lymphoma. She died from the disease on 11 June 2020 in Barcelona, aged 78.

The Drop (movie)

The Drop is a 2014 American crime movie directed by Michaël R. Roskam. It was written by Dennis Lehane and is based on his 2009 short story "Animal Rescue". It is about Bob Saginowski, a bartender who becomes involved in an investigation after the mob ran bar that he works at was robbed. It stars Tom Hardy, Noomi Rapace, James Gandolfini (his last movie role), and Matthias Schoenaerts.

The movie was produced by TSG Entertainment and Chernin Entertainment. It premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival and was released theatrically on September 12, 2014. It had positive reviews and has an 89% approval rating based on 198 votes on Rotten Tomatoes.

John Sayles

John Thomas Sayles (born September 28, 1950) is an American movie director, screenwriter, editor, actor, and novelist. He has twice been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, for "Passion Fish" (1992) and "Lone Star" (1996). His movie "Men with Guns" (1997) was nominated for the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film.

Bill Smitrovich

William Stanley Zmitrowicz Jr. (born May 16, 1947), known professionally as Bill Smitrovich, is an American actor. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Smitrovich is known for playing many military roles. These include "Independence Day" (1996), "Air Force One" (1997), "Thirteen Days" (2000), "Fail Safe" (2000), and "Eagle Eye" (2008).

Starkville, Mississippi

Starkville is a city in, and the county seat of, Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States. Mississippi State University, the state's land-grant institution and a public flagship university, is located in Starkville. The population was 24,360 in 2020.

Brian Cummings

Brian Cummings (born March 4, 1948) is an American voice actor. He is known for his work on "", "DuckTales" and "Beauty and the Beast".


Sylvester, Georgia

Sylvester is the county seat of Worth County, Georgia, United States. The population was 5,644 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat and business center of Worth County. 

Worth County, Georgia

Worth County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia.

As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,784. The county seat is Sylvester.

Poulan, Georgia

Poulan is a city in Worth County, Georgia, United States. The population was 760 at the 2020 census.

Leighton, Alabama

Leighton is a town in Colbert County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Florence - Muscle Shoals Metropolitan Statistical Area known as "The Shoals". At the 2020 census the population was 665.

List of prime ministers of Guyana

This is a list of the prime ministers of Guyana, from the creation of the office of Chief Minister of British Guiana in 1953 to the present day.

COVID-19 pandemic in Guyana

The COVID-19 pandemic in Guyana is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

The virus was confirmed to have reached Guyana on 11 March 2020. The first case was a woman who travelled from New York, a 52-year-old woman suffering from other health conditions, including diabetes and hypertension. The woman died at the Georgetown Public Hospital.


COVID-19 pandemic in Estonia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Estonia is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The virus was confirmed to have spread to Estonia when the first case was confirmed in Tallinn on 27 February 2020.

By 11 March, 15 people in Estonia had been diagnosed with the virus, all of them had been infected outside the country, mostly in Northern Italy. On 12 March, the first cases of locally transmitted infections emerged, and on 13 March, the Estonian government declared a state of emergency until 1 May 2020. That emergency situation was extended to May 17. As a result, all the schools and universities were closed, and all public gatherings banned, including sports and cultural events.

As of 1 September, the total number of confirmed cases in the country was 2,395 of which 2,112 had recovered and 64 had died. As of 1 October, the total number of confirmed cases in the country was 3,450 of which 2,643 had recovered and 65 had died.

By the end of 2020, the total number of confirmed cases was 27,990 of which 18,326 had recovered and 229 had died.

Cabell County, West Virginia

Cabell County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 94,350, making it West Virginia's fourth-most populous county. Its county seat is Huntington. The county was organized in 1809.

Wayne County, West Virginia

Wayne County is the westernmost county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,982. Its county seat is Wayne. The county was founded in 1842.

Wayne, West Virginia

Wayne is a town in Wayne County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 1,443 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wayne County.

Matthias Schoenaerts

Matthias Schoenaerts (; ; born 8 December 1977) is a Belgian actor, movie producer, and graffiti artist. 

Schoenaerts is best known for his roles as Filip in "Loft" (2008), Jacky Vanmarsenille in the Oscar-nominated "Bullhead" (2011), Ali in the BAFTA and Golden Globe-nominee "Rust and Bone" (2012), Eric Deeds in "The Drop" (2014), Bruno von Falk in "Suite Française" (2015), Gabriel Oak in "Far from the Madding Crowd" (2015), Hans Axgil in "The Danish Girl" (2015) and Uncle Vanya in "Red Sparrow" (2018). 

He also starred as an ex-soldier suffering from PTSD in "Disorder" (2015), and as an inmate training a wild horse in "The Mustang" (2019).


List of women executed in the United States since 1976

This is a list of women executed in the United States since 1976. Since 1976, when the Supreme Court lifted the moratorium on capital punishment in "Gregg v. Georgia", sixteen women have been executed in the United States. Women represent just 1.07% of the 1,492 executions performed in the United States since 1976.


Samala

Samala is a place in Sool, Somalia, next to Guumays. It was the first place in Somalia where the British and Darawiish fought.

Kraisak Choonhavan

Kraisak Choonhavan (; 8 October 1947 – 11 June 2020) was a Thai politician. He was a member of the Senate for Nakhon Ratchasima Province from 2000 until 2006. He was also Deputy Leader of the Democrat Party from 2008 to 2011. He was born in Bangkok.

Choonhavan died of tongue cancer in Bangkok on 11 June 2020, aged 72.

Jung Ho-young

Jung Ho-young (Korean: 정호영; RR: Jeong Ho-yeong; born 23 August 2001) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
She also competed at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship. 


Hans Mezger

Hans Mezger (18 November 1929 – 10 June 2020) was a German automotive engineer. He was well known for his work at Porsche. Mezger was born near Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. He retired in 1994.

His first project was to work on the valve train of the Fuhrmann-designed Carrera engine. Over the next 35 years he took part in the 1960s F1 programme and had design leadership for the first Porsche 911 production.

Mezger was responsible for the Porsche-made TAG Turbo engine from the mid 1980s, which won multiple championships in Formula One in the McLaren MP4/2 chassis.

Mezger died on 10 June 2020 at the age of 90.

Waterville, Maine

Waterville is a city in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census the population was 15,828.

Johnny Mandel

John Alfred Mandel (November 23, 1925 – June 29, 2020) was an American composer, conductor and arranger of movie scores and jazz music. He was born in New York City.

Mandel's most famous compositions include "Suicide Is Painless" (theme from the movie and TV series "M*A*S*H"), "Close Enough for Love", "Emily" and "A Time for Love" (nominated for an Academy Award). 

He wrote many movie scores, including the score of "The Sandpiper". The love theme for that movie "The Shadow of Your Smile", which he co-wrote with Paul Francis Webster, won the 1965 Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 1966.

Mandel died on June 29, 2020 at his home in Ojai, California at the age of 94.

Richard Hooker (author)

Hiester Richard Hornberger Jr. (February 1, 1924 – November 4, 1997) was an American writer and surgeon. He wrote under the pseudonym Richard Hooker. 

Hornberger's best-known work was his novel "" (1968), based on his dramatic and comedic experiences as a wartime army surgeon doctor during the Korean War (1950–1953). It was used as the source for an award-winning movie movie – "M*A*S*H" (1970) and the long running television series (1972–1983) of the same name.

Hooker was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He studied at Bowdoin College and at Cornell University. Hooker died on November 4, 1997 in Waterville, Maine from leukemia, aged 73.

M*A*S*H (movie)

M*A*S*H is a 1970 American black comedy war movie directed by Robert Altman and written by Ring Lardner Jr.. It is based on Richard Hooker's 1968 novel "". The movie's score was composed by Johnny Mandel.

The movie is about a unit of medical personnel stationed at a Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (MASH) during the Korean War. It stars Donald Sutherland, Tom Skerritt, and Elliott Gould, with Sally Kellerman, Robert Duvall, René Auberjonois, Gary Burghoff, Roger Bowen, Michael Murphy, and Fred Williamson. 

Although M*A*S*H was based during the Korean War, the movie was set in the Vietnam War. 

It was released on January 25, 1970 to strong positive reviews. The movie has an 86% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 50 reviews. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie four out of four stars.

The movie went on to receive five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, and won for Best Adapted Screenplay. "M*A*S*H" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. The Academy Film Archive preserved "M*A*S*H" in 2000. 

The movie inspired the television series "M*A*S*H", which ran from 1972 to 1983. Gary Burghoff, who played Radar O'Reilly, was the only actor who appeared on both movie and television show.

It is also the #56 movie on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list and #7 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs list.

Roger Bowen

Roger Bowen (May 25, 1932 – February 16, 1996) was an American actor and novelist. He was known for his role of Lt. Col. Henry Blake in the 1970 movie "MASH". He was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

Bowen died on February 16, 1996 while on vacation in Marathon, Florida from a heart attack, aged 63. The day before, McLean Stevenson who played Henry Blake in the television show, died.

Laura Bernal (diplomat)

Laura Bernal (1956 – 26 April 2020) was an Argentine diplomat. She served as Argentina's ambassador to Ireland from 2016 until her sudden death in 2020. She was present in the country for her compatriot Pope Francis's visit to Ireland as part of World Meeting of Families 2018.

Bernal was from Buenos Aires. She died at her Rathmines home on 26 April 2020 and was found post-mortem to have contracted COVID-19. At the request of her sister and due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Bernal's body was not repatriated. Her funeral took place on 15 May at St Michael's parish church in Foxford and she was buried afterwards at nearby Craggagh Cemetery. Foxford is where Admiral William Brown (who founded the Argentine Navy) was born, hence this choice. As well as her sister, Bernal was survived by niblings and a sister-in-law. 

Laura Bernal

Laura Bernal may refer to:


Bayaz Aliyeva

Bayaz Aliyeva (born 9 June 1990 in Sumqayit) is an Azerbaijani female volleyball player. She is a member of the Azerbaijan women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Azerbaijani national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for Telekom Baku in 2015–2016, at the 2015–16 CEV Women's Champions League.


Taba, Egypt

Taba ( "", ) is a city in Egypt. It is next to the border of Israel on the Gulf of Aqaba. It is next to the Israeli town of Eilat. There is a road border crossing here into Israel. It is Egypt's busiest. It is the furthest north resort of the Red Sea Riviera.

Shafagat Alishanova

Shafagat Alishanova (born 8 March 1991 in Kemerovo) is an Azerbaijani female volleyball player. She is a member of the Azerbaijan women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Azerbaijani national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2019 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

She played for Azerrail Baku and E.Leclerc Radomka Radom


Iryna Joukova

Iryna Joukova (also known as Iryna Zhukova, born 22 November 1974 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian volleyball player.

She participated at the 2001 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2004-2005 Women's Volleyball Champions League, 2011 Women's World Volleyball Club Championship, and 2012 FIVB Women's Club World Championship.

From 2003 to 2005, she played for Volley Bergamo. She played for VC Zarechye Odintsovo. In 2012 to 2013, she played for Rabita Baku.


Assistant referee

An assistant referee, also known as linesman, is a referee that helps the main referee with areas that they cannot see or control. The assistant referee has the power to do things that the main referee cannot do. For example, in Football (soccer), the assistant referee can call offside, determine if a goal was valid based on the ball position, and determine who is in possession if the ball went out of play. However, assistant referees cannot overrule a referee's decision, such as if an assistant believes there was an offside but the referee believes there was not.

As outlined in Law 6 of the Laws of the Game, the officiating team works together to enforce the Laws during a game, though the referee remains final decision maker in all matters. All officials wear uniforms that match that of the referee, though the fourth official will often wear a tracksuit over the kit in colder weather.

Ivy Vila Wittingham

Ivy Vila Wittingham (born 22 July 2001) is a Cuban female volleyball player. She is a member of the Cuba women's national volleyball team and played for Camagüey in 2018.

She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's U20 World Championship.


Daima Del Rió Preval

Daima Del Rió Preval (born 9 September 2000) is a Cuban female volleyball player. She played for the Cuba women's national volleyball team and played for La Habana in 2017.

She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Egli Sabin

Egli Sabin Terry (born 25 November 1991) is a Cuban female volleyball player. She is a member of the Cuba women's national volleyball team.

She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2018 Panamerican Cup.


Laura Suárez

Laura Beatriz Suárez Hernandez (born 13 December 1998) is a Cuban female volleyball player. She is a member of the Cuba women's national volleyball team.

She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2017 FIVB U23 World Championship and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Irene (singer)

Bae Joo-hyun (Korean: 배주현; born March 29, 1991), known professionally as Irene, is a South Korean singer in the group Red Velvet and its subunit Red Velvet - IRENE & SEULGI. She is the leader of the group and visual.


Kiera Van Ryk

Kiera Van Ryk (born 6 January 1999 in New Westminster) is a Canadian female volleyball player. She is part of the Canadian women's national volleyball team. She participated at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2018 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup.

She played for the University of British Columbia's women's volleyball team and Volley Bergamo.

Latisha Morain

Latisha Morain (born 28 June 1997) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2018 Panamerican Cup.


Portia White

Portia May White (June 24, 1911 – February 13, 1968) was a Canadian contralto. She is known for becoming the first black Canadian concert singer to gain international fame. She trained at the Halifax Conservatory of Music. She also taught young musicians such as Lorne Greene, Dinah Christie, Don Francks, Robert Goulet and Anne Marie Moss. She performed a special command performance for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip in 1964. Her final public appearance was in Ottawa during July 1967.

White was born in Truro, Nova Scotia. Her mother was a descendant of Black Loyalists in Nova Scotia. Her father, William A. White, was the son of former slaves in Virginia.

On February 13, 1968, White died of breast cancer in Toronto, Ontario. She was 56.

Renele Forde

Renele Forde (born 6 August 1990) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2007 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, 2007 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2008 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2009 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2013 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2013 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, 2015 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for University of Central Florida's women's volleyball team and Florida International University's women's volleyball team.

Coleshill, Warwickshire

Coleshill ( ) is a town in Warwickshire, England. It is named after the River Cole, which flows through the town. It is about east of Birmingham and about northwest of Coventry. In 2011, 6,481 people lived there.

Kassam tree frog

The Kassam tree frog ("Litoria multiplica") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in forests and swamps far from the ocean.

Scientists say the tadpoles look different from other "Litoria" tadpoles. They have dark black and brown stripes and bright gold spots.

Slender tree frog

The slender tree frog ("Litoria adelaidensis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in southwestern Australia.

These frogs can grow to 4.5 cm long from nose to rear end. They are pale brown to bright green in colour. They have stripes down their sides. Adult frogs live near the coast or inland and stay near bodies of water.

They lay their eggs on underwater plants. The tadpoles are light in colour with stripes down their sides and can grow to 5.5 cm long. They have two rows of teeth on their top jaw and three rows of teeth on their lower jaw.

Even though this frog's Latin name comes from the city Adelaide, the frogs do not live in Adelaide.

Super NES Classic Edition

The Super NES Classic Edition (also known as SNES Mini) is a dedicated home video game console. It was released in 2017 by Nintendo. It is the successor to the NES Classic Edition and emulates the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). The console comes with two controllers. The cables of the controllers are 1.5 meters (5 ft) long.

The console features 720p HDMI display output and controllers that are similar to the original SNES controller. The console also includes an emulation engine developed by Nintendo European Research and Development.


21 games are pre-installed on the SNES Mini. It is the first time that Star Fox 2 is officially playable. The games vary between regions. Officially, there is no possibility to add games, But it is possible to hack the console to get more games.

Eurogamer praised the games, the support of 60 Hz and the fact that there are two controllers with longer cables in contrast to the NES Classic Mini. Eurogamer also said that the emulation of the SNES Classic Mini is better than that of the Virtual Console.

The SNES Mini sold 368,913 copies in the first four days in Japan. In October 2017, it had sold more than 2 million units worldwide. By its fiscal year 2017 report, ending March 31, 2018, the SNES Classic sold more than 5 million times. The NES and SNES Classic editions sold more than 10 million units by September 30, 2018.

Nintendo said that there are no plans for a Nintendo 64 Classic Mini. Doug Bowser, President of Nintendo of America, said that "Our focus right now is absolutely on our dedicated platforms such as Nintendo Switch Lite and our flagship Nintendo Switch." Reggie Fils-Aimé said "For us, these were limited time opportunities that were a way for us as a business to bridge from the conclusion of Wii U as a hardware system to the launch of Nintendo Switch. That was the very strategic reason we launched the NES Classic system."


Hussein Arnous

Hussein Arnous (born 1953) is a Syrian politician. He became Prime Minister of Syria on 11 June 2020. He became Prime Minister after President Bashar al-Assad had fired Imad Khamis due to the worsening economic crisis. 

Murray Olderman

Murray Olderman (March 27, 1922 – June 10, 2020) was an American sports cartoonist and writer. His art was used by the Pro Football Hall of Fame and hung above the Hall of Fame statues. The Hall of Fame made all of the artwork digital so that visitors to the hall can see them through electronic kiosks. He was born in New York City.

Olderman died on June 10, 2020 in Rancho Mirage, California from a heart attack, aged 98.

Burton Natarus

Burton F. "Burt" Natarus (November 7, 1933 – June 5, 2020) was an American politician. He was an Alderman of the 42nd Ward of Chicago from 1971 to 2007. Natarus was born in Wausau, Wisconsin. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Natarus died on June 5, 2020 in Chicago, aged 86.

Mel Winkler

Mel Winkler (October 23, 1941 – June 11, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was known for his voice role of Aku Aku in "Crash Bandicoot". He also voiced Lucius Fox in "The New Batman Adventures". He starred as Melvin in the 1991 comedy "Doc Hollywood".

Winkler died on June 11, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 78.

Murder by Death

Murder by Death is a 1976 American mystery comedy movie directed by Robert Moore and written by Neil Simon. It stars Eileen Brennan, Truman Captone, James Coco, Peter Falk, Peter Sellers, Elsa Lanchester, Alec Guinness, David Niven, Maggie Smith and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The New Batman Adventures

The New Batman Adventures (often shortened as TNBA) is an American superhero animated television series based on the DC Comics superhero Batman. It is a continuation of the 1990s "". It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and aired on Kids' WB from September 13, 1997 to January 16, 1999.

Stories in this show give more focus to Batman's supporting cast, which include fellow crimefighters Robin, Nightwing and Batgirl, among others. 

The show also features guest stars such as Supergirl, Etrigan the Demon and The Creeper; characters who would later appear with Batman in "Justice League" and "Justice League Unlimited". 

The 2001 video game "" and its follow-up "" are based on this series.

The show had a huge change in focus from the original series, with episodes focusing less on Batman and more on the many characters that live in Gotham City. 

Tim Drake

Timothy Jackson Drake is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a sidekick of superhero Batman. He was created by Marv Wolfman and Pat Broderick.

He first appeared in (August 1989) as the third character to assume the role of Batman's sidekick Robin. 

The character has been seen in "The New Batman Adventures", "Young Justice: Invasion", and the video game series "". In 2011, Tim Drake was ranked 32nd in IGN's Top 100 Comic Book Heroes.


Creeper (DC Comics)

Creeper (Jack Ryder), is a fictional character, a superhero created by Steve Ditko and Don Segall for DC Comics. He is a former talk show host dressed in a wild costume with a green, yellow, and red color scheme. 

He is characterized by super strength, agility, and stamina. He can heal himself quickly and has a painful laughter. 

The Creeper is supposed to be the hero version of Joker.

Richard Moll

Charles Richard Moll (January 13, 1943 – October 26, 2023) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Aristotle Nostradamus "Bull" Shannon, the bailiff on the NBC sitcom "Night Court" from 1984 to 1992 and as the voice of Harvey Dent/Two-Face in Batman-related shows.

Moll died at his home in Big Bear Lake, California, on October 26, 2023, at the age of 80.


George Dzundza

George Dzundza ( ; born July 19, 1945) is an American actor. He was born in Rosenheim, Germany. His father was Ukrainian and his mother was Polish. He spent the first couple years of his life in displaced persons camps. He was an original cast member of the long-running NBC drama "Law & Order", playing NYPD Sergeant Max Greevey in the first season. He voiced supervillain the Ventriloquist in "" and Perry White in "".

The Andromeda Strain (movie)

The Andromeda Strain is a 1971 American science fiction thriller movie directed by Robert Wise and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. It stars Arthur Hill, James Olson, David Wayne, Paula Kelly, Kate Reid, George Mitchell and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1972. With a few exceptions, the movie follows the book closely. It is about a team of scientists who investigate a deadly organism of extraterrestrial origin which has killed almost all the inhabitants of a remote village in New Mexico.

Perfecto Yasay Jr.

Perfecto "Jun" Rivas Yasay Jr. (January 27, 1947 – June 12, 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines from June 30, 2016 until March 8, 2017. He was a member of the Bangon Pilipinas. He was born in Kidapawan, Philippines.

He was Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from 1995 to 2000 and was Bangon Pilipinas Party's vice-presidential candidate in the 2010 Philippine elections, running alongside Eddie Villanueva.

Yasay Jr. died on June 12, 2020 in Manila from pneumonia caused by lung cancer, aged 73.

Silent Running

Silent Running is a 1972 American science fiction movie directed by Douglas Trumbull and starring Bruce Dern, Cliff Potts, Ron Rifkin, Jesse Vint. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The style of the film is "apocalyptic". This is a subgenre of science fiction, science fantasy, dystopian or horror film where the Earth's technological civilization is collapsing or has collapsed.


List of presidents of Madagascar

This is a list of presidents of Madagascar, since the creation of the office of President in 1959, during the Malagasy Republic.

Marc Ravalomanana

Marc Ravalomanana, GCSK (born 12 December 1949) is a Malagasy politician. He was the President of Madagascar from 2002 to 2009.

He resigned following a popular uprising in 2009. 

From 2009 to 2012 Ravalomanana lived in exile in South Africa.

In October 2014 he was arrested after returning to Madagascar, having been sentenced in absentia to lifelong hard labour for abuses of power. After his sentence was lifted and he was freed from house arrest in May 2015.

Prime Minister of Madagascar

This is a list of prime ministers of Madagascar, since the creation of the office of Chief Minister in 1828, during the Merina Kingdom.


Christian Ntsay

Christian Louis Ntsay (born 27 March 1961) is a Malagasy politician. In June 2018, he became Prime Minister of Madagascar. He was appointed by President Hery Rajaonarimampianina. Ntsay worked for the United Nations.

Robert Fisk

Robert Fisk (12 July 1946 – 30 October 2020) an English-Irish writer and journalist. He was a Middle East correspondent from 1976 until his death for many medias. From 1989 until his death, he was a correspondent for "The Independent". Fisk was born in Maidstone, Kent.

Fisk studied at Lancaster University and at Trinity College Dublin.

He was a known Arabic speaker, he was the few Western journalists to interview Osama bin Laden. He interviewed him three times between 1993 and 1997.

Fisk died of a stroke on 30 October 2020 at a Dublin, Ireland hospital at the age of 74.

The World's Greatest Lover

The World's Greatest Lover is a 1977 American comedy movie directed by Gene Wilder (who also stars) and starring Carol Kane, Dom DeLuise, Danny DeVito, Fritz Feld, Ronny Graham. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

High Anxiety

High Anxiety is a 1977 American comedy thriller movie directed by Mel Brooks (who also stars) and starring Madeline Kahn, Cloris Leachman, Harvey Korman, Ron Carey, Dick Van Patten, Barry Levinson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Turning Point

The Turning Point is a 1977 American drama movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring Shirley MacLaine, Anne Bancroft, Tom Skerritt, Leslie Browne, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Martha Scott. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 11 Academy Awards in 1978.


Sheikh Ahidul Islam

Sheikh Sahidul Islam Politician of Bagerhat District of Bangladesh And elected a member of parliament from Bagerhat-2.

Sahidul was elected to parliament from Bagerhat-2 as a Jatiya Party In 1988 Bangladeshi general election.

Wizards (movie)

Wizards is a 1977 American animated science fiction fantasy movie directed by Ralph Bakshi and starring Bob Holt, Jesse Welles, Richard Romanus, David Proval, Steve Gravers, Mark Hamill. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie is about a battle between Avatar, a wizard who uses magic, and his evil brother, Blackwolf, a wizard who uses technology.


‏‎
Phosphorite

A phosphorite or phosphate rock is a non-detrital sedimentary rock which contains high amounts of phosphate bearing minerals.

The Legend of Hell House

The Legend of Hell House is a 1973 British fantasy horror movie directed by John Hough and based on the 1971 novel "Hell House" by Richard Matheson. It stars Pamela Franklin, Roddy McDowall, Clive Revill, Gayle Hunnicutt, Roland Culver and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Snake in the Eagle's Shadow

Snake in the Eagle's Shadow () is a 1978 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Jackie Chan, Hwang Jang-lee, Yuen Siu-tien, Dean Shek, Roy Horan. It was distributed by Seasonal Film Corporation.


The Last Image

The Last Image (, translit. Al-coura al-akhira, ) is a 1986 Algerian drama movie directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina and stars Véronique Jannot, Merwan Lakhdar-Hamina, Michel Boujenah, Jean Bouise, Jean-François Balmer. It was distributed by Cannon Films.

To Kill with Intrigue

To Kill with Intrigue () is a 1977 Hong Kong-South Korean action movie directed by Lo Wei and starring Jackie Chan, Hsu Feng, George Wang, Yuen Biao.

Race for the Yankee Zephyr

Race for the Yankee Zephyr (also known as Treasure of the Yankee Zephyr) is a 1981 New Zealand Australian action adventure movie directed by David Hemmings and starring Ken Wahl, Lesley Ann Warren, George Peppard, Donald Pleasence, Bruno Lawrence, Grant Tilly.

Parasnath Yadav

Parasnath Yadav (12 January 1949 – 12 June 2020) was an Indian Samajwadi Party politician. He was a member of 17th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh from Malhani (Assembly constituency) in Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh. He also was Minister of Rural Engineering Department in Government of Uttar Pradesh. He was born in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh.

Yadav died at his home in Jaunpur on 12 June 2020 from bladder cancer, aged 71.

Dan Hicks (actor)

Dan Hicks (July 19, 1951 – June 30, 2020) was an American actor. Hicks was best known for starring roles in "Evil Dead II", "Darkman" and "Intruder". He starred in many movies directed by Sam Raimi such as "Spider-Man 2" and "Oz the Great and Powerful". 

Hicks was born in Pontiac, Michigan. 

On June 6, 2020, he was diagnosed with stage-4 cancer. He died from the disease a few weeks later on June 30, 2020 in California, aged 68.

Claremont, New Hampshire

Claremont is the only city in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 12,949 at the 2020 census.

Jean Hersholt

Jean Pierre Carl Buron (12 July 1886 – 2 June 1956), known professionally as Jean Hersholt, was a Danish-American actor and director. He was best known for starring on the radio series "Dr. Christian" from 1937 to 1942 and in the movie "Heidi" (1937). He was born in Copenhagen.

He told "The Literary Digest" how to pronounce his last name, "In English, "her'sholt"; in Danish, "hairs'hult"." 

Hersholt died on 2 June 1956 in Hollywood, California of pancreatic cancer, aged 69.

Chronicle of the Years of Fire

Chronicle of the Years of Fire (; ; these names both mean "Chronicle of the Years of Embers") is a 1975 Algerian historical drama movie directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina (who also stars) and starring Yorgo Voyagis, Hadj Smaine Mohamed Seghir, Lelia Shenna, François Maistre.

Rosemary DeCamp

Rosemary DeCamp (November 14, 1910 – February 20, 2001) was an American actress. She was born in Prescott, Arizona. Her career lasted from 1937 to 1989.

Her first movie role was in "Cheers for Miss Bishop" and appeared in many Warner Bros. movies, including "Eyes in the Night", "Yankee Doodle Dandy" playing Nellie Cohan, "This Is The Army" alongside Ronald Reagan, "Rhapsody in Blue", and "Nora Prentiss". 

She played the mother of the character played by Sabu Dastagir in "Jungle Book".

DeCamp died at her home in Newport Beach, California on February 20, 2001 from pneumonia, aged 90.

The Prisoner of Second Avenue

The Prisoner of Second Avenue is a 1975 American black comedy movie directed by Melvin Frank and based on the 1971 play of the same name by Neil Simon. It stars Jack Lemmon, Anne Bancroft, Gene Sacks, F. Murray Abraham, Sylvester Stallone and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Dorothy Fay

Dorothy Fay (April 4, 1915 – November 5, 2003) was an American actress. She was known for her appearances in Western movies. She was born in Prescott, Arizona. 

She played a heroine in "The Green Archer" (1940) and "White Eagle" (1941), both at Columbia Pictures. 

Fay also made a few small appearances in other genres, such as the crime drama movie "Missing Daughters" (1939). She had a small role in "The Philadelphia Story", which starred Cary Grant, James Stewart, and Katharine Hepburn. 

She was married to Tex Ritter. She was the mother of John Ritter and paternal grandmother of Jason Ritter and Tyler Ritter.

Fay died on November 5, 2003 in Los Angeles at the age of 88. Her son John Ritter died less than two months before his mother on September 11, 2003, from a heart disease.

Tex Ritter

Woodward Maurice "Tex" Ritter (January 12, 1905 – January 2, 1974) was an American country music singer and actor. He was popular in the mid 1930s into the 1960s.

His son was actor John and his grandchildren include Jason and Tyler, and granddaughter Carly. He is a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.

In 1936, Ritter moved to Los Angeles. His motion picture debut was in "Song of the Gringo" (1936). He starred in 12 B-movie Westerns for Grand National, including "Headin' for the Rio Grande" (1936), and "Trouble in Texas" (1937) co-starring Rita Hayworth.

Between 1938 and 1945, he starred in around forty "singing cowboy" movies. He made four movies with actress and future wife Dorothy Fay.

Ritter died in Nashville, Tennessee on January 2, 1974 from an aortic dissection, aged 68.

Liu Shaoqi

Liu Shaoqi ( ; ; 24 November 189812 November 1969) was a Chinese revolutionary, politician, and theorist. 

He was Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee from 1954 to 1959, First Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1956 to 1966 and Chairman (President) of the People's Republic of China, China's "de jure" head of state, from 1959 to 1968.

For 15 years, President Liu was the third most powerful man in China, behind only Chairman Mao Zedong and Premier Zhou Enlai. In the early 1960s before the Cultural Revolution, he became a critic of Mao. 

Liu disappeared from public life in 1968 and was called the "commander of China's bourgeoisie headquarters", China's foremost "capitalist-roader", and a traitor to the revolution.

Liu died on 12 November 1969 in Kaifeng, Henan while under torture, aged 70. After his death, the Chinese government later honored him with a state funeral and is now seen as a political hero.

The Sunshine Boys

The Sunshine Boys is a 1975 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and based on the 1972 play of the same name by Neil Simon. It stars George Burns, Walter Matthau, Richard Benjamin, Lee Meredith, F. Murray Abraham, Fritz Feld, Ron Rifkin, Carol Arthur. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1976.

Rosalind Chao

Rosalind Chao (born September 23, 1957) is an American actress. 

Chao's best-known roles have been Soon-Lee Klinger in the mid-1980s CBS show "AfterMASH", Rose Hsu Jordan in the 1993 movie "The Joy Luck Club", Keiko O'Brien on "" and "" in the 1990s, and Dr. Kim on "The O.C." in 2003.

For some time, Chao worked at Disneyland as an international tour guide.

Taija Thomas

Taija Thomas (born 24 October 1996) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Sofia Carson

Sofía Daccarett Char (born April 10, 1993), known professionally as Sofia Carson, is an American actress and singer. Her first appearance on television was as a guest star on the Disney Channel series "Austin & Ally". In 2015, she appeared as Evie, the daughter of the Evil Queen, in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Descendants", and later returned to this role in "Descendants 2" and "Descendants 3". 

Darlene Ramdin

Darlene Ramdin (born 5 August 1989) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for St. John's University's women's volleyball team.


Anand Mohan Zutshi Gulzar Dehlvi

Gulzar Dehlvi died on 12 June 2020 in New Delhi from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 93.

Kiune Fletcher

Kiune Fletcher (born 14 May 2002) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


David Owen Brooks

David Owen Brooks (February 12, 1955 – May 28, 2020) was an American convicted murderer. Working with serial killer Dean Corll, who, along with Elmer Wayne Henley Jr., abducted, raped, tortured, and murdered at least 28 boys and young men in a series of killings from 1970 to 1973 in Houston, Texas. 

The crimes, which became known as the Houston Mass Murders.

Many of the victims had been friends of Brooks and Henley. At the time of their discovery, the Houston Mass Murders were seen as the worst example of serial murder in American history.

In the years since his 1975 conviction, Brooks was repeatedly denied parole (most lately in 2018). He was next eligible for parole in 2028.

Brooks died of COVID-19 on May 28, 2020 in a Galveston, Texas hospital while serving out his life sentence. He was 65.

Delicia Pierre

Delicia Pierre (born 11 October 1991) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship. 

She played for Bethune-Cookman University's women's volleyball team.

Ninth Fort

The Ninth Fort () is a stronghold in the northern part of Šilainiai elderate, Kaunas, Lithuania. It is a part of the Kaunas Fortress, which was constructed in the late 19th century. 

During the occupation of Kaunas and the rest of Lithuania by the Soviet Union, the fort was used as a prison and way-station for prisoners being transported to labour camps. 

After the occupation of Lithuania by Nazi Germany, the fort was used as a place of execution for Jews, captured Soviets, and others.

Frank Bolle

Frank W. Bolle (June 23, 1924 – May 12, 2020) was an American comic-strip artist, comic book artist and illustrator. He was best known as the longtime artist of the newspaper strips "Winnie Winkle" and "The Heart of Juliet Jones". He also drew for comic books "Tim Holt" and "Doctor Solar, Man of the Atom". He was the illustrator for the Boy Scouts of America magazine "Boys' Life" for 18 years. 

Bolle died May 12, 2020 in Weston, Connecticut at the age of 95.

Markus Klaer

Markus Klaer (June 26, 1968 – May 21, 2020) was a German politician and engineer. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). Klaer was in the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin, the city's state parliament, from 2011 until 2016. He returned to the Abgeordnetenhaus from August 1, 2019, until his death in May 28, 2020. He was born in Geseke, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Klaer died on May 21, 2020 at the age of 51.

Józef Grzesiak (boxer)

Józef Grzesiak (18 February 1941 – 30 May 2020) was a Polish boxer. He was born in Popów, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. He competed for Poland in the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan. He finished in third place, winning a bronze medal.

Grzesiak died of dementia-related problems in Warsaw on 30 May 2020, aged 79.


Claude Heater

Claude Heater (October 25, 1927 – May 28, 2020) was an American opera singer and actor. He was also known for playing the role of Jesus Christ in the 1959 classic movie "Ben-Hur". Heater was born in Oakland, California.

Heater died on May 28, 2020 from heart disease in San Francisco at the age of 92.


Laiana Rodrigues

Laiana Rodrigues (born 8 May 1982) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team. She competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, 2015 Parapan American Games, and 2019 Parapan American Games.

Simone Turck

Simone Turck (1924 – 23 May 2020) was a French actress and theatre director. She starred in French Shakespeare productions of "Twelfth Night", "King Lear" and "The Taming of the Shrew". A theatre director, she directed French productions of "The Game of Love and Chance", "La Dispute", "The Barber of Seville" and "Electra". 

Turck was born in Toulouse. She died in Nice on 23 May 2020, aged 96.


Johann Weber (bishop)

Johann Weber (26 April 1927 – 23 May 2020) was an Austrian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1950. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Graz-Seckau, Austria, from 1969 until 2001. Weber was also Chairman of the Episcopal Conference of Austria between 1995 and 1998.

Kitbull

Kitbull is a 2019 American animated short movie directed and written by Rosana Sullivan, produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and made by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. 

It is the third movie in Pixar's "SparkShorts" program. It is about stray kitten and an abused pit bull, who form an unlikely friendship. The short premiered at El Capitan Theatre on January 18, 2019, before being released on YouTube on February 18, 2019. 

The short was also released on Disney+ on November 12, 2019.

The movie had strong positive reviews. The short was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 92nd Academy Awards.

Lava (2014 movie)

Lava is a 2014 American computer-animated musical romantic short movie, produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was directed by James Ford Murphy and produced by Andrea Warren.

It premiered at the Hiroshima International Animation Festival on June 14, 2014, and was theatrically released alongside Pixar's "Inside Out" on June 19, 2015. 

The short is a musical love story that takes place over thousands of years between two volcanoes near Hawaii. It stars Kuana Torres Kahele and Nāpua Greig.

Piper (movie)

Piper is a 2016 computer-animated short movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was written and directed by Alan Barillaro, it was theatrically released alongside Pixar's "Finding Dory" on June 17, 2016. It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 89th Academy Awards, becoming the first Pixar animated short to win the award since "For the Birds" in 2002.

The short movie is about a hungry baby sandpiper learning to overcome her fear of water.

Bao (movie)

Bao is a 2018 American computer-animated short movie written and directed by Domee Shi and produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was released with "Incredibles 2" on June 15, 2018. 

The movie is about an aging and lonely Chinese-Canadian mother, suffering from empty nest syndrome, who gets a second chance at motherhood when she makes a steamed bun (baozi) that comes to life. 

The movie won the Oscar for the Best Animated Short Film at the 91st Academy Awards.

The Blue Umbrella

The Blue Umbrella is a 2013 computer-animated short movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios that was released alongside "Monsters University". The short is directed by Saschka Unseld of Pixar's technical department. The short uses photorealistic lighting, shading, and compositing.

The movie was about a blue umbrella that falls in love with a red umbrella in the middle of a storm in a busy city. However, because of the story, it makes it hard for the blue umbrella to follow and find the red umbrella. Eventually, the owners of the umbrella find each other and therefore the two umbrellas fall in love.

Eppie Wietzes

Egbert "Eppie" Wietzes (28 May 1938 – 10 June 2020) was a Dutch-born Canadian racing driver. He was born in Assen, Netherlands. 

Wietzes took part in two Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 27 August 1967. He retired on lap 69 with wet electrics and was disqualified for receiving outside assistance. Wietzes also participated in the 1974 Canadian Grand Prix with a rented Brabham BT42 but again retired with a transmission problem.

He was the driver of the first safety car in Formula One, in the 1973 Canadian Grand Prix, taking a Porsche 914 course car on to the track after a crash involving François Cevert and Jody Scheckter.

Wietzes was inducted into Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame in 1993.

François Cevert

Albert François Cevert Goldenberg (25 February 1944 – 6 October 1973) was a French racing driver. He took part in the Formula One World Championship. He competed in 47 World Championship Grands Prix, achieving one win, 13 podium finishes and 89 career points.

He was killed in a racing competition in Watkins Glen, New York on 6 October 1973, aged 29.


Horst's tree frog

Horst's tree frog ("Litoria amboinensis") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. People have seen it in the Southern Highlands Province, from 1280 to 1750 metres above sea level.

These frogs can grow to 65 mm long from nose to rear end. People have seen them near human-made ponds by the edges of forests. They make a loud rattling sound with their voices.

Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone

The Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone (CHAZ) (also referred to as Free Capitol Hill, the Capitol Hill Free Zone (CHFZ), or the Capitol Hill Organized Protest (CHOP)) was a self-declared autonomous region that emerged in Seattle, Washington, in June 2020. It was established by protesters in response to the killing of George Floyd and aimed to challenge traditional power structures within the city and promote a peaceful approach to social justice, adopting the slogan "Free Capitol Hill". During its existence, CHAZ encompassed six city blocks within Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood, including the area surrounding the Seattle Police Department's East Precinct, which was abandoned on June 8, 2020 when all the police left the area.

Within the zone, protesters set up tents, community gardens, and established various forms of self-governance. The area functioned as a space for demonstrations and artistic expressions. The existence of CHAZ was relatively short-lived, as the Seattle Police Department eventually reclaimed the precinct and dismantled the zone in early July 2020.

Capitol Hill is a place in Seattle. Sometimes, it has lots of people who gathered to talk about problems, but in the summer of 2020, became a center of major civil unrest, violence, looting and crime.

On May 29, 2020, many people gathered to protest the killing of George Floyd. Some people fought police and soldiers, but nobody died. Some people stood around a building with police inside. Police used pepper spray to get the people to go away, but it did not work. Then, police covered the windows in the building with wood. Then, police went away and did not lock the doors in the building. The people who stood around the building then falsely stated that the area with and near the building was a new country, and was not in the United States of America anymore.

Near the middle of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone is a building that was used by police. There are many kitchens on the street in the area, as well as a park. The park has a large screen that plays movies outside.

There are walls on the streets that keep people from entering without permission, near the edges of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. There is also lots of paint put on walls.

There are homes in the area. There are also restaurants and small businesses.

In addition, Seattle's East Precinct was taken over resulting in the tactical retreat by the Seattle Police Department. While it has largely been ignored, this is an example of insurrection with the support of many Government Officials.

There were no paid police officers in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. There were many people who had guns in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. No one outside of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone knows who the leaders in their government were. Some people think their leader was a singer named Raz Simone. Others think their leader was Nikkita Oliver. Nikkita Oliver wants to be the mayor of Seattle, but lost the election. The leader puts things that they want people to do on paper, and then put the paper on walls.

Tents were built for people to live in. Water, food, and soap was given to people for free. The United States Government gave toilets to the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone and cleaned up their trash. The United States Government said that it would have put out any fires that started in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone.

The Government of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone made shields that can be used to fight, and gave them to its citizens.

The Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone did not allow police officers from Seattle to come into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. Seattle had said that it would not try to put police into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone, unless someone has killed someone else, or is about to.

On June 7, 2020, a man drove his car into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. Some people say he tried to run into people to hurt them. A person that the man did not know tried to get into his car. The person driving the car shot the person that tried to get into the car, but they did not die.

On June 20, 2020, two men were shot. One of them was Horace Anderson, and he was 19 years old. He died because he was shot. The other man was named DeJuan Young, who was 33 years old, but he did not die. Dejuan Young says that he was shot because he was black. When police heard gunshots, they tried to come into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone, but the protesters did not want them to. The people in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone pushed police out of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone.

On June 21, 2020, a 17 years old man was shot in his arm. Police tried to ask him why he was shot, but he did not want to talk to them.

On June 23, 2020, a man who was about 30 years old was shot at around 5:00 am. He did not die.
The government of the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone said that people who work for Fox News are not allowed into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. Sometimes reporters from Fox News went into the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. If they were found by people in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone, they would be asked to leave, or be attacked.

The creation of CHAZ sparked significant debates and received mixed reactions from the public, as supporters praised it as an experiment in direct democracy and grassroots organizing, highlighting its focus on community engagement and police reform. However, critics, including President Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz, noted the potential safety issues, loss of public services, and the lack of legitimacy in establishing an autonomous zone within the city. The Mayor of Seattle Jenny Durkan considered it to be a party rather than an attempt at a real country. Many residents of Seattle sued the city in an attempt to move people out of the zone.

Cape Melville tree frog

The Cape Melville tree frog ("Ranoidea andiirrmalin") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in the Melville Range mountains on Cape Melville in Queensland.

These frogs live in fields of boulders near rainforests. They are difficult for people to study because the mountains are hard to climb. As of 2004, they had only been found in four streams.

Yucca moth

Yucca moths are a family of moths (Lepidopera). There are about 80 species, in two subfamilies. Many of them are specific to one or a few species of agave-like plants. The moths live inside the plants. They are an example of co-evolution: many moths evolved with the specific host plant. The host plants sometimes adapted that they need specific moths for pollination.

Pâmela Pereira

Pamela Pereira (born 25 April 1988) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She won the bronze medal, Brazil's first in the sport, at the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, after defeating the Ukrainian women's national sitting volleyball team by 3 sets to 0, and the silver medal at the 2019 Parapan American Games.

Afe­sha Olton-Humphreys

Afesha Olton-Humphreys (born 22 May 1992) is a Trinidad and Tobago female volleyball player. She was part of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national volleyball team. 

She participated in the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Nurya de Almeida Silva

Nurya de Almeida Silva (born 26 April 1991) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She won the bronze medal, Brazil's first in the sport, at the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, after defeating the Ukrainian women's national sitting volleyball team by 3 sets to 0, and the silver medal at the 2019 Parapan American Games.

She plays for VBC Galina Schaan.

Janaína Petit Cunha

Janaína Petit Cunha (born 16 July 1977) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.


Camila Maria Leiria de Castro

Camila Maria Leiria de Castro (born 8 May 1982) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She won the bronze medal, Brazil's first in the sport, at the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, after defeating the Ukrainian women's national sitting volleyball team by 3 sets to 0.


Gizele Maria Dias da Costa

Gizele Maria Dias da Costa (born 29 October 1977) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She won the bronze medal, Brazil's first in the sport, at the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, after defeating the Ukrainian women's national sitting volleyball team by 3 sets to 0.

Edwarda de Oliveira Dias

Edwarda de Oliveira Dias (born 22 April 1999 in Suzano) is a Brazilian Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is part of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She won the bronze medal, Brazil's first in the sport, at the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, after defeating the Ukrainian women's national sitting volleyball team by 3 sets to 0.


Terrorizers

Terrorizers is a 1986 Taiwanese drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Cora Miao, Lee Li-chun, Chin Shih-chieh, Yu An-shun, Ku Pao-ming. It was distributed by Central Motion Pictures.

Let's Play in the World

Let's Play in the World () is a 1971 Argentine musical comedy movie directed by María Herminia Avellaneda and starring Rodolfo Machado, Eva Franco, María Elena Walsh, Perla Santalla, Jorge Mayor, Hugo Caprera.

Shampoo (movie)

Shampoo is a 1975 American comedy movie directed by Hal Ashby and starring Warren Beatty, Julie Christie, Tony Bill, Lee Grant, Jack Warden, Jay Robinson, Carrie Fisher, Susanna Moore. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1976.


Li Ting

Li Ting (born 25 October 1989) is a Chinese female sitting volleyball player. She won a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

Christina Schwenkel

Christina Schwenkel is an American anthropologist and historian. She is an associate professor at University of California, Riverside. She is co-editor of "Journal of Vietnamese Studies". She won a Berlin Prize.

Her work appeared in "Sense".


Alison Sherwood

Alison Sherwood is an American journalist. She won a 2011 Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting. She works for the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel".

She studied at the University of Missouri. In 2016, she participated in the Journalists in the Community program, sponsored by the Wisconsin Humanities Council.


Rebecca Kimitch

Rebecca Kimitch is an American journalist. She won a 2015 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting.

She studied at Northwestern University. She worked for the "Daily Breeze", Los Angeles News Group, and Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.


Nancy Cleeland

Nancy Cleeland is an American journalist. She won a 2004 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting. and 2004 George Polk Award. She works for Economic Policy Institute.

She studied at University of Arizona. She worked for the Associated Press and the "Los Angeles Times".

Abigail Goldman

Abigail Goldman is an American journalist. She won a 2004 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting and 2004 George Polk Award. She teaches at University of California, Los Angeles.

She graduated from University of Wisconsin-Madison and Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. She worked for the "Los Angeles Times".

Maggie Michael

Maggie Michael is an Egyptian journalist based in Cairo. She won a 2019 Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting and 2019 Michael Kelly Award. She covered the civil war in Yemen from 2015 to 2019.


Lisa Pollak

Lisa Pollak is an American journalist. She won a 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing.

She studied at Northwestern University. She worked for the "Baltimore Sun" and WBEZ's "This American Life".

Moscow on the Hudson

Moscow on the Hudson is a 1984 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Robin Williams, María Conchita Alonso, Cleavant Derricks, Alejandro Rey, Yakov Smirnoff. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Rapture (BioShock)

Rapture is a fictional city where the "BioShock" series of video games takes place. The city was built at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean so that no government could find it. Rapture is a city based on the ideas of objectivism, the philosophy that believes everything people do should be based on logic (rather than emotion) and for their own self-interest. 

Rapture was built by a man named Andrew Ryan. Andrew Ryan believed that the governments and religions above the ocean wanted to take away the wealth from people who worked hard for it and to give it to so-called "parasites", people who take away things from people who worked for it. He wanted Rapture to be a place where people could become anything or do anything they wanted if they worked hard for it, a place where science could develop quickly because religions could not enforce morality to slow down or stop scientific research, a place where artists could make any art they wanted because governments could not censor their ideas, a place where rich and powerful people would not be forced to give anything to poor and powerless people.

Due to not having laws that slowed down or stopped scientific research, many intelligent scientists from above the ocean moved to Rapture and made many new discoveries. This allowed Rapture to develop very quickly. The most important discovery is the discovery of ADAM. ADAM is a liquid that comes from sea slugs that can rewrite a person's genetic code. This allows people to have special powers like shooting lighting bolts, shooting fire, and lifting objects without touching them. However, ADAM was also extremely addictive, and if users of ADAM went through long periods of time without it, they would suffer serious health problems and go insane. People who got withdrawals from ADAM would turn into Splicers. Unfortunately, many people in Rapture also became addicted to ADAM, and ADAM became something everyone in Rapture wanted and needed. Since ADAM had such a high demand and low supply, young girls called Little Sisters were raised to collect ADAM from dead Splicers. As Splicers would try to kill Little Sisters to take the ADAM they collected, Big Daddies were created to protect the Little Sisters. Big Daddies would kill anyone who attacked a Little Sister.

However, when the wealth gap between the rich and poor people of Rapture became too wide, Frank Fontaine, also known as Atlas, sold ADAM and made charities to help the poor people of Rapture. Also, since the economy of Rapture is based on laissez-faire captalism (an economy where governments make as little changes to the economy as possible), businesses could sell ADAM to people without any laws stopping it. Since Atlas was giving help and selling ADAM to the poor people of Rapture, they would become loyal to him. Since Atlas was gaining power and tried to control Rapture, Ryan betrayed the values he built Rapture on and became a dictator. Eventually, a civil war in Rapture was fought between people who supported Ryan and people who supported Atlas. This made Rapture a very dangerous place. Many people left Rapture to go back to the surface world. Most of the people who stayed in Rapture became Splicers.

Colleen McCain Nelson

Colleen McCain Nelson is an American journalist and editorial writer. She won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing. She is editorial page editor of the "Kansas City Star".

Nelson grew up in Salina, Kansas. She was editor of the Tripodium newspaper at Salina High School South and won a national award for excellence in feature writing in 1991. She studied at the University of Kansas, where she was editor of "The University Daily Kansan". She was a reporter for "The Wichita Eagle" and "Fort Worth Star-Telegram". She was columnist for "The Dallas Morning News". She was the White House reporter for "The Wall Street Journal".

Nelson's husband, Eric, oversees "The Kansas City Star"'s digital news operations.

Angiana tree frog

The angiana tree frog ("Litoria angiana") is a large tree frog from Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.

Male adult frogs are 50 to 55 mm long from nose to rear end and females can be 80 mm long. They can be brown or green with a dark stripe on the sides. There are yellow spots around the stripe.

They live near rivers and in forests.

Diana Dadabaeva

Diana Dadabaeva (born 29 July 1991) is an Uzbekistani female water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team. 

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2010 Asian Games, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Viktoriya Gorodchanina

Viktoriya Gorodchanina (born 9 November 1987) is an Uzbekistani female water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team. 

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Daniela Lavorini

Daniela Lavorini (born 15 August 1976) is a female water polo player from Italy.

She participated at the 1997 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2003 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

On the club level, she played for Fiorentina Waterpolo.

Bicycle-sharing system

A bicycle sharing system is in place all around the world and is very popular. It is an easy way to reduce emissions as bikes are sustainable and safe. You can find these bikes at a dock and return the dock of the same brand. 

These bikes may be free of charge or have a small fee that increases however long the bike is away from a dock.

Mary Overlie

Mary Overlie (January 15, 1946 – June 5, 2020) was an American choreographer, dancer, theater artist, professor and author. She was a creator of the Six Viewpoints technique for theater and dance. She was born in Havre, Montana. Overlie was the co-founder of the art institutions such as Danspace Project, the Studies Project, Movement Research, and the Experimental Theater Wing at New York University.

Overlie died on June 5, 2020 at the age of 74.

Talat Özkarslı

Sefer Talat Özkarslı (21 March 1938 – 10 June 2020), nicknamed Koçero, was a Turkish football manager and footballer. He played as a defender. Özkarslı was best known for his playing career with Galatasaray from 1961 to 1971. He also played for the national team from 1962 to 1968. He also managed Gaziantepspor. Özkarslı was born in Gaziantep, Turkey.

Özkarslı died on 10 June 2020, aged 82.

Marcel Maréchal

Marcel Maréchal (25 December 1937 – 11 June 2020) was a French actor, writer, and director. He was born in Lyon, France. He was best known for his roles in "I as in Icarus" (1979), "Simple mortel" (1991) and "Fanfan" (1993).

Maréchal died on 11 June 2020 in Paris, aged 82.

Dennis O'Neil

Dennis J. O'Neil, also known as Denny O'Neil (May 3, 1939 – June 11, 2020) was an American comic book writer and editor. He worked for Marvel Comics and DC Comics from the 1960s through the 1990s. He was a Group Editor for the Batman family of titles until his retirement. O'Neil was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

O'Neil died on June 11, 2020 from cardiopulmonary arrest in Nyack, New York at the age of 81.

Matt Poore

Matt Beresford Poore (1 June 1930 – 11 June 2020) was an international New Zealand cricketer. He played 14 Tests for New Zealand in the 1950s. He was born in Christchurch.

Poore died at a retirement home in North Shore, Auckland, on 11 June 2020 at the age of 90.

Alan Burgess (cricketer)

Alan Thomas Burgess (1 May 1920 – 5 January 2021) was a New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Canterbury from 1940 to 1952. He was a tank driver in World War II. He was born in Christchurch. 

In nine matches for Canterbury between 1945-46 and 1951-52 his top score was 42 against Auckland in 1950-51, when he put on 105 for the first wicket with Ray Emery.

Burgess celebrated his 100th birthday in May 2020. He died on 5 January 2021 in Rangiora, New Zealand.

Carl Brewer (politician)

Carl Brewer (March 8, 1957 – June 12, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was the 100th mayor of Wichita, Kansas and was Wichita's first black mayor. He was elected in 2007 and reelected in 2011. He was born in Wichita.

Brewer died on June 12, 2020 in Wichita at the age of 63.

Brandon Whipple

Brandon Whipple (born July 13, 1982) is an American politician and educator. He was elected Mayor of Wichita, Kansas in 2019 but lost the mayoral election in 2023 to Lily Wu. He was a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 96th district.

He was an adjunct professor of American politics at Wichita State University. 

Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)

"Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)" is a song by Colombian singer Shakira. It is called "Waka Waka (Esto es África)" in Spanish. The song features the South African band Freshlyground. It was released on 7 May 2010 by Epic Records. "Waka Waka" was the official song of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. It was written, composed and produced by Shakira and John Hill. "Waka Waka" is a pop song. 

The song got positive reviews from critics. It was controversial after many South Africans were disappointment that FIFA chose Shakira to sing the song. They said that it would have been better for a South African artist to perform it. Many have also accused Shakira of plagiarism. They said that the chorus and melody are borrowed from the 1986 Cameroonian song "Zamina mina (Zangaléwa)" by . The members of the group and its manager later made an agreement with Shakira. They said that she simply readapted the song.

"Waka Waka" peaked at number one on record charts of fifteen countries. It was the biggest song of 2010 in seven countries. The song is the seventh bestselling song of all-time in Switzerland and the tenth in Belgium and France. "Waka Waka" has sold 15 million downloads worldwide. It is one of the best-selling singles of all time.

Arthur Donald Spatt

Arthur Donald Spatt (December 13, 1925 – June 12, 2020) was an American politician and judge. Spatt was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York from 1989 to 2004. He was born in New York City. Spatt was nominated by President George H. W. Bush.

Spatt died on June 12, 2020 in Commack, New York from blood cancer, aged 94.

Commack, New York

Commack ( ) is a census designated place (CDP) in the towns of Huntington and Smithtown in Suffolk County, New York, United States, on Long Island. The CDP's population was 36,536 at the 2020 census.

Ricky Valance

Ricky Valance (born David Spencer, 10 April 1936 – 12 June 2020) was a Welsh pop singer. He was best known for the UK number one single "Tell Laura I Love Her", which sold over a million copies in 1960. He was the first male Welsh singer to have a UK number one single hit. Valance was born in Ynysddu, Monmouthshire.

Valance died on 12 June 2020 from dementia-related problems in Spain, aged 84.

Sprague Grayden

Sprague Grayden (born July 21, 1980) is an American actress. She played schoolteacher Heather Lisinski in the television drama "Jericho", Karen Kawalski in "John Doe", first daughter Olivia Taylor in the television thriller "24", and Kristi Rey in the movies "Paranormal Activity 2" and "3".

Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts

Manchester-by-the-Sea (also known simply as Manchester) is a town on Cape Ann, in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The town is known for its beaches. At the 2020 census, the population was 5,395.

Essex, Massachusetts

Essex is a coastal town in Essex County, Massachusetts, 26 miles (42 km) north of Boston and 13 miles (21 km) southeast of Newburyport. The population was 3,675 at the 2020 census.

Cape Ann

Cape Ann is a rocky cape in northeastern Massachusetts, United States on the Atlantic Ocean. It is about 30 miles northeast of Boston. It is the northern limit of Massachusetts Bay. 

Cape Ann includes the city of Gloucester and the towns of Essex, Manchester-by-the-Sea and Rockport.

It was named after Anne of Denmark.

Kazimierz Wielki

Kazimierz Wielki is a 1975 Polish historical drama movie directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski. It stars Włodzimierz Bednarski, Krzysztof Chamiec, Zofia Saretok, Ignacy Machowski, Wiesław Gołas, Władysław Hańcza, Bolesław Płotnicki.

The Cowboys (1972 movie)

The Cowboys is a 1972 American western movie directed by Mark Rydell. It is based on the novel of the same name by William Dale Jennings. It stars John Wayne, Roscoe Lee Browne, Slim Pickens, Colleen Dewhurst, and Bruce Dern. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


The Last Polka

The Last Polka is a 1985 Canadian mockumentary movie written by John Candy and Eugene Levy (also who stars) and starring Rick Moranis, Catherine O'Hara.


Brahmanda Purana

The Brahmanda Purana is one of the oldest Puranas. Estimates for the composition of its earliest core vary widely. The early 20th-century Indian scholar Dikshitar dated the Brahmanda to the 4th century BCE. Most later scholarship places this text to be from centuries later, in the 4th to 6th century BCE. , a Sanskrit scholar, states that the text is generally assumed to have achieved its current structure about 1000 CE.

The text has been changed often after the 10th century, and new sections probably replaced older ones. The 13th century Yadava dynasty scholar Hemadri quoted large parts of the then-existing "Brahmanda Purana", but these parts are not found in currently surviving versions of the same text. This suggests that the 13th-century version of this Purana was different in many respects than extant manuscripts.

The "Adhyatma-ramayana", the most important embedded set of chapters in the extant versions of the Purana, is considered to have been composed centuries later, possibly in the 15th century, and is attributed to Ramananda – the Advaita scholar and the founder of the Ramanandi Sampradaya, the largest monastic group in Hinduism and in Asia in modern times. The "Adhyatma-ramayana" thus was added to this Purana later, and it is an important document to the Rama-related tradition within Hinduism.

A Javanese Brahmanda palm-leaf manuscript was discovered in Indonesia in the mid-19th century by colonial-era Dutch scholars, along with other Puranas. The Sanskrit originals of these are either lost or yet to be discovered. The "Javanese Brahmanda" was translated by the Dutch Sanskrit scholar Jan Gonda and compared to Sanskrit texts found in India.

The Van (1977 movie)

The Van is a 1977 American teen comedy movie directed by Sam Grossman and stars Stuart Getz, Danny DeVito, Deborah White, Harry Moses, Bill Adler. It was distributed by Crown International Pictures.


Sandra Schilling

Sandra Schilling (born 26 June 1989) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.


Mariam Salloum

Mariam Sabine Salloum (born 23 August 1989) is a German water polo player.

She played for the German women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team.


Elena Dukhanova

Elena Dukhanova (born 10 September 1994) is an Uzbekistani water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2010 Asian Games, and 2014 Asian Games.


Phil Lester

Philip Michael Lester (born 30 January 1987) is an English YouTuber and presenter. He is best known for his YouTube channels AmazingPhil, which has over 4 million subscribers, and DanAndPhilGAMES.

Together with friend Daniel Howell, Lester presented Sunday night entertainment show "Dan and Phil (radio show)" on BBC Radio 1 from January 2013 until August 2014, and from September 2014 to April 2016.

Lester was born in Rawtenstall, Rossendale, Lancashire. He is openly gay.

Lyudmila Chegodayeva

Lyudmila Chegodayeva (born 20 April 1992) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player.

She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2009 FINA Junior Women's World Championships, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2012 Women's Olympic Qualification Tournament.


Kamila Marina

Kamila Marina (born 3 August 1992) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player.

She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2012 Women's Olympic Qualification Tournament.

Natalya Alexandrova

Natalya Alexandrova (born 27 May 1987) is a female water polo player of Kazakhstan.

She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, the 2012 Women's Olympic Qualification Tournament, and 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.


B. Kannan

Bhimsingh Kannan (10 January 1951 – 13 June 2020) was an Indian cinematographer. He was born in Madras, Tamil Nadu. He was known for his works with director P. Bharathiraja. His best known works were "Oru Nadigai Natakam Parkiral" (1978), "Kadalora Kavithaigal" (1986) and "Solla Thudikuthu Manasu" (1988).

Kannan died on 13 June 2020 from problems caused by heart disease at a hospital in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, aged 69.

S. Robson Walton

Samuel Robson "Rob" Walton (born October 28, 1944) is an American businessman. He is the heir to the fortune of Walmart, the world's largest retailer. He is the eldest son of Helen Walton and Sam Walton. He was Chairman of Walmart from 1992 to 2015. 

As of March 2020, Walton had a net worth of $54.1 billion, making him the 10th richest person in the world. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Jim Walton

James Carr Walton (born June 7, 1948) is an American businessman. He is the heir to the fortune of Walmart, the world's largest retailer. 

As of March 2020, Walton was the 8th-richest person in the world, with a net worth of US$54.6 billion. He is the youngest son of Sam Walton. Walton was born in Newport, Arkansas.

Darya Vassilyeva

Darya Vassilyeva (born 14 October 1988) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She was part of the Kazakhstani team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and the 2012 Women's Olympic Qualification Tournament.

Alice Walton

Alice Louise Walton (born October 7, 1949) is an American businesswoman, philanthropist and art collector. She is an heir to the fortune of Walmart Inc. She is the daughter of Walmart founder Sam Walton and Helen Walton, and sister of S. Robson Walton, Jim Walton and the late John T. Walton.

In September 2016, she owned over billion in Walmart shares. As of May 2020, she was ranked as the 9th-richest person in the world and the richest woman, with a net worth of $56 billion.

Walton was born in Newport, Arkansas.

Yelena Chebotova

Yelena Chebotova (born 6 December 1988) is a female water polo player of Kazakhstan.

She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2010 Asian Games and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Dietrich Mateschitz

Dietrich Mateschitz (20 May 1944 – 22 October 2022) was an Austrian billionaire businessman. He was the co-founder and 49% owner of the Red Bull energy drink company. In June 2019, Mateschitz's net worth was said to be at $19.5 billion, making him the 53rd richest person in the world. He was born in Sankt Marein im Mürztal, Styria.

Mateschitz died on 22 October 2022 from a long-illness at the age of 78.

Alisher Usmanov

Alisher Burkhanovich Usmanov (; ; born 9 September 1953) is an Uzbek-born Russian oligarch. As reported by "Forbes" in 2020, Alisher Usmanov has a net worth of $11.68 billion.

Usmanov built his wealth through metal and mining operations, and investments, and is the majority shareholder of Metalloinvest.

He owns the Kommersant publishing house. He is also a co‑owner of Russia's second-largest mobile telephone operator, MegaFon, and co-owner of the Mail.Ru group.

In 1994-1998, Usmanov, at the head of the Interbank Investment and Financial Company Interfin, collected debts for gas. In the late 1990s, Usmanov met Rem Vyakhirev; By pooling their efforts and finances, Gazprom and Interfin acquired controlling stakes in the Oskol Electrometallurgical Plant (OEMK) and the Lebedinsky Mining and Processing Plant, consolidating them into Gazmetall. In 2002, Usmanov's Interfin bought out Gazprom's stake in this company and became the sole controlling shareholder. In 2005, Usmanov, together with Vasily Anisimov, acquired Mikhailovsky GOK from Boris Ivanishvili. In 2006, all the mentioned assets were consolidated into Metalloinvest, Anisimov and Vladimir Skoch became its co-owners together with Usmanov (to whom the shares were transferred in 1999 after his son Andrey Skoch became a deputy State Duma)

Azim Premji

Azim Hashim Premji (born 24 July 1945) is an Indian businessman, investor, engineer, and philanthropist. 

He is the chairman of Wipro Limited. He is informally known as the Czar of the Indian IT Industry. He is a key figure in the software industry.

In 2010, he was voted among the 20 most powerful men in the world by Asiaweek. He has twice been listed among the 100 most influential people by TIME Magazine, once in 2004 and more recently in 2011.

He is currently the tenth richest person in India with a net worth of US$7.2 billion as of October 2019.

In 2013, he agreed to give away at least half of his wealth by signing The Giving Pledge. Premji started with a $2.2 billion donation to the Azim Premji Foundation, focused on education in India.

Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi

Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi (; ; ; born 2 May 1944) is a Thai billionaire businessman.

He is the founder of Thai Beverage, the chairman of conglomerate TCC Group and Fraser and Neave, Ltd(F&N). He is now Thailand's largest property developer and landlord of 630,000 rai (100,800 hectares). He also owns 50 hotels in Asia, the US, UK, and Australia, including Plaza Athénée in Manhattan and The Okura Prestige Bangkok.

, "Forbes" said his net worth at US$10.5 billion.

In 1988, King Bhumibol of Thailand granted the family the name "Sirivadhanabhakdi".

Dieter Schwarz

Dieter Schwarz (born 24 September 1939) is a German billionaire businessman. He is the owner of the Schwarz-Gruppe. He is the chairman and CEO of the supermarket chain Lidl, and the hypermarket chain Kaufland.

Donald Bren

Donald Leroy Bren (born May 11, 1932) is an American businessman. He is chairman and owner of the Irvine Company, an American real estate development company. Bren's net worth is $17 billion, making him number 112 on the 2022 Forbes Billionaires List.

François Pinault

François Pinault (born 21 August 1936) is a French billionaire businessman. He is the founder of the luxury group Kering and the investment company Artémis.

Pinault started his business in the timber industry in the early 1960s. In 1988, he invested in a retail company called PPR. Pinault is one of the world's leading contemporary art collectors.

Gennady Timchenko

Gennady Nikolayevich Timchenko (, "also spelled" Guennadi Timtchenko; born 9 November 1952) is a Russian billionaire businessman. He founded and owns the private investment group, Volga Group. He was a co-owner of Gunvor Group.

In 2019, Timchenko was ranked 42nd on the Forbes magazine billionaires list, with a fortune of US$22.7 billion.

He is known for being the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Kontinental Hockey League, and President of the SKA Saint Petersburg ice hockey club.
He is a citizen of Russia, Finland and Armenia.

Germán Larrea Mota-Velasco

Germán Larrea Mota-Velasco (born July 8, 1941) is a Mexican billionaire businessman. He is the CEO of Grupo México, Mexico's largest mining corporation, and the third largest copper producer in the world.

He founded Grupo Impresa, a printing and publishing company in 1978, remaining as the chairman and CEO until 1989, when the company was sold. He is also a director of Banco Nacional de Mexico.

According to "Forbes", he is worth US$26.6 billion, and the second richest man in Mexico, after Carlos Slim.

Esther Dang

Esther Dang (born 5 March 1945 in Mbalmayo) is a Cameroonian economist. She was a candidate for the 2011 Cameroonian presidential election.

She graduated from the University of Yaoundé and University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne. From October 1974 to July 1975 she worked for the Cameroonian Insurance and Reinsurance Company (SOCAR). From 2 April 1982 to 28 April 1989, she was Director of Operations at the National Investment Company (SNI). In 2010 she left the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement.


Harold Hamm

Harold Glenn Hamm (born December 11, 1945) is an American entrepreneur. He is best known for he development of the large shale oil resources of the Bakken formation.

As of January 2018, Hamm's net worth is said to be $14.2 billion, making him the 79th richest person in the United States.

In 2012, presidential candidate Mitt Romney named Hamm as his energy advisor.

In 2016, then-Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was thinking about making Hamm United States Secretary of Energy.

S. P. Hinduja

Srichand Parmanand Hinduja (28 November 1935 – 17 May 2023) was an Indian-born British billionaire business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He was the primary shareholder and chairman of Hinduja Group of companies.

As of May 2020, together with his brother Gopichand he was the UK's second richest man. Since the 1990s, he had been consistently ranked among the UK and Asia's richest people.

Gopichand Hinduja

Gopichand Parmanand Hinduja (born 29 February 1940) is an Indian-born British billionaire businessman, the co-chairman of the Hinduja Group. As of May 2020, together with his brother Srichand he is the UK's second richest man.

Since the 1990s, he has been ranked many times as one of the UK and Asia's richest people. The "Forbes" List in March 2018 ranked him and his brother GP as the world's 55th richest billionaire family with a wealth of $19.5 billion.

In May 2019 The Hinduja brothers, Gopichand and Srichand, were once again named by the Time UK as the UK's wealthiest people, according to the annual Rich List survey.

Jacqueline Mars

Jacqueline Mars (born October 10, 1939) is an American heiress and investor. She is the daughter of Audrey Ruth (Meyer) and Forrest Mars, Sr.. She is the heir of the American candy company Mars, Incorporated. As of June 2018, Mars was ranked by "Forbes" as the 38th richest person in the world, with a net worth of $23.2 billion.

In 2018, her net worth was US$23.2 billion. Mars was raised in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Her brother, John Franklyn Mars, is also a billionaire.

Fauquier County, Virginia

Fauquier is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 72,972. The county seat is Warrenton.

The county is one of the fastest-growing and richest counties in the United States.

John Franklyn Mars

John Franklyn Mars, KBE (born October 15, 1935) is an American businessman. He was born in Arlington, Virginia.

As a member of the Mars family, his share of the company and other assets were worth US$10 billion in September 2010, making him the 52nd richest person in the world and the 26th richest person in America, according to "Forbes".

As of October 2012, Mars is listed as the 30th richest person in the world with a net worth of 20.1 billion.

In January 2017, he paid $7.7 billion for VCA, Inc, a pet care company.

As of January 2018, Mars had a net worth of $28.1 billion, making him the 32nd-richest person in the world (tied with his sister Jacqueline).

Christopher Kloeble

Christopher Kloeble (born 3 July 1982 Munich) is a German writer and screenwriter. He won the 2008 Jürgen Ponto Stiftung prize for best first novel.

He is the son of Til Erwig. He grew up in Königsdorf in Upper Bavaria. He was a member of the Tölz Boys' Choir. He studied at Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich and German Literature Institute in Leipzig. 

In June 2010 he read the at the Ingeborg Bachmann Competition. He was Max Kade Writer-in-Residence at Georgetown University.


Jorge Paulo Lemann

Jorge Paulo Lemann (born August 26, 1939) is a Brazilian billionaire investment banker, and businessman.

In 1971, Lemann, Carlos Alberto Sicupira and Marcel Herrmann Telles founded the Brazilian investment banking firm Banco Garantia.

In 1994, he suffered a heart attack at age 54.

From 1990 to 2001, he was a member of the board of directors of Companhia Cervejaria Brahma.

As of October 2019, Lemann was ranked 37th richest in the world by "Forbes", with a net worth of .

Joseph Safra

Joseph Safra ( ; 1938 – 10 December 2020) was a Syrian-Brazilian billionaire banker. He ran the Brazilian banking and investment empire, Safra Group.

He was the chairman of all Safra companies, among them Safra National Bank of New York and Banco Safra headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. Safra had a net worth of $24.7 billion. He is Jewish.

Safra died on 10 December 2020 in São Paulo, Brazil at the age of 82.

Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen

Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen (; born 27 December 1947) is a Danish businessman. He is the former president and CEO of The Lego Group from 1979 to 2004.

According to "Forbes", Kristiansen is the third richest Dane, with a net worth of $4.7 billion as of February 2020. He is the grandson of Lego founder Ole Kirk Christiansen.

Lakshmi Mittal

Lakshmi Niwas Mittal (; born 15 June 1950) is an Indian steel businessman. He is the chairman and CEO of ArcelorMittal.

In 2005, "Forbes" ranked Mittal as the third-richest person in the world, making him the first Indian citizen to be ranked in the top ten in the publication's annual list of the world's richest people. In 2007, Mittal was considered to be the richest Asian person in Europe.

Mittal has been a member of the board of directors of Goldman Sachs since 2008.

Arfakiana tree frog

The Arfakiana tree frog ("Litoria arfakiana") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in hills and mountains above the coastal plains.

Lee Kun-hee

Lee Kun-hee (; ; January 9, 1942 – October 25, 2020) was a South Korean businessman. He was the chairman of Samsung Group. In 1996, Lee became a member of the International Olympic Committee. His family has a net worth of , which make them among the Forbes richest people in the world.

He was the third son of Samsung founder Lee Byung-chull.

In May 2014, he was hospitalized for a heart attack and was in a coma.

In 2014, Lee was named the world's 35th most powerful person and the most powerful Korean by Forbes Magazine's List of The World's Most Powerful People along with his son Lee Jae-yong.

He died on 25 October 2020 in Seoul from problems caused by the heart attack he suffered in 2014. He was 78 years old.

Leonardo Del Vecchio

Leonardo Del Vecchio (22 May 1935 – 27 June 2022) was an Italian billionaire businessman. He was the founder and chairman of Luxottica, the world's largest producer and retailer of glasses and lenses.

In January 2020, Del Vecchio had a net worth of $25.8 billion, which made him the richest man in Italy, and the 50th richest in the world.

Del Vecchio died on 27 June 2022 in Milan, Italy from pneumonia at the age of 87.

Ma Huateng

Ma Huateng (, born on October 29, 1971), also known as Pony Ma, is a Chinese businessman, investor, politician, and philanthropist. He is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Tencent.

Masayoshi Son

According to "Forbes" magazine, Son's net worth is US$23 billion, and he is the second richest man in Japan.

In 2016, Son founded the Masason Foundation alongside Nobel Prize laureate Shinya Yamanaka to provide resources to emerging youth innovators worldwide.

Mukesh Ambani

Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani (born 19 April 1957) is an Indian billionaire businessman. He is the chairman, managing director, and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Ltd. (RIL), a Fortune Global 500 company and India's most valuable company by market value. He is currently the second richest man in Asia.

Aru tree frog

The Aru tree frog ("Ranoidea aruensis") is a tree frog that lives on two islands in Indonesia called the Aru Islands.

Pallonji Mistry

Pallonji Shapoorji Mistry (1 June 1929 – 28 June 2022) was an Indian-born Irish billionaire businessman. He was chairman of Shapoorji Pallonji Group. He was the richest Irish person. According to "Forbes", his wealth was US$14.4 billion in October 2019. He was the largest individual shareholder in India's largest private group, Tata Group. His net worth was US$25.7 billion in January 2021.

Mistry died on 28 June 2022 in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 93. His son, Cyrus Mistry, died two months later.

Player versus environment

Player versus environment, also called PvE, is a type of game. The word is used when describing online video games, especially MMORPGs, MUDs, and other online role-playing games. In PvE games, the player fights things that are controlled by the game or computer, not by other players. This is different from another type of game, called PvP, where people fight other people. Players can play PvE games by themselves, with other people, or with people also controlled by the game.


Ranoidea auae

Ranoidea auae is a frog from Papua New Guinea. People have seen it at an elevation of 600 meters above sea level. It lives on short plants near forests.

These frogs can grow to 5.5 cm long.

Philip Anschutz

Philip Frederick Anschutz ( ; born December 28, 1939) is an American billionaire businessman. He owns and controls many companies. His name appears on medical and educational institutions to because he has donated millions. 

Anschutz has been described as a Christian conservative, who has donated to openly antigay, anti-transgender, and anti-abortion causes.

In 1961, he bought out his father's oil drilling company, Circle A Drilling, and earned large returns in Wyoming. He invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. 

He expanded his investments to sports and entertainment companies, co-founding the American association football/soccer league Major League Soccer as well as multiple soccer teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. 

Anschutz is the principal owner of the National Hockey League's Los Angeles Kings and is a minority owner of the National Basketball Association's Los Angeles Lakers. 

Through the AEG Live, he owns the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. He is also the namesake of CU Anschutz, the medical campus of the University of Colorado.

As of October 2019, "Forbes" ranked him the 41st richest person in the U.S., with a net worth of $11.5 billion.

Stefan Persson

Carl Stefan Erling Persson (; born 4 October 1947) is a Swedish businessman.

In March 2013, Forbes reported Persson's net worth as $28 billion. making him the richest of Sweden's 12 billionaires and the 17th richest person in the world;

Persson is the chairman and main shareholder in fashion company H&M, which was founded by his father Erling Persson in 1947.

Stefano Pessina

Stefano Pessina (born June 4, 1941) is an Italian-Monegasque billionaire businessman. He is the vice chairman, chief executive officer (CEO), and the largest single shareholder of Walgreens Boots Alliance.

Susanne Klatten

Susanne Hanna Ursula Klatten (nee Quandt, born 28 April 1962) is a German billionaire heiress. She is the daughter of Herbert and Johanna Quandt. She is known for having financial holdings with BMW and Altana.

As of June 2020, her net worth was US$22.0 billion, making her the richest woman in Germany and the 54th richest person in the world.

Herbert Quandt

Herbert Werner Quandt (22 June 1910 – 2 June 1982) was a German businessman. He was seen as the businessman that saved BMW when it was at the point of bankruptcy and made a huge profit in doing so.

Kwok Tak-seng

Kwok Tak-seng OBE (12 March 1911 – 30 October 1990) was a Hong Kong businessman. He was the founder of Sun Hung Kai Properties, one of the major property developers in Hong Kong.

Kwong Siu-hing

Kwong Siu-hing, or sometimes Kwok Kwong Siu-hing (; born 1929), is the matriarch of the Kwok family.

She controls Sun Hung Kai Properties, the largest property developer in Hong Kong.

As of 2008, Kwong controls about 41.53% of SHK Properties' shares through a family trust, so she became the largest shareholder of the company.

Vagit Alekperov

Vagit Yusufovich Alekperov (, ; born 1 September 1950) is an Azerbaijani and Russian businessman. He is the president of the leading Russian oil company LUKOIL.

As of 2019 he was seen by "Forbes" magazine as the third richest person in Russia with a net worth of $21.1 billion and the 46th richest person in the world.

Vladimir Lisin

Vladimir Sergeyevich Lisin (born 7 May 1956) is a Russian billionaire businessman. He is the chairman and majority shareholder of Novolipetsk (NLMK), one of the four largest steel companies in Russia.

According to "Forbes" he was the richest man in Russia and 48th richest in the world in 2013. As of 2018, his estimated net worth is $20.6 billion.

Summit, Illinois

Summit (or Summit-Argo) is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 11,161 at the 2020 census.

The village is best known as the setting to Ernest Hemingway's 1927 short story "The Killers".

Cyril Nauth

Cyril Nauth (born on in Dijon), is a French politician.

Cyril Nauth was born on 19 December 1981in dijon city. He's mayor of Mantes-la-Ville since 2014.

Debt is down 16% with no increase in taxes.

Money, Mississippi

Money is an unincorporated Mississippi Delta community near Greenwood in Leflore County, Mississippi, United States. It has fewer than 100 residents. 

Money is located on a railroad line along the Tallahatchie River, a tributary of the Yazoo River in the eastern part of the Mississippi Delta. The community has ZIP code 38945 in the Greenwood, Mississippi micropolitan area.

Money was the location where Emmett Till was murdered by racists.

Le Parisien

Le Parisien (; French for "The Parisian") is a French daily newspaper. It has both international and national news, and local news of Paris and its suburbs. 

It is owned by LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, better known as LVMH.

Jean Raspail

Jean Raspail (July 5, 1925 – June 13, 2020) was a French author, traveler and explorer. He was born in Chemillé-sur-Dême, Indre-et-Loire.

Many of his books are written about historical figures. He won the Grand Prix du Roman and Grand Prix de littérature by the Académie française. He is best known for his controversial 1973 novel "The Camp of the Saints". 

Raspail died on June 13, 2020 in Paris at the age of 94 years old.

Edward C. Meyer

Edward Charles "Shy" Meyer (December 11, 1928 – October 13, 2020) was a United States Army general. He was the 29th Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1979 to 1983.

Meyer was born in St. Marys, Pennsylvania. He died of pneumonia on October 13, 2020 in Arlington, Virginia at the age of 91.

John A. Wickham Jr.

John Adams Wickham Jr. (born June 25, 1928) is a retired United States Army general who served as the United States Army Chief of Staff from 1983 to 1987.

Wickham was born on June 25, 1928, in Dobbs Ferry, New York. He worked at the United States Military Academy as a social sciences instructor, from 1956 to 1960.

Robert W. Sennewald

Robert William Sennewald (November 21, 1929 – March 17, 2023) was a United States Army general.

Sennewald was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was commissioned in 1951 through the Reserve Officer Training Corps. He studied at Iowa State University.

Sennewald was Commander in Chief, U.N. Command/Commander in Chief, ROK/U.S. Combined Forces Command/Commander, U.S. Forces Korea/Commanding General, Eighth U.S. Army (CINCUNC/CINCCFC/COMUSFK/CG EUSA) from 1982 to 1984.

He also was Commanding General, U.S. Army Forces Command (CG FORSCOM) from 1984 to 1986. Sennewald was promoted to four star rank on May 24, 1982.

He retired from the U.S. Army in 1986. He died on March 17, 2023, at the age of 93.

William R. Richardson

General William Rowland Richardson (born March 25, 1929) is a retired U.S. Army four-star general. He was Commander of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command.

He was born in Taichow, Kiangsu, China to missionary parents. Richardson graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1951.

Richardson served as Commander of the Combined Arms Center and Commandant of the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth from 1979 to 1981. He was the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans from 1981 to 1983, and in 1983, he became Commander of the U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command, retiring from this position in 1986.

Paul F. Gorman

Paul Francis Gorman (born August 25, 1927) is a retired United States Army general. He was Commander in Chief of the United States Southern Command (USCINCSO) from 1983 to 1985.

Gorman began his military service as an enlisted sailor in the United States Navy. He was appointed to the United States Military Academy, graduating in 1950.



Wallace H. Nutting

Wallace Hall Nutting (born June 3, 1928) is a retired United States Army general. He was Commander in Chief, United States Southern Command (USCINCSOUTH) from 1979 to 1983 and as Commander in Chief, United States Readiness Command (USCINCRED) from 1983 to 1985.

From 2003 to 2007, he was Mayor of Biddeford, Maine.

Robert W. RisCassi

Robert William RisCassi (born January 18, 1936) is a retired United States Army four-star general. He was Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army (VCSA) from 1989 to 1990.

RisCassi was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He is a 1958 graduate of the University of Connecticut.

He was awarded the University of Connecticut Distinguished Alumni Award in 1989.

Edwin H. Burba Jr.

General Edwin Hess Burba Jr. (born September 13, 1936) is a retired four-star general. He was Commander-In-Chief of the United States Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) from 1989 to 1993.

Leon E. Salomon

General Leon E. Salomon (born 27 April 1936) is an American general.

Following his promotion to Brigadier General in 1986, he was named the 23rd Chief of Ordnance and Commandant of the U.S. Army Ordnance Center and School at Aberdeen Proving Ground.

During his two-year tenure, he worked to improve the training, doctrine and evaluation programs at the Ordnance School.

Salomon was elected to the GRC International Board of Directors.

From 1996 to 1998, he was vice president for procurement and logistics for Rubbermaid and senior vice president for procurement at Rubbermaid from 1998 to 1999. He is on the board of directors for Global Security Management,

Lauren Sánchez

Lauren Wendy Sánchez (born December 19, 1969) is an Emmy Award-winning American news anchor, entertainment journalist, media personality, actress, producer, pilot and entrepreneur.

Sánchez is a guest host on "The View", former co-host on KTTV Fox 11's "Good Day LA" and anchor on the Fox 11 "Ten O'clock News", and anchor and special correspondent on "Extra."

Sánchez has also been a regular contributor on shows including "Larry King Live", "The Joy Behar Show" and "Showbiz Tonight".

She had an affair with billionaire Jeff Bezos.

MacKenzie Scott

MacKenzie Scott (née Tuttle, formerly Bezos; born April 7, 1970) is an American novelist, activist, and philanthropist. She has been the world's richest woman since September 2020.

She has been the executive director of Bystander Revolution, an anti-bullying organization she founded, since 2014.

MacKenzie was married to Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon and Blue Origin, from 1993 to 2019. Their divorce made her the third-richest woman in the world and one of the richest people overall by April 2019.

In June 2020, it was revealed by Forbes magazine that she is the 22nd richest person in the world, largely thanks to her $38 billion divorce settlement.

In September 2020, she was named the world's richest woman with a net worth of over $60 billion.

Blue Origin

Blue Origin Federation, LLC is an American privately funded aerospace manufacturer and spaceflight services company headquartered in Kent, Washington. The company was founded in 2000 by Jeff Bezos and is led by CEO Bob Smith.

The company has taken 32 tourists into space, as of September 2022.


The New Glenn launch vehicle (or carrier rocket) will have its first launch no earlier than 2023's fourth quarter; It can launch satellites.

Kuiper Systems, a subsidiary of the company Amazon, has contracts to launch satellites into space; The use of New Glenn rockets, is a part of the contract.

The company motto is "Gradatim Ferociter", Latin for "Step by Step, Ferociously."


Araceli Herrero Figueroa

Araceli Herrero Figueroa (22 June 1948 – 10 June 2020) was a Spanish writer. Herrero Figueroa was a philologist who focused on the study of the Galician language. She was a professor at the University of Santiago de Compostela. Herrero Figueroa born in Lugo.

Herrero Figueroa died during the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain in Lugo from the virus on 10 June 2020, aged 71.

Vera Gancheva

Vera Gancheva (Bulgarian: Вера Лалева Ганчева, 23 February 1943 – 10 June 2020) was a Bulgarian translator. She would translate works from Scandinavian languages to Bulgarian. She was also a publisher and author. She studied and worked at the Sofia University. She was born in Sofia.

She was in 1990 nominating juror for the Neustadt International Prize for Literature.

Gancheva died on 10 June 2020 in Sofia, aged 77.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bhutan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Bhutan on 6 March 2020.

On 6 March 2020, Bhutan confirmed its first COVID-19 case, a 76-year-old US male who travelled to the country through India. 

Around 90 people who came directly in contact with him, along with his 59-year-old partner, driver, and guide were quarantined.

Farmers reported large increases in sales, as Bhutanese buy local produce, due to facing import hurdles.

All schools were closed countrywide, leaving almost 190,000 students to attend classes online. Printed study material were given to students that do not have access to the internet, in addition to radio broadcasts.

Bhutan Airlines suspended all flights, leaving only Druk Air to provide air transport to and from Bhutan. As of March 23, only one tourist was still remaining in the country.

COVID-19 pandemic in Taiwan

The COVID-19 pandemic in Taiwan is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The pandemic has had a much smaller impact in Taiwan, with a total of seven deaths as of 28 November 2020. The number of active cases peaked on 6 April at 307 cases, the majority of which came from other countries.

The virus was confirmed to have spread to Taiwan on 21 January 2020, from a 50-year-old woman who had been teaching in Wuhan, China. 

Taiwan's handling of the outbreak has received international praise for its effectiveness in quarantining people. 

As of 28 November, 248,625 tests had been conducted in Taiwan with the vast majority not confirming a COVID-19 diagnosis.

Kartvelian languages

The Kartvelian languages are a language family. They are spoken in Georgia. The main language in the family is Georgian. There are two branches of Kartvelian languages: the Karto-Zan languages and the Svan language. There are around 5.2 million speakers of Kartvelian languages.

Ariana Governorate

Ariana Governorate ( "") is one of the twenty-four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the northern part of the country. It covers an area of 482 km². As of the 2014 census, 576,088 people lived there. The capital is Aryanah.

Aslan Bzhania

Aslan Georgievich Bzhania (, ; born 6 April 1963) is an Abkhaz politician. He became President of Abkhazia on 23 April 2020. He was the Head of the State Security Service, and one of the leaders of the opposition in Abkhazia.

In 2019, he was poisoned with mercury and was hospitalized for months in Moscow. 

He ran in the 2020 presidential election, which preliminary reports show he won.

Karto-Zan languages

The Karto-Zan languages, also known as Georgian-Zan languages, are a branch of Kartvelian languages. They are spoken mainly in Georgia. There are two branches of the branch: Georgian and the Zan languages. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Abkhazia

The Chinese pandemic was confirmed to have reached Abkhazia in April 2020.

On 30 March, a case was confirmed in a person who arrived from Moscow, Russia. The test, however, was conducted in Zugdidi, Georgia, where the patient is being treated. Abkhazia itself had no confirmed cases at the time.

On 26 April, the first death from the virus was confirmed in Gudauta. The patient was the third confirmed case back on 11 April.

As of 9 June, 36 cases had been identified, eight of which had been hospitalized.

COVID-19 pandemic in Sierra Leone

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Sierra Leone on 31 March 2020.

The president of Sierra Leone, Julius Maada Bio, confirmed the country's first case of coronavirus disease 2019 on 31 March, a 37-year-old man who traveled from France on 16 March and had been in isolation since.

On 21 April, it was announced that President Julius Maada Bio was self isolating following a positive test for the virus by one of his body guards.

On 23 April, the first death of a 76-year-old male was reported, followed by a 69-year-old male later in the day. Both cases were in people taken to hospital and found to be infected after death. All those infected and in isolation remained in a stable condition.

On 24 April, a third death was reported of a 37-year-old male.

From 1 June, wearing of face masks became mandatory. Also on this day, frontline workers declared a strike because of unpaid salaries.

Ernest Bai Koroma

Ernest Bai Koroma (born 2 October 1953) is a Sierra Leonean politician. He was the fourth President of Sierra Leone from 17 September 2007 to 4 April 2018.

Béja Governorate

Béja Governorate ( "") is one of the twenty-four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the northern part of the country. It covers an area of 3,740 km². As of the 2014 census, 303,032 people lived there. The capital is Béja.

Carmen Machi

María del Carmen Machi Arroyo, professionally known as Carmen Machi (born 7 January 1963) is a Spanish actress. She's mostly known for her role as Aída García in "7 vidas" and "Aída".

She has also starred in "Hable con ella" (2002), "Descongélate" (2003), "Los Amantes Pasajeros" (2013), "Ocho apellidos vascos" (2014) and "Ocho apellidos catalanes" (2015).

Juliana Awada

María Juliana Awada (born April 3, 1974) is an Argentine socialite. She was the First Lady of Argentina, from 2015 until 2019. She is the wife of former President Mauricio Macri.

She is the first First Lady of Argentina to receive the honor of the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic in 70 years and the second in history after Eva Perón in 1947. 

In 2016 she was chosen the most elegant First Lady in the world by "¡Hola!" magazine.

Ben Arous Governorate

Ben Arous Governorate ( "") is one of the twenty-four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the northeastern part of the country. It covers an area of 761 km². As of 2014 census, 631,842 people lived there. The capital is Ben Arous.

90s

The 90s was the decade that started on January 1, 90 AD, and ended on December 31, 99 AD. Durning the 90s the 10th decade began On January 1, 91 AD which is the 10th decade of the 1st century and the 1st millennium.

Fabiola Yáñez

Fabiola Andrea Yáñez (born 14 July 1981) is an Argentine journalist and actress who was the First Lady of Argentina from 2019 to 2023. She is the domestic partner of President Alberto Fernández, with whom she has been since 2014.

In September 2021, it was announced that Yáñez was ten weeks pregnant. Yáñez and Fernández's son, Francisco Fernández Yáñez, was born on 11 April 2022 at Sanatorio Otamendi, in Buenos Aires.

Casa Rosada

The Casa Rosada (, ) is the executive mansion and office of the President of Argentina located in Buenos Aires. "Casa Rosada" is Spanish for "Pink House".

The mansion is known officially as "Casa de Gobierno", ("House of Government" or "Government House"). 

Normally, the President lives at the Quinta de Olivos, the official residence of the President of Argentina, which is located in Olivos, Greater Buenos Aires.

The color of the Casa Rosada is baby pink. The building also houses a museum, which contains objects relating to former presidents of Argentina. It has been declared a National Historic Monument of Argentina.


Kasserine Governorate

Kasserine Governorate ( "") is one of the twenty-four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the west-central part of the country. It covers an area of 8,260 km². As of the 2014 census, 439,243 people lived there. The capital is Kasserine.

Bizerte Governorate

Bizerte Governorate ( "") is one of the 24 governorates of Tunisia. It is in the northern part of the country. It covers an area of 3,750 km². As of the 2014 census, 568,219 people lived there. The capital is Bizerte.

Green and golden bell frog

The green and golden bell frog ("Litoria aurea") is a frog from Australia, but it also lives in New Zealand as an invasive specie.

Male adult frogs can be 5.7 to 6.9 cm long. Female adult frogs can be 6.5 to 10.8 cm long. These frogs are green with bronze spots. They have black stripes from their noses over their ears and down their bodies. Their bellies are white and parts of their legs can be bright blue. These frogs have teeth.

Green and golden bell frogs do not climb well. They like to live near permanent bodies of water and temporary bodies of water that have no fish in them. Adult frogs eat anything they can, even other green and golden bell frogs.

The frogs lay 3000-10,000 eggs at a time. At first, the eggs float together on top of the water, but then they sink. The tadpoles eat algae, bacteria and dead things.

There used to be so many green and golden bell frogs that people would catch them to feed to snakes or to use in school dissection classes. By the 1990s, there were fewer green and golden bell frogs. Scientists say this is because of habitat fragmentation, which means people building things in between places where the frogs live, and because of invasive species such as the mosquito fish that eat green and golden bell frog tadpoles.

In 2000, people building tennis courts for the 2000 Summer Olympics saw green and golden bell frogs nearby, so they stopped building.

This frog is an invasive specie in New Zealand. In the 1860s, the Auckland Acclimatisation Society released the frog in New Zealand on purpose. The frogs on the South Island all died because the weather was not good for them. Today, it lives on New Zealand's North Island.

TV Vader

TV Vader or Epoch TV-Vader is a home video game console. It was released by Epoch Co. in 1980 only in Japan. It was sold for 15,000 or 16,500 yen. It is the successor to the Cassette TV Game and the predecessor to the Cassette Vision. 

With the console, it is only possible to play one game: a colored version of "Space Invaders".

TV Tennis Electrotennis

TV Tennis Electrotennis is a home video game console. It was released by Epoch Co. on September 12, 1975 only in Japan. It was sold for 19,000 yen. It is the first video game console released in Japan.

About 10,000 consoles were sold.

Turnir (console)

Turnir is a home video game console. It was released in 1978 only in the Soviet Union. It was sold for 150 Russian ruble in 1978 and 96 Russian ruble in the end of the 1990s.


Ilam province

Ilam Province (, ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Ilam.

Kerman province

Kerman Province (, "Ostān-e Kermān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Kerman.

Qazvin province

Qazvin Province (, "Ostān-e Qazvīn") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Qazvin.

Kermanshah province

Kermanshah Province (, ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Kermanshah. The province was known from 1969 to 1986 as Kermanshahan and from 1986 to 1995 as Bakhtaran.

Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad province

Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province (, "Ostān-e Kohgīlūye va Būyer-Ahmad"; Luri:
استان کهگیلویه و بِیرَمَد, "Ostān-e Kohgīrūye-o Beyramad" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Yasuj.

Ngerulmud

Ngerulmud is the capital city of Palau, a small island country in the Pacific Ocean. It became the capital in 2006, replacing the previous capital, Melekeok. Ngerulmud is located in the state of Melekeok on Babeldaob, the largest island in Palau. The name Ngerulmud comes from a Palauan phrase meaning "place of fermented angelfish". The city was built with a loan from Taiwan and has buildings for the government, including the legislative, judicial, and executive branches. Ngerulmud is not a very big city, with a population of just 318 people in the state where it is located.

Eugen Ewig

Eugen Ewig (18 May 1913, Bonn – 1 March 2006) was a German historian who researched the history of the early Middle Ages. He taught at the University of Mainz and Bonn University. He was considered an expert in the Merovingian period. In 1958, he founded the German Historical Research Center in Paris.

He studied at the Beethoven grammar school in Bonn, with Hermann Platz. He studied with Wilhelm Levison, and Ernst Robert Curtius. He trained as an archivist at Institute for Archive Science and History in Berlin-Dahlem. He worked at the Lorraine State Archives in Metz. He was interned after the war, but he was released in February / March 1945.

From 1946 until 1949, he was a lecturer at University of Nancy. From 1946 to 1964, he taught at University of Mainz. With help from Konrad Adenauer, he founded the German Historical Institute in Paris. They sponsored German and French historians.

From 1964 to 1980, he taught at University of Bonn.


Copra

Copra is the dried inside of coconuts, the fruit of the coconut palm. This is usually a white substance, which is high in vegetable oil. Usually, it is processed into coconut oil. The name comes from Malayalam: In Malayalam, "koppara" meams dried coconut. What is left after the oil has been extracted is known as coconut cake, and used as food for livestock.

Coconut oil

Coconut oil, or copra oil, is an edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of mature coconuts harvested from the coconut palm ("Cocos nucifera"). It has different applications. Because of its high saturated fat content, it is slow to oxidize. For this reason, it can last up to six months at without spoiling.

Medishe

Medishe is a heritage site just north of Jidali in Sanaag, Somalia. It was one of the first places bombed in African history, during raids against the Sayyidka. Sayyidka led a Dhulbahante state called Darawiish, a successor state to the Dhulbahante garadship. Medishe is a place settled by the Ugaadhyahan subtribe of Dhulbahante. 

Laz, Finistère

Laz () is a commune in Brittany in the Finistère department in northwest France.

Lennon, Finistère

Lennon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lesneven

Lesneven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Agey

Agey is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Foncegrive

Foncegrive is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Bierre-lès-Semur

Bierre-lès-Semur is a former commune in the Côte-d'Or department. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Le Val-Larrey.

Cormot-le-Grand

Cormot-le-Grand is a former commune in the Côte-d'Or department. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Cormot-Vauchignon.

Ivry-en-Montagne

Ivry-en-Montagne is a former commune in the Côte-d'Or department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-Mont.

Pomeroy, Ohio

Pomeroy is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Meigs County.

Middleport, Ohio

Middleport is a village in Ohio in the United States.

Irwin County, Georgia

Irwin County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 9,666 people lived there. The county seat is Ocilla.

Leuhan

Leuhan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

The Last Picture Show

The Last Picture Show is a 1971 American drama movie directed by Peter Bogdanovich and based on the novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry. It stars Jeff Bridges, Timothy Bottoms, Cybill Shepherd, Ellen Burstyn, Ben Johnson, Cloris Leachman, Eileen Brennan, Clu Gulager, Randy Quaid. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1972. It was followed up by "Texasville" in 1990.


FIFA Futsal World Cup

The FIFA Futsal World Cup is the international competition for men's national teams of Futsal, the indoor version of football organized by FIFA. The tournament is held every 4 years, and on the even year between each FIFA World Cup. For example, if the World Cup is in 2018 and 2022, the Futsal World Cup would be held in 2020 between the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.

The first event was held in 1989 in the Netherlands. The current champion is Argentina. They won the 2016 tournament.

Finnish alphabet

The Finnish alphabet has 29 letters. They are: A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z, Å, Ä and Ö. The letters Š and Ž, which are only used in borrowed words, are almost never used and not a part of the Finnish alphabet. Instead, they are seen as different forms of S and Z.

The letter G only occurs in original Finnish words in the combination NG, not by itself. The letters B, C and F only occur in newly borrowed words, and thus used to not be part of the Finnish alphabaet until recent times. The letters Q, W, X, Z and Å, along with the Š and Ž, are only used in borrowed words from different languages and are almost absent in Finnish.

Cremilda Santana

Cremilda Santana dos Santos (Ilhéus, May 15, 1946) as Gaga de Ilhéus is a Brazilian actress and comedian .

She became known between 2015 and 2017 for participating in the boards of the program "<nowiki>Pânico</nowiki> na Band" as "<nowiki>"</nowiki>As Gagas de" "Ilhéus"<nowiki>", '</nowiki>"'Desempregagas"'' and "<nowiki>"Largagas e Peladas"</nowiki>." 


Norm Macdonald

Norman Gene Macdonald (October 17, 1959 – September 14, 2021) was a Canadian stand-up comedian, writer and actor. He was a cast member for five seasons of "Saturday Night Live" from 1993 to 1998. He wrote for the sitcom "Roseanne". He co-created and starred in "The Norm Show" (1999–2001) and "A Minute with Stan Hooper" (2003). He hosted the podcast "Norm Macdonald Live" from 2013 to 2018. He also appeared as Mitch Weaver in the movie "Dirty Work" and as Lucky in five "Dr. Dolittle" movies.

Macdonald was born in Quebec City. In 1988, he married Connie Vaillancourt. They legally separated in 1999. He had a son, Dylan (born 1993).

In 2013, Macdonald was diagnosed with multiple myeloma. The cancer was in remission until 2020, when it developed into myelodysplastic syndrome and then to acute myeloid leukemia.

Macdonald died from acute myeloid leukemia in Pasadena, California, on September 14, 2021. He was 61. He had been diagnosed with the disease nine years before his death.


Abbas Abdi

Abbas Abdi (; ; born 1 October 1956) is one of Iran's most influential reformists, journalists, self-taught sociologists and social activists.

Behrouz Afagh

Behrouz Afagh () is Head of BBC World Service's Asia & Pacific Region.

Liana Aghajanian

Liana Aghajanian is an Armenian-American journalist. She specializes in longform, narrative story telling and international reporting. Aghajanian was born in Tehran, Iran and raised in Los Angeles, California. Currently she lives and writes in Detroit, Michigan.

Alireza Alavitabar

Alireza Alavitabar (; born 1960) is an Iranian political scientist and a leading reformist intellectual and writer.

Masih Alinejad

Masoumeh "Masih" Alinejad-Ghomi (, born 11 September 1976) is an Iranian journalist author, political activist, and women's rights activist. Contracted by the U.S. Agency for Global Media, Alinejad currently works as a presenter/producer at VOA Persian Service, a correspondent for Radio Farda, a frequent contributor to Manoto television, and a contributing editor to "IranWire".

Richey Edwards

Richard James Edwards (born 22 December 1967 – missing since 1 February 1995; declared dead 23 November 2008) was a Welsh musician. He was best known as the lyricist and rhythm guitarist of the alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. He gained cult status for his songwriting and appearance. Having been called a leading lyricist of his generation, he was part of a movement now known as Cool Cymru. Edwards was born in Blackwood, Monmouthshire.

Edwards went missing on 1 February 1995 at the age of 27. His car was later found near the Severn Bridge, a known suicide spot. It is widely believed that Edwards had jumped from the bridge. He was declared dead "in absentia" on 23 November 2008.

Maryam Amid

Maryam Amid-Semnani () was an Iranian intellectual and journalist active during the early 20th century. In Iran, she is remembered for founding "Shokufeh", an influential women's magazine. She also established the Iranian Women's Society, which reportedly had 5,000 members at the peak of its popularity.


Hugo, a vizilo

Hugo the Hippo () is a 1975 Hungarian animated family drama movie directed by Józzef Gémes and starring Ferenc Bessenyei, Burl Ives, Robert Morley, Paul Lynde, László Márkus. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Loreto Aprutino

Loreto Aprutino (Abruzzese: "Lûrëtë") is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in Abruzzo, Italy. In 2019, it has 7,342 people.

Tomorrow Morning (movie)

Tomorrow Morning (, "Sutra ujutru") is a 2006 Serbian drama movie directed by Oleg Novković. It stars Uliks Fehmiu and Nada Šargin.

Washed Out (movie)

Washed Out () is a 1995 Croatian drama movie directed by Zrinko Ogresta. It stars Katarina Bistrović-Darvaš, Josip Kučan and Mustafa Nadarević.

Waterford Crystal

Waterford Crystal is a company which makes crystal glass in the city of Waterford, Ireland. The brand is owned by the Fiskars Group Ltd. The company was started in 1947 in Waterford.

In January 2009, the main Waterford Crystal base was closed due to the lack of funds of Waterford Wedgwood PLC. In June 2010, Waterford Crystal relocated to The Mall in Waterford city centre and the business restarted. This new location is now home to a factory that melts over 750 tons of crystal a year, although most Waterford Crystal is now produced outside Ireland. This new facility offers visitors the opportunity to take guided tours of the factory and also offers a retail store, showcasing the world's largest collection of Waterford Crystal.

The first crystal glass production in Waterford dates back to 1783 when George Penrose and his nephew William Penrose started their business. It produced very fine flint glass that became world famous. Their Waterford company closed in 1851, and re-opened 100 years later.

In 1947, Czech immigrant Charles Bacik, grandfather of Irish senator Ivana Bacik, established a glassworks in the city. Skilled crystal glass workers were not available in Ireland so continental Europeans were used. Assisted by fellow countryman and designer Miroslav Havel, the company started operations in a depressed Ireland. By the early 1950s it had been taken over as a subsidiary of the Irish Glass Bottle company, owned by Joseph McGrath (Irish politician), Richard Duggan and Spencer Freeman of the Irish Hospitals' Sweepstake, who were heavy investors in Irish business at that time.

In 1970 John Aynsley and Sons was taken over by Waterford and renamed Aynsley China Ltd.

In 1987 the company merged with Josiah Wedgwood and Sons Ltd. The new company was called Waterford Wedgwood plc.  

Jasper Conran began designing his signature range of crystal for Waterford in 1999. The endeavour has evolved into four unique lines for Waterford and a complementary tableware collection in fine bone china for Wedgwood in 2001. The Chinese fashion designer John Rocha started designing a range of cut crystal stemware and vases in collaboration with glass designer Marcus Notley in 2001.

On 11 May 2015 in a deal that happened in July 2015, the Fiskars Corporation, a Finnish maker of products for the home, agreed to buy 100% of the holdings of WWRD. On 2 July 2015 the purchase of WWRD by Fiskars Corporation was completed including brands Waterford, Wedgwood, Royal Doulton, Royal Albert, and Rogaška. This was approved by the US antitrust authorities.

Most Waterford crystal glass is now produced outside Ireland in countries such as Slovenia, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Germany. Waterford produces many patterns of lead crystal glass stemware, including lines such as "Adare, Alana, Colleen, Kincora, Lismore, Maeve, Tramore", and many others.

In 1966 Waterford's chandeliers were installed in Westminster Abbey, London, England for the 900th anniversary of the dedication of the abbey after Christoper Hildyard, a minor canon of the abbey for 45 years, convinced the Guinness family to pay for them. Chandeliers hang in other notable buildings, such as Windsor Castle, and the Kennedy Center, Washington, D.C. Waterford Crystal made the 2,688 crystals for the famous New Year's Eve Ball that is dropped each year in New York City's Times Square. The ball is an geodesic orb, in diameter and is lit by 32,256 Lumileds Luxeon Rebel LEDs.

One of the most popular products in their collection is the "Apprentice Bowl". It requires 600 precision cuts, all done by hand. Cutters would set out to complete this bowl in their fifth and final year of apprenticeship. They were only permitted three attempts, where the cutter would then be graded and if they passed it would receive the Waterford Crystal watermark.

Sporting trophies are also crafted by Waterford, such as the Masters Series crystal shield trophies that are awarded to the winner of each of the nine men's professional tennis Masters Series tournaments, the AFCA National Championship Trophy that is awarded to the US college football team which finishes the season at the top of the Coaches Poll, and a representation of the Ashes urn that is presented to the winners of the Test cricket series between England and Australia. The trophy for the Masters snooker championship is also made by Waterford Crystal, as is the Scottish Open snooker championship trophy.

Also crafted by Waterford are the winning trophies for the French, Belgian and German Grand Prix in Formula One, a bat and ball trophy presented at the final game at Yankee Stadium to Derek Jeter and a glass tennis racket for Boris Becker. They also design the trophies for the People's Choice Awards.


I Often Think of Piroschka

I Often Think of Piroschka () is a 1955 West German romantic comedy movie directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Liselotte Pulver, Gunnar Möller, Wera Frydtberg. It is based on the novel of the same name by Hugo Hartung and was distributed by Bavaria Film.

Sabians

The Sabians is a type of monotheistic people of the Book, mentioned three times in the al-Quran. The Sabians are the Mandaeans, the Hermetics and the Jewish-Christian group of Elcesaites.

Queen Bee (movie)

Queen Bee is a 1955 American crime drama movie directed by Ranald MacDougall and based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Edna L. Lee. It stars Joan Crawford, John Ireland, Betsy Palmer, Fay Wray, Barry Sullivan and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1956.


Race with the Devil

Race with the Devil is a 1975 American action horror movie directed by Jack Starrett and starring Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, Loretta Swit, Lara Parker, R. G. Armstrong, Clay Tanner. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Nickel Ride

The Nickel Ride is a 1974 American crime movie directed by Robert Mulligan and stars Jason Miller, Linda Haynes, Victor French, John Hillermann, Bo Hopkins, Harvey Gold. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Harry and Tonto

Harry and Tonto is a 1974 American comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Art Carney, Herbert Berghof, Ellen Burstyn, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Larry Hagman, Chief Dan George, Melanie Mayron, Cliff DeYoung. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 2 Oscars and won Academy Award in 1975.


Sushant Singh Rajput

Sushant Singh Rajput (21 January 1986 – 14 June 2020) was an Indian actor, dancer, television personality and philanthropist. He appeared in TV shows such as "Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil" and "Pavitra Rishta". Rajput's movie roles include "Kai Po Che!" (2013), "Detective Byomkesh Bakshy!" (2015), "M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story" (2016), "Chhichhore" (2019), "Dil Bechara"(2020).

Rajput was born in Patna, Bihar. He dated actress Ankita Lokhande for six years. Before getting first break, he worked as a background dancer.

On 14 June 2020, Rajput was found dead at his home in Bandra, Mumbai. His death was reported to have been a suicide by hanging. He was 34. Rajput's death was controversial, with some people on social media alleging that his death was a "planned murder". On 17 July 2020, Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh gave a statement, saying that "The Mumbai Police is competent enough to handle such cases and they are investigating every aspect of the case including professional rivalry. As of now, we do not see any foul play. Details of the investigation will be shared once it is completed."

Keekozhur

Keekozhur is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Keekozhur.

Keekozhur is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Keezhukara

Keezhukara is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Keezhukara.

Keezhukara is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kidangannoor

Kidangannoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kidangannoor.

Kidangannoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kizhakkenmuthoor

Kizhakkenmuthoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kizhakkenmuthoor.

Kizhakkenmuthoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).




Rzepin

Rzepin () is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 6,529 people lived there.

Kodumon

Kodumon is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kodumon.

Kodumon is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kodumthara

Kodumthara is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kodumthara.

Kodumthara is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Koipuram

Koipuram is a village in Pathanamthitta District, in the state of Kerala, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Koipuram.

Koipuram is a census village with 7319 families. The population of Koipuram area is 26425, of which 12231 are males while 14194 are females. 

Koipuram is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kollamula

Kollamula is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kollamula.

 India census, Kollamula had a population of 22,765 with 11,171 males and 11,594 females.

Kollamula is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Konnithazham

Konnithazham is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Konnithazham.

 India census, Konnithazham had a population of 14666 with 6962 males and 7704 females.

Konnithazham is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Habersham County, Georgia

Habersham County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 46,031 people lived there. The county seat is Clarkesville.

It is named for Joseph Habersham, a slave owner and veteran of the American War for Independence.



Clarkesville, Georgia

Clarkesville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Habersham County.

Snellville, Georgia

Snellville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Gwinnett County.

Batesville, Mississippi

Batesville is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is one of the two county seats of Panola County.

Coffeeville, Mississippi

Coffeeville is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is one of the two county seats of Yalobusha County.

Flávia Vigna

Flavia Vigna (born 7 December 1990) is a Brazilian water polo player. She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain, where they finished 14th.


Dana Harvey

Dana Harvey (born 5 February 1989) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 FINA World Championship.

She was educated at Rangitoto College. She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team and California State University, Northridge's women's water polo team.

Alexandra Myles

Alexandra Jasmine Myles (born 17 October 1990) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

Lynlee Smith

Lynlee Smith (born 13 September 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She was born in Auckland. She was educated at Westlake Girls High School. She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team.


Rebecca McGuinness

Rebecca McGuinness (born 1 July 1981) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships and 2009 World Aquatics Championships. 

Brooke Millar

Brooke Ali Millar (born 14 October 1990) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2015 FINA Women's Water Polo World League Intercontinental Cup.

She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.

Kimberley rockhole frog

The Kimberley rockhole frog ("Litoria aurifera") is a small frog from northern Australia. It lives in the Kimberley area. It was first found in the Prince Regent River by two plant scientists.

Adult frogs are about 22 mm long from nose to rear end. They live in rockholes and streams with rocky bottoms. They are so small and light that they can skip across the top of the water like a skipping stone.

They lay 60-110 eggs at a time, in different places instead of large groups of eggs like other frogs. The tadpoles have dark black bodies and tails with bright gold spots. They eat algae and their mouths have suckers so they can hold onto rocks in fast streams. They are about 1 cm long when they become frogs.

The Latin name "aurifera" means "carrying gold."

Carina Harache

Carina Harache (born 6 February 1984) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2010 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.


Emily Cox

Emily Laura Cox (born 14 April 1984 in Ottawa, Canada) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

She was born in Canada to parents from New Zealand. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Beck's tree frog

Beck's tree frog ("Ranoidea becki") is a large tree frog from Papua New Guinea.

Adult frogs are about 3.4 to 4.4 cm long. They are dark green or dark brown in color with darker spots and stripes. When dead frogs are saved for study, they have a white spot on their lip, but living frogs do not have this spot.

These frogs live high in the mountains and people have found them 3200 meters above sea level. They live in or near bogs in grassy places. They lay eggs underneath rocks. Scientists do not know what the tadpoles look like.

As of the 2010s, scientists had only found this frog in five places. They were places where human beings do not often go, so human activity does not bother these frogs. They are dying because a sickness that affects frogs and other amphibians, chytridiomycosis, has spread to their mountains.

Amy Logan

Amy Bettina Logan (born 5 January 1985 in Auckland) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Epsom Girls' Grammar School. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Mänttä-Vilppula

Mäntä-Vilppula is a town and a municipality located in Finland. It was formed in 2009, when two municipalities, Mänttä and Vilppula, joined together. It is in the Pirkanmaa region.

The town has a population of 9,978 (31 January 2019). It covers an area of 657.08 square kilometers.

Next to it are the municipalities of Keuruu, Juupajoki, Jämsä, Ruovesi and Virrat.



Isojärvi National Park

Isojärvi National Park () is a national park in Central Finland. It covers 19 square kilometers (7.3 sq mi) and was founded in 1982. Its vegetation is dominated by Scots pine and Norway spruce forests.

Evidence has been found of early human settlements in the area.

Kelly Mason

Kelly Fiona Mason (born 16 June 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Avondale College, Auckland. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Danielle Lewis

Danielle Marie Lewis (born 17 August 1992) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Diocesan School for Girls, Auckland. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Alexandra Boyd

Alexandra Rose Boyd (born 8 July 1991) is a New Zealand water polo player and coach. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2016 Olympic Qualification Tournament, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Acquaviva Collecroce

Acquaviva Collecroce is a "comune" in the Province of Campobasso in Molise, Italy.

Isernia

Isernia is a "comune" in Molise, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Isernia. In 2019, about 21,594 people lived there.

Gabès Governorate

Gabès Governorate ( "") is one of the twenty-four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the southeastern part of the country. It covers an area of 7166 km². As of the 2014 census, 374,300 people lived there. The capital is Gabès.

Litoria bibonius

Litoria bibonius is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in wetlands on Normanby Island, no higher than 40 metres above sea level.

Ashley Smallfield

Ashley Elizabeth Smallfield (born 21 December 1989) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Lauren Sieprath

Lauren Jane Sieprath (born 23 October 1989) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand national team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for California State University, Long Beach's women's water polo team.

Johanna Theelen

Johanna Helena Theelen (born 10 February 1992) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Casie Bowry

Casie Lauren Bowry (born 10 April 1991) is a female former water polo player from New Zealand. She was part of the New Zealand team at the 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2017 Fina World Aquatics Championships 2007 and 2009 Junior World Aquatics Championships, 2016/Olympic Qualifiers, Gouda. 

Kirsten Hudson

Kirsten Patricia Hudson (born 2 February 1988) is a New Zealand water polo player. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

She played for Hartwick College's women's water polo team.

Brydie Pye

Brydie Pye (born 14 October 1993) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She is a native of Lower Hutt, New Zealand. She was educated at Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt. She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.


Emma Stoneman

Emma Stoneman (born 10 November 1991) is a New Zealand water polo player. She played for the New Zealand women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Hart County, Georgia

Hart County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 25,828 people lived there. The county seat is Hartwell.

Heard County, Georgia

Heard County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 11,412 people lived there. The county seat is Franklin.

Garúa

Garúa is a Spanish word meaning "drizzle" or "mist". Most often, garúa is used to refer to the moist cold fog that occurs on the coasts of Peru, southern Ecuador, and northern Chile, during the winter months. Garúa is called Camanchaca in Chile. 

These coastal regions in Peru, Ecuador and Chile have a desert climate. There's almost no rain during the year. Garúa brings mild temperatures and high humidity. It also provides moisture from fog and mist to a nearly-rainless region. The places where there's often fog also have more vegetation. They are called fog oases, or lomas. 

Fog and drizzle are common on the coast, and near lakes. In the case of garùa, its impact on the climate is unique. 

The Humboldt Current runs along the coast. It brings cold waters. It is responsible for both the desert-like climate and the garùa. The area covers the coasts of Peru and Chile from latitudes 5° to 30° South, a north-south distance of roughly . The Humboldt Current brings mild temperatures and high humidity to a very arid region. The cold waters create an inversion: the air near the ocean surface is cooler than the air above, contrary to most climatic situations. The trade winds blow the cool air and fog eastward over coastal areas, where the fog transforms into drizzle and mist, the garúa.

Garúa is a dense fog that does not produce rain. The water droplets in the fog measure between 1 and 40 microns across, too fine to form rain.

The impact of the Humboldt Current and the garúa it produces is substantial. Lima, Peru is near sea level. The city is located at 12° south latitude. It is in the tropics and would in most climatic situations have average temperatures of or higher in every month of the year. By contrast, Lima has monthly average temperatures that range from (January through March) in the warmest months and in the coolest months of July through September, the months in which the garúa is most frequent.

The impact on sunshine is even more important. Only 34 percent of daylight hours in Lima have sunshine every year. On average, July and August receive less than one hour a day of sunshine. Lima receives only 1,230 hours of sunshine per year. By contrast, London, notoriously cloudy and foggy, gets 1,573 hours of sunshine annually and New York City receives 2,535 hours of sunshine annually. The climate of Lima is typical of the coasts of Peru and northern Chile.

Nineteenth-century American author, Herman Melville called Lima “the strangest, saddest city thou cans’t see.", because of the garùa clouds and mist in winter. Twenty-first century Lima, on the oher hand, has a flourishing tourist trade and has been described as having a "hidden loveliness."

The desert coast on the 1700 mile north south stretch is very dry: On average, it gets less than of precipitation per year. Some areas may go without rain for many years. Only the moisture condensed from the garùa clouds -- plus occasional El Niño events -- enables islands of vegetation to be present in the lomas dotted up and down the Peruvian and Chilean coasts. Except for the lomas and river valleys draining the higher and more humid Andes the coastal desert has almost no vegetation.

The garúa extends only a few kilometers inland. It dissipates over land especially where it coalesces against mountain slopes at elevations of to , the altitudes at which the vegetated lomas are found.

In the area, water is scarce, and scientis have found a way to collect water from from the moisture-laden garúa.

In Chile, in 1985, scientists devised a fog collection system: They used nets to capture the water droplets in the fog. These nets are made of a special material, polyolefin. That way, it is possible to produce running water for villages in these otherwise desert areas. The Camanchacas Project installed 50 large fog-collecting nets on a mountain ridge, which captured some 2% of the water in the fog.

In 2005, another installation of panels of produced per square meter per day.

In Peru there is an effort to preserve the fragile ecosystem of the garúa-watered lomas. Conservation groups have installed fog-catching nets in the Atiquipa District to capture water and help the 80 families who live within the area to expand agriculture, primarily of olives.


Chaugey

Chaugey is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Domitilla Picozzi

Domitilla Picozzi (born 5 June 1998) is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 2016 FINA Women’s Water Polo World Youth Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Valeria Palmieri

Valeria Palmieri (born 18 October 1993) is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

Sara Dario

Sara Dario (born 17 October 1994) is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 2015 Women's LEN Super Cup, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Dangerous Woman Tour

The Dangerous Woman Tour was an Ariana Grande concert tour in 2017. It was for her third album, "Dangerous Woman".

The costumes Ariana wore during the tour were designed by Bryan Hearns and Law Roach.

The Manchester Arena bombing happened during the tour, on 22 May 2017.

The songs sung by Ariana during her concert in Phoenix, Arizona on February 3, 2017:


Rita Poszkoli

Rita Poszkoli (born 20 July 1987) is a Hungarian water polo player. She is a member of Hungarian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Stan Kirsch

Stanley Benjamin Kirsch (July 15, 1968 – January 11, 2020) was an American actor, screenwriter, director, and acting coach. He was born in New York City. He has made guest appearances in some TV shows including "JAG", "Family Law", and "Friends". 

Kirsch appeared in the short-lived Saturday morning TV series "Riders in the Sky" and on the soap opera "General Hospital" in 1992.

On January 11, 2020, Kirsch was found dead in his Los Angeles home, aged 51. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.

Find the Lady (movie)

Find the Lady is a 1976 Canadian–British comedy movie directed by John Trent and stars John Candy, Peter Cook, Mickey Rooney, Dick Emery, Lawrence Dane. It was distributed by Danton Films.

Aarón Padilla Gutiérrez

Aarón Padilla Gutiérrez (July 10, 1942 – June 14, 2020) was a Mexican football striker. He played for the Mexico national team between 1965 and 1970. He was part of the Mexico squad for the 1966 and 1970 World Cups.

At club level, Padilla played for Pumas, Atlante, and Veracruz. He was born in Mexico City.

Padilla Gutiérrez died of COVID-19 in Guadalajara, Mexico on June 14, 2020 at the age of 77.

Noel Kelly (rugby league)

Noel Kelly (22 January 1936 – 14 June 2020) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer and coach.

Kelly played at club, state and national level. He has been named among the country's best footballers of the 20th century. 

Kelly played as a hooker, prop forward or lock for much of his career with the Western Suburbs Magpies. He played for in three consecutive NSWRFL grand finals from 1961 to 1963. 

Kelly was named at hooker of the Western Suburbs Magpies, Queensland and Australian teams of the 20th century.

Evgeniya Ivanova

Evgeniya Ivanova (born 13 July 1991) is an Uzbekistani water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team. She played in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2010 Asian Games, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

Elsa Joubert

Elsa Joubert OIS (born Elsabé Antoinette Murray Joubert; 19 October 1922 – 14 June 2020) was a South African Sestigers Afrikaans-language writer. She became known with her novel "Die swerfjare van Poppie Nongena", which was translated into 13 languages. It later became a movie titled "Poppie Nongena". She was born in Paarl, Western Cape.

Joubert died on 14 June 2020 in Cape Town, Western Cape of COVID-19, aged 97.

Marc Zermati

Marc Zermati (21 June 1945 – 13 June 2020) was a French producer and promoter of punk rock music, and businessman. He was born in Algiers.

In 1972 he co-founded the Skydog record label, which issued its first release, the Flamin' Groovies' "Grease" 7" EP in May 1973. In August 1976, and again in 1977, Zermati organised the "first European punk rock festival" in the French town of Mont-de-Marsan.

He organised tours in France by bands including The Clash, Dr Feelgood, The Heartbreakers, and Eddie and the Hot Rods, as well as concerts by the Ramones and Talking Heads.

Zermati died on 13 June 2020 at the age of 74.

Tineke Verburg

Christine Maria Verburg (25 February 1956 - 13 June 2020) was a Dutch television presenter and journalist. She was known for the magazine programme "TROS Aktua". Verburg started her career in 1979. She was an announcer with TROS and became presenter of TROS Aktua in 1984. Later she also presented the game show TROS Triviant.

Verburg died after a long-illness on 13 June 2020, aged 64.

Stuart Lyon Smith

Stuart Lyon Smith (May 7, 1938 – June 10, 2020) was a Canadian politician, psychiatrist and academic. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1982. He led the Ontario Liberal Party from 1976 to 1982. From 1977 to 1981, he was the Ontario Opposition Leader. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Smith died in June 2020, aged 82.

Edén Pastora

Edén Atanacio Pastora Gómez (January 22, 1937 – June 16, 2020) was a Nicaraguan politician and guerrilla.

He ran for President as the candidate of the Alternative for Change (AC) party in the 2006 general elections. Pastora was the leader of the Southern Front, the largest militia in southern Nicaragua, second only to the FSLN (Sandinista National Liberation Front) in the north. Pastora was nicknamed "Comandante Cero" ("Commander Zero").

Pastora died in Managua on 16 June 2020 from respiratory failure, aged 83. While hospitalized, Pastora was also treated for symptoms of COVID-19, although his grandson said he was not tested for the coronavirus.

Ekaterina Zelentsova

Ekaterina Zelentsova (born 29 January 1991) is a Russian water polo player. She was a member of the Russian women's national water polo team. She played in the 2009 Summer Universiade, 2013 Summer Universiade, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

Maurice Rajsfus

Maurice Rajsfus (9 April 1928 – 13 June 2020) was a French writer, journalist and historian. He was the author of many books talking about the themes such as the Jewish genocide in France, the police, and attacks on civil rights.

In 1994 he co-founded the "Observatory of Public Liberties" (""l'Observatoire des libertés publiques""), which he led.

Sheikh Md Abdullah

Sheikh Md Abdullah (8 September 1945 – 13 June 2020) was a Bangladeshi Awami League politician and lawyer. He was the State Minister of Religious Affairs from 2019 until his death in 2020. He was appointed as the minister in the Fourth Sheikh Hasina Cabinet in January 2019. He was born in the Faridpur District.

Abdullah died on 13 June 2020 from COVID-19 in Dhaka, aged 74.

Milena Virzi

Milena Virzi is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships and 1998 World Aquatics Championships.

Emmy Schörg

Emmy Schörg (March 1930 – 12 June 2020) was an Austrian stage actress. Schörg was mainly known due to her roles on the in Vienna, where she played for over 40 years. She was born in Vienna.

Schörg died on 12 June 2020 in Vienna, aged 90.

Lino Esterino Garavaglia

Lino Esterino Garavaglia (9 September 1927 – 12 June 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop. He was made a priest in 1954. From the 1980s to the 2000s he was the bishop of the dioceses of Tivoli and Cesena-Sarsina. He was born in Milan.

On 4 October 1945, Garavaglia joined the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin. On 5 December 1954, he was ordained as a priest in the Milan Cathedral.

On 12 June 2020, Garavaglia died in a nursing home in Cesena, Italy, at the age of 92.

Oriana Di Siena

Oriana Di Siena is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Rianne Schram

Rianne Schram is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1993 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup and 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Northern dwarf tree frog

The northern dwarf tree frog, dwarf tree frog, lined grass frog, green reed frog, Pandan frog, bicolored grass frog or northern sedge frog ("Litoria bicolor") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives all along the coast of northern Australia.

Adult frogs are about 3 cm long from nose to rear end. They have a little bit of webbing on their front feet and more webbing on their hind feet. They are green with a bronze stripe over each eye going down their bodies. There is a white stripe under the bronze stripe. The youngest frogs are brown but they turn green as they grow older.

They live in wetlands with large numbers of plants in them, sometimes near humans.

They lay eggs in small groups attached to plants just under the surface of the water. The tadpoles can grow to 5 cm long and take two and a half months to start becoming frogs.

Stella Kriekaard

Stella Kriekaard is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Edme Hiemstra

Edme Hiemstra is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Iren Rafael

Iren Rafael is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships,

Zsuzsanna Hulf

Zsuzsanna Hulf is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Andrea Eke

Andrea Eke is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Through the Olive Trees

Through the Olive Trees ( "Zīr-e Derakhtān-e Zeytūn", actually meaning "Under the Olive Trees") is an 1994 Iranian drama movie directed by Abbas Kiarostami and starring Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz, Hossein Rezai. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Zsuzsa Dunkel

Zsuzsa Dunkel is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

The Cycle (1975 movie)

The Cycle (, "Dayereh-ye Mina", also Romanized as "Dāyere-ye Minā") is a 1975 Iranian drama movie directed by Dariush Mehrjui. It stars Saeed Kangarani, Ezzatolah Entezami, Forouzan, Ali Nassirian.

Avanti!

Avanti! is a 1972 Italian American romantic comedy movie directed by Billy Wilder, and starring Jack Lemmon, Juliet Mills and Clive Revill.

Katalin Kisne Dancsa

Katalin Kisne Dancsa is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships 2001 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 European Water polo Championships, and 2001 European Water polo Championships.

Esmeralda van den Water

Esmeralda van den Water is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1987 European Waterpolo Championships, 1989 FIVB Women's Water Polo World Cup. and 1991 World Aquatics Championships.

Lilian Ossendrijver

Lillian Ossendrijver is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1985 European Waterpolo Championships, 1987 European Waterpolo Championships, and 1991 World Aquatics Championships.

Oskar Sundqvist

Oskar Sundqvist (born 23 March 1994) is a Swedish ice hockey player who plays for St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League (NHL). Prior to joining the Blues, he played for the Pittsburgh Penguins and their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. Before moving to North American, he played in the Swedish Hockey League with Skellefteå AIK. He won the Stanley Cup with the Blues in 2019.

Goh Cheng Liang

Goh Cheng Liang (; born 1927) is a Singaporean billionaire businessman. He founded Wuthelam Holdings, which manufactures paint and coatings.

He set up his first paint shop there in Singapore in 1955. It became the main distributor there for Nippon Paint in 1962. Wuthelam Holdings, which now has interests in the paint business and property development, was founded in 1974.

Kriti Sanon

Kriti Sanon (born 27 July 1990) is an Indian actress. Her best known roles were in "Dilwale" (2015), "Bareilly Ki Barfi" (2017), "Luka Chuppi" (2019), and "Housefull 4" (2019). She also has her own line of clothing.

Killing of Rayshard Brooks

Rayshard Brooks, a 27-year-old African American man, was shot and killed by a white police officer in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, on the evening of June 12, 2020. 

Brooks was drunk and resisted arrest. He wrestled on the ground with two police officers, one of whom tased him. Brooks stole a taser from one of the officers, then fired the taser at one of them as he ran away. The same officer then shot Brooks in the back with his sidearm.

Video of the incident went viral. Atlanta chief of police Erika Shields resigned the next day. 

Protesters later burned down the Wendy's where the shooting had taken place.

One of the officers, Garrett Rolfe, was placed on administrative duty, meaning office work instead of going out into public spaces, and later fired. In mid-June, Rolfe was charged with eleven crimes, including felony murder and aggravated assault. If a jury convicts him, Rolfe could spend life in prison or even be executed. The other officer, Devin Brosnan, was charged with aggravated assault. The court issued arrest warrants for both men. They were told to turn themselves in by Thursday night, June 18. Brosnan and Rolfe both came to court. Brosnan was charged and then released on bail. The judge said Rolfe's crime was too serious for him to grant bail right away, so Rolfe was put in Gwinnett County Jail, and his bail hearing was scheduled for Tuesday, June 23.


According to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, around 10:35 p.m., officers were called to the Wendy's because Brooks had fallen asleep in his car in the drive-though lane so that people had to drive around him. The officers gave Brooks a test to see if he was drunk. He failed the test, and the officers tried to arrest him. Brooks stole a taser from one officer and ran off. The GBI said Brooks fired the taser at the officer, narrowly missing him. The officer then shot Brooks. The GBI promised to release video footage of the shooting to the public. These details are confirmed from the footage of the incident recorded by the camera on Wendy's.

The lawyers for Garrett Rolfe and for the prosecution said different things. Rolfe's lawyers, the LoRusso Law Firm, said that Rolfe heard a gunshot noise and saw a flash of light and thought Brooks had a real weapon. They said he fired his gun thinking he was protecting himself and the people at the Wendy's. Rolfe's lawyers said Rolfe immediately called for an ambulance and immediately tried to help Brooks. According to the county district attorney, Rolfe kicked Brooks after shooting him, and neither of the two police officers tried to help Brooks for two minutes.

According to the GBI and district attorneys, Brooks and the police talked peacefully for a over forty minutes before they tried to arrest him. They said he claimed he was not too drunk to drive and then offered to walk to his sister's house nearby instead of driving.

Brooks was taken to a hospital where doctors performed surgery, but he died.

In Georgia, police are allowed to shoot someone if that person poses an immediate threat to any other person.

The shooting occurred two weeks into the George Floyd protests and several months into the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.

There were protests outside the Wendy's where Brooks was killed. 
On June 13, someone set the Wendy's on fire and it burned almost completely. On June 24, Rayshard Brooks' girlfriend, Natalie White, was charged with arson for this crime. Her lawyer said she did not do it.

Hedda Verdam

Hedda Verdam is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1989 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 World Aquatics Championships, and 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Joan Ferner

Eleanor Joan Ferner (15 March 1933 – 10 June 2020) was a Canadian-born New Zealand women's rights activist. She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. She became a naturalised New Zealand citizen in 1978.

Ferner worked as a policy advisor in the New Zealand public service. She was a strong supporter for women's rights. She fought for equal pay and better access to higher education. She was active in the Federation of University Women and the National Council of Women.

Ferner died in Wellington on 10 June 2020, aged 87.

American Academy of Arts and Sciences

The American Academy of Arts and Sciences is one of the oldest learned societies in the United States. It was founded in 1780. It is dedicated to honor excellence and leadership in the arts and sciences. 

Membership in the academy can be done through a petition, review, and election process and has been thought to be a high honor for scholars. The academy was founded during the American Revolution by John Adams, John Hancock, James Bowdoin, and other Founding Fathers of the United States.

James Bowdoin

James Bowdoin II (; August 7, 1726 – November 6, 1790) was an American politician and educator. He was an important person during the American Revolution.

From 1775 to 1777, he was president of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress' executive council, the "de facto" head of the Massachusetts government. He was elected president of the constitutional convention that drafted the state's constitution in 1779.

He ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Massachusetts in 1780, losing to John Hancock. In 1785, after Hancock's resignation, he was elected governor. He lost his re-election in the 1787 election to Hancock. 

Bowdoin worked with Benjamin Franklin in his research on electricity. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London, and was a founder and first president of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. 

Bowdoin College in Maine was named in his honor.

He died from problems caused by dysentery. Bowdoin's funeral was one of the largest of the time in Boston, with people lining the streets to view the funeral procession.

Dick Garmaker

Richard Eugene Garmaker (October 29, 1932 – June 13, 2020) was an American basketball player. He played professionally in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1955 to 1961. He played for the Minneapolis Lakers and for the New York Knicks.

Garmaker was born in Hibbing, Minnesota. He played college basketball at the University of Minnesota. Garmaker died on June 13, 2020 at the age of 87.


Hibbing, Minnesota

Hibbing is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 16,214 at the 2020 census. The city was built on the iron ore of the Mesabi Iron Range. 

At the edge of town is the largest open-pit iron mine in the world, the Hull–Rust–Mahoning Open Pit Iron Mine. 

International Falls, Minnesota

International Falls is a city in and the county seat of Koochiching County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,802 at the 2020 census.

Rudy Perpich

Rudolph George Perpich Sr. (June 27, 1928 September 21, 1995) was an American politician. He was the longest-serving governor of Minnesota, serving a total of just over 10 years. He was a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.

He was the 34th and 36th Governor of Minnesota from December 29, 1976 to January 4, 1979 and again from January 3, 1983 to January 7, 1991. He was also the state's only Roman Catholic governor and the only one to serve non-consecutive terms.

Before entering politics, he was a dentist in Hibbing, Minnesota. He died of colon cancer.

The Moon in the Mirror

The Moon in the Mirror () is a 1990 Chilean drama movie directed by Silvio Caiozzi and starring Gloria Münchmeyer, Rafael Benavente, Ernesto Beadle.

Vaani Kapoor

Vaani Kapoor (born 23 August 1988) is an Indian actress. She is known for her work in Bollywood movies produced by Yash Raj Films. Her first movie role was in the 2013 romantic comedy "Shuddh Desi Romance". She also starred in "Aaha Kalyanam" (2014) and "Befikre" (2016).

Parineeti Chopra

Parineeti Chopra (; born 22 October 1988) is an Indian actress and singer.

Chopra appeared in her first movie with the 2011 romantic comedy "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl". She later starred in "Ishaqzaade" (2012), "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Hasee Toh Phasee" (2014), "Golmaal Again" (2017) and the war drama "Kesari" (2019).

Keith Tippett

Keith Tippett (born Keith Graham Tippetts; 25 August 1947 – 14 June 2020) was a British jazz pianist and composer. He was born in Bristol, Avon. In the late 1960s, Tippett led a sextet featuring Elton Dean on saxophone, Mark Charig on trumpet and Nick Evans on trombone. He also performed with King Crimson and performed in their "Cat Food" song.

Tippett died on 14 June 2020, aged 72.

Cedar Hill, Texas

Cedar Hill is a city in Dallas and Ellis counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It is located about southwest of Dallas. The population was 49,148 at the 2020 census.

Coppell, Texas

Coppell ( ) is a city in the northwest corner of Dallas County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a suburb of Dallas. The population was 42,983 at the 2020 census.

Farmers Branch, Texas

Farmers Branch, officially the City of Farmers Branch, is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. The population was 35,991 at the 2020 census.

Keller, Texas

Keller is a suburban city in Tarrant County, Texas, in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. At the 2020 census, the city's population was 45,776, making Keller the 80th most populated city in Texas. 

Mansfield, Texas

Mansfield is a suburban city in the U.S. state of Texas, and is part of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex area. The city is located mostly in Tarrant county, with small parts in Ellis and Johnson counties. As of the 2020 census, the population was 72,602.

Wylie, Texas

Wylie is a city and northeastern suburb of Dallas, mainly in Collin County, but now has parts going into neighboring Dallas and Rockwall Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. 

Balch Springs, Texas

Balch Springs ( , ) is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. It is an inner-ring suburb of Dallas and part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. The population was 27,685 at the 2020 census.

Benbrook, Texas

Benbrook is a town located in the southwestern corner of Tarrant County, Texas, and a suburb of Fort Worth. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 24,520.

Corinth, Texas

Corinth is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States. It is a suburb of Dallas and a part of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. The population was 22,634 at the 2020 census.

Forest Hill, Texas

Forest Hill is a suburb of Fort Worth in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. The population was 13,955 at the 2020 census.

Seagoville, Texas

Seagoville ( ) is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States, and a suburb of Dallas. A small portion of Seagoville goes into Kaufman County. The population was 18,446 at the 2020 census. The city is located along U.S. Highway 175. It is from downtown Mesquite.

University Park, Texas

University Park is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. It is an inner northern suburb of Dallas. The population was 25,278 at the 2020 census. The city is home to Southern Methodist University.

Watauga, Texas

Watauga is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States, and a suburb of Fort Worth. The population was 23,650 at the 2020 census.

Interstate 2

Interstate 2 (I-2) is a partially completed Interstate Highway running through the Lower Rio Grande Valley of South Texas. 

It begins at the intersection of U.S. Highway 83 (US 83) and Business U.S. Highway 83 (Bus. US 83) in Penitas and heads eastward before terminating at I-69E/US 77/US 83 in Harlingen. 

For its entire length, I-2 runs concurrently with US 83. I-2 also parallels Mexican Federal Highway 2 (Fed. 2), another major east–west route that traces the Mexico-U.S. border along the Mexican side of the Rio Grande. 

When completed, the western part will be the city of Laredo.

Interstate 11

Interstate 11 (I-11) is an Interstate Highway that currently runs for on the northwest–southeast part in the U.S. state of Nevada, running concurrently with U.S. Route 93 (US 93) between the Arizona state line and Henderson. 

The freeway is planned to run from Nogales, Arizona, to Reno, Nevada, generally following the current routes of I-19, I-10, US 93 and US 95.

Interstate 14

Interstate 14 (I-14), also known as the "14th Amendment Highway", the Gulf Coast Strategic Highway and the Central Texas Corridor, is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Texas that follows U.S. Highway 190 (US 190). 

The highway was named for the 14th Amendment.

In 2005, I-14 was planned to have a western portion at Natchez, Mississippi (later from I-49 near Alexandria, Louisiana), extending east through Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, before ending at Augusta, Georgia, or North Augusta, South Carolina. 

Sonora, Texas

Sonora is a city in and the county seat of Sutton County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,502 at the 2020 census.

North Augusta, South Carolina

North Augusta is a city in Aiken and Edgefield counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is on the north bank of the Savannah River. The population was 24,379 at the 2020 census.

The Moises Padilla Story

The Moises Padilla Story is a 1961 Filipino biographical drama movie directed by Gerardo de León and starring Leopoldo Salcedo, Joseph Estrada, Lilia Dizon, Max Alvarado, Rosa Aguirre, Robert Arevalo.

Koodal

Koodal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Koodal.

Koodal is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).




Kotta

Kotta is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kotta.

Kotta is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kottanad

Kottanad's major religions are Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam. 

Like the other parts of the state, Kottanad has a wet and maritime tropical climate. The region receives most of the rain from the South-West monsoon and the North-East monsoon. Summer is from March to May. During these times the place receives locally developed thundershowers. Due to the higher elevation, the climate is cooler towards the eastern area.

The economy of Kottanad is mainly from agriculture. Kottanad is one of the rubber producing villages in Kerala. Other major crops are coconut, tapioca and pepper.


The major mean of transportation of people in Kottanad is public transportation system, KSRTC as well as private bus services. 

Kottanad Village is a part of Pathanamthitta district administration. The Kottanad village office is in Perumpetty.

<gallery
File:Nssschoolkottanad.jpg|NSS school Kottanad
</gallery>

Isaiah Scroll

The Isaiah Scroll, (also 1Qlsaa; the Great Isaiah Scroll), is one of the Dead Sea Scrolls that were found in Qumran Cave 1. The scroll is written in Hebrew language and contains the entire Book of Isaiah, with small damaged portions. This manuscript is 1000 years older than the oldest Hebrew manuscripts known before the discovery of Dead Sea Scrolls.

Kottangal

Kottangal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kottangal.

Kottangal is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Killer Meteors

The Killer Meteors (Chinese: 風雨雙流星) (or The Killer Meteors, Jackie Chan vs. Wang Yu) is a 1976 Hong Kong Taiwanese action movie directed by Jimmy Wang Yu (who also stars) and Lo Wei. It stars Jackie Chan.

The Purple Rose of Cairo

The Purple Rose of Cairo is a 1985 American romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Mia Farrow, Jeff Dainels, Danny Aiello, John Wood, Edward Herrmann, Deborah Rush, Zoe Caldwell, Milo O'Shea, Dianne Wiest. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986.

Steven Bauer

Steven Bauer (born Esteban Ernesto Echevarría Samson; December 2, 1956) is a Cuban-born American actor. He is probably best known for his role as Cuban drug lord Manny Ribera in the 1983 crime drama movie "Scarface". His work on television includes shows such as "¿Qué Pasa, USA?" (1977–1980), "Breaking Bad" (2011), "Better Call Saul" (2017; 2020) and "Ray Donovan" (2013–2020).

Bauer was born in Havana. His family moved to the United States on July 4, 1960. He grew up using the name Steven, an English form of his given name, Esteban. He has been married four times, each ending in divorce. His first wife was actress Melanie Griffith. He has two children.

North Bergen, New Jersey

North Bergen is a township in the northern part of Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of 63,361.

Robert Iler

Robert Michael Iler (born March 2, 1985) is an American actor and poker player. He is best known for playing the role of Anthony "A. J." Soprano Jr. in the HBO series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007). In 2019, he started hosting the podcast "Pajama Pants" alongside "The Sopranos" co-star Jamie-Lynn Sigler and comedian Kassem G.

All of Me (1984 movie)

All of Me is a 1984 American romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and based on the unpublished novel "Me Too" by Edwin Davis. It stars Steve Martin, Madolyn Smith, Victoria Tennant, Lily Tomlin, Richard Libertini, Dana Elcar and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Vince Foster

Vincent Walker Foster Jr. (January 15, 1945 – July 20, 1993) was an American attorney. He served as Deputy White House Counsel for the first six months of President Bill Clinton's presidency until his death in July 1993. He was found dead by gunshot at a federal park in McLean, Virginia, at the age of 45. His death was ruled a suicide by five official governmental investigations. However, there are many conspiracy theories about Foster's death.

Foster was born in Hope, Arkansas. He married Elizabeth Braden in 1968. The couple had three children.

The Salzburg Connection

The Salzburg Connection is a 1972 American thriller movie directed by Lee H. Katzin and based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Helen MacInnes. It stars Barry Newman, Patrick Jordan, Anna Karina, Klaus Maria Brandauer, Karen Jensen, Wolfgang Preiss, Raoul Retzer and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Zuma Beach

Zuma Beach is a 1978 American television comedy movie directed by Lee H. Katzin and starring Suzanne Somers, Steven Keats, Mark Wheeler, Kimberly Beck, Perry Lang, Michael Biehn, Rosanna Arquette, Tayna Roberts, Gary Imhoff, Timothy Hutton. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Booroolong frog

The booroolong frog ("Litoria booroolongensis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in New South Wales and Victoria.

Adult frogs are about 5 cm long. They can be brown or gray or green, with black marks. Their bellies are white. 

They live in or near streams 200 to 1000 meters above sea level. They lay eggs in cracks in underwater rocks. The tadpoles grow in pools or slow-flowing streams.

As of the early 2000s, the booroolong frog was endangered because human beings divided their habitat into small pieces for logging and grazing, because willow trees clogged the streams where they live, and because invasive species of fish ate the tadpoles.

Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson

Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson (1863 – November 4, 1942) was an American author, journalist and teacher.

She was born Eleanor Stackhouse in Rensselaer, Indiana. She then married the author called Francis Blake Atkinson. The couple had children called Dorothy Blake (b. 1892) and Frances Eleanor (b. 1899).

She taught in schools in both Indianapolis and Chicago. She wrote for the "Chicago Tribune" under the name Nora Marks from 1888 to 1890. She then became publisher of the Little Chronicle Publishing Company. The Little Chronicle Publishing Company published some of her own work, other educational books and the "Little Chronicle. The Little Chronicle" was an newspaper for young children with pictures. She wrote both story books and fact books. The story books were mostly love stories and the fact books were mostly educational books.

Eleanor Atkinson is best known for her 1912 story book called "Greyfriars Bobby". This popular book told the well known story of the dog called "Greyfriars Bobby." It is set in Edinburgh, in Scotland"." New versions of the story copy some the story that Eleanor Atkinson wrote. Many details of the book, such as the details of the dog's master are wrong. It was thought that Eleanor Atkinson didn't visit Edinburgh. It seems like she used the basic story and added parts from her own imagination. The story is very detailed, but the descriptions of the geography are sometimes wrong. Eleanor Atkinson tried to get names correct, and to get across the atmosphere of the city.

Unusually for someone with who had not been to the country or had no family from Scotland, her knowledge of the local accent was good. So Eleanor Stackhouse may have been told the story by Scottish immigrants to the Midwest, USA.

The book is often considered a classic, especially for children. It has been reprinted several times. The book was the basis for the films called "Challenge to Lassie" (MGM, 1949) and "Greyfriars Bobby" (Disney, 1961). These films were made after her death. Both films starred Donald Crisp.

Blake's daughter, Eleanor Blake, wrote a detective story called "Death Down East" (1942). Eleanor Blake's son, who is Eleanor Atkinson's grandson, was the movie and television actor Wally Cox.



Madeline van Heemstra

Madeline van Heemstra is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1985 European Waterpolo Championships, and 1987 European Waterpolo Championships.

Marjo van der Mark

Marjo van der Mark is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Greet van der Veen

Greet van der Veen is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1981 World Games, 1983 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1988 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1989 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

A Young Retiree

A Young Retiree () is a 1972 Estonian comedy movie directed by Sulev Nõmmik and starring Ervin Abel, Lia Laats, Helmut Vaag, Leida Rammo, Asta Vihandi. It was distributed by Eesti Telefilm.

Lieneke van den Heuvel

Lieneke van den Heuvel is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1980 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1988 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1989 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Man Facing Southeast

Man Facing Southeast () is a 1986 Argentine science fiction drama movie directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Lorenzo Quinteros, Hugo Soto, Inés Vernengo.


Janny Spijker

Janny Spijker is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 World Aquatics Championships, 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 1988 Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1989 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1991 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1993 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Ineke Pesman

Ineke Yperlaan-Pesman is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships and 1985 European Women's Water Polo Championship.

Alice Lindhout

Alice Lindhout is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 World Aquatics Championships, 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 1988 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1989 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1991 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1993 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Monique Kranenburg

Monique Kranenburg is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 World Aquatics Championships, 1988 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1989 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1991 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Janet Heijnert

Janet Heijnert is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships and 1983 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Anita Bibo

Anita Bibo is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1985 European Waterpolo Championships, and 1987 European Waterpolo Championships.

Julie Sheperd

Julie Sheperd is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships and 1984 Water Polo World Cup.

Janet Rayner

Janet Rayner is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team, in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1982 FINA world cup, 1983 FINA world cup, and 1987 FINA world cup.

Cathy Parkers

Cathy Parkers (born Catherine Gloria Turner 1955 - 2007) was an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team from 1978 to 1986. She participated at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

She graduated from Sydney University.

Sandy Mills-O'Mellia

Sandy Mills-O'Mellia is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Lynne Morrison

Lynne Morrison (born 28 August 1957) is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships. She was the manager of the 2016 Australian Women’s Water Polo Team.

Megan Meloncelli

Megan Meloncelli is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Auston Matthews

Auston Taylour Matthews (born September 17, 1997) is an American professional ice hockey center and alternate captain for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Terence Winter

Terence Patrick Winter (born October 2, 1960) is an American screenwriter and producer. He is the creator, writer and executive producer of the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire" (2010–2014).

Winter is also known as a writer and executive producer for the HBO series "The Sopranos", from the show's second to sixth and final season (2000–2007). He wrote the screenplay to Martin Scorsese's "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013) for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He co-created HBO's "Vinyl", which ran for one season in 2016.

Winter was born in New York City. He grew up in Marine Park, Brooklyn.

M42 motorway

The M42 is a motorway in the Midlands of England. It runs northeast from the M5 near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire to near Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire. It runs south of the West Midlands conurbation, going through Solihull and Birmingham Airport. Here, it crosses the M6 motorway. It then goes past Coleshill and then past Tamworth, before ending. At the end of the motorway, just south of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, it becomes the A42.

The road was first built in the 1970s, and was built to make a motorway between the East and West Midlands. It is now also used as part of a ring road around Birmingham nicknamed the "Birmingham Box". It is made up of parts of the M5, M6, and M42 motorways.

Coventry (S & W), N.E.C. A45(E)

Raj Mohan Vohra

Lieutenant General Raj Mohan Vohra, PVSM, MVC (7 May 193214 June 2020) was a General Officer of the Indian Army. He was awarded the Maha Vir Chakra for his leadership in the Battle of Basantar during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. He was born in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh.

Vohra died on 14 June 2020 from COVID-19, aged 88.

Claude Samuel

Claude Samuel (23 June 1931 – 14 June 2020) was a French music critic and radio personality. He was born in Paris.

He worked for many newspapers of the daily press ("Paris-Presse", from 1961 to 1970; "Le Matin de Paris", from 1977 to 1987), of the weekly press ("L’Express" in 1959 and 1960; "Le Nouveau Candide" from 1961 to 1967; "Le Point", from 1974 to 1989), the monthly press (Revue "Réalités", and discs collection "Philips-Réalités" from 1957 to 1960) and the music press ("Harmonie", "Le Panorama de la Musique", "Musiques", "La Lettre du musicien", "Diapason").

Samuel died on 14 June 2020 in Paris, aged 88.

Jim Grelle

James Edward Grelle (September 30, 1936 – June 13, 2020) was an American middle-distance runner. He had his best achievements in the 1500 m event, finishing eighth at the 1960 Olympics, winning a gold and a silver medal at the Pan American Games in 1963 and 1959. He was born in Portland, Oregon.

Grelle died on June 13, 2020 in Portland, aged 83.

Marjorie G. Horning

Marjorie Janice Groothuis Horning (August 23, 1917 – June 11, 2020) was an American biochemist and pharmacologist. 

She was thought to be a leading scientist of chromatography for her work in developing new techniques and applying them to the study of drug metabolism. 

She discovered that drugs and their metabolites can be transferred from a pregnant woman to her developing child, and later through breast milk, from a mother to a baby. 

Horning's work made possible the prevention of birth defects, as doctors began to warn of the dangers of drugs, alcohol, and smoking during pregnancy.

Friedrich Stelzner

Friedrich Stelzner (4 November 1921 – 5 June 2020) was a Czech-born German academic surgeon, scientist and educator. His works focused on gastrointestinal surgery. He was a Professor and Chairman of three university departments and was honored as President of the German Society for Surgery in 1985. 

Stelzner wrote more than 80 books and book chapters to the literature and authored over 450 publications and presentations. Throughout his scientific career, Stelzner investigated questions of anatomy and its impact on surgical methods.

Stelzner was born in Františkovy Lázně, Czechoslovakia. He died on 5 June 2020 at the age of 98.

Luce Douady

Luce Douady (17 November 2003 – 14 June 2020) was a French climber. She became Youth World champion in 2019 and won the bronze medal at senior level at the 2019 IFSC Climbing European Championships.

Douady died at the age of 16, on 14 June 2020 after falling off a path on the way to a cliff near her home town of St. Bernard, Isère, France.

Moscow, Pennsylvania

Moscow is a borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,039 at the 2020 census. It is located about 9 miles from Scranton and 25 miles from Honesdale.

Honesdale, Pennsylvania

Honesdale is a borough in and the county seat of Wayne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The borough's population was 4,458 at the time of the 2020 census.

Wayne County, Pennsylvania

Wayne is a sixth-class county in Pennsylvania. The county's population was 51,155 at the time of the 2020 census. The county seat is the Borough of Honesdale. The county was formed from part of Northampton County on March 21, 1798. It was named for the Revolutionary War General Anthony Wayne.

Galley

A galley is a type of ship. Galleys use rowing to move. The first galleys were using in Ancient Egypt, during the Old Kingdom (c. 2700-2200 BCE).

Haroldo Rodas

Roger Haroldo Rodas Melgar (May 29, 1946 – June 15, 2020) was a Guatemalan economist and politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of President Álvaro Colom, from January 14, 2008 to January 14, 2012. He was the only minister that was in office for the four-year term. He was born in Guatemala City.

Rodas died of COVID-19 on June 15, 2020 in Guatemala City, aged 74.


List of lieutenant governors of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands

This is a list of lieutenant governors of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands is a political office, almost like an ambassador and Lieutenant-Governor position, that is in charge of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. They are appointed by the President of India.


Devendra Kumar Joshi

Admiral Devendra Kumar Joshi, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, NM, VSM (Retd.) (born 4 July 1954) is an Indian military official and politician. He is the Lieutenant Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands and the Vice Chairman of Islands Development Agency (IDA).

He was an Admiral in the Indian Navy and was the 21st Chief of Naval Staff of the Indian Navy.

Nagendra Nath Jha

Nagendra Nath Jha (5 January 1935 – 15 June 2020) was an Indian diplomat. He was the Indian ambassador to Ireland (1977-1979), to Turkey (1979–1981), to Kuwait (1984-1989), to Yugoslavia (1989-1990) and to Sri Lanka (1990-1993). He was Lieutenant Governor of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (2001–2004) and Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry (2004).

Jha died on 15 June 2020, aged 85.

List of lieutenant governors of Puducherry

Puducherry (formerly known as "Pondicherry") is a Union Territory of India. Governance and administration of the territory fall directly under federal authority. 

Kiran Bedi

Kiran Bedi (born 9 June 1949) is a retired Indian Police Service officer, and former tennis player . She is the former Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry. She is the first female Indian Police Service (IPS) officer.

List of governors of Andhra Pradesh

This is a list of governors of Andhra Pradesh in office from 1953 to 2019. 

"Data from Andhra Pradesh State Portal".

C. Rangarajan

C. Rangarajan or Chakravarthi Rangarajan (born 1932) is an Indian economist. He was the 19th Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. He is the former Chairman of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council. He was a professor in Ahmedabad University. From 1997 to 2003, he was Governor of Andhra Pradesh.

Biswabhusan Harichandan

Biswabhusan Harichandan (born 3 August 1934) is an Indian politician. In July 2019, he became the 23rd and current Governor of Andhra Pradesh.

List of governors of Arunachal Pradesh

The Governor of Arunachal Pradesh is a state head and representative of the President of India in the state of Arunachal Pradesh. The Governor is appointed by the President for a term of 5 years. The current governor is B. D. Mishra.

Phagu Chauhan

Phagu Chauhan (born 1 January 1948) is an Indian politician. In February 2023, he became the 20th and current Governor of Meghalaya. He is a former member of 17th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh from Ghosi, a seat he won from a record six times and served as the governer of Bihar from 2019 till 2023.

Buta Singh

Buta Singh (21 March 1934 – 2 January 2021) was an Indian politician. He was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress. He was the Union Home Minister of India, Governor of Bihar from 2004 to 2006 and was chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes from 2007 to 2010.

Singh died on 2 January 2021 in New Delhi from problems caused by a cerebral haemorrhage, aged 86.

B. D. Mishra

Brigadier B. D. Mishra (born 20 July 1939) is an Indian politician and former brigadier of the Indian Army. In October 2017, Governor of Arunachal Pradesh.

List of governors of Assam

This is a list of governors of Assam.

The Governor of Assam is a nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of Assam. The governor is appointed by the president for a term of five years. The current governor is Gulab Chand Kataria.

Jagdish Mukhi

Jagdish Mukhi (born 1 December 1942) is an Indian politician. In October 2017, he became the Governor of Assam. and a member of BJP and RSS. He also was Lieutenant Governor of the Andaman and Nicorbar Islands from 2016 to 2017. In 2019, he was the Governor of Mizoram.

Padmanabha Acharya

Padmanabha Balakrishna Acharya (8 October 1931 – 10 November 2023) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Nagaland from 2014 to 2019. In 2019, he was Governors of Manipur. In 2017, he was Governor of Arunachal Pradesh. From 2014 to 2015, he was Governor of Tripura. From 2014 to 2016, he was Governor of Assam.

Acharya died at the age of 92.

Anusuiya Uikey

Anusuiya Uikey (born 10 April 1957) is an Indian politician. She was elected to the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Damua constituency in the 1985 Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly election as a member of the Indian National Congress. 

She was appointed as Governor of Chhattisgarh on 16 July 2019.

List of governors of Chhattisgarh

The Governor of Chhattisgarh is a nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of Chhattisgarh. The Governor is appointed by the President for a maximum period of 5 years. The current governor, since 17 July 2019 is Anusuiya Uikey.

Ram Naresh Yadav

Ram Naresh Yadav (1 July 1928 – 22 November 2016) was an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh from 1977 to 1979. He was from Janata Party; later he joined the Congress. He also was Governor of Madhya Pradesh from 26 August 2011 to 7 September 2016.

Satya Pal Malik

Satya Pal Malik (born 24 July 1946) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Meghalaya and 18th Governor of Goa from 2019 to 2020. From 2018 to 2019, he was Governor of Jammu and Kashmir. From 2017 to 2018, he was Governor of Bihar.

M6 Toll

The M6 Toll, also called the Birmingham North Relief Road (BNRR) or Midland Expressway, is a toll motorway in the Midlands. It is used as a way to avoid the traffic on the M6 motorway by Birmingham. It goes from the M6 at Coleshill to the M6 at Wolverhampton. It is a toll road, so drivers have to pay to use it.

It first opened in 2003, and many people do not think it has been a good idea. It was built to lower the amount of traffic on the M6 between Coleshill and Wolverhampton, which is the busiest part. Many people have noted that the traffic has not gone down since it opened. Many people say it is because the road is too expensive to use and many drivers do not want to pay the fee.

!scope=col|Junction 
!scope=col|Coordinates
!scope=col|Northbound exits
!scope=col|Tolls
!scope=col|Southbound exits
!scope=col|Tolls

The southernmost section of the M6 Toll, south of Junction T1, is shared by traffic using the M42. Vehicles using only this five-mile section do not have to pay a toll.

List of governors of Goa

The Governor of Goa is a nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of Goa. The Governor is appointed by the President for a term of 5 years.

Om Prakash Kohli

Om Prakash Kohli (9 August 1935 – 20 February 2023) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Gujarat and a former member of Rajya Sabha. He was president of the Delhi unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1999-2000.

From 8 September 2016 to 19 January 2018, he held the additional charge of the office of Governor of Madhya Pradesh along with Gujarat.

Katie Mcadams

Katie Mcadams is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Acharya Devvrat

Acharya Devvrat (born 18 January 1959) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Gujarat since July 2019. From 2015 to 2019, he was Governor of Himachal Pradesh.

Alan Winde

Alan Richard Winde (born 18 March 1965) is a South African politician and businessman. He is the 7th and current Premier of the Western Cape. He is also a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament for the Democratic Alliance. After his party won a majority in the provincial parliament in May 2019, he became the Premier and replaced Helen Zille. Winde held ministerial positions in Zille's provincial cabinet.
Winde was born on 18 March 1965 in Knysna, Cape Province. He attended Knysna High School. After high school, Winde founded and worked for many businesses in his hometown.

He was first elected as an independent councillor of the Outeniqua Rural Council in the early 1990s. He later decided to run for the South Cape District Council and won a seat on the council. He joined the Democratic Party in 1999 after the party had recruited him to be one of their candidates for the Western Cape Provincial Parliament. He was elected. The Democratic Party changed to the Democratic Alliance in 2000.

Winde held senior positions in the Democratic Alliance provincial parliamentary group. He was chief whip of the party's caucus before the 2009 election. After the 2009 election, the party became the majority party in the provincial parliament. Helen Zille became Premier and selected Winde to be the Minister for Finance, Economic Development and Tourism. Winde became Minister for Western Cape Minister for Economic Opportunities in May 2014. The Democratic Alliance chose him as their premier candidate for the 2019 election in September 2018. Zille moved him to the Community Safety department in November 2018.

The party kept their majority in the legislature in the May 2019 election. The legislature met on 22 May 2019 to choose a new premier and leadership. Winde was elected as Premier after he got 24 votes compared to 10 for his competitor Cameron Dugmore of the African National Congress.
Winde is married to Tracy and they have two children.


Amanda Leeson

Amanda Leeson-Smith is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships. From 1981 to 1991, she was a representative to Water Polo Queensland.

List of governors of Gujarat

The Governor of Gujarat is a nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of Gujarat. The Governor is appointed by the President for a term of 5 years. Acharya Devvrat took charge as the Governor on 22 July 2019.

Kamla Beniwal

Kamla Beniwal (born 12 January 1927) is an Indian politician. She was a senior member of Indian National Congress party. In 2009, she was Governor of Tripura. From 2009 to 2014, she was Governor of Gujarat. In 2014, Beniwal was Governor of Mizoram.

Cummins Handley

Cummins Handley is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Satyadev Narayan Arya

Satyadev Narayan Arya (born 1 July 1937) is an Indian politician. On July 7, 2021, he became the 19th Governor of Tripura. He also worked as the 16th governor of Haryana from 2018 to 2021. He is a leader of BJP from Bihar.

Judy Gair

Judy Gair is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

List of governors of Haryana

This is a list of governors of the Indian state of Haryana, which was carved out from Punjab on 1 November 1966.

Marian Taylor

Marian Taylor is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

Hari Anand Barari

Hari Anand Barari (born 1929) was an Indian Intelligence Bureau officer and politician. He was Governor of Haryana from February 1987 to February 1989. He was born in Bikrampur.

Dhanik Lal Mandal

Dhanik Lal Mandal (30 March 1932 – 13 November 2022) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha from Jhanjharpur in Bihar, twice in 1977 and 1980. He was the member of Bihar Legislative Assembly (1967–74) and also speaker of Bihar Legislative Assembly, (1967–69).

He was the Governor of Haryana from 1990 to 1995.

Kaptan Singh Solanki

Kaptan Singh Solanki (born 1 July 1939) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. From 2018 to 2019, he was Governor of Tripura. From August 2009, he was the member of the Parliament of India representing Madhya Pradesh State in the Rajya Sabha. From 2014 to 2018, he was Governor of Haryana.

Simone Dixon

Simone Hankin Dixon is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team with 193 caps.
She played at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

Bandaru Dattatreya

Bandaru Dattatreya (born 12 June 1947) is an Indian politician. In September 2019, he became the Governor of the State of Himachal Pradesh. He was the Member of Lok Sabha for Secunderabad since 2014. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

List of governors of Himachal Pradesh

This is a List of governors of Himachal Pradesh. S.P Shukla is the 22nd Governor of Himachal Pradesh since 18 February 2023.

RV Arlekar till 18 Feb 2023

S.P Shukla 18 Feb 2023 ￼
Kalyan Singh

Kalyan Singh (5 January 1932 – 21 August 2021) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Rajasthan from 2014 to 2019. He also was Governor of Himachal Pradesh in 2015. He was a politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party from the state of Uttar Pradesh. 

Singh died on 21 August 2021 at a hospital in Lucknow, India from sepsis caused by multiple organ failure, aged 89.

Brigitta Szép

Brigitta Szép is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 2001 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 European Water polo Championships.

Edit Sipos

Edit Sipos (2 March 1975 in Szentes - 13 August 2013) is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team for 150 caps. She played in the 2001 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 European Water polo Championships.

Droupadi Murmu

Droupadi Murmu (born 20 June 1958) is an Indian politician who is the 15th President of India since 2022. She was the 8th Governor of Jharkhand from May 2015 to July 2021. She is the first governor of Jharkhand to finish the 5-year term. She was elected president after winning the 2022 election in a landslide victory. She is the youngest and first individual born after India's independence in 1947 to have been elected president.

Droupadi Murmu was married to Shyam Charan Murmu. The couple had two sons and a daughter. Her husband and her two sons died.

During the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and coalition government in Odisha, She was the Minister of State with independent charge for Commerce and Transport from March 6, 2000 to August 6, 2002 and Fisheries and Animal Resources Development from August 6, 2002 to May 16, 2004. She was former Odisha Minister and an MLA from in the years 2000 and 2004.

She is the first woman Governor of Jharkhand. She is the first woman and tribal leader from Odisha to be appointed a governor in an Indian state.

In June 2022, the BJP picked Murmu as the National Democratic Alliance's candidate for President of India in the 2022 election.
On 21 July 2022, Murmu was announced as the winner of the election, having won in a landslide victory. She is the first adivasi politician to be elected president and the country's second female president.


List of governors of Jharkhand

This is a list of governors of Jharkhand since its inception on 15 November 2000.

Katalin Rédei

Katalin Rédei is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 2001 World Aquatics Championships, and 2001 European Water polo Championships.

Orsolya Szalkay

Orsolya Szalkay is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships and 1991 European Waterpolo Championships.

Vajubhai Vala

Vajubhai Rudabhai Vala (born 13 January 1939) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Karnataka from September 2014 to July 2021.

Mariëlle Schothans

Mariëlle Schothans is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships and 1997 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

List of governors of Karnataka

The Governor of Karnataka is the constitutional head of the South Indian state of Karnataka. The governor is appointed by the President of India for a term of five years.

Doja Cat

Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini (born October 21, 1995), known by her stage name Doja Cat, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter and record producer. She has written many songs. These include "Mooo!", which became an internet meme. Doja Cat's song "Say So" went viral on TikTok when a user of the site known as Haley Sharpe created a dance to the song. There was a hiatus from commercial music and the uneventful release of Doja Cat's first studio album, "Amala" (2018). After that, Doja Cat earned viral success as an internet meme with her 2018 single "Mooo!", a novelty song where she fantasizes about being a cow. Her second studio album, "Hot Pink" (2019), reached the top 10 of the US Billboard 200. The album's single "Say So" was at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 after the release of a remix featuring Nicki Minaj. "Hot Pink" was followed by "Planet Her" (2021), which spent three. 

Doja Cat is also well-versed in the internet herself. She is famed for her absurdly humorous personality and online presence. She has received numerous awards throughout her career, including a Billboard Music Award, two American Music Awards and three MTV Video Music Awards. She also earned nominations for three Grammy Awards. 



Konijeti Rosaiah

Konijeti Rosaiah (4 July 1933 – 4 December 2021) is an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh from 2009 to 2010 and Governor of Tamil Nadu from 2011 to 2016. He was an MLC, MLA and MP from the Indian National Congress.

He was married on 4 June 1950 to Smt Sivalakshmi. He has 3 sons and 1 daughter. Sons are KS Subba Rao and KSN Murthy and daughter is P Rama Devi. His socio-cultural activities include helping the under-privileged. He is also a good orator. He was also member of the spices board in the year 1998. His profession includes Agriculturist, trader and industrialist.

Rosaiah died on 4 December 2021 in Hyderabad, Telangana after a brief illness.

Arif Mohammad Khan

Arif Mohammad Khan (born 18 November 1951) is an Indian politician. In 2019, he became Governor of Kerala. He was a cabinet minister in the Union government.

List of governors of Kerala

The Governor of Kerala is the constitutional head of state of the southern Indian state of Kerala. The governor is appointed by the President of India for a term of five years. The governor is "de jure" head of the Government of Kerala.

Sandra Scherrenburg

Sandra Scherrenburg is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships and 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

Petra Meerdink

Petra Meerdink is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

Lalji Tandon

Lalji Tandon (12 April 1935 – 21 July 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the 22nd Governor of Madhya Pradesh from July 2019 to June 2020. He was a member of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was a protégé of Atal Bihari Vajpayee.

Tandon was hospitalized in June 2020 for a urinary tract infection. He died on 21 July 2020 in Lucknow, aged 85.

Carla van Usen

Carla van Usen is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships, and 1997 Women's World Cup Championship.


List of governors of Madhya Pradesh

Here is the List of governors of Madhya Pradesh.

Bhagat Singh Koshyari

Bhagat Singh Koshyari (born 17 June 1942) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Uttarakhand. In September 2019, he became the Governor of Maharashtra.

On 18 August 2020, Koshyari also became the Governor of Goa.

He was a MP in Rajya Sabha from 2008 to 2014 from Uttarakhand and then the MP in the 16th Lok Sabha from Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar constituency.

List of governors of Maharashtra

The Governor of Maharashtra is the Ceremonial head of the state of Maharashtra.

Stefania Larucci

Stefania Larucci is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, and 1998 World Aquatics Championships.

Nomarussia Bonase

Nomarussia Bonase (born 1966) is a South African human rights activist. In 2017, she won the Anne Klein Women’s Award.

She was a union shop steward. She identified her brother's body after he was killed. She joined Khulumani Support Group after the failure of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address rape. She organized workshops and art therapy sessions, after the Marikana massacre.

Najma Heptulla

Najma Akbar Ali Heptulla (born 13 April 1940) is an Indian politician. In July 2019, she became Governor of Manipur. She was also the Chancellor.

List of governors of Manipur

The Governor of Manipur is the person in charge of the Government of Manipur. They are nominated by the President of India.

Tathagata Roy

Tathagata Roy (born 14 September 1945) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Meghalaya from January 2020 to August 2020. He also was Governor of Tripura from 2015 to 2018. 

Roukiata Ouedraogo

Roukiata Ouedraogo (born 1979) is a Burkinabé actress and comedian.

She grew up in Fada N'Gourma. She moved to Paris. She was an intern at Cours Florent. She acted in the play, "Yennenga, the epic of the Mossé." She appeared in the movie "Samba". She appeared in the show "Le Parlement du rire" on Canal+.

She speaks both French and Bambara.


List of governors of Meghalaya

This is a list of the governors of Meghalaya state in northeastern India. Meghalaya became an autonomous state within Assam on 1 April 1970 and a separate state on 21 January 1972.

P. S. Sreedharan Pillai

P.S Sreedharan Pillai (born 1 December 1954) is an Indian politician. He was the 15th Governor of Mizoram. He was appointed by President Ram Nath Kovind in October 2019. He later became the Governor of Goa in July 2021.

List of governors of Mizoram

This is a list of governors of Mizoram, an Indian state on the border with Myanmar.

Amélie Verdier

Amélie Verdier (born 1977) is a French senior civil servant. Starting in January 2, 2017, she has been budget director in the Ministry of the Economy and Finance.

She was born on 1 July 1977 at Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine. She studied at Lycée Henri-IV, University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne, and at Sciences Po.

She worked at the Inspection générale des finances. Between 2005 and 2009, she taught public finance at Sciences Po. From 2012 to 2014, she was chief of staff to Jérôme Cahuzac and then Bernard Cazeneuve. In June 2014, she was appointed secretary general of Assistance Publique – Hôpitaux de Paris. On 21 December 2016, she was appointed director of the budget by the Council of Ministers.

Voni

Voni (Greek: Βώνη, Turkish: Gökhan) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus. It was orignially Voni but renamed to Gökhan in 1974.

Andrea Donnellan

Andrea Donnellan is a principal investigator at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. She is an editor of the "Earth and Space Science" journal. She studies earthquakes using geodetic imaging techniques.

She studied at Ohio State University, University of Southern California, and California Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2015, she then taught at the University of Southern California. She teaches at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.

Alessandra Sardoni

Alessandra Sardoni (born 5 May 1964 in Rome) is an Italian journalist and television presenter. From 2013 to 2014, she was president of the Parliamentary Press Association. In June 2015, she was awarded the Premiolino.

She studied with Tullio De Mauro. She worked for "La Repubblica". She hosted the "Otto e mezzo" program and the "Omnibus" morning program.

Graziella Fumagalli

Graziella Fumagalli (24 August 1944 in Casatenovo - 22 October 1995 in Merca) was an Italian doctor. She was a Catholic volunteer, killed in Somalia in 1995 at the Anti-tuberculosis Center which she directed.

She graduated in Medicine and Surgery in 1980. She specialized in Pediatric Surgery in France in 1985 and studied Tropical Medicine in 1989. 
She moved to Guinea-Bissau with the non-governmental organization Mani Tese.
In 1993, she went to Mozambique as head of a health project of the Italian Association for Solidarity among Peoples (AISPO).

Elisa Biagini

Elisa Biagini (born 1970 Florence) is an Italian poet, translator, and professor. Her work won a 2014 Best Translated Book Award.

She earned her PhD at Rutgers University. She taught Italian at Columbia University, Gettysburg College and Barnard College. She teaches writing at NYU-Florence.




Mila Rodino

"Mila Rodino" (, , meaning "Dear Motherland") is the national anthem of Bulgaria. It was originally a song written and composed by a author and scientist named Tsvetan Radoslavov in 1885, while fighting in the Serbo-Bulgarian War. It was first adopted in 1964 as the national anthem of the People's Republic of Bulgaria with different words. Then when Communism came to an end in Bulgaria in 1991, the Constitution of Bulgaria made "Dear Motherland" the national anthem once again, and has been to this day.

Previously, Bulgaria had used three other anthems. Before "Dear Motherland" became the national anthem, "Dear Bulgaria", "Our Republic, Hail!", and "Shumi Maritsa" were used.

Only the first verse and chorus are sung.

Andrea Tenuta

Andrea Tenuta (born 6 January 1963 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan-Argentina actress, singer, and dancer.

She is the daughter of Uruguayan actors Juan Manuel Tenuta and Adela Gleijer. 

She made her film debut in 1983 with the film "The arrangement". In 1985, she worked on the Oscar winning film, "The official story." She later appeared in "Esperando la carroza." In 2012 she appeared in "Holmes & Watson. Madrid Days."

She married José Luis Garci . 


John Madigan (politician)

John Joseph Madigan (21 July 1966 – 16 June 2020) was an Australian blacksmith and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Labour Party (DLP), before resigning from the party and becoming an independent in September 2014. He joined the Country Party in September 2016. He served as a Senator for Victoria from 2011 to 2016.

Madigan was born in Ballarat, Victoria. He was married and had two children.

In December 2018, Madigan announced that he had liver and bowel cancer. He died on 16 June 2020 in palliative care near his home in Hepburn Springs, Victoria. He was 53.

Deep South

The term "Deep South" refers to the lower states in the Southern United States. It is also part of the "Bible Belt". The core states of the Deep South are Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina and Georgia. North Florida, East Texas and South Tennessee are often included as part of the "Deep South". These states are racially diverse, where African Americans and White Americans form a majority or plurality in many areas. These states are generally socially conservative. They relied heavily on plantation farming with slaves in the pre-Civil War era. Politically they are labelled as "Red States", because the people largely vote for the Republican Party, which is socially conservative and right-wing. 

Raoof Haghighi

Raoof Haghighi is an Iranian-born British artist, known for his portraiture and realism.

Reza Abbasi

Reza Abbasi, Riza yi-Abbasi or Reza-e Abbasi, رضا عباسی in Persian, usually Reza Abbasi also Aqa Reza (see below) or Āqā Riżā Kāshānī ( – 1635) was the leading Persian miniaturist of the Isfahan School during the later Safavid period, spending most of his career working for Shah Abbas I. He is considered to be the last great master of the Persian miniature, best known for his single miniatures for "muraqqa" or albums, especially single figures of beautiful youths.


Iman Afsarian

Iman Afsarian (born 1974, Tehran, Iran) is a realist Iranian painter. He is also the artistic director, editor, author of articles and a notable critic working for the prestigious Iranian quarterly art magazine Herfeh: Honarmand [Profession: Artist] since its first issue in 2003.

Aydin Aghdashloo

Aydin Aghdashloo (; born October 30, 1940) is an Iranian painter, graphist, writer, film critic. Aghdashloo was decorated with the Chevalier (Knight) award, by the French government for his civil achievements.

Bahram Alivandi

Bahram Alivandi (1928 – 21 May 2012) was an Iranian-born Modern artist living in Vienna, Austria. He is known primarily for his paintings, which typically depict stories from Persian mythology and literature, and express oriental mysticism. He has also produced a number of wall tapestries that, like his works on canvas, demonstrate his own instantly recognisable visual language.

Kamrooz Aram

Kamrooz Aram (born 1978 in Shiraz, Iran) is a contemporary artist whose diverse artistic practice engages the complicated relationship between traditional non-Western art and Western Modernism. Through a variety of forms including painting, collage, drawing and installation, Aram has found the potential for image-making to function critically in its use as a tool for a certain renegotiation of history. He lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.


New Brunswick Route 695

Route 695 is a local highway located in south central New Brunswick. It begins in the south at Route 124 in Springfield and runs for , through Cambridge-Narrows, to its northern end in Jemseg at Route 105.

Historical race concepts

People from different places tend to look different. Some scientists in the 18th century decided to classify them into a limited number of variants or races. Some spoke of three races of mankind: The Caucasian race living in Europe, North Africa and West Asia, the Mongoloid race living in East Asia, Australia, and the Americas, and the Negroid race living in Africa south of the Sahara. Others preferred two, with the others arising from mixtures, and some chose four, five, or other numbers of races. 

These ideas were popular from the late 18th century to the middle of the 20th century. These are now called historical definitions of race or historical race concepts. Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of three (or four, or five) races was wrong.

Johann Friedrich Blumenbach's classification, first proposed in 1779, was widely used in the 19th century, with many variations.

The mid-twentieth century racial classification by American anthropologist Carleton S. Coon, also used five races but divided some of them differently:


Heart of Dragon

Heart of Dragon () is a 1985 Hong Kong Japanese action comedy movie directed by Sammo Hung (who also stars). It stars Jackie Chan, Emily Chu, Mang Hoi, Chin Kar-lok, Yuen Wah, Corey Yuen, James Tien, Dick Wei, Lau Kar-wing, Phillip Ko featuring Yuen Biao action director and was distributed by Golden Harvest.



Of Love and Shadows

Of Love and Shadows, also known as De amor y de sombra, is a 1994 Chilean Argentine American romantic drama movie directed by Betty Kaplan and based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Isabel Allende. It stars Antonio Banderas, Jennifer Connelly, Stefania Sandrelli, Patricio Contreras, Jorge Rivera López and was distributed by Miramax Films.

Armour of God

Armour of God () is a 1986 Hong Kong Serbian action comedy movie directed by Jackie Chan (who also stars) and Eric Tsang. It stars Alan Tam, Lola Forner, Rosamund Kwan, Božidar Smiljanić and was distributed by Golden Harvest. It was followed by a 1991 sequel ".


Cambridge-Narrows

Cambridge-Narrows (2016 pop.: 562) is a Canadian village located in Queens County, New Brunswick.

The village is next to Washedemoak Lake, a widening of the Canaan River, several kilometres upstream of the Saint John River. Cambridge-Narrows has 3 main highways, Route 695, Route 715, and Route 710

The village is made of two separate settlements on either side of the river, Cambridge and The Narrows, which were merged under one municipal government in 1966.


Cambridge Parish, New Brunswick

Cambridge Parish is a Canadian parish in Queens County, New Brunswick. It was created from Wickham Parish and Waterborough Parish in 1852, and was named for Prince Adolphus-Frederick, Duke of Cambridge (1774-1850) and uncle of Queen Victoria.

Parish population total does not include incorporated municipalities (in bold): 

This is a list of rivers, lakes, streams, creeks, marshes and Islands that are at least partially in this parish

Population trend

Mother tongue (2016)

Highways and numbered routes that run through the parish, including external routes that start or finish at the parish limits:



Queens County, New Brunswick

Queens County (2016 population 10,472) is located in central New Brunswick, Canada. The county shire town is the village of Gagetown.

The Saint John River and Grand Lake are major landmarks in the county. Coal mining is a major industry in the Minto area. Forestry and mixed farming are found throughout the rest of the county. The CFB Gagetown military training area takes in a large portion of the western part of the county.

There are four municipalities within Queens County (listed by 2016 population):

The county is subdivided into ten parishes (listed by 2016 population):



List of counties of New Brunswick

This is a list of the counties in the Canadian province of New Brunswick, with population and county seats (known in the province as shire towns).

Before New Brunswick was split from Nova Scotia, it was made up of Cumberland and Sunbury Counties. Counties were at the top of a three-layer local government system. Below each county were parishes (townships), Some, but not all, parishes were then further subdivided into municipalities. The exception to this was the municipality of Saint John which was not in a parish but was a sub-division of Saint John County.

With the New Brunswick Equal Opportunity program in 1966, county councils were shut down. Counties continue to be used as an organizational unit, along with parishes, for registration of real-estate and its taxation. They figure prominently in residents' sense of place and continue as significant threads in the Province's culture (i.e., most citizens always know which county they are in). They still appear on most maps.


Albert County, New Brunswick

Albert County (2016 population 29,158) is a county in southeastern New Brunswick, Canada on Chignecto Bay in the Bay of Fundy. Prior to the ending of county government in 1967, the shire town was Hopewell Cape. The county was created in 1845 from parts of Westmorland County and Saint John County, and named after Prince Albert.

There are four municipalities within Albert County (listed by 2016 population):
The county is subdivided into six parishes (listed by 2016 population):

Highways and numbered routes that run through the county, including external routes that start or finish at the county limits:




Adrianna Lilii

Adrianna Lilii (born 9 November 1970) is a New Zealand rugby union player. She played at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Rebecca Luia'ana

Rebecca Luia'ana (born 21 September 1970) is a New Zealand rugby union player. She played at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Robin Hood (Macfarren)

Robin Hood is an English opera in three acts, music by George Alexander Macfarren and libretto by John Oxenford. It was first performed in London, on October 11, 1860.


In the busy street, armourers work at their forge with women spinning yarn while a little flirting goes on between Allan and Alice. Robin Hood soon appears, masquerading under the name of Locksley, and meets Marian, the Sheriff’s daughter. Their intimate conversation is overheard by the Sheriff who will accept Locksley as son-in-law if he proves his marksmanship at tomorrow’s fair. The Sheriff issues a proclamation, offering a reward for the capture of Robin Hood, unaware that he is present as the yeoman, Locksley. The Sompnour enters to ask the Sheriff for protection through the forest as he carries the dues collected for the abbey from the peasantry. Allan, unable to afford his taxes, is ordered to the stocks by the Sheriff despite protests by the townsfolk. Locksley steps forward to pay Allan’s dues for his release. As the sun sets, the Sompnour and Sheriff leave for the castle. Locksley and Marian declare their affection before departing.

Deep in Sherwood forest, by the trysting tree in moonlight, the Merrie Men relax after their toils, with a fat deer roasting. Robin appears to tell Little John of the Sompnour’s expected journey through the forest. They prepare to entrap him: the outlaws conceal themselves while Robin, John and Much, the miller’s son, disguise themselves as shepherds and tend to the fire. The Sompnour appears and tells his guards to arrest the shepherds for stealing the King’s venison. With affected humility they plead for mercy. When this is sternly refused Robin throws off his disguise and sounds his horn. The Sheriff’s men flee, leaving the Sompnour to be captured. Much proposes that he be hanged, but merciful Robin invites the Sompnour to supper. Yet he must pay generously for it. To escape the hanging he must dance for the outlaws’ amusement.

Marian watches the dawn break, imploring Heaven to assist her lover’s marksmanship and gain her father’s approval. The Sheriff appears and gives encouragement. Much reveals to the Sheriff that Robin Hood will be at the fair and asks for the reward, but the Sompnour recognises him from the forest and he is taken away. In the guise of a friar the Sompnour promises to find Robin and claim the reward himself. To this the Sheriff agrees.

We discover a scene of sport, dancing and games. Robin, as Locksley, recognises the Sompnour and tells Allan to get rid of him. After a dance Allan has the Sompnour blindfolded to play a game of ‘Hoodman Blind’. The archery match commences and Locksley proves his skill, enabling him to claim Marian’s hand. The Sompnour returns, recognises Locksley, and denounces him as the infamous Robin Hood. Amidst turmoil Robin is seized by the Sheriff’s men and led away.

Allan and Alice lament the execution of Robin, to take place on the following day. Alice informs the Sheriff that Marian has escaped from her apartment. The Sompnour arrives to claim his reward, but is first told to go to the King for a warrant for Robin Hood’s execution.

Marian appears, dressed as a boy, to tell the outlaws that Robin is to be executed. She leads them to the castle.

In isolation, a distraught Robin awaits his fate. He then hears Marian with his Merrie Men singing outside. This renews his hopes.

Robin is brought from the castle and given time to confess his sins. With his arm freed, he then blows his horn to signal his faithful followers. They appear, led by Marian, to release him but are overpowered. However, the document assumed to be the death warrant is in fact a pardon, given on the understanding that they enter the service of the King. The Sheriff once again consents to the union of Robin and Marian, for which there is general rejoicing.







Izzy Gray

Izzy Gray (born 19 January 1974) is a New Zealand rugby union player. She played at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Val Sullivan

Val Sullivan is an American rugby union player. She played at the 1991 Women's Rugby World Cup. She played for Florida State University.

Tasmanian tree frog

The Tasmanian tree frog or Burrow's tree frog ("Litoria burrowsae") is a frog from Tasmania. They live in high grasslands and forests near ponds and dams.

Adult frogs are 60 mm long from nose to rear end, green with brown marks.

They lay eggs in groups on underwater plants in still water or water that only moves slowly. The eggs take 6 days to hatch.

In 2018 and 2019, scientists from the Australian Museum asked people in Tasmania to go outside and record frog calls on their phones using FrogID in a citizen science project.

Susan Dawson

Susan Dawson (born 20 January 1971) is a New Zealand rugby union player and coach.

She played at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup. She coached for Northland Rugby Union and the Pakistan women's national rugby sevens team.

Claire Godwin

Claire Godwin is an American rugby union player. She played at the 1991 Women's Rugby World Cup. She played for Florida State University.

Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia

Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia, , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 protects employees against discrimination because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.

The plaintiff, Gerald Bostock, was fired after he wanted to work in a gay baseball league. The lower courts followed the Eleventh Circuit's past precedent that Title VII did not cover employment discrimination protection based on sexual orientation. 

The Court ruled in a 6–3 decision by Justice Neil Gorsuch covering all three cases on June 15, 2020 that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity is also discrimination "because of sex" as prohibited by Title VII. 

Jonesboro, Georgia

Jonesboro is a city in Clayton County, Georgia, United States. The population was 4,235 as of the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Clayton County.

R. N. Ravi

Ravindra Narayana Ravi (born 3 April 1952) is an Indian politician who has been the Governor of Tamil Nadu in 2021. He became the Governor of Nagaland in August 2019. From 2019 to 2020, he was the Governor of Meghalaya.

List of governors of Nagaland

This is a list of the governors of Nagaland, a state in Northeast India. R. N. Ravi has been appointed as the next governor of the state.

Zhu Yajing

Zhu Yajing is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2013 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.


Ganeshi Lal

Ganeshi Lal (born 1 March 1941) is an Indian politician. In May 2018, he was appointed by President Ram Nath Kovind as the Governor of Odisha.

List of governors of Odisha

This is a list of the governors of the Indian state of Odisha (formerly Orissa), since its foundation in 1936.


Murlidhar Chandrakant Bhandare

Murlidhar Chandrakant Bhandare (born 10 December 1928) is an Indian politician. He was a senior Indian National Congress leader from Maharashtra and a former Rajya Sabha member for three terms during 1980–1982, 1982–1988 and 1988–1994. He was appointed Governor of Odisha on 19 August 2007, he was sworn in on 21 August. He left office on 9 March 2013.

V. P. Singh Badnore

Vijayender Pal Singh Badnore (born 12 May 1948) is an Indian politician. In August 2016, he became the 28th and current Governor of Punjab. He was a member of Rajya Sabha, elected on 17 June 2010. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.

List of governors of Punjab, India

This is a list of the governors of Punjab state in India since its independence on 15 August 1947. Since 1985 the governor of Punjab has acted as the administrator of Chandigarh as well.

Shen Yineng

Shen Yineng is a Chinese water polo player.
She played at the 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2018 Asian Games.

Sunith Francis Rodrigues

General Sunith Francis Rodrigues, PVSM, VSM (19 September 1933 – 4 March 2022) was an Indian army officer and politician. He was Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army from 1990 to 1993 and Governor of Punjab from 2004 to 2010.

Rodrigues died on 4 March 2022 in Panaji, Goa, India at the age of 88.

Lady Pamela Hicks

Lady Pamela Carmen Louise Hicks (née Mountbatten; born 19 April 1929) is a British aristocrat. She is a relative of the British royal family. 

She is the younger daughter of Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma and Edwina Ashley. Through her father, Lady Pamela is a first cousin of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and a grandniece of the last Empress of Russia, Alexandra Feodorovna. 

She was a bridesmaid and later as a lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth II.

Zhang Danyi

Zhang Danyi is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2018 Asian Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Praful Khoda Patel

Praful Khoda Patel is a former Member of Legislative assembly from Himatnagar constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly (2007–12). He also was MoS Home Minister of Gujarat. He has been the Administrator of Daman and Diu and as the Administrator of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.

In December 2020, he became Administrator of Lakshadweep following the death of Dineshwar Sharma.

List of administrators of Chandigarh

Since 1984 the governor of Punjab has acted as the administrator of Chandigarh. His official residence is Raj Bhavan, Punjab in Chandigarh.

List of administrators of Dadra and Nagar Haveli

The union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli was merged with the nearby territory of Daman and Diu to create the new union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu on 26 January 2020 and the office of Administrator of Dadra and Nagar Haveli was abolished on that date. 

Jagmohan

Jagmohan Malhotra (25 September 1927 – 3 May 2021), known by the mononym Jagmohan, was an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi and Goa, as well as the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir. He was also elected to the Lok Sabha (the lower house of the Indian Parliament) and was the Union Minister for Urban Development and Tourism.

Jagmohan died on 3 May 2021 in New Delhi, India at the age of 93.

Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu

Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu (DNHDD) is a union territory in western India. The population of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu is 585,764 (2011 census), and the union territory covers an area of 603 sq km. It was created through the merger of the union territories of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu. The Government of India announced plans to merge the territories in July 2019. The necessary law was passed in the Parliament of India in December 2019, and the territories merged on 26 January 2020. 

The territory is made up of four separate geographical areas: Dadra, Nagar Haveli, Daman and the island of Diu. The capital is the city of Daman.

Dadra and Nagar Haveli was occupied by the Portuguese in June, 1783. Residents of Dadra and Nagar Haveli got themselves liberated from Portuguese rule on August 2, 1954. From, 1954 to 1961, the territory was administered by a citizen’s council called the Varishta Panchayat of Free Dadra and Nagar Haveli. In 1961, it was merged with the Republic of India and made a Union Territory.

List of administrators of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu

This is a list of Administrators of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu a union territory of India. The union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu was created following the merger of the union territories of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu on 26 January 2020.

A38(M) motorway

The A38(M), usually called the Aston Expressway, is a short motorway in Birmingham, England. It is about long. It runs from the M6 at Gravelly Hill Interchange into Central Birmingham. It first opened in 1972, and is part of the long A38 road.

The motorway is strange as it has seven lanes with no barrier in the middle. Electronic signs above the motorway tell drivers which lanes they can use with either a green tick or red cross. Motorcycles are banned from the middle lane because drains on the ground can make them crash.

Dineshwar Sharma

Dineshwar Sharma (23 March 1954 – 4 December 2020) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Police Service (IPS) officer. He was the chief of the Indian Intelligence Bureau, that is the Director of Intelligence Bureau which is the highest-ranked post in the Indian Police Service (IPS). 

He also was an interlocutor to the government of India for the state of Jammu and Kashmir. In November 2019, he became the 34th Administrator of Lakshadweep.

Sharma died of lung disease on 4 December 2020 at the age of 66.

List of administrators of Lakshadweep

The Administrator of Lakshadweep is the Head of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep. He is also the Chairman of Lakshadweep Development Corporation (a U.T. Administration public sector undertaking) and SPORTS (Society for Promotion of Recreational Tourism and Sports).

Wajahat Habibullah

Wajahat Habibullah (born 30 September 1945) is an Indian politician. He was the chairperson of the National Commission for Minorities. He was the first Chief Information Commissioner of India. He was an officer of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) from 1968 until his retirement in August 2005. He also was the Administrator of Lakshadweep from 1987 to 1990.

Anil Baijal

Anil Baijal is a retired Indian Administrative Service officer and politician. In December 2016, he became the 21st Lieutenant Governor of Delhi. He took over office on 31 December 2016 after the sudden resignation of Najeeb Jung.

Indian Administrative Service

The Indian Administrative Service (IAS) is the administrative arm of the All India Services. It is a key job in civil service of India. The IAS is one of the three arms of the All India Services along with the Indian Police Service and the Indian Forest Service. 

Members of these three services serve the Government of India as well as the individual states. 

List of lieutenant governors of Delhi

The Lieutenant Governor of Delhi is the constitutional head of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. The post was first created in September 1966.

The current Lieutenant Governor is Anil Baijal, a former Union Home Secretary. His official residence is in Raj Niwas, Delhi.

Sundar Lal Khurana

Sundar Lal Khurana (born 10 November 1918) is an Indian politician. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi from 1981 to 1982, Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry in 1984 and the Governor of Tamil Nadu from 1982 to 1988. He was a member of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) and was Union Home Secretary.

M8 motorway (Scotland)

The M8 is a motorway in Scotland. It is very busy, and connects the cities of Glasgow and Edinburgh. It is about long.

G. C. Murmu

Girish Chandra Murmu (born 21 November 1959) is an Indian politician. He was the first lieutenant governor of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir. He was a 1985 batch Indian Administrative Service officer of Gujarat. In October 2019, he became the Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir.

G.C. Murmu was born on 21 November 1959 in Betnoti village of Mayurbhanj district in Odisha in a Santal family. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Political Science from Utkal University. He also holds an MBA degree from University of Birmingham. He is the eldest among eight siblings, six brothers and two sisters. One of his brothers, Sirish Chandra Murmu is working as a chief general manager at the Reserve Bank of India as of 2019.

In 2001, when Narendra Modi became chief minister of Gujarat, Murmu was the Relief Commissioner. Shortly afterwards he became Commissioner, Mines and Minerals and thereafter Managing Director, Gujarat Maritime Board.

Murmu's career took off in 2004 when he was made joint secretary of the Gujarat Home Department, which was headed by Amit Shah and directly supervised by Narendra Modi.
He was given the task of handling the 2002 Gujarat riots cases. when Amit Shah was in jail, Murmu prepared his case papers.

On 31 October 2019, Murmu took charge as the 1st Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir after the formation of the new Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir under the Jammu and Kashmir Reorganisation Act, 2019. He succeeded Governor of Jammu and Kashmir Satya Pal Malik, to become the 1st Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir. On 5 August 2020, he resigned from his position.

On 8 August 2020, he was appointed as the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.


List of lieutenant governors of Jammu and Kashmir

The Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir is the head of state of the Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.

R. K. Mathur

Radha Krishna Mathur (born 25 November 1953) is an Indian IAS officer of Tripura. In October 2019, he became the first Lieutenant Governor of the union territory of Ladakh. He retired as the Chief Information Commissioner of India (CIC) in November 2018. 

List of lieutenant governors of Ladakh

This is a list of lieutenant governors of Ladakh, a union territory of India. The office was created on 31 October 2019.

Kalraj Mishra

Kalraj Mishra (born 1 July 1941) is an Indian politician. In September 2019, he became the Governor of Rajasthan. Briefly in 2019, he was Governor of Himachal Pradesh. He also was a Cabinet Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises. He was a member of Parliament from Deoria constituency in Uttar Pradesh from 2014 to 2019.

List of governors of Rajasthan

The following is a list of governors of Rajasthan.

Kalraj Mishra is the Governor of Rajasthan since 9 September 2019.

Ganga Prasad

Ganga Prasad Chaurasia (born 8 July 1939) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. From 2017 to 2018, he was the Governor of Meghalaya. In 2018, he became the Governor of Sikkim.

List of governors of Sikkim

This is a list of the governors of Sikkim, a state in northeast India.

Banwarilal Purohit

Banwarilal Purohit (born 16 April 1939) is an Indian politician. He is the current and 21st Governor of Tamil Nadu since October 2017. He was appointed as Governor of Assam State by President of India on 17 August 2016.

He was a Member of Parliament from the Nagpur (Lok Sabha constituency) three times, twice as an Indian National Congress member, once as a BJP member.

M9 motorway (Scotland)

The M9 is a motorway in Scotland. It goes from Edinburgh to Dunblane. It is long.

List of governors of Tamil Nadu

The Governor of the State of Tamil Nadu is the constitutional head of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Like all states, the governor is nominated by the President of India.

P. S. Ramamohan Rao

P. S. Ramamohan Rao (born 31 July 1934) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Tamil Nadu from 18 January 2002 to 4 November 2004. He became a member of the Indian Police Service in October 1956. He is a retired Director General of Police of Andhra Pradesh. 

He was awarded the Indian Police Medal in 1974 and the President's Police Medal in 1982.

Fathima Beevi

M. Fathima Beevi (30 April 1927 – 23 November 2023) was an Indian lawyer and politician. She was a Judge of the Supreme Court of India. In 1989, she became the first female judge to be a part of the Supreme Court of India,

She was a member of the National Human Rights Commission and later as the Governor of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu from 1997 to 2001.
Beevi died on 23 November 2023 in Kollam, India at the age of 96.

M60 motorway

The M60, also called the Manchester Ring Motorway or the Manchester Outer Ring Road, is a motorway. It is a ring road around Manchester, England, as well as other towns nearby. The M60 is about long. The M60 was created in 2000 by using old parts of the M62, M66, and all of the M63.

Tamilisai Soundararajan

Dr. Tamilisai Soundararajan (born 2 June 1961) is an Indian doctor and politician. She is the 2nd and current Governor of Telangana since September 2019 and is the Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry (Additional charge) since 18 February 2021.. She was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party until September 2019.

List of governors of Telangana

The Governor of Telangana is the nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of Telangana. The Governor is appointed by the President for a term of 5 years.

Since 8 September 2019, Dr. Tamilisai Soundararajan is the Governor of Telangana.

E. S. L. Narasimhan

Ekkadu Srinivasan Lakshmi Narasimhan (born 1945) is an Indian politician. He was the 1st Governor of Telangana from 2014 to 2019. He also was Governor of Andhra Pradesh from December 2009 to July 2019 and Governor of Chhattisgarh from January 2007 to December 2009. 

He was the Director of the Intelligence Bureau from February 2005 to December 2006. 

Narasimhan was Governor for 12 years making him the longest-serving Governor in India.

M62 motorway

The M62 is a motorway in Northern England. It connects Liverpool and Manchester with Leeds and Hull. It is about long. Around seven miles of the motorway is shared with the M60.

In 1974, the Provisional Irish Republican Army bombed a coach, killing 12 people. In 2001, a car veered off the road onto a railway track, causing a train crash which killed 10 people. 

Frosty (frozen dairy dessert)

The Frosty is the signature frozen dessert of Wendy's restaurants. The Frosty's original light chocolate flavor (a mix of chocolate and vanilla), was at first the only flavor offered. Wendy's founder Dave Thomas thought that a pure chocolate flavor would overwhelm the taste of the restaurant's hamburgers. In August 2006, a vanilla flavor was introduced after repeated consumer requests.

Ramesh Bais

Ramesh Bais (born 2 August 1948) is an Indian politician. He is 10th and current Governor of Jharkhand. He also served as the 18th Governor of Tripura from July 2019 to July 2021. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a Union Minister of State (Independent charge) for Environment and Forests in Atal Bihari Vajpayee's government from 1999. He was elected to the Lok Sabha from Raipur.

List of governors of Tripura

This is a list of the governors of Tripura, a state in northeast India, since its inception as a state on 21 January 1972.

D. Y. Patil

Dnyandeo Yashwantrao Patil (born 22 October 1935) is an Indian politician. He was Governor of Bihar state in eastern India from 29 May 2012 to 26 November 2014. He was a leader of the Indian National Congress from Maharashtra state. He was appointed as the Governor of West Bengal (additional charge).

Siddheshwar Prasad

Professor Siddheshwar Prasad (born 19 January 1929) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Indian National Congress. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Nalanda Constituency of Bihar in 1962, 1967 and 1971. He was the Governor of Tripura from June 1995 to June 2000.

Anandiben Patel

Anandiben Patel (born 21 November 1941) is an Indian politician. She was the former Chief Minister of Gujarat. She was the first female chief minister of the state. She was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) since 1987. She was the Cabinet Minister for Education from 2002 to 2007.

In 19 January 2018, she became the Governor of Madhya Pradesh replacing Om Prakash Kohli who was holding additional charge since September 2016.

In July 2020, she became Governor of Madhya Pradesh again.

List of governors of Uttar Pradesh

The following is the list of governors of Uttar Pradesh.

Ram Naik

Ram Naik (born 16 April 1934) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the BJP. He was the 19th Governor of Uttar Pradesh from 2014 to 2019.

Baby Rani Maurya

Baby Rani Maurya (born 15 August 1956) is an Indian politician. She was the seventh Governor of Uttarakhand from 26 August 2018 to 15 September 2021. She started her political career with the Bharatiya Janata Party in the early 1990s. She was the first woman mayor of Agra from 1995 to 2000. From 2002 until 2005, she was on the National Commission for Women.

List of governors of Uttarakhand

The governor of Uttarakhand is appointed by the President of India for a term of five years. The governor is appointed by the President of India.


Jagdeep Dhankhar

Jagdeep Dhankhar (born 18 May 1951) is an Indian politician, who is the 14th Vice President of India since 2022. He served as the Governor of West Bengal. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He served as the Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs in the Chandra Shekhar ministry.

In July 2022, the National Democratic Alliance announced Dhankhar as its vice presidential nominee for the 2022 election and he won the election eventually.

List of governors of West Bengal

The Governor of West Bengal is a nominal head and representative of the President of India in the state of West Bengal. He is the Head of State of West Bengal. The governor is appointed by the president for a term of five years. 

M. K. Narayanan

Mayankote Kelath Narayanan (born 10 March 1934) is an Indian politician. He was National Security Adviser of India from 2005 to 2010. Subsequently he served as Governor of West Bengal from 2010 to 2014. From 2010 to 2014, he was the Governor of West Bengal.

John Hannah (actor)

John David Hannah (born 23 April 1962) is a Scottish actor. He is known for his roles in "Four Weddings and a Funeral" (1994), "Sliding Doors" (1998) and "The Mummy" trilogy (1999–2008).

Kathryn Hach-Darrow

Kathryn "Kitty" Hach-Darrow (October 20, 1922 – June 4, 2020) was an American businesswoman. She co-founded the Hach Chemical Company in 1947 with her first husband Clifford C. Hach (pronounced hɑ:k). She was CEO of the Hach company.

Hach-Darrow was also the first woman director of the American Water Works Association, an international non-profit working for better water quality. She was known for her philanthropic work.

Bucklin, Missouri

Bucklin is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States. The population was 413 at the 2020 census.

Linneus, Missouri

Linneus is a small city in Linn County, Missouri, United States. The population was 281 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Linn County.

Loveland, Colorado

Loveland is the Home Rule Municipality in Larimer County, Colorado, United States. Loveland is situated north of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver and is the 14th most populous city in Colorado. As of the 2020 census the population of Loveland was 76,378.

Albina Washburn was the first teacher in Loveland. She started teaching there in 1864. 



Duilio Arigoni

Duilio Arigoni (December 6, 1928 – June 10, 2020) was a Swiss chemist. He was an Emeritus Professor at ETH Zurich. He worked on the biosynthetic pathways of many organic natural substances.

He was also a visiting professor at Harvard University and Cambridge University. He has worked as a professor at ETH Zurich for over fifty years.

Arigoni died on June 10, 2020 at the age of 91.

Giulio Giorello

Giulio Giorello (; 14 May 1945 – 15 June 2020) was an Italian philosopher, mathematician, and epistemologist. He was born in Milan. He taught physics and natural sciences at the University of Pavia, University of Catania, University of Insubria and the University of Milan.

He was also President of SILFS (Italian Society of Logic and Philosophy of Science).

Giorello died in Milan on 15 June 2020 from COVID-19, aged 75.

Marinho (footballer, born 1957)

Mário José dos Reis Emiliano (23 May 1957 – 15 June 2020), commonly known as Marinho, was a Brazilian professional footballer and assistant manager, He played for Bangu. He played as a right winger. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.

Marinho died on 15 June 2020 in Belo Horizonte from pancreatitis caused by prostate cancer, aged 63.


Anton Schlembach

Anton Schlembach (7 February 1932 – 15 June 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic official. He was the 95th Bishop of Speyer from 1985 to 2007.

On 25 August 1983 Pope John Paul II named him the successor to bishop Friedrich Wetter. He became the bishop on 16 October 1983 in the Speyer cathedral. Pope Benedict XVI agreed to his retirement, effective 10 February 2007.

Schlembach died 15 June 2020, aged 88.

Mike McCormick (pitcher)

Michael Francis McCormick (September 29, 1938 – June 13, 2020) was an American baseball pitcher who played 16 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the New York and San Francisco Giants, Baltimore Orioles, Washington Senators, New York Yankees and Kansas City Royals from 1956 to 1971. He batted and threw left-handed and was primarily a starting pitcher.

McCormick died on June 13, 2020 in Cornelius, North Carolina from Parkinson's disease, aged 81.

Mohammad Asghar

Mohammad Asghar (30 September 1945 – 16 June 2020) known as Oscar, was a Welsh politician. He was a member of the Welsh Conservative Party, and of the Welsh Labour Party, and Plaid Cymru. He was elected to the Welsh Assembly in 2007 as a member of Plaid Cymru on the list for South Wales East. 

He is best known for being the first ethnic minority and Muslim Member of the Senedd, and being the first Assembly Member who was a member of a political party to defect to another party.

Asghar died on 16 June 2020 after being rushed to hospital in Newport, Wales earlier in the day, aged 74.

Fred Jarvis

Frederick Frank Jarvis CBE (8 September 1924 – 16 June 2020) was a British trade union leader. He was President of the National Union of Students (NUS) from 1952 to 1954 and General Secretary of the National Union of Teachers (NUT) from 1975 to 1989. 

Jarvis was President of the Trades Union Congress in 1987. 

Harriet Jacobs

Harriet Jacobs (1813 or 1815 – March 7, 1897) was an African American in the 19th century. She was born as a slave in North Carolina, but learned to read and escaped to the North in the 1842.

When she was still a girl, her master wanted to start a sexual relationship with her. She refused and entered into a relationship with Samuel Tredwell Sawyer. Sawyer was a lawyer and had some power to protect her. He became the father of her two children, Joseph and Louisa Matilda. Still, the law gave a master absolute power over a slave. Jacobs's master wanted to sell her children away from her. In 1835, she decided to hide in a small room in her grandmother's house. That room was so small that she could not stand up. She had to stay there for seven years. Because she could neither stand nor walk, she was suffering from leg problems for many years afterwards. In 1842, she was finally able to escape to Philadelphia by boat. From Philadelphia, she went to New York where she found work as a nanny for the children of Nathaniel Parker Willis. Also her brother John S. Jacobs and her children were able to escape from slavery.

While she was still working as nanny for the Willis children during the day, at night she wrote down her experiences. In January 1861, her experiences were finally published as a book called "Incidents in the Life of Slave Girl, written by herself." After the American Civil War had started in April 1861, she went to Alexandria, Virginia. There she helped black people who had just escaped from slavery. She spent her last years in Washington, D.C. where she lived together with her daughter.

After the Civil War, the slaves were set free. The people of the United States lost interest in slavery and forgot Jacobs and her book. But in the second half of the 20th century, people began to show new interest in the history of slavery. Professor Jean Fagan Yellin did a lot of research work and wrote the book "Harriet Jacobs. A Life. The Remarkable Adventures of the Woman who Wrote Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl". Today, people call Jacobs's book an "American classic", meaning that it is one of the most important books written in the United States of America. 

Anastassia Zoubkova

Anastassia Zoubkova is a Russian water polo player. She was part of the Russian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Monica Vaillant

Monica Vaillant (born 16 December 1967 in Rome) is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 1998 World Aquatics Championships, and 2001 World Aquatics Championships.

She was a member of Racing Roma when they won the Women's LEN Trophy in 2006-2007, and 2007-2008.

She was assistant coach of the Women's Water Polo National Team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Gabriella Sciolti

Gabriella Sciolti is an Italian water polo player. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played for the 2001 World Aquatics Championships. and 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Paola Sabbatini

Paola Sabbatini is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 World Aquatics Championships.

She was a member of the Italian team at the 2015 FINA World Masters Championship.

Anne Klein Women's Prize

Anne Klein Women's Prize is an award in order to celebrate the memory of Anne Klein. The Heinrich Böll Foundation started the award in 2012, and gives annual prize to women committed to gender democracy.

Clicker Heroes

Clicker Heroes is a free-to-play video game. Playsaurus made it. It is an idle game.

"Clicker Heroes" is a spinoff of the Playsaurus game "Cloudstone".

"Clicker Heroes" was released in 2014 for web browsers. It was also released for phones in 2015. In 2017, it was released for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 gaming consoles. 

Players play "Clicker Heroes" by clicking on creatures (known as “monsters”) to kill them. Monsters give gold when the player kills them. Players can use gold to buy heroes. These automatically kill monsters. "Clicker Heroes" works without the need for the player to do anything.

"Clicker Heroes" was released on the gaming website Kongregate in August 2014. It was also released on Armor Games in September 2014. 

"Clicker Heroes" was released onto the Steam platform in May 2015 for Microsoft Windows and OS X. On August 20, 2015, it was also released for iOS and Android.

Critics quite liked "Clicker Heroes". Nathan Grayson of "Kotaku" called it “[a] perfect office space distraction”. Christian Donlan, a writer for "Eurogamer", said that the game was his “office secret” and that it was very addictive. Sammy Barker of "Push Square" gave "Clicker Heroes" a score of 5/10.

Because "Clicker Heroes" was well-liked on Steam, there are now many other idle games on that platform.

Playsaurus made a second "Clicker Heroes" game called "Clicker Heroes 2". Unlike the first "Clicker Heroes", "Clicker Heroes 2" is not free-to-play.

"Clicker Heroes" was removed for a short time from the Apple App Store in May 2019. This was because a Chinese company made a clone of "Clicker Heroes." They then asked Apple to take the original version of the game off the app store.


Decode Entertainment

Decode Entertainment was a Canadian production company company. It was founded by Steven DeNure, Neil Court and John Delmage in 1997, and produced kids shows (animated and live action).

In 2006, Decode Entertainment merged with Halifax Film Company; the result of that merger was the company DHX Media.

Decode then became a subsidiary company of DHX, gaining distribution rights to Halifax Film shows in the process. In 2010, all DHX companies including Decode were all rebranded under the DHX name, with distribution transferred to DHX proper.
In 2011, DHX Media ceased producing content at the ex-Decode offices. DHX acquired Epitome Pictures in 2014, which assumed the name of DHX Studios in 2016, but this company had no relation outside the name.



Kristina Hänel

Kristina Gisela Hänel (born August 5, 1956 ) is a German doctor in general medicine and emergency medicine. In 2018, she won the Clara Zetkin women's award. In 2019, she won the Anne Klein Women's Prize.

She was practicing in Gießen and gained national fame, when she was charged with advertising for the termination of pregnancy ( Section 219a of the Criminal Code ) and fined. She appealed to the higher court, and in July 2019 (Az .: 1 Ss 15/19) , the conviction was referred back to the Gießen district court, which has to renegotiate the case with a view to the amendment to Section 219a of the Criminal Code passed in March 2019.

Stephen Berry

Stephen William Berry is an American historian, and Greg Gregory Professor of the Civil War Era at the University of Georgia. He was a fellow of the American Council of Learned Societies.
He studied at University of North Carolina. He taught at University of North Carolina at Pembroke. He is co-director of the Center for Virtual History.


Samlakki tree frog

The Samlakki tree frog ("Litoria capitula") is a frog from Indonesia. It has been found on one large island.

Aad van den Heuvel

Aad van den Heuvel (28 June 1935 – 10 June 2020) was a Dutch journalist, presenter and writer. He was born in Rotterdam. In 1997 he was the main presenter for the KRO television program "De Nieuwsgier". As a radio presenter Van den Heuvel presented "Blik op morgen" and "Op de valreep".

After 1973, Van den Heuvel started a few television programs like "J.C.J. van Speykshow", "Cursief" and "Alles is Anders-show", followed by "De Ver van mijn Bed-show" and "KRO Middageditie".

Heuvel died on 10 June 2020 in Rotterdam, aged 84. 

\

Patrick Poivey

Patrick Poivey (18 February 1948 – 16 June 2020) was a French actor. He was known for being a voice actor, having dubbed Bruce Willis's movies from 1988 until his death. He was born in Paris. His best known non-dubbing roles were in "Loulou" (1980) and in "" (2014).

Poivey died on 16 June 2020 from a stroke in Paris, aged 72.

John G. Richardson

John G. Richardson (June 29, 1957 – June 16, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was Maine's Commissioner of Economic and Community Development and the Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives from 2004 to 2006. He was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006. 

Richardson unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maine in 2010. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Richardson died on June 16, 2020 from a heart attack in Brunswick, Maine at the age of 62.

Brunswick, Maine

Brunswick is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population was 21,756 at the 2020 United States Census.

Cristina Consoli

Cristina Consoli is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 1998 World Aquatics Championships, and 2001 World Aquatics Championships.

Daria Starace

Daria Starace is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1995 Women's European Water Polo Championship and 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

She played for Waterpolo Messina.

Eleonora Gay

Eleonora Gay is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Silvia Avegno

Silvia Avegno (born 15 June 1997 in Genoa) is an Italian water polo player. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Rapallo Pallanuoto.

Sharan Wheelock

Sharan Wheelock is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships, 1991 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 1995 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 1997 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

Andrew Ryan (BioShock)

Andrew Ryan is a fictional character and an important villain from the video game "BioShock." He is the creator of Rapture, the city where "BioShock" takes place. He is based on the real-life author Ayn Rand. Like Ayn Rand, Andrew Ryan is an atheist and an objectivist. Objectivism is the belief that everything people do should only be done if it helps their own self-interest. Andrew Ryan hates people whom he calls "parasites", or people who take away the money or the goods that other people worked hard to make.

Andrew Ryan was born as Andrei Rayanovskiy in the Russian Empire. He was a boy when the Russian Revolution happened. After the revolution, the Bolsheviks took away his family business and killed his family. This made him hate communism because he believed that it was a government and economic system made by "parasites". 

A few years after the revolution, he fled to America. He really liked capitalism because it was an economic system where people could keep the money and goods they worked for. However, during the Great Depression, President Franklin D. Roosevelt made a lot of government programs to help poor people. Andrew Ryan hated this because he did not like that people would be forced to give away money and goods to poor people who did not work for it.

During the New Deal, Andrew Ryan felt that there was no good place on Earth where people could keep all the money and goods they worked hard for. Since he could not find such a place, he decided to make such a place himself. In 1946, he began building the underwater city of Rapture. In 1951, the city was completed. Andrew Ryan looked for smart and talented people who did not like the governments or religions on the surface and allowed them to live in Rapture. People came to Rapture because Andrew Ryan made it to be a place where people could do or become anything they wanted if they worked hard for it. 

At first, Rapture developed very quickly because there were many smart scientists who could do any research they wanted. However, after a few years the wealth gap between rich and poor became very wide. This allowed Frank Fontaine to help the poor so that he could begin to control Rapture. Afraid that Fontaine was become too powerful, Ryan took away many rights the people of Rapture had before and became a dictator. By doing this, Andrew Ryan betrayed the same values he built Rapture on. Later, there was a civil war between the rich people (who supported Ryan) and the poor (who supported Fontaine). After the war, Rapture became too dangerous to live in. As a result, most people who could do so left Rapture and returned to the surface world.

Before the civil war, Andrew Ryan had sex with a prostitute named Jasmine Jolene and she became pregnant with a son. Since she needed money, she sold the embryo of her son to Fontaine. Fontaine hired scientists Yi Suchong and Brigid Tenenbaum to experiment on the child, Jack, so that he could learn and grow into a fully-capable adult in less than four years. They also programmed him to obey certain commands without him knowing it. Specifically, he would obey any command he hears if he also hears the phrase "would you kindly". Suchong and Tenenbaum also gave him false memories so that he would never learn of his true purpose, to kill Andrew Ryan.

In 1960, while Jack was sitting on a plane flying over the Atlantic Ocean, he reads a letter that he thought was written by his parents. Actually, they were instructions for him to steal the plane and crash it just outside Rapture. He obeyed the instructions because the phrase "would you kindly" was written on it. Not knowing what happened, Jack though the plane crashed. After the plane crashed, Jack would swim to a nearby lighthouse. This lighthouse happened to be the entrance for Rapture.

After Jack arrives in Rapture, Fontaine, pretending to be an Irishman named Atlas, tells Jack he can help him if Jack helps Atlas rescue his wife and son (which he does not really have). After Ryan blows up the submarine that Atlas said his wife and son were on, he tells Jack to get revenge on Ryan by killing him.

At first Ryan thought that Jack was a CIA or KGB agent sent to destroy Rapture. However, right when Jack was outside Ryan's office, Ryan realizes that Jack is his son and he chooses not to hurt or attack Jack. When Jack waits outside Ryan's office, Ryan tells Jack that he was being controlled by Atlas his whole life so Jack could kill Ryan. Ryan gives Jack his golf club and commands Jack to kill him. Jack could not refuse to kill Ryan because Ryan said the phrase, "would you kindly." Ryan did this to show that he was a man and Jack was a slave, because "a man chooses, a slave obeys".

Half a Loaf of Kung Fu

Half a Loaf of Kung Fu () is a 1978 Hong Kong Taiwanese action comedy movie directed by Chen Chi-hwa and starring Jackie Chan, Dean Shek, Wu Ma, James Tien, Doris Lung, Ma Ju-lung.


Debbie Handley

Debbie Handley Cummins is an Australian water polo player. She was elected to the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.

She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Home from the Hill (movie)

Home from the Hill is a 1960 American drama movie directed by Vincente Minnelli and based on the 1958 novel of the same name by William Humphrey. It stars Robert Mitchum, Eleanor Parker, George Peppard, George Hamilton, Everett Sloane, Luana Patten and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Stephanie Neesham

Stephanie Neesham is an Australian water polo player. She played for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1998 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Melville Water Polo Club and Fremantle Marlins.

Katie Finucane

Katie Finucane is an Australian water polo player and coach. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 2007 Holiday Cup and 2007 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

She graduated from Curtin University. She played for the Fremantle Marlins. She coached for the Fremantle Marlins.

Jemma Dessauvagie

Jemma Dessauvagie is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Britt Herbots

Britt Herbots (born 24 September 1999) is a Belgian volleyball player. She was a member of the Belgium women's national volleyball team.

She played at the 2015 Girls' Youth European Volleyball Championship, 2015 FIVB Volleyball Girls' U18 World Championship, 2016 Montreux Volley Masters, 2016 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, 2017 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, 2017–18 CEV Women's Champions League, 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, and 2019 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

At the club level, she played for Busto Arsizio.

National Library of Azerbaijan

The Mirza Fatali Akhundov National Library of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: "Mirzə Fətəli Axundov adına Azərbaycan Milli Kitabxanası") is the national library of Azerbaijan, located in Baku and founded in 1922. It is named after Mirza Fatali Akhundov, an Azerbaijani dramatist and philosopher. 

The library was founded by the government of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic in 1922. The library moved to its current location on May 23, 1923. The building was designed by Azerbaijani architect Mikayil Huseynov. Its facades has statues of various writers and poets: Nizami Ganjavi, Mahsati, Uzeyir Hajibeyov, Shota Rustaveli, Alexander Pushkin and several others. It was first known as the "General Library and State Book Storage of Azerbaijan". On July 11, 1939, the library got its present name.

The library includes 25 sections and 26 sectors. The library has approximately 4,513,000 publishing materials from books, journals, newspapers, magazines, sound and music recordings, patents, databases, maps, stamps, prints, drawings and manuscripts, including copies of all the newspapers published during the Soviet period.

The library, the only one of its kind in the country, has microfilm and photos of newspapers published in Azerbaijan before the Bolshevik Revolution.

The National Library of Azerbaijan is also the official and central repository of the country. It receives four copies of every new book and two copies of every magazine and newspaper published in Azerbaijan. 


Mary Lake

Mary Lake (born 16 September 1998) is an American volleyball player. She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team.

She played at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.

She played for Brigham Young University's women's volleyball team.

Haleigh Washington

Haleigh Washington (born 22 September 1995) is an American volleyball player. She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team.

She played at the 2018 Pan American Cup, 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup.

She played for Pennsylvania State University's women's volleyball team.

Dana Rettke

Dana Rettke (born 21 January 1999) is an American volleyball player. She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team.

She played at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.

She played for the University of Wisconsin's women's volleyball team.

Vatanyar Yagyua

Vatanyar Saidovich Yagya (18 September 1938 – 17 June 2020) was a Russian politician. He was born in Leningrad. He was a member of United Russia.

Yagyua was a member of the Leningrad city council from 1990 to 1993. He later became a member of the Legislative Assembly of Saint Petersburg from 1994 until his retirement in 2011.

He also worked at the Saint Petersburg State University as Head of the International Relations Department.

Yagyua died on 17 June 2002 in Saint Petersburg at the age of 81.

Tariq Aziz (TV personality)

Tariq Aziz (, 28 April 1936 – 17 June 2020) was a Pakistani actor, television show host and politician. He was known for his work on the PTV's Quiz Show Neelam Ghar, later renamed the "Tariq Aziz Show". He also was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan between 1997 and 1999. He was born in Jalandhar, then British India.

Aziz died on 17 June 2020 in Lahore after being hospitalized for a day, aged 84.

Willie Thorne

William Joseph Thorne (4 March 1954 – 17 June 2020) was an English professional snooker player. He won the 1985 Classic, his only ranking title. He lost 16–14 to Steve Davis in the final of the 1985 UK Championship. His nickname was "Mr Maximum." After retiring as a player, Thorne became a snooker commentator, working for the BBC. He was born in Leicester, England.

In March 2020, Thorne was diagnosed with leukaemia. On 16 June 2020, he was placed in an induced coma after suffering from respiratory failure. He died the next day at a hospital in Torrevieja, Spain, from sepsis caused by the cancer. He was 66.

2020 China–India skirmishes

The 2020 China–India skirmishes are part of an ongoing military standoffs between China and India. Since 5 May 2020, Chinese and Indian troops have reportedly engaged in aggressive actions, face-offs, and other kinds of intense military action at locations along the Sino-Indian border.

Hand-to-hand combat on 16 June 2020 resulted in the death of 20 Indian soldiers (including an officer), Indian media sources have so far claimed that at least 43 Chinese soldiers were either dead or injured (including the death of an officer) while US intelligence sources reportedly believe that 35 Chinese soldiers are dead, including a senior officer.

Incidents have taken place near the Pangong Lake in Ladakh and the Nathu La pass in Sikkim. In addition, face-offs are ongoing at locations in eastern Ladakh, along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) which was the result of the 1962 Sino-Indian War.

According to some reports, China captured 60 km. of Indian-patrolled territory between May and June 2020. However, China has denied capturing any territory and both countries agreed to disengage by June 2020.

Between this clash, the Indian government hasn't admitted publicly to Indian citizens that Chinese PLA troops have trangressed their territory. On 6 August 2020 one such document was published in Ministry of Defense website of India claiming that the current clash is expected to be prolonged. This document was taken down by the official website.

According to S Jaishankar, the External Affairs Minister of India, the ongoing military standoff is a result of Beijing not following the existing agreements.

Kaesong

Kaesong ( , , ) is a special city in the southern part of North Korea. It was the capital of Korea during the Taebong kingdom and Goryeo dynasty. The city is near the Kaesong Industrial Region close to the border with South Korea.

During the Japanese occupation from 1910 to 1945, the city was known by the Japanese pronunciation of its name, "Kaijō". Between 1945 and 1950, Kaesong was part of South Korea and under its control. 

The 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement left the city under North Korean control. Due to the city's close distance to the border with South Korea, Kaesong has hosted exchanges between the two countries as well as the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Region.

As of 2009, the city had a population of 192,578.

In 2019, a large portion of Kesong was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site called the Historic Monuments and Sites in Kaesong. The palaces, tombs, observatory, and other buildings in this site show the history of the Koryo Dynasty.

Inter-Korean Liaison Office

The Inter-Korean Liaison Office () was a joint office of North Korea and South Korea located in North Korea's Kaesong Industrial Region.

The building was a "de facto" embassy and gave a direct communication line for the two nations. 

It was headed by North Korean Representative Jon Jong-su, vice chairman of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland and South Korean Representative Chun Hae-sung, vice minister of the Ministry of Unification.

The four-story office building was destroyed by North Korea on 16 June 2020. It had been empty since January due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Richard A. Falk

Richard Anderson Falk (born November 13, 1930) is an American human rights activist, academic and writer. He was a professor of international law at Princeton University. He is the author or co-author of 20 books and the editor or co-editor of another 20 volumes.

From 2008 to 2014, he was a United Nations special rapporteur on "the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967".

Falk was born in New York City. He is Jewish. He is married to Hilal Elver.

&quot;Litoria&quot; castanea

""Litoria"" "castanea", also known as the yellow-spotted tree frog, New England swamp frog, tablelands bell frog or yellow-spotted bell frog is a frog from eastern Australia. People thought these frogs were extinct, but then scientists found some in 2009.

There used to be two groups of yellow-spotted bell frogs, one in the north on the New England Tableland and one in the south near Canberra. Some scientists said these should count as two different species of frogs. The northern frogs lived between 1000 and 1500 meters above sea level and the southern frogs lived between 700 and 800 meters above sea level. Both groups of frogs lived in permanent bodies of water, like swamps, lagoons, and the parts of rivers where the water flows slowly.

People thought these frogs all died from a fungus disease in the 1970s, but in 2009 some were found alive in the Southern Tablelands. At first, the scientists did not tell anyone where they found the frog. They were worried that frog fans would come to take photographs of them, try to catch them, or scare them away. The scientists took some of the frogs and tadpoles to the Taronga Zoo. The scientists left the other yellow-spotted tree frogs where they were. The person who owned the land where the frogs were living agreed to help protect them.

Sometime after that, the wild frogs all died. In 2018, scientists took some of the frogs they had raised at the Taronga Zoo and set them free in another part of the Southern Tablelands. The scientists asked any person who thought they'd heard the frogs to make a recording of their calls with their phones.

The largest yellow-spotted tree frogs are 8 cm long. They have yellow or white spots on their legs and bellies. Their feet are completely webbed. Their backs are green with bronze and black spots. Their voices sound like a car engine failing to start.

These frogs look for food at night and like to sit in the sun during the day. They lay their eggs on underwater plants. During the winter, these frogs hide under stones, logs, or plants.

The government of Australia has made programs to protect these frogs. They are in danger from feral cats that like to eat them and from a fungus that causes a disease called chytridiomycosis. Scientists think that invasive species of fish and more ultraviolet radiation may also be killing these frogs. Too much ultraviolet light can stop their eggs from hatching.

As of 2016, this frog is "incertae sedis". That means the scientists aren't sure what genus the species should be in. That is why they put quotation marks around the genus, in ""Litoria" castanea".

Korean Unification Flag

The Korean Unification Flag is a flag designed to represent all of Korea when North and South Korea participate as one team in sporting events.

The background is white. In the center there is a blue figure of the Korean Peninsula, including Jeju Island to the southwest, and Ulleungdo and the Liancourt Rocks to the east, added in 2003.

In the 2018 Winter Olympics, Ulleungdo and the Liancourt Rocks were not included in the flag.

Stopper (plug)

A stopper is a small object used to seal a container. They are generally used for bottles or test tubes. They are usually made of plastic, rubber, glass or cork. They are also known as bung, a plug or if made of cork, as a cork.

Kelly T. Clements

Kelly Tallman Clements is an American diplomat. She serves as the Deputy High Commissioner for Refugees at the . UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon named her to this job in June 2015.

Prior to joining UNHCR, Clements was a member of the and , with a long career at the U.S. Department of State. She served as Deputy Assistant Secretary at the Department of State's Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration (PRM) from 2010-2015. From 1993 to 1996, she served at the United States Permanent Mission to the United Nations. She was Special Assistant to the Under Secretary of State for Global Affairs from 1997 to 1998. She served as a Senior Emergency Officer for Europe, the Newly Independent States, and the Americas, and later as Balkans Assistance Coordinator. Clements was deployed to Albania in 1999, and then led PRM’s Office of Policy and Resource Planning, where she oversaw the Bureau’s strategic planning, policy development and financial resources to protect and assist refugees, conflict victims and vulnerable migrants worldwide. In 2014, Clements was Acting Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. 

Clements holds a B.A. in International Studies and an M.A. in Urban Affairs from the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. She is married to Andrew Clements and has two children. She is a citizen of the United States and lives in Geneva, Switzerland. 


Lakhta Center

The Lakhta Center () is an 87-story skyscraper built in the Northwestern neighborhood of Lakhta, Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is tall and is the tallest building in Europe, the tallest building in Russia, and the 14th-tallest building in the world. 

On 24 December 2018, Lakhta Center was certified according to the criteria of ecological efficiency at LEED Platinum.

In August 2021, Gazprom, formerly headquartered in Moscow, completed its re-registration process in Saint Petersburg. The new address of the company is at the Lakhta Center Multifunctional Complex.

The centre is designed for large-scale mixed-use development, consisting of public facilities and offices. First designed by British architectural firm RMJM, the project was then continued by Gorproject (2011–2017) under the main contractor, Turkish company Rönesans Holding.

In addition to the tower, the complex has other buildings. The multi-functional building (MFZ) has two buildings, North and South, which are united by a common foundation, stylobate and roof. The building resembles a boomerang. It has many storeys with a height difference from 7 to 17 floors, with the peak height being a little more than 80 meters. The structure is about 300 meters long. The complex also has a third building, which consists of two separate wings connected by a courtyard. The MFZ contains a planetarium, which has a holding capacity of 140 people.

Lakhta Center received the Emporis Skyscraper Awards' "Skyscraper of the Year"-award in 2020. On May 20, 2021, the skyscraper won the facade engineering category award at the CTBUH Awards.The building also received 2 other Awards of Excellence that year: the structural engineering and geotechnical engineering awards. In October 2021, IFC Lakhta Center won the Grand Prix of Russia's largest engineering and architectural award 100 + Awards.

Federation Tower

The Federation Tower () is a skyscraper made up of two skyscrapers built on the 13th lot of the Moscow International Business Center (MIBC) in Moscow, Russia. The two skyscrapers are named Tower East or Vostok (Russian: Восток; literally means "East") and Tower West or Zapad (Russian: Запад; literally means "West").

The supertall skyscraper Tower East (Vostok) is currently the second-tallest skyscraper in Europe and Russia after Lakhta Center, and the 55th-tallest building in the world. Zapad is a shorter skyscraper than Vostok and is the 11th-tallest building in Russia. 

Harmarville, Pennsylvania

Harmarville is an unincorporated community located in Harmar Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.

Harmarville was settled by farmers and by immigrant coal miners who worked in the Harmar Mine (now closed).

Harmar Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

Harmar Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,133 at the 2020 census.

Martina Sinigalia

Martina Sinigalia (born 21 January 1995) is an Italian fencer. She won a gold medal in foil at the 2019 Summer Universiade.


Martina Savioli

Martina Savioli (born 6 September 1990 in Piove di Sacco) is an Italian water polo player. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 Women's LEN Super Cup.


Ranoidea chloris

Ranoidea chloris, commonly known as the red-eyed tree frog or orange-eyed tree frog, is a frog from eastern Australia. It lives in forests, wetlands and sometimes cities.

Adult frogs look for food at night and spend most of their time in trees.

They lay their eggs in permanent or temporary bodies of water, so the tadpoles must grow into frogs quickly or they will die when their homes dry up. The tadpoles start out yellow but become green as they grow. Red-eyed tree frog tadpoles can jump out of the water to catch flying insects.

Louis Lombardi

Louis Lombardi Jr. (born January 17, 1968) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Edgar Stiles in the Fox series "24" and Skip Lipari in the HBO series "The Sopranos". His other television work includes "Fantasy Island", "Mob City", "Entourage", "Heroes" and "".

Lombardi's movie credits include "Beer League", "The Usual Suspects", "Natural Born Killers", "Suicide Kings", "Beverly Hills Cop III", "The Animal", "Spider-Man 2", "3000 Miles to Graceland", "The Crew", "The Hot Chick", "The Spirit", "Battleship" and "Jersey Boys". He also wrote, directed and starred in the movie "Dough Boys" (2008).

Lombardi was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Joseph R. Gannascoli

Joseph R. Gannascoli (born February 15, 1959) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Vito Spatafore in the HBO series "The Sopranos" from 2000 to 2006. His movie credits include "Money for Nothing" (1993), "Mickey Blue Eyes" (1999), "Men in Black 3" (2012) and "An Act of War" (2015).

Gannascoli was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He married Diana Benincasa in 2005.

Sally Banes

Sally Rachel Banes (October 9, 1950 – June 14, 2020) was an American dance historian, writer, and critic. She was born in Silver Spring, Maryland 

Banes first worked for the "Chicago Reader" starting in 1973. She was a dance critic for the "Village Voice", "SoHo Weekly News" and "Dance Magazine." 

She worked as an editor for the "Dance Research Journal" from 1982 to 1988.

Banes died on June 14, 2020 from ovarian cancer in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the age of 69.

Gulph Mills, Pennsylvania

Gulph Mills is an unincorporated community in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

General George Washington's army encamped in the area for a week before leaving for winter quarters at Valley Forge. Washington used the area as an ammunition depot during the autumn of 1777. 

Upper Merion Township, Pennsylvania

Upper Merion Township is a township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 33,613 at the 2020 U.S. Census. It is from Philadelphia.

Marta Colaiocco

Marta Colaiocco (born 24 February 1984) is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2011 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

She coached for Firenze Waterpolo.

Laura Cox

Laura Cox is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team. She played at the 1979 FINA World Cup and 1981 World Games.

She played for University of California, Santa Barbara's women's water polo team.


Anne Belden

Anne Elizabeth Belden (born April 18, 1987 in Newport Beach, California) is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team. She played at the 2010 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

She played for University of California, Los Angeles's women's water polo team.

M20 motorway

The M20 is a motorway in Kent, England. It connects Folkestone and Dover to the M25 and London. The motorway is important because Dover and Folkestone are where you can use a ferry, or a train through the Channel Tunnel, to get to France.

Juliet Moss

Juliet Moss is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team. She played at the 2010 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.

She played for San Jose State University's women's water polo team.

Erika Lava

Erika Lava is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2003 European Waterpolo Championship, 2003 FINA World Championships, and 2004 FINA Women’s Water Polo Superfinal.

Maggi Kelly

Maggi Kelly is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United Kingdom women's national water polo team at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships. She was inducted in the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.

She graduated from University of California, Berkeley, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and Colorado University.


M18 motorway (Great Britain)

The M18 is a motorway in Yorkshire, England. It goes from the M1 near Rotherham, past Doncaster, to the M62 near Goole. It connects the M1 with the area around the Humber, such as Hull. It is about long.

Data from driver location signs are used to provide distance and carriageway identifier information. The location sequence is a continuation of the M1 location sequence.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Southbound"|Southbound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Northbound"|Northbound exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col|Coordinates

Helltaker

Helltaker is a freeware indie puzzle-adventure game with dating sim elements that was designed by Polish developer vanripper (real name Łukasz Piskorz), released on May 11, 2020 for Windows, macOS, Linux and SteamOS. It is described as "[a] short game about sharply dressed demon girls."

One day, The Helltaker has a dream about making a harem of demon girls. When he wakes up, even though he knows Hell is a dangerous place, he decides to go to Hell, wanting to make a harem of demon girls in the real world.

The player plays a series of puzzle stages, in which the player pushes stones and skeleton soldiers around a two-dimensional top-down grid, like in "Sokoban", while having a limited amount of turns, avoiding spike traps and collecting key items. After reaching the goal, the player reaches the demon girl of that stage, who will ask the player a question. The correct answer is based on her personality. If the player guesses the answer correctly, the demon girl becomes part of the player's demon harem. If the player guesses the answer incorrectly, a bad ending, such as death, will happen, taking the player back to the start of the stage.

The final boss level, which features the demon "Judgement, the High Prosecutor", includes phased bullet hell-like mechanics with chains across the screen.

Łukasz Piskorz, who is known on Twitter as "vanripper", developed the whole game by himself over about one year, and was the game's artistic director. According to him, Helltaker is like the "Leisure Suit Larry" video game series because the main characters of both games have similar features.

The game can be played for free, and an art book and the recipe for the pancakes that appear in the game are sold separately.

Although the video game is only officially available in English, Piskorz has supported the translations made by the community, explaining how to make them and making one in Polish himself.


As of 7 June 2020, the game has 21,143 reviews on Steam, with an overall rating of "Overwhelmingly Positive".

M8 motorway

M8 motorway may mean:



M9 motorway

M9 motorway may mean:


Arfak Mountain tree frog

The Arfak Mountain tree frog ("Litoria chloronota") is a small frog from Indonesia. It lives in forests and wetlands.

Irma Brander

Irma Brander is a Dutch water polo player. She was a member of the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She played at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships, 1987 European Water Polo Championship, and 1989 European Water Polo Championship.

Lynn Wittstock

Lynn Wittstock is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships. She was inducted in the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.

She played for University of California, Berkeley's women's water polo team.


Cook Partisan Voting Index

The Cook Partisan Voting Index is the unit used to calculate how much a particular state or congressional district leans towards each political party.

All 50 states in the United States lean either towards the Democrats or Republicans. The most Democratic-leaning state, according to the CPVI, is Vermont, which is D+16 on the CPVI scale (meaning that, in a normal election, the Democratic candidate should start with an advantage of approximately 31 points over the Republican candidate there). On the other hand, the most Republican-leaning state, Wyoming, has a CPVI score of R+25, meaning that the Democrat will have a 51% edge against their Republican opponent in a neutral election.

Sandy Vessey-Schneider

Sandy Vessey-Schneider is an American water polo player. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships. She was inducted in the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame. 

She played for California State University, Long Beach's women's volleyball team.

Mopatop's Shop

Mopatop's Shop was a British animated television series that aired from 1999 to 2003 and becoming as a segment on CITV's Telly Tots for the last four seasons.

Outland (movie)

Outland is a 1981 British science fiction action movie directed by Peter Hyams and starring Sean Connery, Peter Boyle, Frances Sternhagen, James Sikking, Kika Markham, Steven Berkoff, John Ratzenberger, Sharon Duce, Angus MacInnes. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.


Dinopaws

Dinopaws is a British animated television series. It was broadcast from 7 February 2014 until 2016. The program was for children ages six to ten. The program had 52 episodes.

On 14 July 2017, 11 eleven or ten-minute episodes consists had use CGI animation.

Johnny Dangerously

Johnny Dangerously is a 1984 American crime comedy movie directed by Amy Heckerling and starring Michael Keaton, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner, Maureen Stapleton, Peter Boyle, Griffin Dunne, Dom DeLuise, and Danny DeVito. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Heart Like a Wheel (movie)

Heart Like a Wheel is a 1983 American biographical romantic drama movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan and stars Bonnie Bedelia, Beau Bridges, Hoyt Axton, Leo Rossi, Anthony Edwards, Bill McKinney. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1984.


Gorky Park

Gorky Park is a 1983 American mystery thriller movie directed by Michael Apted and based on the 1981 novel of the same name by Martin Cruz Smith. It stars William Hurt, Lee Marvin, Joanna Pacula, Brian Dennehy, Ian McDiarmid, Michael Elphick, Richard Griffiths, Ian Brennan, Alexei Sayle and was distributed by Orion Pictures.


For Sama

For Sama ( "‘min ajl sama‘") is a 2019 Syrian American British documentary movie directed by and narrated by Waad Al-Kateab and Edward Watts. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2020.

The Cave (2019 movie)

The Cave () is a 2019 Syrian Danish documentary movie directed by Feras Fayyad. It was distributed by National Geographic and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2020.

Veronica (1972 movie)

Veronica is a 1972 Romanian musical movie directed by Elisabeta Bostan and starring Lulu Mihaescu, Margareta Pîslaru, Dem Radulescu. It was followed up by "Veronica se întoarce" in 1973.

Loulou

Loulou is a 1980 French erotic drama movie directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Gérard Depardieu, Isabelle Huppert, Patrick Poivey, Xavier Saint-Macary, Guy Marchand, Humbert Balsan. It was distributed by New Yorker Films.


Amber Drury

Amber Drury-Pinto is an American water polo player, coach, and referee. She played for the United States women's national water polo team. She participated at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships and 1994 World Aquatics Championships. She was inducted in the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.

She played for the combined women's water polo team of Pomona College and Pitzer College. She coached at Long Beach City College, University of Michigan, University of California, Berkeley, and the Junior national team.

She refereed at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 Summer Universiade, 2017 Summer Universiade, 2017 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, and 2019 Pan American Games. She was named NCAA water polo national coordinator of officials.

A Blueprint for Murder

A Blueprint for Murder is a 1953 American crime thriller movie directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Joseph Cotten, Jean Peters, Gary Merrill, Catherine McLeod, Barney Phillips, Jack Kruschen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Snow Queen (1957 movie)

The Snow Queen (, Snezhnaya koroleva) is a 1957 Russian American animated fantasy movie directed by Lev Atamanov and based on the 1844 story by Hans Christian Andersen. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Lynn Comer Kachmarik

Lynn Wittstock is an American water polo player and coach. She was a member of the United States women's national water polo team at the 1980 World Aquatic Championships, 1984 World Aquatic Championships, and 1988 World Aquatic Championships. She was inducted in the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.

She played for Slippery Rock University's women's water polo team. She coached at Saint Mary's College and Bucknell University. 

Blue Mountains tree frog

The Blue Mountains tree frog ("Litoria citropa") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in New South Wales and Victoria.

These frogs can be 7 cm long. They are dark brown and light brown with a dark stripe over the eye going down the body. Parts of the legs and middle are bright orange. They have bright green patches of skin on their bodies.

They live in rocky streams in thick forests. They like streams with large numbers of plants in them.

They lay eggs 600-950 at a time in pools with slow-moving water. The eggs sink to the bottoms of the pools and stick to the rocks.

Kylie English

Kylie Podmore English is an Australian water polo player. She was a member of the Australian women's national water polo team with 100 caps. She played at the 1995 Women's World Cup and 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

She played for Bunbury Water Polo Club.

Timothy Yu

Timothy Yu is an American poet. He is associate professor of English and Asian American Studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 

He graduated from Harvard University and Stanford University. His essays appeared in "The New Republic". He organized a petition about the University of Wisconsin system president search.




Diego (tortoise)

Diego is a giant tortoise from Hood Island (= Española Island). He was used to restock a Galapagos island with more giant tortoises.

It is likely he was hatched on Hood in the Galápagos before 1920. He was captured as a young adult and sent to the United States to be shown at zoos. By the late 1940s he was at San Diego Zoo in California. A captive breeding effort was set up in 1976 for the Hood Island tortoises.

At the time only 15 were known to be alive. Diego was sent to Santa Cruz Island to join the project. Diego had more than 900 offspring who were released on Española. These helped increase the number in the wild to more than 2,000. The breeding project ended in January 2020. Diego was then released into the wild in June 2020.

John Bredenkamp

John Arnold Bredenkamp (11 August 1940 – 18 June 2020) was a Zimbabwean businessman and rugby union player. He founded the Casalee Group. He died on 18 June 2020 from kidney failure at the age of 79.

Albert Vitali

Albert Vitali (26 June 1955 – 12 June 2020) was a Swiss FDP politician. He was born in Oberkirch, Switzerland. From 2011 until his death, National Council. Before from 1995 to 2011, he was a member of the Lucerne parliament.

Vitali died on 12 June 2020 from cancer, aged 64.

György Kárpáti

György Kárpáti (June 23, 1935 – June 17, 2020) was a Hungarian water polo player. He won gold medals at the 1952 Summer Olympics, 1956 Summer Olympics, 1960 Summer Olympics, and 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest. He was part of the men's national water polo team.

Kárpáti died on June 17, 2020 in Budapest at the age of 84.

Marlene Ahrens

Marlene Ahrens Ostertag (July 27, 1933 – June 17, 2020) was a Chilean athlete. She won the silver medal in Javelin throw at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne with a distance of 50.38 metres. She was the mother of the journalist Karin Ebensperger. She was born in Concepción, Chile.

Ahrens died on June 17, 2020 in Santiago de Chile from heart failure, aged 87.

Petr Král

Petr Král (September 4, 1941 – June 17, 2020) was a Czech writer. He was born in Prague. From 1990 to 1991 he was a cultural counsellor at the Czech embassy in Paris. He translated from and into French (mainly modern poetry). He edited many anthologies. 

Král died on June 17, 2020 at the age of 78.

Fabrice Philipot

Fabrice Philipot (24 September 1965 – 17 June 2020) was a French road bicycle racer. He won as a young rider classification in the 1989 Tour de France. He came in second at the 1989 Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 

In the 1990 Tour de France he was the highest placed rider on his team finishing in 14th overall. He also rode in support of Miguel Indurain during the 1991 Tour de France.

Philipot died on 17 June 2020 in Semur-en-Auxois, France at the age of 54. 

Tibor Benedek

Tibor Benedek (12 July 1972 – 18 June 2020) was a Hungarian water polo player. He played on the gold medal squads at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics. Benedek also competed at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics, where the Hungarian team placed 6th and 4th. He was a member of team Domino-Honvéd.

Benedek was the head coach of Hungary men's national water polo team between 2013 and 2016.

Benedek was born in Budapest. He died on 18 June 2020 from pancreatic cancer in Budapest, aged 47.

Sachy (writer)

K. R. Sachidanandan (1972 – 18 June 2020), professionally credited as Sachy, was an Indian screenwriter, director, movie producer, author, poet, and theatre artist. He was known for his work in the Malayalam movie industry. 

He co-wrote movies with Sethu as a writer. They wrote the screenplay for "Chocolate" (2007), "Robinhood" (2009), "Makeup Man" (2011) and "Seniors" (2012). 

In his solo career as a screenwriter, he wrote "Run Baby Run" and his directorial debut with "Anarkali" (2015).

Sachy died of cardiac arrest in Thrissur, Kerala on 18 June 2020 at the age of 48.

Roméo Dallaire

Lieutenant-General The Honourable Roméo Antonius Dallaire, (born June 25, 1946) is a Canadian humanitarian, author, and statesman. He was a senator from Quebec between 2005 to 2014.

A general, Dallaire was Force Commander of UNAMIR between 1993 and 1994.

We'll Meet Again

"We'll Meet Again", also called "We'll Be Together Again", is a 1939 British song. It was made famous during World War II by singer Vera Lynn. The song was written by the English songwriters Ross Parker and Hughie Charles. The song was published under the label Michael Ross Limited.

The song's first recording had Lynn with Arthur Young on Novachord. A second recording in 1953 had Lynn with many instruments and a choir of British Armed Forces members in the background.

The song gave its name to a 1943 movie of the same name. Lynn starred in the movie as the lead role.

Novachord

The Novachord is what many people say is the first polyphonic synthesizer. It is completely electronic. It was designed by John M. Hanert, Laurens Hammond and C. N. Williams. It was then made by the Hammond company. Only 1,069 Novachords were made between 1939 and 1942.

Loris Darvill

Lorraine Darvill is an Australian water polo player. She was a member of the Australian national water polo team with 89 caps. She played at the 1995 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup. 

M23 motorway

The M23 is a motorway in Surrey and West Sussex, in England. It goes from the M25 near London to Crawley. The A23 goes on to connect it to Brighton. It also goes past Gatwick Airport. The motorway is about long. Most of the road has 4 lanes in each direction, some has three lanes.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Northbound"|Northbound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Southbound"|Southbound exits (A carriageway)

Tímea Benkô

Tímea Benkô is a Hungarian water polo player. She was a member of the Hungarian women's national water polo team. She played at the 2002 Water Polo World Cup, 2005 World Aquatics Championships, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


M26 motorway

The M26 is a short motorway in Kent, England. It links the M25 with the M20 for clockwise traffic near Sevenoaks. It is about long.

! miles
! km
! Westbound exits (B carriageway)
! Junction
! Eastbound exits (A carriageway)
! Coordinates

M27 motorway

The M27 is a motorway in Hampshire, England. The main reason it was built was to link the cities of Southampton and Portsmouth. It is not yet finished, and more of it to the east has not been built yet.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Westbound"|Westbound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Eastbound"|Eastbound exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col|Coordinates

Mariëtte Koehorst

Mariëtte Koehorst is a Dutch water polo player. She was a member of the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She played at the 1999 FINA World Cup. 

She played for the De Hof club.


M32 motorway

The M32 is a short motorway in Bristol and Gloucestershire, England. It links Bristol to the M4. It is one of the shortest motorways in the UK, at long.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Northbound"|Northbound exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Southbound"|Southbound exits (B carriageway)

M45 motorway

The M45 is a motorway in the West Midlands, England. It links the M1 with the A45 south of Rugby. The A45 then goes on into Coventry, Solihull, and Birmingham. The motorway is about long. It is not very busy, mostly because many people use the M6 instead.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Westbound"|Northbound exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Eastbound"|Southbound exits (B carriageway)

Idle game

Idle games (also known as clicker games) are a type of video game. They are played by doing simple things such as clicking on the screen to get in-game money. One popular idle game is "Clicker Heroes".

In some idle games, even the clicking is no longer needed after some time, as the game plays itself.

M48 motorway

The M48 is a motorway in the United Kingdom. It links Gloucestershire, England with Monmouthshire, Wales over the Severn Bridge. The motorway is long.

! mile
! Eastbound exits (B carriageway)
! Junction
! Westbound exits (A carriageway)

Genetic fallacy

A genetic fallacy is a kind of fallacy where something or someone is judged by its past or its origin rather than what it is in the present. An example of genetic fallacy is the argument, "people who own Volkswagens are evil because Volkswagen is a car company that was created by the Nazi Party." Just because the Nazi Party did create Volkswagen does not mean the Volkswagen Group today (or even people that buy Volkswagen cars) support or promote the ideas or values of Nazism.

Slippery slope

The slippery slope argument is an argument that a small step "will" or "must" lead to a certain chain of events. The hypothetical chain of events leads to a significant (usually negative) result. So unintended consequences follow the first step in the chain of events. 

An example of this is the domino effect theory. During the Vietnam War, many people in the United States believed that if Vietnam were to unite and become communist, then the rest of Southeast Asia would eventually become communist too, unless the United States got involved in actively stopping communism.

A slippery slope argument can also be a slippery slope fallacy. Fallacies are statements that sound reasonable but are actually logically flawed or sometimes even dishonest. Whether or not a slippery slope argument is a fallacy depends on whether it becomes true "necessarily" or just in practice. In many cases it just acts as a warning, and readers have to use common sense as to its truth value. So, strictly speaking, these are fallacies only in the sense that they pretend certain consequences will follow, when in reality the consequences merely may follow.

A more specific example is the argument that:


If any of the steps is unsound, then the whole argument is unsound. Step number 3 "may or may not" be true, but since the argument says step number 3 "will" happen, the whole argument is not sound.

Fallacy of composition

A fallacy of composition is a fallacy where on believes that if something is true for part of something else, then it must be true for the whole. For example, if sodium (Na) and chlorine (Cl) are dangerous for humans, then table salt (NaCl) must also be dangerous for humans.

Fallacy of division

The fallacy of division is a fallacy where someone believes that is something is true for the whole, then it must be true for the parts of the whole as well. For example, if a basketball team is very good, then all the players on the team must be good. The opposite of this is the fallacy of composition.

M49 motorway

The M49 is a short motorway near Bristol, England. It links the M5 south of Bristol with the M4 at the Second Severn Crossing bridge. It is mainly used by traffic on the M5 travelling north who want to use the bridge into Wales. You can only get to the motorway from other motorways. There is one junction that has been built, but there are no links to nearby roads and therefore the junction is not open to the public.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="North-west bound"|North-west bound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="South-east bound"|South-east bound exits (A carriageway)

Karen E. Bender

Karen E. Bender is an American novelist. She won a 1997 Rona Jaffe Foundation Writers' Award. She was a finalist for the 2015 National Book Award.

She graduated from University of California, Los Angeles, and University of Iowa.

She has taught at Hollins University, University of Iowa, Tunghai University, Warren Wilson College, Chatham University, and the University of North Carolina, Wilmington.

Her work has appeared in "Granta", "Narrative Magazine", "Ploughshares", "Harvard Review", and "Guernica".



M53 motorway

The M53, or Mid-Wirral Motorway, is a motorway in North West England. It connects the A55 near Chester with the Kingsway Tunnel by Liverpool. The motorway is about long.

M50 motorway

M50 motorway may mean:


M54 motorway

The M54 is a motorway in the West Midlands of England. It links Telford with the West Midlands conurbation. It carries on as the A5 after Telford where it links to Shrewsbury and North Wales. The motorway is about long.

!scope="col"|mile
!scope="col"|km
!scope="col"| Eastbound exits (A Carriageway)
!scope="col"| Junction
!scope="col"| Westbound exits (B Carriageway)
!scope="col"| Coordinates

M55 motorway

The M55, or Preston Northern Bypass, is a motorway in Lancashire, England. It links Preston and the M6 with Blackpool. Many people go on holiday to Blackpool, which is why the motorway was built. The motorway is about long.

M56 motorway

The M56, or North Cheshire Motorway, is a motorway in North West England. It links Chester with Manchester. It also links to the A55, which links drivers to North Wales. The motorway also passes Manchester Airport. The motorway also crosses the M6, linking it to Chester and Manchester. The motorway is about long.

Lymm A56

Turk 182

Turk 182 is a 1985 American action comedy drama movie directed by Bob Clark and starring Robert Ulrich, Timothy Hutton, Kim Cattrall, Robert Culp, Darren McGavin, Steven Keats, Paul Sorvino, Peter Boyle. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


M57 motorway

The M57, also called the Liverpool Outer Ring Road, is a motorway in Liverpool, England. It is a ring road around the north side of Liverpool. It goes from the M62, just east of Liverpool, to the M58, just northwest of Liverpool. The motorway is about long.

Nurmuhammad Tohti

Nurmuhemmet Tohti (also Nurmemet Tohti, Nurmamat Tohti) (December 1949 – 31 May 2019) was a Uyghur writer.

He studied in Xinjiang University, from 1973 to 1977. He taught at Khoten Normal College.

He died in a Chinese 're-education' camp.

M58 motorway

The M58 is a motorway in North West England. It links Liverpool to the M6 near Wigan. The motorway is about long.

M61 motorway

The M61 is a motorway in North West England. It links Manchester with the M6 and M65 near Preston and Blackburn. It also passes Bolton.

M65 motorway

The M65 is a motorway in Lancashire, England. It starts from the M6 near Preston, crosses the M61 before passing Blackburn and Burnley. The motorway ends in Colne, where it links onto the A56 towards Harrogate. The motorway is long.

M66 motorway

The M66 is a motorway in North West England. It links Manchester and the M60 and M62 motorways to Bury. The motorway carries on as the A56, which joins onto the M65. The M66 is about long. 

July Rain

July Rain () is a 1967 Russian drama movie directed by Marlen Khutsiev and starring Yevgenia Uralova, Aleskandr Belyavsky, Yuri Vizbor, Alexander Mitta, Alla Pokrovskaya.

Washington, Pennsylvania

Washington is a city in and the county seat of Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 13,176 at the 2020 census.

M67 motorway

The M67 is a motorway in Greater Manchester, England. It starts from the M60 and passes through the towns of Denton and Hyde. It then carries on as the A628 towards Sheffield and Barnsley. It was first planned that the motorway would go al the way to Sheffield through the Pennines, but this has not happened yet. The M67 is long.

Yule Island tree frog

The Yule Island tree frog ("Litoria congenita") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.

These frogs are 35-40 mm in size from nose to rear end. They are brown and green in color, with stripes. They have white bellies. Male frogs have black throats.

Washington County, Pennsylvania

Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 209,349. Its county seat is Washington.

M69 motorway

The M69 is a controlled-access highway in the Midlands of England. It goes between the M6, near Coventry, and the M1, near Leicester. The motorway is about long and first opened in 1977.

M73 motorway

The M73 is a motorway in Scotland. It links the M74 with the M80. It is about long. It goes past eastern Glasgow.

William C. Dement

William Charles Dement (July 29, 1928 – June 17, 2020) was an American sleep researcher. He was the founder of the Sleep Research Center at Stanford University. He was a leading psychiatrist on sleep, sleep deprivation and the diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders such as sleep apnea and narcolepsy. 

Dement was born in Wenatchee, Washington. He died on June 17, 2020 in Stanford, California from heart disease at the age of 90.

Terry Dicks

