Madonna of Avenue A is a 1929 American drama movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Dolores Costello, Grant Withers, Douglas Gerrard, Louise Dresser, Otto Hoffman, Lee Moran. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and is a lost movie.


The Last Bohemian (1912 movie)

The Last Bohemian () is a 1912 Hungarian romantic drama movie directed by first time director Michael Curtiz and starring Antal Nyáray, Elemér Thury, Zoltán Sipos, Ilonka Bedõ, Frigyes Hervay.

Missing and murdered Indigenous women

Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women (MMIW) and Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls (MMIWG) is a big problem in the United States and Canada. In both countries, Indigenous women and girls are more likely to go missing or be murdered than non-Indigenous women and girls.

The problem of MMIW reflects the intersectionality of racism and sexism Indigenous women in the US and Canada face. It also shows how the governments are not doing enough to help women.

Before colonialism, Indigenous cultures in North America treated women with respect because they were seen as givers of life. The women folk helped make important decisions in their communities.

European colonists in Canada and the US did not treat Indigenous women right. They called them names like "squaw" and thought they were immoral. European men used them for sex. Sometimes they killed the women folk. Back then, people could get away with treating Indigenous women badly because very few people at the time cared about Indigenous women like they cared about white women. To this very day, people in both countries have negative ideas about Indigenous women. Because they have those ideas, they do not treat them right.

Native Americans and Aboriginal Canadians had their cultures taken away from them. They were forced to adopt the white man's ways. The men folk learned from the white men on how to disrespect women. Also, a lot of the Indigenous people were forced to go to schools where they were treated badly. A lot of men vented out their feelings by hurting the women folk.

Indigenous communities tend to be the poorest in the US and Canada. Because of this, a lot of Indigenous women go into sex trafficking in order to make money. This allows them to be hurt by their pimps, customers, and the police. Also, few people will speak up on their behalf because there is a stigma around working in the sex industry.

Indigenous women make up 4% of the female population in Canada. Yet they represented 16% of all female homicide victims between 1980 and 2012.

The RCMP does not release data on the ethnicity of the perpetrators.

Highway 16 is in British Columbia. There is a part of Highway 16 between Prince George and Prince Rupert that is 700km long. It is known for being a place where a lot of Indigenous women have gone missing or have been found dead. A lot of people think there is a serial killer/s on the highway targeting young women.

Hitchhiking is a popular practice in this part of Canada because most people cannot afford cars and there is no good public transportation system. This puts a lot of women in danger because they might meet a driver who will do bad things to them.

In the United States, 1 in 3 Native women is assaulted during her lifetime. 67% of these assaults are done by non-Natives. Tribes have difficulty prosecuting non-Natives who hurt Natives on tribal land because their land is considered federal land. Because of this, there is a lot of confusion as whether the federal government, the state government, or the tribes should press criminal charges against non-Native perpetrators.

There have been many protests to ask for more investigations into why there are so many missing and murdered Indigenous women. People are also doing things to help find missing women because they do not believe the government will help them.

Every Valentine's Day, a march is held in Downtown Eastside, Vancouver, which is an area with a lot of missing and murdered Indigenous women. The first march was in 1991 and was held to honor a murdered Coast Salish woman.

In 2014, Tina Fontaine was found dead in the Red River in Manitoba. Since then, people have searched the rivers and ponds of Winnipeg to find bodies. Hiding bodies in water is popular with perpetrators because evidence is washed off.

A lot of art has been made to honor missing and murdered Indigenous women.

The REDress Project is an art project that is made up of red dresses. Each dress represents a missing or murdered Indigenous woman. These dresses are displayed for people to see.

International Go Federation

The International Go Federation (IGF) is an international non-profit organization that connects Go federations around the world. They strive to promote fair play among all players.
IGF aims to promote Go all over the world. They do so by the following actions:
IGF is formed by national members and continental members (such as the European Go Federation in Europe).

Squaw

Squaw is a word that refers to an Indigenous woman in the United States or Canada.

Many Native Americans say this a bad word because people have used it in racist and woman-hating ways. According to the editor of the "Navajo Times" Tom Aviso, "squaw" is the worst word used on Native American women.
The word "squaw" comes from the Algonquian languages, where it means "woman." In the Massachusset language, the word is "squàw." In Cree, it is "iskwew."

Some people say that the word "squaw" comes from a Mohawk word that means vagina. However, many linguists, for example Ives Goddard of the Smithsonian, think this is not so. They think "squaw" really came from the regular Massachusetts word "squa," for "woman."

Squaw is considered an offensive word because many non-Natives have used it to disrespect Native American and Aboriginal Canadian women.

Some people in Indigenous communities think "squaw" is offensive. According to members of the Nooksack Tribal Council, Native Americans in general see "squaw" as an insulting word. Other Native Americans think the word should be "reclaimed", meaning made a normal word again.

The root of "squaw" is in some compound words in Algonquin languages that are spoken today: "nidobaskwa" means "female friend," "manigebeskwa" means "woman of the woods," and "Squaw Sachem" means "female chief."

European colonizers used the word to talk about Indigenous women.

When white colonists moved west, they used words like "squaw" even when they were talking about women whose tribes spoke languages different from Algonquian. It became a generic word.

European men in the US and Canada were not respectful of Indigenous women. They used them for sex. When they called the women "squaw," they used it in a way that showed that they saw those women as sex objects and not human beings. Over time, the word "squaw" came to mean a woman who was dirty, sexually abused, violent, fit only for mindless work or some group of these.

According to scholars, for example D. Francis and D. Merskin, the squaw is the second most common stereotype of Native American women. The most common is the Indian princess. The two stereotypes work as a pair. The princess was imagined as beautiful and sexually well-behaved. The squaw was imagined as ugly, dirty and sexually available.

Scholars say white people stuck to the idea of the squaw so they could say American Indian culture was bad. They pretended the cultures were full of lazy men who forced women to do all the real work. That way, they could make it sound like wiping out the culture of Native Americans was a good thing.

People in the US and Canada are trying to change place names with the word "squaw" in it because they feel it is not respectful to Indigenous women. However, there are still many places where the word is in the name.



Jean Castex

Jean Castex (; born 25 June 1965) is a French politician. He was the Prime Minister of France from 3 July 2020 to 16 May 2022. He was nominated to the job by President Emmanuel Macron.

He was a member of Les Républicans (LR). He was Mayor of Prades, a provincial town in Southern France, for twelve years until his appointment as Prime Minister. He was praised for his role in handling the Coronavirus crisis.

On 25 April 2022, after Macron's re-election as President of France, Castex agreed to resign as Prime Minister of France. Castex had previously promised to do so if Macron was re-elected.

The Republicans

The Republicans (; LR) is a liberal-conservative political party in France.

The party was created on 30 May 2015 by renaming the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) party, which had been founded in 2002 under the leadership of former President of France Jacques Chirac. 

The party used to be one of the two major political parties in the French Fifth Republic along with the centre-left Socialist Party (PS), and, following the 2017 legislative election, it remains the second largest party in the National Assembly (behind President Macron's REM), but becomes the fourth in 2022, behind the National Rally, the NUPES and Renaissance. 

LR is a member of the European People's Party, the Centrist Democrat International, and the International Democrat Union.

Nurul Islam Babul

Nurul Islam Babul (3 May 1946 – 13 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi businessman. He was the chairman of the business conglomerate Jamuna Group. He was born in the Noakhali District in Bangladesh. He was arrested two times, one for murder and the second for possible tax evasion.

Babul died on 13 July 2020 after being hospitalized in Dhaka for COVID-19, aged 74.

Pat Quinn (footballer)

Patrick Quinn (26 April 1936 – 12 July 2020) was a Scottish football player and manager. He was born in Glasgow.

He began playing with Blackpool in 1962. A year later, he would return to Scotland to join Hibernian. He was a finalist in the 1968–69 Scottish League Cup.

He finished his league career at East Fife, whom he would also manage. He also coached FH.

Quinn played four times for Scotland between 1961 and 1962. Quinn also represented the Scottish League XI six times.

Quinn died on 12 July 2020, aged 84.

Maurice Couve de Murville

Jacques-Maurice Couve de Murville (; 24 January 1907 – 24 December 1999) was a French diplomat and politician.

He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1958 to 1968 and Prime Minister from 1968 to 1969 under the presidency of General de Gaulle. 

Killing Heat

Killing Heat is a 1981 Zambian Swedish Zimbabwean Australian drama movie directed by Michael Raeburn and based on the 1950 novel "The Grass is Singing" by Doris Lessing. It stars John Thaw, Karen Black, John Kani, Patrick Mynhardt, John Moulder Brown and was distributed by Swedish Film Institute.

Michel Debré

Michel Jean-Pierre Debré (; 15 January 1912 – 2 August 1996) was a French politician. He was the first Prime Minister of the French Fifth Republic. He has been called the "father" of the current Constitution of France. He worked with President Charles de Gaulle from 1959 to 1962. 

Michel Barnier

Michel Bernard Barnier (born 9 January 1951) is a conservative French politician. He was the European Commission's Head of Task Force for Relations with the United Kingdom (UK Task Force/UKTF) from 2019 to 2021. He was Chief Negotiator - Task Force for the Preparation and Conduct of the Negotiations with the United Kingdom from October 2016 to November 2019.

In France, he was minister of foreign affairs from 2004 to 2005, minister of state for European affairs from 1995 to 1997 and minister of the environment and way of life from 1993 to 1995.

Hervé de Charette

Hervé de Charette (born 30 July 1938) is a French politician. He was born in Paris. He is a member of the Union for French Democracy (UDF).

He was elected deputy for the first time in 1986 as representative of the Maine-et-Loire "département". He was Minister of Civil Service, then from 1993 to 1995, he was Minister of Housing In the UDF.

He supported the winning candidacy of Jacques Chirac in the 1995 presidential election and not that of Prime Minister Édouard Balladur. He found and led the Popular Party for French Democracy (PPDF).

He was Minister of Foreign Affairs until the 1997 legislative election. In 2002, he joined the Union for a Popular Movement ("Union pour un mouvement populaire" or UMP). In December 2009, he left this party for the Nouveau Centre.

Sweet and Sour (movie)

Sweet and Sour () is a 1963 French Italian comedy movie directed by Jacques Baratier and starring Guy Bedos, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Jean Babilée, Claude Brasseur, Anna Karina, Sophie Daumier, Jacques Dufilho, Simone Signoret, Françoise Brion, Roger Vadim, Pascale Roberts.

Dafydd Iwan

Dafydd Iwan Jones (born 24 August 1943) is a Welsh folk singer and politician. He was the president of Plaid Cymru from 2003 to 2010. He first rose to fame as a singer-songwriter of folk music in the Welsh language.

Iwan was born in Brynamman (), Carmarthenshire. His brothers include actor Huw Ceredig (1942–2011) and politician Alun Ffred Jones.

Interstate 605

Interstate 605 (I-605), also called the San Gabriel River Freeway, is an Interstate Highway in the Orange and Los Angeles counties of California. It is a spur route of the Interstate 5. It goes from the Interstate 405 in Seal Beach north to the Interstate 210 in Duarte. It runs next to the San Gabriel River for most of its route. The Interstate is about long.

San Dimas

San Dimas may mean:


San Dimas, California

San Dimas is a city in the San Gabriel Valley of Los Angeles County, California. At the 2020 census, 34,924 people lived there. The city gets its name from the Spanish name for Saint Dismas.

Steve Stevens (footballer)

Stephen Roy Stevens (5 February 1903 – 22 June 1990) was an Australian rules footballer. He played one match for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1920.

Stevens was born in Bendigo, Victoria. In 1990, he died in Seymour, Victoria, at the age of 87.


Steve Stevens

Steven Bruce Schneider (born May 5, 1959), better known as Steve Stevens, is an American guitarist and songwriter. He was Billy Idol's guitarist and songwriting partner. He is also known for his lead guitar work on the theme to the movie "Top Gun". For this, he won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 1987.

Stevens is a session guitarist and has played for Michael Jackson, Ric Ocasek and Robert Palmer. He has also been a member of Neurotic Outsiders, Juno Reactor and Kings of Chaos. He was a founding member of the supergroup Bozzio Levin Stevens.

Stevens was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He is married to Josie Stevens. The couple have appeared on the E! show "Married to Rock".

What Happens in Vegas

What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American romantic comedy movie directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox. It stars Cameron Diaz, Ashton Kutcher and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Commitments (movie)

The Commitments is a 1991 Irish British American musical comedy-drama movie directed by Alan Parker and is based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Roddy Doyle. It starring Robert Arkins, Michael Aherne, Angeline Ball, Maria Doyle, Dave Finnegan, Bronagh Gallagher, Félim Gormley, Glen Hansard, Dick Massey, Johnny Murphy, Kenneth McCluskey, Andrew Strong and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Shikwa and Jawab-e-Shikwa

"Shikwa" (, "Complaint") and "Jawab-e-Shikwa" (, "Response to the Complaint") are Urdu language poems by Muhammad Iqbal. They which were later published in his book "Kulliat-e-Iqbal". The poems are often noted for their musicality, poetical beauty and depth of thought.

First Allama iqbal wrote shikwa poem , on which Allama iqbal is questioning to Allah but unfortunately Allama iqbal faced too many criticism from people then Allama iqbal wrote second part of poem which was jawab-e-shikwa , then people understand what was allama iqbal trying to say .

Futurist

Futurists are persons who are interested in futurology. They try to explore predictions about the future to other persons. One of the most famous futurists is Ray Kurzweil. For example, he predicts that the technological singularity will happen in 2045.


Futurology

Futurology (also known as futures studies or futures research) is the study of social and technological advancement of the future. Persons who are interested in futurology are futurists.


Lincoln County, North Carolina

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 86,810 people lived there. Its county seat is Lincolnton.

McDowell County, North Carolina

McDowell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 44,578 people lived there. Its county seat is Marion.

Patrick Ky

Patrick Ky was the Head of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) from 1st of September 2013 to 31. August 2023. Patrick Ky studied at the École Polytechnique and the French Civil Aviation University (1989) and was previously Head of the SESAR (Single European Sky ATM Research ). He succeed Mr Patrick Goudou.

Papua big-eyed tree frog

The Papua big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes papua") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in southeastern New Guinea, from Mount Albert-Edward in the west to Mount Dayman in the east. It lives 1200–2600 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 4.6 to 5.1 cm long and the female about 7.0 cm long. The sampled frogs could be gray or brown with some yellow. This frog has less of a pattern on its lower eyelids than other frogs in "Nyctimystes" do.

Toilet seat

Toilet seats let the user sit on a toilet by covering the bowl. Household toilet seats consist of a seat, cover and hinges. The place where you sit is called the seat. There is a hole in the middle of the seat so that you can defecate or urinate. Many toilet seats have a lid which keeps objects from falling into the bowl. Two metal hinges attach the seat to the toilet.

Common materials for the seat's body include plastic, wood and a special kind of ceramic called porcelain. Some homemakers prefer seats that are upholstered. There are two types of toilet seat fixings: Bottom Fixings and Top Fixings. This can means that the seat is covered in fabric. The majority of modern toilets now come with top fixing seat installation as they are easier to fit and remove for cleaning.

Nyctimystes bivocalis

Nyctimystes bivocalis is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in the Cloudy Mountains and part of the Owen Stanley Mountains in Milne Bay Province.

The adult male frog is 38.5 to 49.2 mm long from nose to rear end and gray-brown in color and the adult female is 42.2 to 55.7 mm long and orange-brown in color.

The name "bivocalis" or "double-voice" comes from the frog's voice. It calls out with two tones.

Beaver County, Pennsylvania

Beaver County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 168,215. Its county seat is Beaver.

Butler County, Pennsylvania

Butler County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 193,763. Its county seat is Butler.

Lamborghini 400 GT

The Lamborghini 400 GT is a grand tourer car made by Lamborghini. It was built from 1966 to 1968. It was the successor to the 350 GT. In fact, it was based off the 350 GT, but had a larger V12 engine. There were two Lamborghinis known as the 400 GT: the standard 400 GT, and the one-off (one was built) 400 GT Monza.

The first 400 GT, commonly referred to as simply the 400 GT or 400 GT Interim, was basically the older 350 GT, but it had an enlarged, 3,929 cc V12 engine. The new engine had a power output of . Twenty-three of 400 GT Interims were built, three of which had aluminium bodywork.
The second 400 GT, commonly known as the 400 GT 2+2, had a different roofline, and small exterior changes compared to the 350 GT and 400 GT Interim. It was first presented at the 1966 Geneva Auto Show. The larger body shape allowed two seats to be installed in the rear, which the 350 GT didn’t have. The bodywork for the 400 GT was designed by Carrozzeria Touring. The 400 GT also had a Lamborghini designed gearbox, which greatly improved the drivetrain.

A total of 23 units of the 400 GT Interim and 224 units of the 400 GT 2+2 were built from 1966 to 1968, when it was replaced with the Islero.

The 400 GT was very similar to the 350 GT mechanically. However, it had a larger V12 engine, and a different five-speed manual transmission made by Lamborghini.
The 400 GT was able to accelerate from 0-60 miles per hour (0-97 kilometres per hour) in 6.0 seconds. It could also accelerate from 0-100 miles per hour (0-161 kilometres per hour) in 13.1 seconds. The 400 GT’s quarter mile time was 14.1 seconds, and it was going 103 miles per hour (166 kilometres per hour) at the end of the quarter mile.

Cuyuni-Mazaruni

Cuyuni-Mazaruni (Region 7) is a region of Esequiban Guyana, a territory in dispute by Guyana and Venezuela. Venezuela claims the territory as part of Delta Amacuro state north of the Cuyuni river and as a part of Bolívar state south of the same river. The regional capital is Bartica.

The region is in the west of the country. It has an area of 47,213 km². As of the 2012 census, 20,280 people lived there. It borders the regions of Barima-Waini, Essequibo Islands-West Demerara and Pomeroon-Supenaam to the north, the region of Upper Demerara-Berbice to the east, the region of Potaro-Siparuni, Brazil to the south and Venezuela to the west.

Other towns include: Issano, Isseneru, Kartuni, Peters Mine, Arimu Mine, Kamarang, Keweigek, Imbaimadai, Tumereng and Kamikusa.

Potaro-Siparuni

Potaro-Siparuni (Region 8) is a region of Esequiban Guyana, a territory in dispute by Guyana and Venezuela. Venezuela claims the territory as part of Bolívar state. The regional capital is Mahdia.

The region is in the west of the country. It has an area of 20,051 km². As of the 2012 census, 10,190 people lived there. It borders the region of Cuyuni-Mazaruni to the north, the regions of Upper Demerara-Berbice and East Berbice-Corentyne to the east, the region of Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo to the south and Brazil to the west.

Giles County, Tennessee

Giles County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 30,346 people lived there. The county seat is Pulaski.

Giles County

Giles County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Rancho Cucamonga, California

Rancho Cucamonga is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Interstate 710 and State Route 710 (California)

Interstate 710 (I-710) and State Route 710 (SR 710) are two highways in Los Angeles County, California. They are not connected, but they both go in the same north-south direction in line with each other. The I-710 (also called the Long Beach Freeway) goes from the Port of Los Angeles north along the Los Angeles River to East Los Angeles. Here, it continues north away from the river before ending near to the Interstate 10 at Alhambra. State Route 710 is short. It starts in Pasadena and goes north where it joins the Interstate 210. Together, these are about long.

League City, Texas

League City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Surprise, Arizona

Surprise is a city in Arizona in the United States.

Northumberland County

Northumberland County is the name of four counties in North America:



Arizona's 1st congressional district

Arizona's 1st congressional district is one of nine congressional districts in the state of Arizona and one of 435 districts in the USA. It is, geographically speaking, the largest district in the state of Arizona, comprising much of the eastern portion of the state. As of 2020, the district was represented by Democrat Tom O'Halleran.

Northumberland County, Pennsylvania

Northumberland County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 91,647. Its county seat is Sunbury. The county was created on March 21, 1772 from parts of Lancaster, Berks, Bedford, Cumberland, and Northampton counties and is named after the English county of Northumberland.

Cumberland County

Cumberland County may refer to several counties:





Talbot County

Talbot County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Worcester County

Worcester County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Wells County

Wells County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Norfolk County

Norfolk County is the name of two counties in North America:


Roosevelt County

Roosevelt County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Ward County

Ward County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Vernon County

Vernon County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Westmoreland County

Westmoreland County may refer to five counties:





Wheeler County

Wheeler County is the name of four counties in the United States:

Shannon County

Shannon County is the name of a county in the United States:

as well as:

Quanah, Texas

Quanah is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Carbon County, Pennsylvania

Carbon County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 64,749. Its county seat is Jim Thorpe.

List of birds of Azerbaijan

This is a list of the bird species found in Azerbaijan. The bird fauna of Azerbaijan include a total of 371 species, of which 9 are rare or accidental.


Order: GaviiformesFamily: Gaviidae

Divers, known as loons in the U.S., are a group of aquatic birds found in many parts of North America and northern Europe. They are the size of a large duck or a small goose, which they somewhat resemble when swimming, but to which they are completely unrelated. There are 5 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PodicipediformesFamily: Podicipedidae

Grebes are small to medium-large freshwater (lakes, ponds and rivers) diving birds. They have rounded toes and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, causing them not to walk easily on land. There are 20 species worldwide and 5 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: SuliformesFamily: Phalacrocoracidae

Phalacrocoracidae is a family of medium to large coastal, fish-eating seabirds that includes cormorants and shags. Plumage coloration varies, with the majority having mainly dark plumage, some species being black-and-white and a few being colorful.


Order: PelecaniformesFamily: Pelecanidae

Pelicans are large water birds with a distinctive pouch under their beak. As with other members of the order Pelecaniformes, they have feet with four connected toes. There are 8 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PelecaniformesFamily: Ardeidae

The family Ardeidae contains the bitterns, herons and egrets. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more shy. Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted, unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises and spoonbills.


Order: PelecaniformesFamily: Threskiornithidae

Threskiornithidae is a family of large terrestial and wading birds which includes the ibises and spoonbills. They have long, broad wings with 11 primary and about 20 secondary feathers. They are strong fliers and despite their size and weight, they fly very high.


Order: CiconiiformesFamily: Ciconiidae

Storks are large, long-legged, long-necked, wading birds with a long and thin bill. Storks are mute, but bill-clattering is an important mode of communication at the nest. Their nests can be large and may be reused for many years. Many species are migratory.


Order: PhoenicopteriformesFamily: Phoenicopteridae

Flamingos are wading birds, usually tall, found in both the Western and Eastern Hemispheres. Flamingos feed on shellfish and algae. Their oddly shaped beaks are specially adapted to separate mud and silt from the food they eat and, uniquely, are used upside-down. There are 6 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: AnseriformesFamily: Anatidae

Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These birds are adapted to an aquatic life with webbed feet, flattened bills, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to an oily coating. There are 131 species worldwide and 31 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: AccipitriformesFamily: Pandionidae

The family Pandionidae has only one species, the osprey. The osprey is a medium-large raptor which is a fish-eater with a worldwide distribution.


Order: AccipitriformesFamily: Accipitridae

Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey, which includes hawks, eagles, kites, harriers and Old World vultures. These birds have powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons and very good eyesight.


Order: FalconiformesFamily: Falconidae

Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey. They differ from hawks, eagles and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons. There are 62 species worldwide and 8 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: GalliformesFamily: Phasianidae

The Phasianidae are a family of terrestrial birds. In general, they are plumb (although they vary in size) and have broad, relatively short wings. 


Order: GruiformesFamily: Gruidae

Cranes are large, long-legged and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched, not pulled back. Most have elaborate and noisy courting displays or "dances". There are 15 species worldwide and 3 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: GruiformesFamily: Rallidae

Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots and gallinules. Typically they inhabit dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, making them difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs and long toes which are well adapted to soft uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and to be weak fliers. There are 143 species worldwide and 8 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: OtidiformesFamily: Otididae

Bustards are large terrestrial birds mainly associated with dry open country and steppes in the Old World. They are omnivorous and nest on the ground. They walk steadily on strong legs and big toes, pecking for food as they go. They have long broad wings with "fingered" wingtips and striking patterns in flight. Many have interesting mating displays.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Haematopodidae

The oystercatchers are large and noisy plover-like birds, with strong bills used for smashing or opening the shells of molluscs. There are 11 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Recurvirostridae

Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds, which includes the avocets and stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills. There are 9 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Burhinidae

The thick-knees are a group of largely tropical waders in the family Burhinidae. They are found worldwide within the tropical zone, with some species also breeding in temperate Europe and Australia. They are medium to large waders with strong black or yellow-black bills, large yellow eyes and colorful plumage. Despite being classed as waders, most species live in arid or semi-arid habitats. There are 9 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Glareolidae

Glareolidae is a family of wading birds including the pratincoles, which have short legs, long pointed wings and long forked tails, and the coursers, which have long legs, short wings and long, pointed bills which curve downwards. There are 17 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Charadriidae

The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with short, thick necks and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water. There are 66 species worldwide and 12 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Scolopacidae

Scolopacidae is a large diverse family of small to medium-sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers and phalaropes. The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Variation in length of legs and bills help many species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food. There are 27 species which have been recorded in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Stercorariidae

The family Stercorariidae are, in general, medium to large birds, typically with grey or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They nest on the ground in temperate and arctic regions and are long-distance migrants. There are 7 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: CharadriiformesFamily: Laridae

Laridae is a family of medium to large seabirds, the gulls, terns, and skimmers. Gulls are typically grey or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They have broad, longish bills and webbed feet. Terns are a group of generally medium to large seabirds typically with grey or white plumage, often with black markings on the head. Most terns hunt fish by diving but some pick insects off the surface of fresh water. Terns are generally long-lived birds, with several species known to live more than 30 years.


Order: PterocliformesFamily: Pteroclidae

Sandgrouse have small, pigeon like heads and necks, but plumb bodies. They have long pointed wings and sometimes tails and a fly fast. Flocks fly to watering holes at dawn and dusk. Their legs are feathered down to the toes. There are 16 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: ColumbiformesFamily: Columbidae

Pigeons and doves are plumb-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.


Order: CuculiformesFamily: Cuculidae

The family Cuculidae includes cuckoos, roadrunners and anis. These birds are of different sizes with slender bodies, long tails and strong legs. There are 138 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: StrigiformesFamily: Tytonidae

Barn owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons. There are 16 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: StrigiformesFamily: Strigidae

The typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak and a circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk. 


Order: CaprimulgiformesFamily: Caprimulgidae

Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground. They have long wings, short legs and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is camouflaged to resemble bark or leaves. There are 86 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: CaprimulgiformesFamily: Apodidae

Swifts are small birds which spend the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have long swept-back wings which resemble a crescent or boomerang. 


Order: CoraciiformesFamily: Alcedinidae


Order: CoraciiformesFamily: Meropidae

The bee-eaters are a group of birds in the family Meropidae. Most species are found in Africa but others occur in southern Europe, Madagascar, Australia and New Guinea. They are characterized by richly colored plumage, slender bodies and usually long central tail feathers. All are colorful and have long downturned bills and pointed wings, which give them a swallow-like appearance when seen from afar. There are 26 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: CoraciiformesFamily: Coraciidae

Rollers resemble crows in size and build, but are more closely related to the kingfishers and bee-eaters. They share the colorful appearance of those groups with blues and browns being more common. The two inner front toes are connected, but the outer toe is not. There are 12 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: BucerotiformesFamily: Upupidae

Hoopoes have black, white and orangey-pink coloring with a large crest on their head. There are 2 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PiciformesFamily: Picidae

Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Alaudidae

Larks are small terrestrial birds with often diverse songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Hirundinidae

The family Hirundinidae is adapted to aerial feeding. They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings and a short bill. The feet are adapted to perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. There are 75 species worldwide and 4 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Motacillidae

Motacillidae is a family of small birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws and pipits. They are slender, ground feeding insectivores of open country. There are 54 species worldwide and 9 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Regulidae

The kinglets, also called crests, are a small group of birds often included in the Old World warblers, but frequently given family status because they also resemble the titmice. There are 7 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Bombycillidae

The waxwings are a group of birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and cedar waxwings, these tips look like sealing wax and give the group its name. These are birds of boreal forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter. There are 3 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Cinclidae

Dippers are a group of perching birds whose habitat includes aquatic environments in the Americas, Europe and Asia. They are named for their dipping movements. There are 5 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Troglodytidae

The wrens are mainly small and inconspicuous except for their loud songs. These birds have short wings and thin down-turned bills. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous. There are 80 species worldwide (of which all but one are New World species) and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Prunellidae

The accentors are in the only bird family, Prunellidae, which is completely endemic to the Palearctic. They are small and look like sparrows. There are 13 species worldwide and 3 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Turdidae

The thrushes are a group of birds that occur mainly in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Scotocercidae


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Locustellidae


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Acrocephalidae


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Phylloscopidae


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Sylviidae

The family Sylviidae is a group of small insectivorous birds. They mainly occur as breeding species, in Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, Africa. Most are of generally dull in appearance, but many have diverse songs.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Muscicapidae

Old World flycatchers are a large group of small passerine birds native to the Old World. They are mainly insectivores. The appearance of these birds is highly varied, but they mostly have weak songs and harsh calls.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Panuridae


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Aegithalidae

Long-tailed tits are a group of small birds with medium to long tails. They make nests in trees. Most eat a mixed diet which includes insects. There are 9 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Paridae

The Paridae are mainly small and plumb woodland species with short bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Sittidae

Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails and powerful bills and feet. There are 24 species worldwide and 3 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Tichodromidae

The wallcreeper is a small bird related to the nuthatch family, which has a red, grey and black plumage.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Certhiidae

Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills, which they use to catch insects from the bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees. There are 6 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Remizidae

The penduline tits are a group of small birds related to the true tits. They are insectivores. There are 13 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Oriolidae

The Old World orioles are colorful birds. They are not closely related to the New World orioles. There are 29 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Laniidae

Shrikes are birds known for their habit of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A typical shrike's beak is hooked, like a bird of prey.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Corvidae

The family Corvidae includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size among the Passeriformes, and some of the larger species show high levels of intelligence. There are 120 species worldwide and 9 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Sturnidae

Starlings are small to medium-sized birds. Their flight is strong and direct. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic shine. There are 125 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Emberizidae

The emberizids are a large family of birds. They are seed-eating birds with distinctively shaped bills. Many emberizid species have distinctive head patterns. 


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Fringillidae

Finches are seed-eating birds, that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have twelve tail feathers. These birds flap and glide when they fly, and most sing well. 


Order: PasseriformesFamily: Passeridae

Old World sparrows are small birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small, plumb, brown or grey birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed eaters, but they also eat small insects. 





Chillicothe, Texas

Chillicothe is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

East Side of Heaven

East Side of Heaven is a 1939 American musical movie directed by David Butler and starring Bing Crosby, Joan Blondell, Mischa Auer, Irene Hervey, C. Aubrey Smith, Baby Sandy, Jerome Cowan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Prime Minister of Yemen

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Yemen is the head of government of Yemen.

Under the Constitution of Yemen, the Prime Minister is appointed by the President. Their appointment must be approved by the House of Representatives.

The current Prime Minister of Yemen is Ahmad Awad bin Mubarak.

Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour

Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour (, born 8 August 1955) is a Yemeni politician. He was the Governor of Aden during the Houthi takeover in Yemen. He is a member of the General People's Congress. In 2016, he became the Prime Minister of Yemen, however this has been disputed since 2018.

Maeen Abdulmalik Saeed

Maeen Abdulmalik Saeed (, born 1976) is a Yemeni politician. In October 2018, he became Prime Minister of Yemen. However, this claim has been disputed by Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour.

Mohsin Ahmad al-Aini

Mohsin Ahmad Alaini () (20 October 1932 – 25 August 2021) was a Yemeni politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic five times between 1967 and 1975.

Al-Aini was the first Foreign Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic.

Al-Aini died on 25 August 2021 in Cairo, Egypt at aged 88.

Ali Nasir Muhammad

Ali Nasir Muhammad Husani () (born 31 December 1940) is a Yemeni politician. He was the former leader of South Yemen. He was General Secretary of the Yemeni Socialist Party between 1980 and 1986. He was twice president of South Yemen and once the Prime Minister. He was the Prime Minister from 2 August 1971 until 14 February 1985.

President of Yemen

The President of the Republic of Yemen is the head of state of Yemen. The president is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and head of the executive branch of the Yemeni government.

Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi

Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi (ʿAbdrabbuh Manṣūr Hādī;   ; born 1 September 1945) is a Yemeni politician. He was a Field Marshal of the Yemeni Armed Forces. He was Vice President from 1994 to 2012. He became the second President of Yemen on 27 February 2012.

In 2022, Hadi resigned, in a sign for a push for peace with Saudi Arabia.

Rich Priske

Rich "Rock" Priske (August 29, 1967 – July 11, 2020) was a Canadian bassist. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He played bass and/or written songs for Art Bergmann, DSK, ShoCore, Chrome Dog, Bif Naked and Real McKenzies, and others. 

Priske was most widely known for playing bass guitar and keyboards in the Canadian band Matthew Good Band from 1998 to 2002. He later played with Matthew Good until the end of the "In a Coma" tour in the fall of 2005. 

Priske died on July 11, 2020 from a heart attack, aged 52.

Fleetwood Town F.C.

Fleetwood Town Football Club is an English professional football club from Fleetwood, Lancashire. They currently play in League One, the third level of football in England.

They are nicknamed 'The Fishermen' or ‘The Cods’ due to Fleetwood being a coastal town. 

Their home stadium is Highbury Stadium. The stadium can hold 5,327 fans.

Along with Blackpool, they compete in the ""Fylde Coast Derby"".

Raymundo Capetillo

Raymundo Sánchez y Capetillo, known as Raymundo Capetillo (1 September 1943 – 12 July 2020), was a Mexican actor. He was also an economist and an English teacher. He was born in Mexico City. His acting career began in the 1960s. His best known works were "Rosa salvaje" and "Corazón salvaje".

Capetillo died on 12 July 2020 at a hospital in Mexico City from COVID-19, aged 76.

Sharknado

Sharknado is a 2013 American television sci-fi disaster movie about a waterspout that lifts sharks out of the ocean and throws them them in Los Angeles. It is the first movie in the "Sharknado" movie series. It first aired on the Syfy channel on July 11, 2013.

It stars Tara Reid, Ian Ziering, John Heard and Cassie Scerbo. 

Five sequels were made: "", "", "" and "". "", the sixth and final movie in the franchise, was released on August 19, 2018. 

Free Wales Army

The Free Wales Army, or the FWA for short, () was a Welsh paramilitary organisation that wanted independence for Wales from the United Kingdom.

It was formed in 1963 in Lampeter, a small town in Ceredigion, by Julian Cayo-Evans.

They first appeared in public at a protest in 1965 against the construction of the Llyn Celyn reservoir.

The group's members used to march through historic towns, such as Machynlleth, wearing home-made uniforms.

Hasan al-Lawzi

Hasan Ahmad al-Lawzi (1952 – July 13, 2020) was a Yemeni politician and writer. He was the Minister of Information. He published several volumes of poetry and short stories. From June to August 2011, he was the Acting Prime Minister of Yemen.

Al-Lawzi died on July 13, 2020, at the age of 68, after being infected with COVID-19 during the pandemic in Yemen.

Eugene Chelyshev

Eugene Petrovich Chelyshev or E. P. Chelyshev (, 27 October 1921 – 13 July 2020) was a Russian indologist, academician and public figure. He was a full-time member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1987), and he was the Academician-Secretary of the Department of Literature and Language Sciences (1988–2002).

He was awarded two Orders of the Red Star (1944, 1949), Order of the Patriotic War II degree (1985), Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" IV Degree (1997), III degree (2007), II degree (2020), Order of Honour (2012).

Indology

Indology or Indian studies is the academic study of the history and cultures, languages, and literature of India and other Asian studies.

There are two types of Indology, "Classical Indology" from "Modern Indology". Classical is about ancient India and Modern is about current-day India and its politics.


Alfie Allen

Alfie Evan Allen (born 11 September 1986) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Theon Greyjoy in the television series "Game of Thrones" (2011–2019).

Comet NEOWISE

C/2020 F3 (NEOWISE), or Comet NEOWISE, is a retrograde comet with a near-parabolic orbit discovered on March 27, 2020, by astronomers using the NEOWISE space telescope. 

At that time it was a 10th magnitude comet, located away from the Sun and away from Earth.

The comet is notable for being one of the brightest visible to observers in the northern hemisphere since Comet Hale–Bopp in 1997. 

Ren Zhengfei

Ren Zhengfei (; born 25 October 1944) is a Chinese entrepreneur and engineer. He is the founder and CEO of Shenzhen-based Huawei.

As of February 2019, he had a net worth of US$1.3 billion.

Meng Wanzhou

Meng Wanzhou (; born February 13, 1972; also known as Cathy Meng and Sabrina Meng) is a Chinese business executive. She is the deputy chair of the board and chief financial officer (CFO) of telecom giant and China's largest privately held company, Huawei, founded by her father Ren Zhengfei.

In December 2018, she was arrested in Vancouver for fraud charges.

Paul Schrader

Paul Joseph Schrader () (born July 22, 1946) is an American screenwriter, movie director, and critic. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He wrote or co-wrote screenplays for four Martin Scorsese movies: "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Raging Bull" (1980), "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988), and "Bringing Out the Dead" (1999).

In September 2022, Schrader was hospitalized for COVID-19 and pneumonia.

Ysbyty Ystwyth

Ysbyty Ystwyth (pronounced "us-but-ee ust-with") is a small village and community in Ceredigion, an area of Wales. In 2011, it had a small population of just 409. The community also includes the small hamlet of Pont-rhyd-y-groes.

It is located south-southeast of Aberystwyth.

Its name roughly translates into English as "Hospital of Ystwyth". The village's church was the property of the Order of the Knights of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem, hence the hospital name.

The village has an SY postcode, also known as a Shrewsbury postcode, the county town of Shropshire, England.

Death of Tina Fontaine

Tina Michelle Fontaine was a First Nations girl who went missing in Winnipeg in August 2014 and was found dead several days later. She is one of the many missing and murdered Indigenous women in Canada.

Tina was Ojibwe and Cree. Her grandfather from her dad's side survived the Canadian Indian residential school system. Because of his experiences, he was a violent alcoholic. Her father, Eugene Fontaine, left the Sagkeeng First Nation and moved to Winnipeg, where he too became addicted to alcohol.

Tina's mother was from Bloodvein First Nation, 250 km north of Winnipeg. She was taken out of home at the age of 6 and was put into foster care. When she was 10, she was taken away from her family forever. At that point, she was sexually abused and started to use drugs. Her mother was 12 when she met her father, who was 23. She ran away from foster care in order to be with Tina's dad.

In 1996, Tina's older sibling was born. Tina's mom was 14. This child was taken away forever by family services.

Tina was born on January 1, 1999. Her other sibling was born in 2000.

When Tina was 1, she was taken away from her family by family services. She was taken away again when she was 2 and placed with her father. When Tina was 5, her father placed her and a younger sibling with a great-aunt. She lived much of her life on the Sagkeeng First Nations Reserve in rural Manitoba.

In 2011, Tina's father was beaten to death. Her aunt said that the death of Tina's father affected her. Even though Tina could have received grief counseling, she did not. Tina started to skip school, not do assignments, get into fights, and hurt herself. She was suspended from school and was reported missing three times. Her family kept asking for help from family services.

In June 2014, Tina went to Winnipeg in order to meet her mother.


A woman named "Katrina" said she was with Fontaine before she disappeared. Here is her version of what happened:

In December 2015, a man named Raymond Joseph Cormier was charged with Fontaine's murder. On February 22, 2018, he was found not guilty.

Ki Daophet Niuhuang

Ki Daophet Niuhuang () was a singer from Laos, in the genre Mor lam. He was born on 1 July 1972.

He started on stage in 1994, with his brothers who founded Mor lam music band Num Kosin, and he started as a solo artist in 1997.

He has many popular songs include "Nam Ta Kway", "Jee Hoy", "Nam Ta Luk Phoo Chay", "Fa Oum Fon Kue Khon Oum Nong", "Miea Mak Phay", and "Koy Nong Kuen Udom Xai". In 2014, Niuhuang and Pueng Rassamee released a studio album, "Sao Mak Nao Bao Na Wang", and in 2018, Niuhuang and Prang Buppha relased single "Bao Vientiane Hak Xao Nongkhai".

He died on 24 April 2020.

Phillip Phillips

Phillip LaDon Phillips Jr. (born September 20, 1990) is an American singer, songwriter and actor. He won the eleventh season of "American Idol" on May 23, 2012. His coronation song, "Home", became the best-selling song in "American Idol" history. He has released three studio albums.

Phillips was born in Albany, Georgia. He is married to Hannah Blackwell. The couple have a child.


Grant Imahara

Grant Masaru Imahara (October 23, 1970 – July 13, 2020) was an American electrical engineer, roboticist, and television host. He was best known for his work on the television series "MythBusters". He starred in the Netflix series "White Rabbit Project". Imahara was born in Los Angeles, California.

Imahara died from a sudden intracranial aneurysm in Los Angeles on July 13, 2020 at age of 49.

William Wolff

William Wolff (13 February 1927 – 8 July 2020) was a German-British journalist and rabbi. He was born in Berlin. He worked as a department head at the Daily Mirror. 

Wolff was responsible for domestic policy, but then switched to foreign policy with the special topic of Britain's entry to the European Economic Community. He was responsible for company news for four years. In Germany, he also appeared in the early 1970s on the television program Der Internationale Frühschoppen.

He was a rabbi at West London Synagogue, in Newcastle upon Tyne (1986-1990), in Milton Keynes (1990-1993), Reading and Brighton (1993-1997) and in Wimbledon (1997-2002). On 23 April 2002, he was appointed to the position of regional rabbi of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in Schwerin. He retired in 2015.

Wolff died on 8 July 2020 at the age of 93 in London.

St. Peter, Minnesota

St. Peter is a city located in Nicollet County, Minnesota, United States. The city is located 10 miles north of the Mankato – North Mankato metropolitan area. The population was 12,066 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Nicollet County. 

North Mankato, Minnesota

North Mankato is a city in Nicollet and Blue Earth counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was 14,275 at the 2020 census.

Le Sueur, Minnesota

Le Sueur is a city in Le Sueur and Sibley counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota, between Mankato and the Twin Cities. The population was 4,213 at the 2020 census.

Mike Lindell

Michael James Lindell (born June 28, 1961), is an American inventor, businessman, and entrepreneur. He is the founder and CEO of My Pillow, Inc., and is sometimes known as "the My Pillow guy". He is known as a strong supporter of former President Donald Trump during his presidency and even was a close advisor to the president.

In 2022, he announced his candidacy for Chairman of the Republican National Committee against Ronna Romney McDaniel for the 2023 election.

John Schnatter

John H. Schnatter (born November 22 or 23, 1961), nicknamed commercially as Papa John, is an American businessman. He founded Papa John's Pizza in 1984.

He stepped down as CEO on January 1, 2018, after comments he made in November 2017 criticizing National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell for not doing anything about national anthem protests by football players. He then resigned as chairman of the board on July 11, 2018, when a scandal broke out over his use of a racial slur.

House of Representatives of Liberia

The House of Representatives is the lower chamber of the bicameral legislative branch of Liberia, and together with the Senate made up the Legislature of Liberia. The number of seats is fixed by law at 73. The House meets at the Capitol Building in Monrovia.

Senate of Liberia

The Senate is the upper house of the bicameral legislative branch of Liberia, and together with the House of Representatives made up the Legislature of Liberia. Each of the fifteen counties are equally represented by two senators, elected to nine-year terms. The Senate meets at the Capitol Building in Monrovia.

Legislature of Liberia

The Legislature of Liberia is the bicameral legislature of the government of Liberia. It is made up of a Senate – the upper house, and a House of Representatives – the lower house.

It is modeled after the United States Congress. Sessions are held at the Capitol Building in Monrovia. Legislature of Liberia is considered one of the three branches of government based on the Article III of the Constitution of Liberia.

Munah Pelham-Youngblood

Munah Evangeline Pelham-Youngblood (22 September 19838 July 2020) was a Liberian politician. She was elected twice to the Liberian House of Representatives. She was the youngest person ever elected to the Liberian parliament. She was a member of Congress for Democratic Change. She worked for President George Weah.

Pelham-Youngblood died in Accra, Ghana, on 8 July 2020 at the age of 36.

Santiago Nchama

Santiago Nsobeya Efuman Nchama (c. 1950 – July 2020) was an Equatoguinean politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea. Between 1999 and 2003, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs. 

In July 2013, Nchama was named Second Vice-President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of Equatorial Guinea, alongside Francisca Tatchouop Belobe.

Nchama's death was reported on 8 July 2020, aged 70.

List of presidents of Equatorial Guinea

The following is a list of presidents of Equatorial Guinea, since the establishment of the office of President in 1968.

Francisco Macías Nguema

Francisco Macías Nguema (born Mez-m Ngueme; Africanised to Masie Nguema Biyogo Ñegue Ndong; 1 January 1924 – 29 September 1979) was the first President of Equatorial Guinea, from 1968 until his overthrow. He was executed in 1979.

List of prime ministers of Equatorial Guinea

The following is a list of prime ministers of Equatorial Guinea, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister of Spanish Guinea in 1963.


Jean-François Garreaud

Jean-François Garreaud (1 April 1946 – 9 July 2020) was a French actor. Garreaud was born in Montmorency, Val-d'Oise, France. His best-known role is that of Jean Dabin in "Violette Nozière", released in 1978. He was also known for his role as Henri in "I as in Icarus" in 1979.

Garreaud died on 9 July 2020 in Saint-Jory-de-Chalais, France at the age of 74.

Bill Gilbreth

William Freeman Gilbreth (September 3, 1947 – July 12, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played three seasons for the Detroit Tigers and California Angels of Major League Baseball. His career lasted from 1971 to 1972 and again in 1974. Gilbreth was born in Abilene, Texas.

Gilbreth died on July 12, 2020 from heart surgery-related problems, aged 72. 

Tory Belleci

Salvatore Paul "Tory" Belleci (born October 30, 1970) is an American television host and model maker. He is best known as a presenter for the Discovery Channel show "MythBusters" and Netflix's "White Rabbit Project". He has also worked with visual effects company Industrial Light & Magic for movies such as "" and "". He was born in Monterey, California.

Kari Byron

Kari Elizabeth Byron (born December 18, 1974) is an American television host. She is best known as a presenter for the Discovery Channel show "MythBusters" and Netflix's "White Rabbit Project". She has also appeared in "Head Rush" and "Crash Test World". She was born in Santa Clara County, California.

Council of Representatives of Iraq

The Council of Representatives (; , "Enjumen-e Nûnerên") is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Iraq. As of 2020, it comprises 329 seats and meets in Baghdad inside the Green Zone.

As a result of the ongoing 2019 Iraqi protests, the Council of Representatives approved a new law on 24 December 2019 which aims to make it easier for independent politicians to win a seat in the Council of Representatives.

Ghaida Kambash

Ghaida Kambash (1974 – 10 July 2020) was an Iraqi politician. She was born in Baghdad. She was three times in a row elected to the Iraqi parliament. She campaigned shortly before her death for a reform of the education system.

Kambash died in Baghdad on 10 July 2020, aged 46 due to COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Iraq.

Abdelmajid Tlemçani

Abdelmajid Tlemçani (30 November 1937 – 8 July 2020) was a Tunisian footballer. Tlemçani played for Espérance Sportive de Tunis and the Tunisian national team. He is the father of footballer Zied Tlemçani. Tlemçani scored the highest number of goals in the Tunisian League.

Tlemçani died on 8 July 2020, aged 82.

Manuel Moroun

Manuel Moroun (June 5, 1927 – July 12, 2020) was an American billionaire businessman. He was the owner of CenTra, Inc, which controls the Ambassador Bridge, the international crossing connecting Detroit, Michigan and Windsor, Ontario. A 2008 "Forbes" article listed him as the 321st richest American.

Moroun died of congestive heart failure on July 12, 2020 in Detroit, aged 93.

Grosse Pointe Shores, Michigan

Grosse Pointe Shores is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The city's population was 2,647 at the 2020 census.

Ramón Escobar Santiago

Ramón Escobar Santiago (14 March 1937 – 8 July 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the People's Party. From 1979 to 1981, he was Vice President of the Diputación Provincial de Segovia. Escobar Santiago was Mayor of Segovia from 1991 until 1999. He was born in Valencia, Spain.

Escobar Santiago died on 8 July 2020 in Segovia, aged 83.

Jack Ah Kit

John Leonard Ah Kit (22 July 1950 – 12 July 2020) was an Australian Labor Party politician. He was the Labor member for Arnhem in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1995 to 2005. Kit was born in Alice Springs, Northern Territory.

Kit died on 12 July 2020 in Darwin, Northern Territory at the age of 69.

Debendra Nath Roy

Debendra Nath Roy (1955 – 13 July 2020) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Hemtabad in 2016 as a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and later joined Bharatiya Janata Party.

Roy was found dead on 13 July 2020, hanging in front of a shop at Balia More, Raiganj. His family claimed that the death was not a suicide.

Club Atlético Brown

Club Atlético Brown (mostly known as Brown de Adrogué) is an Argentine football club from the Adrogué neighborhood in Greater Buenos Aires. The team currently plays in Primera B Nacional, the second division of the Argentine football league system.


Micro-Star International

Micro-Star International Co., Ltd. (MSI; ) is a Taiwanese multinational information technology corporation headquartered in New Taipei City, Taiwan. It designs, develops and provides computer hardware.

The company has a primary listing on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and was created in August 1986. 

Karrar Ibrahim Hashim

He represented Iraq at the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. He was a squad member without playing at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Karrar was found dead in his car on a street in Baghdad on 10 July 2020 after having a heart attack.

Chuck Hulse

Chuck Hulse (October 3, 1927 – July 13, 2020) was an American racecar driver. He was born in Anaheim, California. Hulse raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1959–1964 and 1966–1968 seasons, with 60 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1962, 1963, 1966 and 1967. 

On July 13, 2020, Hulse died, aged 93.

Roger Simons

Roger Simons (1927 – July 2020) was a Belgian journalist, reporter and correspondent. Simons was the correspondent of the BRT, (later named BRTN and VRT) between 1961 and 2002. He was also the correspondent for the Dutch newspaper "Leidsche Courant". 

He retired in 1992.. He became an Officer of the Order of Leopold III after his retirement in 1992. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium.

Simons died in London in July 2020, aged 93.

Madelaine Petsch

Madelaine Grobbelaar Petsch (born August 18, 1994) is an American actress. She is known for playing Cheryl Blossom in The CW series "Riverdale". Her movie credits include "F the Prom" (2017) and "Polaroid" (2019). She also has a YouTube channel, with over five million subscribers.

Petsch was born in Port Orchard, Washington. Her parents are from South Africa. She is a vegan.

Kōji Wada

His nickname is "Immortal Butterfly Anisong Singer" (不死蝶のアニソンシンガー).

On April 3, 2016, Wada died suddenly from nasopharynx cancer-related problems in Tokyo, aged 42. 

Billy Tang

Billy Tang Hin-Shing () (died 2 July 2020) was a Hong Kong movie director. He began working as an assistant director for Asia Television. He was known for directing "Dr. Lamb", "Those Were the Days..." and "Dial D for Demons".

Tang died of nasopharynx cancer on 2 July 2020, aged 69.

Zeng Yi (virologist)

Zeng Yi (; March 8, 1929 – July 13, 2020) was a Chinese virologist. He was a professor at Beijing University of Technology and a researcher at Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. In 1993, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.

In October 2002, he became the founding dean of the College of Life Science and Bioengineering of Beijing University of Technology. 

Zeng died of an illness in Beijing on July 13, 2020, at the age of 91.

Green Grass of Wyoming

Green Grass of Wyoming is a 1948 American romantic western drama movie directed by Louis King and was based on the novel of the same name by Mary O'Hara. It stars Peggy Cummins, Charles Coburn, Robert Arthur, Lloyd Nolan, Burl Ives, Richard Garrick and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1949.


Volvulus

A volvulus is when a loop of intestine twists around itself and the mesentery that supports it, resulting in a bowel obstruction. Symptoms include abdominal pain, abdominal bloating, vomiting, constipation, and bloody stool. This causes the blood flow to part of the intestine is cut off.

Otto of Bavaria

Otto (; 27 April 1848 – 11 October 1916) was King of Bavaria from 1886 until his death. He never actively ruled because of schizophrenia. His uncle, Luitpold, and his cousin, Ludwig, were regents.

Otto was the son of Maximilian II and his wife, Marie of Prussia, and the younger brother of Ludwig II.

Otto died from volvulus at Fürstenried Palace on 11 October 1916, aged 68.



European Go Federation

The European Go Federation (EGF) is a non-profit organization for Go in Europe.
EGF has been organizing several tournaments including the European Go Congress. They are open to all European players.
Membership is open to the Go-organising body in each country in or near to Europe. EU/NATO membership is not required.

The European Professional System was established by the European Go Federation in 2014. Only few players who passed the qualification can obtain the EGF professional status.



Adalet Ağaoğlu

Adalet Ağaoğlu (née Sümer; 23 October 1929 – 14 July 2020) was a Turkish novelist and playwright. She was thought to be one of the best known novelists of 20th-century Turkish literature. She has also written essays, memoirs, and short stories. She was born in Ankara Province, Turkey.

Ağaoğlu died on 14 July 2020 from multiple organ failure in Ankara, aged 90.

Caesar Korolenko

Caesar Petrovich Korolenko (; 3 October 1933 – 14 July 2020) was a Polish-born Russian psychiatrist. His scientific work was related to addictive disorders. He was a full time member of New York Academy of Sciences. He was also on the editorial board of "Anthropology & Medicine". Korolenko was Chair of psychiatry in the Novosibirsk Medical Institute from 1964 to 2006. 

Korolenko was born in Brest-on-the-Bug, Polesie Voivodeship, Poland.

He died from COVID-19 on 14 July 2020 in Novosibirsk, Russia at the age of 86.

Benigno Fitial

Benigno Repeki Fitial (born November 27, 1945) is a Northern Mariana politician. He was the governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) from 2006 until 2013.

He was impeached by the CNMI House of Representatives on February 11, 2013 and was scheduled to face trial before the CNMI Senate to determine if he should be removed from office. He resigned on February 20, 2013 after 7 years, 1 month, and 11 days in office.

Dolgellau

Dolgellau (pronounced "Dol-gell-eye" or "Dol-gel-ee") is a small town and community in Gwynedd, a county of Wales. It is the county town of the historic county of Merionethshire. In 2011, it had a population of 2,688.

The area is famous for its beautiful countryside and historic buildings and attractions. It is very popular with hikers, horse riders, white-water rafters and climbing.

Since 1992, the town has held Sesiwn Fawr Dolgellau (), an annual world music festival. It originally started as a small event and would be held in the streets of the town centre but has since grown too big and is now held in the town's outskirts.

Dolgellau has one twin town. It is twinned with:

Anna Cathcart

Anna Cathcart (born June 16, 2003) is a Canadian child actress. She played Olympia in "Odd Squad", Dizzy in the Disney Channel original movies "Descendants 2" and "3", Kitty in the Netflix original movie "To All the Boys I've Loved Before" and Zoe in Zoe Valentine.

Cathcart was born in Richmond, Canada on June 16, 2003, and raised in Vancouver, Canada. She has an older sister called Sara Cathcart. Cathcart currently goes to school.


Yeti: Giant of the 20th Century

Yeti, Giant of the 20th Century or "Yeti" in video releases, is a 1977 Italian-Canadian American adventure giant monster movie directed by Giancarlo Parolini. released in December 12, 1977 by Italy.

in the middle of Canadian mountains, Prof. Wassermann searches an giant iceberg with a frozen Yeti.

Yasuhiko Funago

Funago was born in Gifu. He has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).


Nanobot

Nanorobots, or nanobots for short, are a hypothetical type of robots. Their parts are about as big as a nanometer (0,0000000001 or 10 meters).

Nanobots could be useful in branches like medicine. They could do a diagnosis and targeted drug-delivery for cancer.

Liselotte Pulver

Liselotte Pulver (born 11 October 1929), sometimes credited as Lilo Pulver, is a Swiss actress. Pulver was one of the stars of German cinema in the 1950s and 1960s, where she often was cast as a tomboy. Her breakthrough movie role was "Vreneli", the wife of the lead in "Uli, der Knecht" (1954).

She was James Cagney's secretary in Billy Wilder's comedy "One, Two, Three" (1961). In 1963, for her role as a Russian woman in "A Global Affair", she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as best supporting actress.

Sombat Metanee

Sombat Metanee (; 26 June 1937 – 18 August 2022) was a Thai actor, singer, politician and movie director. He held the Guinness World Record for most movie appearances (more than 600). In 1966, he won the Golden Doll Award for his role in "Suek Bang Rajan". 

He was among an all-star Thai cast in Chatrichalerm Yukol's "The Legend of Suriyothai". He had a small comedic role in the 2004 comedy, "Bangkok Loco" and played a senior police officer in the 2005 horror-comedy, "".

In 2006, he was elected to the National Assembly of Thailand.

Metanee died on 18 August 2022 at his home in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 85.

Muid Latif

Muid Latif (24 February 1979 – 11 April 2020) was a Malaysian-based web designer, graphic designer and digital artist. He was known for promoting the cultural elements of the Southeast Asia from Batik and Songket into his commercial works and artworks.

Muid was the Project Lead for Creative Commons Malaysia who actively promote Free culture movement and open collaboration. Muid was one of the official Behance Ambassadors representing Malaysia and the author of 'Mekarnya Cinta Kata-kata dan Puisi' e-book.

Latif died on 11 April 2020, aged 41.

Boris Tsirelson

Boris Semyonovich Tsirelson (May 4, 1950 – January 21, 2020) (, ) was a Russian–Israeli mathematician. He was a Professor of Mathematics at Tel Aviv University in Israel. He was born in Leningrad. He was known for his discoveries: Tsirelson's bound, Tsirelson space, Tsirelson drift and Gaussian isoperimetric inequality.

Tsirelson, who had cancer, was euthanized on January 21, 2020 in Basel, Switzerland at the age of 69.

Torre en Cameros

Torre en Cameros is a municipality in La Rioja province, Spain. It has an area of . In 2011, it had a population of 12 people.

Alhambra, California

Alhambra is a city in the west part of San Gabriel Valley, Los Angeles County, California. It is about east of Downtown Los Angeles. It was incorporated on July 11, 1903. At the 2020 census, 82,868 people lived there.

Downtown Los Angeles

Downtown Los Angeles is the central business district of Los Angeles, California. It is also a neighbourhood. About 85,000 people live there. It is the part of Los Angeles with the most skyscrapers, including the Wilshire Grand Center and the U.S. Bank Tower. The neighbourhood has an area of about .

Los Angeles City Hall

Los Angeles City Hall is the main government building in Los Angeles, California. The office of the Mayor of Los Angeles is in there as well as Los Angeles City Council. The building is in the Civic Center district of Downtown Los Angeles. The building was completed in 1928 and is about tall.

Raymond Abbas

Raymond Abbas, commonly known as Hushpuppi, is a Nigerian internet personality. He is notorious for showcasing his lavish lifestyle on Instagram which raised suspicions on the origins of his wealth. He was arrested by the Dubai Police authority. He was handed over to the FBI on June 2020. 

Abbas' apartment in Dubai was raided by both the FBI and Interpol. They seized more than $37 million in cash. He and his associates were allegedly running an international scam and were suspected of various crimes including: cyber fraud, money-laundering, bank fraud, and identity theft which were committed outside the UAE.

Archipelago big-eyed tree frog

The archipelago big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes perimetri") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on islands in the Louisade Archipelago. It lives in forests and wetlands not near the ocean.

The adult male frog is about long and the female long. The dead, preserved frog is dark gray. There is some yellow on the throat.

Virginia Giuffre

Virginia Louise Giuffre ("née" Roberts; August 9, 1983) is an American advocate of justice for victims of sex trafficking. She is one of the known victims of a sex trafficking operation by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. In 2015, she founded the nonprofit organization "Victims Refuse Silence". 

Virginia Giuffre was born Virginia Louise Roberts in on August 9, 1983 in Sacramento, California. When she was four years old, her family relocated to Loxahatchee in Palm Beach County, Florida. 

She reportedly came from a "troubled home". Giuffre told the "Miami Herald" that she went from being in "an abusive situation, to being a runaway, to living in foster homes." She lived on the streets at age 13 before getting abused by a 65-year-old sex trafficker, Ron Eppinger, in Miami. 

Giuffre lived with Eppinger for approximately 6 months. He was raided by the FBI and later said "guilty" to charges of alien smuggling for prostitution, interstate travel for prostitution, and money laundering.




14th Street–Union Square station

14th Street - Union Square is a station on the BMT Broadway Line, BMT Canarsie Line and IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 14th Street and 4th Avenue under Union Square in Manhattan. It is served by the L, N, Q, R, W, 4, 5 and 6 trains.

Mars Needs Moms

Mars Needs Moms is a 2011 American 3D computer-animated science fiction adventure movie based on the Berkeley Breathed book of the same title.


Old Trafford (area)

</noinclude>

Old Trafford is a suburb near Stretford. It is in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. It is southwest of Manchester city centre. Its limits are more or less the crossroads of two old toll gates:Brooks's Bar to the east and Trafford Bar tram stop to the west.

Old Trafford is where the Old Trafford football stadium is. It is the home of Manchester United F.C.. It is also where Old Trafford Cricket Ground is. This is the home of Lancashire County Cricket Club. They are at opposite ends of Brian Statham Way (this used to be Warwick Road) and Sir Matt Busby Way (this used to be Warwick Road North). The road between them still has the name Warwick Road. The southern part on the other side of the Metrolink line is Warwick Road South.


English football league system

The English football league system is a series of leagues that are connected for men's association football clubs in England. Five teams also come from Wales, one team comes from Guernsey and one comes from Jersey. It is also called the football pyramid. The system has a hierarchical format. It has promotion and relegation between leagues at different levels. This means that in theory, even the smallest club can get to the top of the system. In the system, there are more than 140 leagues, and more than 480 divisions.

The total number of clubs changes every year. This is because clubs join and stop playing in leagues. Sometimes it is also because a club stops existing or merges with another club. An average of 15 clubs per division means that more than 7,000 teams of nearly 5,300 clubs are in a league in the English men's football league system.

There are no official definitions of any level below 11. This means that the structure at level 12 and below is not definitive.

The pyramid for women's football in England is not the same. It has nine levels. Also, some English men's football clubs play outside the English football league system.

Aston Villa director William McGregor created the (English) Football League in 1888. The biggest clubs were the ones who were in support of professionalism. The twelve first clubs were six from Lancashire (Accrington, Blackburn Rovers, Burnley, Bolton Wanderers, Everton and Preston North End) and six from the Midlands (Aston Villa, Derby County, Notts County, Stoke, West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers).

The system is a pyramid of leagues. These are part of the same system through the idea of promotion and relegation. The better clubs in each league go to a higher league. The clubs that finish the season at the bottom of their league can go down to a lower league. Promotion has two important factors. The first factor is how well the club plays. The second factor is that the club needs to meet criteria set by the higher league. These criteria are often about having the right facilities and finances.

In theory, it is possible for a low level local amateur club to win promotions. Within a few years they can get to the highest level of the English game and become champions of the Premier League. In practice, this is not likely (at least not in a short period of time). However, clubs move a lot within the pyramid.

The top five levels each have one division. They are national leagues. This means clubs in these leagues play in the whole country. In level 6 and lower, the levels have more and more leagues at the same level. The lower levels are in a smaller location. Many leagues have more than one division. At the lower levels the leagues do not always exist. In some places where a lot of people live, there are leagues more than twenty levels below the Premier League. There are also leagues in different parts of the country which are not officially part of the system. This is because they do not have formal agreements with other leagues. However some county football associations accept these leagues exist. Clubs from these leagues can join a league in the system. They usually need to have the right standard of play (they need to play football well enough) and have right facilities.

The seven levels just below the Premier League and English Football League are called the National League System. The Football Association (FA) is the authority for these leagues. The system has changed over many years. The biggest change recently was when there were two new leagues at level six. These were the Conference North and Conference South (now National League North and South). This meant that the top divisions of the Southern League, Isthmian League and Northern Premier League went down to level seven. In May 2014 The FA announced provisional plans for a new division between the English Football League and the National League. This would include "B" teams (second teams) of higher-level clubs (for example, Manchester City F.C. B Team, or Liverpool F.C. B Team) . However, they changed this idea later. This meant that Premier League "B" teams could not play in the new division. Soon after this, they gave up the idea.

The English football league system does not include the amateur version of the game often called Sunday league football. These leagues are independent. They do not have promotion or relegation. They do not belong to the football pyramid. However, some Sunday league clubs sometimes join pyramid leagues. This is often if they want to play at a higher level. There are also some Saturday leagues which are not officially part of the pyramid. However, teams often leave these for pyramid leagues. The FA accepted a non-promoting Saturday league (a league with no promotion or relegation) to the pyramid in May 2017. This was the Lincolnshire League.

At the top is the single division of the Premier League (Level 1). This is often called the "top-flight". It has 20 clubs. They were all located in England until the 2010–11 season. However, two Welsh teams (Swansea City and Cardiff City) have since played in the league. Below the Premier League is the English Football League (EFL). This used to be the Football League. It has three divisions of 24 clubs each: The Championship (Level 2), League One (Level 3) and League Two (Level 4). The 20 clubs in the Premier League and the 72 clubs in the English Football League are all full-time (all the time) professional clubs. The Premier League teams are still often called 'League' clubs. This is because before 1992 the Football League, as it was called then, included all 92 clubs in four divisions. In 1992, the Premier League started, and became separate. Clubs outside this group of 92 teams are called 'non-League' clubs (i.e. non-EFL). However, they also play their football in league competitions.

The top level of non-League football is the National League. It has a national division (National League) of 24 clubs (Level 5). It is the lowest level with a single league for the whole country. This division is like the four above. It is a full-time professional competition. However, some promoted clubs keep their part-time status. There are two divisions at Level 6. They cover the north (National League North) and the south (National League South). They have 22 clubs each. Some of these clubs are full-time professional clubs. The other clubs are semi-professional. Below the National League, some of the stronger clubs are also semi-professional. However, in the lower levels, soon all the clubs are amateur. Lower-level leagues are also often for smaller regions. This is because smaller clubs don't have as much money to travel far away.

Below the National League, there are three regional leagues. Each is in a different area. Sometimes the areas are similar. They are the Northern Premier League (which covers the north of England), Southern Football League (which covers the Midlands, south and southwest of England, with one club from South Wales) and the Isthmian League (which includes clubs from the south-east of England as well as Guernsey from the Channel Islands). All of the leagues have Premier Divisions of 22 teams (Level 7). Below these, the Northern Premier League and Southern Football League each have two divisions of 20 teams (Level 8). They are in different regions. The Isthmian League has three level 8 divisions of 20 teams each as well.

Level 9 contains the top divisions of a large group of fourteen smaller than regional leagues. Each of these leagues has a different setup. They all have one thing in common: they all have leagues below them. Each covers a smaller and smaller area.


Being members of a league at a particular level also change whether a team can play certain competitions.

In the case of the FA Cup and the FA Vase, some of the clubs in the lowest level in each do not play. For example, in the 2017–18 FA Cup, there were 77 teams from Level 10 out of the 338 in total at that level.

Below Level 11 the pyramid becomes regional. The cups become regional or local. Lower down, the pyramid is based on counties. Counties have their own cups. This does not include some tournaments called "Senior Cups". These are often competitions between teams representing top professional clubs in a district. They may be little more than derbies, for example the Gloucestershire Cup. This originally included all teams in Gloucestershire, but then became a Bristol derby.

The table below shows the current structure of the system. For each division, there is its official name, sponsorship name (for levels 1–8, if it is different from its historic name) and number of clubs. At levels 1–8, each division promotes to the division that is directly above it. It relegates to the division that is directly below it. Below that level, individual league articles talk about promotion and relegation details.

The Premier League runs level one in the pyramid. It is the top division of English football. It is also called the Premier League. The winners are the champions of England. The English Football League (EFL) runs levels two to four. Together, these four divisions make up what is known as "league football".

The leagues below level four are classed as "non-League football". This means they are outside the EFL. The leagues at levels five to eleven include the National League System (NLS). They come under the direct control of the Football Association. The top-level (level 5) of the NLS is known as "step 1" by the FA, the next (level 6) as "step 2", and so on.

The system is only defined as far as level 10. What follows is a representation of one possible structure, should the system be defined further.



Kat and the Band

Kat and the Band is a 2019 British coming-of-age music movie directed by E.E. Hegarty from a screenplay by Jemma Field and Michael Müller. The movie stars Ella Hunt, Dougie Poynter, Jennifer Leong, Callum McGowan, Idris Debrand, Sevan Stephan, Joanna David, Badly Drawn Boy, Jackson Bews, Katherine Kelly, and Rufus Hound. It was released in the United Kingdom on July 13, 2020.

Seventeen year old, music obsessed school girl Kat Malone tricks her way into managing struggling band Dollar Days, pretending to be a band manager in her twenties.


The movie was released in the United Kingdom on July 13, 2020, by 101 Films.


Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason

Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is a 2004 British French German Irish American romantic comedy movie directed by Beeban Kidron and is based on the 1999 novel of the by Helen Fielding. It stars Renée Zellweger, Colin Firth, Hugh Grant and is the sequel to the 2001 movie "Bridget Jones's Diary". It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Lamborghini V8

The Lamborghini V8 is a 90 degree V8 petrol engine. Lamborghini first made it in the 1970s for its cheaper cars. It was the company's second internal combustion engine. The Lamborghini Urraco first used it in 1971. The Lamborghini Silhouette used the engine in 1976-1977. The Lamborghini Jalpa also used it in 1982. Gian Paolo Dallara first designed the engine. 

Larry Crowne

Larry Crowne is a 2011 American romantic comedy movie directed by Tom Hanks (who also stars) and stars Julia Roberts. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Lamborghini V10

The Lamborghini V10 is a 90 degree V10 petrol engine. It was first made by Lamborghini for the Lamborghini Gallardo in 2003. It was the first engine made by them since they were bought by Audi.

As of 2019, these are the vehicles that use the Lamborghini V10:

Lamborghini

Audi

Marquette County, Michigan

Marquette County is a county in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The county seat is Marquette. As of the 2020 census, there were 66,017 people living here.

Marquette County

Marquette County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Menominee County, Michigan

Menominee County is a county in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 23,502 people live here. The county seat is Menominee.

Menominee County

Menominee County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Lamborghini V12

The Lamborghini V12 is a 60 degree V12 petrol engine that was made by Lamborghini between 1963 and 2011. the first version of this engine was the first internal combustion engine made by the company. It was first used in the Lamborghini 350GT.

Macon County, North Carolina

Macon County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 37,014 people live here. Its county seat is Franklin.

Ferruccio Lamborghini

Ferruccio Lamborghini (; 28 April 1916 – 20 February 1993) was an Italian industrialist. In 1963, he started Lamborghini, a maker of sports cars.

Lamborghini died at the Silvestrini Hospital in Perugia after having a heart attack fifteen days before. He was 76.

Ferruccio Lamborghini was born on April 28, 1916, to viticulturists Antonio and Evelina Lamborghini in house number 22 in Renazzo di Cento, in the Province of Ferrara, in the Emilia-Romagna region of Northern Italy. According to his baptismal certificate, Ferruccio was baptised as a Roman Catholic four days later, on 2 May.

As a young man, Lamborghini was drawn more to farming machinery rather than the farming lifestyle itself. Following his interest in mechanics, Lamborghini studied at the Fratelli Taddia technical institute near Bologna. In 1940 he was drafted into the Italian Royal Air Force, where he served as a mechanic at the Italian garrison on the island of Rhodes (territory of the Kingdom of Italy since 1911, after the Italo-Turkish War), becoming the supervisor of the vehicle maintenance unit. Lamborghini was taken prisoner when the island fell to the British at the end of the war in 1945, and was not able to return home until the next year. He married, but his wife died in 1947 while giving birth to his first child, a boy named Tonino.

After World War II, Lamborghini opened a garage in Pieve di Cento. Lamborghini modified an old Fiat Topolino he had purchased (the first of many that he would own over the years) in his spare time. He made use of his mechanical abilities to transform the homely city car into a roaring 750-cc open-top two-seater and entered the car in the 1948 Mille Miglia. His participation ended after 1,100 kilometres (680 mi) when he ran the car into the side of a restaurant in the town of Fiano, in Turin.

In 1947 Ferruccio Lamborghini recognized an emerging market in post-War Italy devoted to agricultural and industrial revitalization. Using parts from military vehicle engines and differentials from ARAR centres (Azienda Recupero Alienazione Residuati), Lamborghini built the first of his "Carioca" tractors, themselves based on the six-cylinder petrol engines of Morris trucks.

As petrol in Italy was prohibitively-priced, Lamborghini augmented the Morris engines with a fuel atomiser of his own creation, which allowed the tractors to be started with petrol, then switch to the cheaper diesel fuel. Based on the initial success of the Carioca, Lamborghini founded Lamborghini Trattori and began manufacturing tractors.
Ferruccio Lamborghini between a "Jarama" and a tractor

The Iconic Riva Aquarama Lamborghini (Hull #278) was registered and delivered on 7 June 1968 to its famous owner Ferruccio Lamborghini. The boat had some specific and unique features. It was the first and only one fitted with two Lamborghini engines and it had special side railing for holding on to during waterskiing and record attempts. The engine compartment was modified to fit the engines and a special open exhaust was built just to meet Ferruccio's demands.

Ferruccio owned the boat for over 20 years until July 1988, when he then sold it to Angelo Merli, a close friend.

Several speedskiing records were broken and Ferruccio was very passionate about his Riva as part of his lifestyle and exponent of Italian craft and design, maybe even just as passionate as he was about his Miura.

Lamborghini's increasing wealth allowed him to purchase faster more expensive cars than the tiny Fiats he had tinkered with during his youth. He owned cars such as Alfa Romeos and Lancias during the early 1950s and at one point he had enough cars to use a different one every day of the week, adding a Mercedes-Benz 300SL, a Jaguar E-Type coupé, and two Maserati 3500 GTs. Of the latter, Lamborghini said, "Adolfo Orsi, then the owner of Maserati, was a man I had a lot of respect for: he had started life as a poor boy, like myself. But I did not like his cars much. They felt heavy and did not really go very fast."

In 1958, Lamborghini traveled to Maranello to buy a Ferrari 250 GT: a two-seat coupé with a body designed by coachbuilder Pininfarina. He went on to own several more over the years, including a Scaglietti-designed 250 GT SWB Berlinetta and a 250 GT 2+2 four-seater. Lamborghini thought Ferrari's cars were good, but too noisy and rough to be proper road cars. He categorized them as repurposed track cars with poorly built interiors.
Period Ferraris had spartan interiors, lacking the plush appointments Lamborghini felt were essential to a "gran turismo" car

Lamborghini found that Ferrari's cars were equipped with inferior clutches, and required continuous trips to Maranello for rebuilds; technicians would secret the car away for several hours to perform the work, much to Lamborghini's annoyance. He had previously expressed dissatisfaction with Ferrari's after sales service, which he perceived to be substandard. Lamborghini brought his misgivings to Enzo Ferrari's attention, but was dismissed by the notoriously pride-filled Modenan. After successfully modifying one of his personally-owned Ferrari 250 GTs to outperform stock models, Lamborghini gained the impetus to pursue an automobile manufacturing venture of his own, aiming to create the perfect touring car that he felt no one could build for him. Lamborghini believed that a grand tourer should have attributes that were lacking in Ferrari's offerings, namely high performance without compromising tractability, ride quality, and interior appointments. A clever businessman, Lamborghini also knew that he could make triple the profit if the components used in his tractors were installed in a high-performance exotic car instead.

During the 1970s, Ferruccio Lamborghini's companies began to run into financial difficulties. In 1971, Lamborghini Trattori, which exported around half of its production of tractors, ran into trouble when its South African importer cancelled all its orders. In Bolivia, the new military government, which had recently staged a successful coup d'état, cancelled a large order of tractors that was being prepared for shipment in Genoa. Trattori's unionised employees could not be laid off, putting immense strain on the company. In 1972, Lamborghini sold his entire holding in the company to rival tractor builder SAME.Soon, the entire Lamborghini group found itself in financial trouble. Development at the automaker slowed as costs were cut. Ferruccio Lamborghini began courting buyers for Automobili and Trattori, entering negotiations with Georges-Henri Rossetti, a wealthy Swiss businessman and friend. Ferruccio sold Rossetti 51% of the company for US$600,000, thereby relinquishing control of the automaker he had founded. He continued to work at the Sant'Agata factory; Rossetti rarely involved himself in Automobili's affairs.

The situation did not improve: the 1973 oil crisis plagued sales of high performance cars of manufacturers from around the world. Consumers flocked to smaller, more practical modes of transportation with better fuel economy. By 1974, Ferruccio had become disenchanted with his car business. He severed all connections with the cars that bore his name, selling his remaining 49% stake in the automaker. The shares were acquired by René Leimer, a friend of Georges-Henri Rossetti.

After departing the automobile manufacturing business, Lamborghini continued his business activities in other areas, including his heating and air conditioning company, Lamborghini Calor. In 1969, he founded Lamborghini Oleodinamica S.p.A., a manufacturer of hydraulic valves and equipment.

In 1974, Lamborghini exited the industrial world and retired to a 3 km (740 acres) estate named "La Fiorita" on the shores of Lake Trasimeno, in Castiglione del Lago, a town in the Umbria region of central Italy. Returning to his farming roots, Lamborghini delighted in hunting and producing his own wines. Lamborghini even designed his own golf course, all while continuing to manage several business interests.

Lamborghini fathered a child, Patrizia, at age 58.

At 76 years of age, on February 20, 1993, Lamborghini died at Silvestrini Hospital in Perugia after suffering a heart attack fifteen days earlier. Lamborghini is buried at the cemetery of Renazzo.

The world of bullfighting is a key part of Lamborghini's identity. In 1962, Ferruccio Lamborghini visited the Seville ranch of Don Eduardo Miura, a renowned breeder of Spanish fighting bulls. Lamborghini, a Taurus himself, was so impressed by the majestic Miura animals that he decided to adopt a raging bull as the emblem for the auto company he would soon found.

After producing two cars with alphanumeric designations, Lamborghini once again turned to the bull breeder for inspiration. Don Eduardo was filled with pride when he learned that Ferruccio had named a car for his family and their line of bulls; the fourth Miura to be produced was unveiled to him at his ranch in Seville.

The car manufacturer would continue to draw upon the bullfighting connection in future years. The Islero was named for the Miura bull that killed the famed bullfighter Manolete in 1947. "Espada" is the Spanish word for sword, sometimes used to refer to the bullfighter himself. The Jarama's name carried a special double meaning; intended to refer only to the historic bullfighting region in Spain, Ferruccio was concerned about confusion with the also historic Jarama motor racing track. 

After naming the Urraco after a bull breed, in 1974, Lamborghini broke from tradition, naming the Countach not for a bull, but for "contacc", a Piedmontese exclamation of astonishment. Legend has it that stylist Nuccio Bertone uttered the word in surprise when he first laid eyes on the Countach prototype, "Project 112". The LM002 sport utility vehicle and the Silhouette were other exceptions to the tradition.

The Jalpa of 1982 was named after a bull breed; Diablo, after the Duke of Veragua's ferocious bull famous for fighting an epic battle against "El Chicorro" in Madrid in 1869; Murciélago, the legendary bull who survived 28 sword strokes and whose life was spared by "El Lagartijo" for his performance in 1879; Gallardo, named after one of the five ancestral castes of the Spanish fighting bull breed; and Reventón, the bull that defeated young Mexican "torero" Félix Guzmán in 1943. The Estoque concept of 2008 was named after the estoc, the sword traditionally used by "matadors" during bullfights, while the replacement for the Murcielago, the Aventador (unveiled in 2011) was named after a bull that was bred by the sons of Don Celestino Cuadri Vides. This bull was killed in a particularly gruesome fight, where after the bull was killed, its left ear was cut off and given to the Matador as a token of good luck.

All of Ferruccio Lamborghini's companies continue to operate today in one form or another. His son, Tonino, designs a collection of clothing and accessories under the Tonino Lamborghini brand, as well as designing the Town Life, an electric microcar which was revealed at the Bologna Motor Show in 1999. Ferruccio's daughter, Patrizia Lamborghini, runs the Lamborghini winery on his Umbria estate. In 1995 Ferruccio's son Tonino opened a museum that honors Lamborghini's legacy, the "Centro Studi e Ricerche Ferruccio Lamborghini" in Dosso (Ferrara), which was moved to Argelato (Bologna) in 2014 with the new name Ferruccio Lamborghini Museum

Madison County, North Carolina

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 21,193 people lived there. Its county seat is Marshall.

Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo

Upper Takutu-Upper Esequibo (Region 9) is a region of Esequiban Guyana, a territory in dispute by Guyana and Venezuela. Venezuela claims the territory as part of Bolívar state. The regional capital is Lethem.

The region is in the southwest of the country. It has an area of 57,750 km². As of the 2012 census, 24,212 people lived there. It borders the region of Potaro-Siparuni to the north, the region of East Berbice-Corentyne to the east and Brazil to the south and west. It is also the largest region of Guyana.

Walther P38

The Walther P38 is a 9x19 mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistol made by Walther. It replaced the Luger as the standard pistol of the Germany in World War II, although the Luger was still very widely used then. It is safer, more reliable, and cheaper than the Luger. Its magazines hold 8 9mm bullets.

Upper Demerara-Berbice

Upper Demerara-Berbice (Region 10) is a region in the center of Guyana. The regional capital is Linden, which is the second largest city in Guyana.

The region has an area of 17,040 km². As of the 2012 census, 39,452 people lived there. It borders the regions of Essequibo Islands-West Demerara, Demerara-Mahaica and Mahaica-Berbice to the north, the region of East Berbice-Corentyne to the east, and the regions of Potaro-Siparuni and Cuyuni-Mazaruni to the west.

List of chancellors of Germany

The chancellor of Germany is the political leader of Germany. They choose all other members of the government and lead cabinet meetings.

The office first started in the North German Confederation in 1867. Otto von Bismarck became the first chancellor. The unification of Germany and start of the German Empire in 1871 meant that the Confederation changed into a German country. Its leader was called chancellor of Germany.

At first, the chancellor was only an advisor to the emperor. The emperor chose the chancellor. Later this changed. Under the 1919 Weimar Constitution, the elected President chose the chancellor. In Nazi Germany, politicians ignored the constitution. The chancellor became a dictator under Adolf Hitler. During Allied occupation, there was no chancellor in East or West Germany. This changed after the 1949 Basic Law. This made the chancellor the most important job in the government. The president became less important.

The North German Confederation started after the German Confederation ended. This happened because Prussia won the Austro-Prussian War of 1866. The Prussian king chose the Chancellor.

Political party

The German Empire started from the North German Federation because of the Franco-Prussian War. The new Emperor named the chancellor to advise him.

Political parties

On 9 November 1918, chancellor Max von Baden gave his office to Friedrich Ebert. Ebert continued to be the head of government during the three months between the end of the German Empire in November 1918 and the start of the National Assembly in February 1919. He was Chairman of the Council of the People's Deputies together with USPD Leader Hugo Haase.

Political party

The Weimar Constitution of 1919 started the Weimar Republic. The chancellors often needed support from the President.

Political parties

Adolf Hitler's (taking power) was the end of the Weimar Republic. It was the beginning of Nazi Germany. Hitler was dictator and had all the power.

Political parties

In 1949, two separate German countries started: the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) and the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The list below gives the chancellors of "West Germany". The Chairman of the Council of Ministers controlled the government of East Germany. In 1990, East Germany ended. It merged with West Germany. It kept the name "Federal Republic of Germany".

Political parties

Clarion County, Pennsylvania

Clarion County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,241. Its county seat is Clarion.

Clearfield County, Pennsylvania

Clearfield County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 80,562. Its county seat is Clearfield.

Rim El Benna

Rim El Benna (, born on May 30 1981) is a Tunisian actress and model.She was elected Miss Tunisia for the year 2005.

Rim was on the cover of the Tunivisions people magazine in June 2012. She was elected Miss Tunisia for the year 2005. Rim participated in several films, series and short films and obtained the Prize for female interpretation at Euroarab Film festival for the film ""Les secrets"" by Raja Amari.

In 2010, she played the role of a girl paralyzed in the television series ""Ayam Maliha"".

On September 21 2019, she participated in the 5th edition of The Voice Arab with many North African and Arab artists, journalists, and influencers such as Darine Haddad, Fatma Nasser, and Leila Ben Khalifa. The launch was preceded by two successive conferences where a large team of MBC5 explained the concept and content of this new Arabic channel in the Maghreb colors.


Burrillville, Rhode Island

Burrillville is a town in Rhode Island.

Cumberland, Rhode Island

Cumberland is a town in Rhode Island.

Exeter, Rhode Island

Exeter is a town in Rhode Island.

Glock 18

The Glock 18 is a selective-fire (which means it can fire either semi-automatic or full automatic mode), polymer-framed 9x19mm Parabellum pistol. It is based on the Glock 17, but unlike the Glock 17, it can fire in full automatic mode. It normally holds 33-round box magazines and it fires 1,200 rounds per minute. In other words, the gun fires so quickly that it is impossible to fire single shots when in full automatic mode. While it is light enough to fire with one hand, it is not a good idea because its fast rate of fire makes the gun kick back a lot.

Foster, Rhode Island

Foster is a town in Rhode Island.

Glocester, Rhode Island

Glocester is a town in Rhode Island.

Hopkinton, Rhode Island

Hopkinton is a town in Rhode Island.

23rd Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

23rd Street is a local station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 23rd Street and Park Avenue South in Gramercy Park and Flatiron District, Manhattan. It is served by the 6 train.

After this station, the next stations will be 28th Street and 14th Street Union Square.

Notes

Jamestown, Rhode Island

Jamestown is a town in Rhode Island.

Jamestown, Ohio

Jamestown is a village in Ohio in the United States.

Jamestown, Oklahoma

Jamestown is an unincorporated community in Rogers County, Oklahoma.

Soperton, Georgia

Soperton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Treutlen County.

Greensboro, Georgia

Greensboro is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Greene County.

Johnston, Rhode Island

Johnston is a town in Rhode Island.

Thorsby, Alabama

Thorsby is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Clinton County, Pennsylvania

Clinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,450. Its county seat is Lock Haven.

Samy Sana

Samy Sana (born December 10, 1988) is an Algerian-French Muay Thai kickboxer who currently competes in ONE Championship. He is WBC super-middleweight world champion, ISKA World champion (K1) of 72.5 kg, A1 world champion of 70 kg and multiple French champion of 71 kg. As of 4 October 2019, Samy Sana is ranked the #8 lightweight in the world by Combat Press.


G. Gabrielle Starr

Gina Gabrielle Starr is the 10th and current president of Pomona College in Claremont, California. She is the first woman and first African-American to have the role.

Milne big-eyed tree frog

The Milne big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes persimilis") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it on Mount Dayman and Mount Simpson between 1370 and 1400 meters above sea level. It lives in forests and wetlands not near the ocean.

This frog is about 40 mm long from nose to rear end. When alive, this frog is light brown with green or brown patches or olive gray with dark brown patches. Preserved, dead frogs are dark purple-gray, but the preservative may have made it darker than a living frog. This frog has teeth in its upper jaw. 

Navajo Times

The Navajo Times is a newspaper. It is written in English for the Navajo people, a group of Native Americans who live in the southwestern United States. It tells Navajo people about events that affect their lives, both in Navajo territory and in the rest of the United States. Its main offices are in Window Rock, Arizona. It also has another office in Shiprock, New Mexico.

The newspaper is owned by the Navajo Times Publishing Company, Inc., a for-profit corporation. NTPC Inc. belongs to the Navajo people, and the Tribal Council are its caretakers. Tommy Arviso Jr. is President and CEO of NTPC. The paper earns enough money from selling newspapers and from advertising to pay for its own costs and a little profit. In 2015, Arviso said one of the paper's goals was to become a completely privately owned company with individual Navajo people owning shares.

Arviso said the "Navajo Times" does not print "sensational" stories: "We do not prey on the hurt, sadness, pain and sorrow of other humans to increase paper sales."

The "Navajo Times" started as a newsletter in 1959. The Navajo Tribal Council began it. They wanted to be able to talk to people living on Navajo land and people living in other places, for example Navajo students away at school. It became a newspaper the following year, in 1960. At first, it was a monthly newsletter, then weekly. In the early 1960s, the paper covered infrastructure-related stories like health care, education, and economic development. As of 2020, the first few years of the paper are archived in the Arizona Memory Project.

When Arviso became editor of the paper in 1988 he said there were problems with censorship. Because the paper was run by the government of the Navajo nation, the Navajo leaders believed they should choose what the paper could and could not print. In 2003, Arviso convinced the Tribal Council to make the paper more independent. They voted 66 to 1 to create the Navajo Times Publishing Company so the paper would be more independent.

In 2012, the "Navajo Times" staff won 13 awards from the Arizona Press Club.

In 2015 "Navajo Times" staff won 24 Native Media Awards from the Native American Journalists Association, including awards for photography, sports and writing. They also won Best Layout. The paper changed its layout in 2015.

In 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, the "Navajo Times" won Newspaper of the Year from the Arizona Newspapers Association in the category for non-daily newspapers. It also won awards for its website and advertising.

Liberal arts college

A liberal arts college is a college with an emphasis on undergraduate study in the liberal arts and sciences. These colleges try to teach broad general knowledge, different from colleges that focus on job skills. Students in a liberal arts college often major in one subject but take classes in many subjects, including both humanities and sciences. The idea of liberal arts began in Europe, but liberal arts colleges are mostly found in the United States.

In 2019, the top ten liberal arts colleges in the United States, according to "U.S. News & World Report", were Amherst College, Bowdoin College, Carleton College, Claremont McKenna College, Davidson College, Middlebury College, Pomona College, Swarthmore College, Wellesley College, and Williams College.

Many liberal arts colleges teach only undergraduate students, but some also offer graduate programs that lead to a master's degree or doctoral degree. The term "liberal arts college" most often describes an independent college, but it may also sometimes describe a college within a larger university. Most liberal arts colleges outside the United States are like this.

Final Space

Final Space is an American adult animated television show.

"Final Space" started on February 26, 2018 for TBS.

List of presidents of Czechoslovakia

The President of Czechoslovakia (, ) was the head of state of Czechoslovakia, from the creation of the First Czechoslovak Republic in 1918 until the dissolution of the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1992.

Except for the final office-holder, they each held a strong executive power in the country "de facto".
Title: Chairman (1948–1953) and First Secretary (1953–1971).

Eddie Gale

Edward Gale Stevens Jr. (August 15, 1941 – July 10, 2020), better known as Eddie Gale, was an American trumpeter. He was known for his work in free jazz, especially with the Sun Ra Arkestra. Gale was born in New York City. 

During the 1960s and 1970s, he toured and recorded with Sun Ra, who influenced him greatly until Ra's death in 1993. After a yearlong stint as artist in residence at Stanford University, Gale moved to San Jose, California in 1972.

Gale died on July 10, 2020 in California from prostate cancer, aged 78.

Camilo Lorenzo Iglesias

Camilio Lorenzo Iglesias (7 August 1940 – 13 July 2020) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Province of Ourense, Spain. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1966. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Astorga, Spain, from 1995 until 2015.

Lorenzo Iglesias died on 13 July 2020 in Ponferrada, Spain from a lung infection, aged 79.

28th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

28th Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 28th Street and Park Avenue South in Rose Hill, Manhattan.

It is served by the 6 train whiles the 4 train at late night service.

After this station, the next stations will be 23rd Street and 33rd Street.

33rd Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

33rd Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 33rd Street and Park Avenue in Murray Hill, Manhattan.

It is served by the 6 train. After this station, the next stations will be Grand Central 42nd Street and 28th Street.

23rd Street station (BMT Broadway Line)

23rd Street is a station on the BMT Broadway Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 23rd Street, Fifth Avenue and Broadway in Flatiron District, Manhattan. It is served by the R and W trains.

After this station, the next stations will be 28th Street and 14th Street Union Square.

28th Street station (BMT Broadway Line)

28th Street is a station on the BMT Broadway Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 28th Street and Broadway in Manhattan. 

It is served by the R and W trains 

After this station, the next stations will be 34th Street Herald Square and 23rd Street.

Ronald Johnson (Alabama politician)

Ronald G. Johnson (September 21, 1943 – July 14, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from the 33rd District from 1978 until his death. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was born in Bonifay, Florida.

Johnson died on July 14, 2020 in Sylacauga, Alabama from liver cancer, aged 76.

Daniel Lewis Lee

Daniel Lewis Lee (January 31, 1973July 14, 2020) was an American white supremacist and convicted murderer. He was sentenced to death and executed for the murders of William F. Mueller, Nancy A. Mueller, and their daughter Sarah E. Powell. Lee and Chevie Kehoe, murdered the family at their home in Arkansas, on January 11, 1996.

Lee was scheduled to be executed on July 13, 2020, but on that date, a U.S. district judge blocked the execution, saying that there was some unresolved legal issues. On July 14, the Supreme Court ruled that the execution can happen. It was scheduled for 4:00 am that same day. 

After another short delay, he was executed at 8:07 am. He was the first person executed by the US federal government since 2003.

Gavril Dejeu

Gavril Dejeu (; born 11 September 1932) is a Romanian politician. He was Minister of Interior in Victor Ciorbea's cabinet. He was also "ad interim" Prime Minister of Romania from 30 March to 17 April 1998.

He was born in Poieni, Cluj County. Dejeu joined the Christian-Democratic National Peasants' Party (Romania) (PNŢCD) in 1990, after the Romanian Revolution. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1992 to 2000.

Milan Šašik

Šašik died on 14 July 2020, aged 67.

Shajahan Siraj

Shajahan Siraj (1 March 1943 – 14 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the vice chairman of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP). He was one of the founders of Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal. He was the member of parliament for the Tangail-4 unit from 1986 to 1991. He was arrested in 2007 for tax evasion. 

Siraj died at the age of 77 from stomach cancer on 14 July 2020 at a hospital in Dhaka.

Wang Jiafan

Wang Jiafan (; September 22, 1938 – July 7, 2020) was a Chinese historian. He works focused on economic and social history of China and Jiangnan regional history. He was a professor and doctoral supervisor at East China Normal University. Wang was born in Jinxi, Kunshan, Jiangsu. 

In 1957 he was accepted to East China Normal University, where he majored in history. After graduation, he taught at the university. He was promoted to associate professor in 1986 and to full professor in 1992.

On July 7, 2020, he died at Huashan Hospital, in Shanghai, aged 81.

Katie G. Dorsett

Katie G. Dorsett (July 8, 1932 – July 6, 2020) was a Democratic American politician. She was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's twenty-eighth Senate district from 2003 to 2010. She was the Majority Whip in the Senate. Dorsett was born in Shaw, Mississippi.

Dorsett died on July 6, 2020 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the age of 87.

Shaw, Mississippi

Shaw is a city in Bolivar and Sunflower counties, Mississippi, United States. It is located in the Mississippi Delta region. It was named after an old Indian tribe northeast of this region. The population was 1,457 at the 2020 census.

Rosedale, Mississippi

Rosedale is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,584 at the 2020 census.

Sylvester Graham

Sylvester Graham (July 5, 1794 – September 11, 1851) was an American Presbyterian minister and dietary reformer. He is known for his focus on vegetarianism, the temperance movement and eating whole grain bread. His preaching led to the creation of graham flour, graham bread and graham cracker products.

Graham was born in Suffield, Connecticut. He had Native American roots. He died in Northampton, Massachusetts, at the age of 57.

Armsel Striker

The Armsel Striker is a South African semi-automatic shotgun with a revolving cylinder somewhat like that of a revolver. It was made for both combat and riot control. The revolving cylinder allows the shooter to easily and quickly switch between lethal ammunition (ammunition made to kill living beings) and non-lethal ammunition (ammunition made to stop living beings without killing them). The cylinder can hold up to 12 shotgun shells.

Suffield, Connecticut

Suffield is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 15,752.

Scripps College

Scripps College is a private liberal arts women's college in Claremont, California. It was founded in 1926. It is a member of the Claremont Colleges and is known for its extensive interdisciplinary core curriculum and historic campus.
Scripps is a four-year college for undergraduates; as of , it has students. Its courses focus on the humanities. The college is a top producer of Fulbright students.

Toke Talagi

Sir Toke Tufukia Talagi (9 January 1951 – 15 July 2020) was a Niuean politician, diplomat and statesman. He served as Premier of Niue from 2008 to 2020. Talagi was born in Alofi.

On 15 July 2020, Talagi died in Alofi at the age of 69.

Women's college

Women's colleges in higher education are colleges whose students are all or almost all women. They are often undergraduate, bachelor's degree-granting liberal arts colleges.

Coraline Ada Ehmke

Coraline Ada Ehmke is a software developer, and some say that she is an open source advocate in Chicago, Illinois. She is a web developer, engineer, consultant, educationist, advertiser, healthcare specialist, and software development infrastructure specialist. She is known for her work in Ruby. She is also known for her social justice work and activism, the creation of Contributor Covenant, and promoting adoption of codes of conduct for open source projects.

Ehmke began software writing using the Perl programming language.

Ehmke is transgender, and began her change in March 2014.

Premier of Niue

The Premier of Niue is Niue's head of government. They are elected by the Niue Assembly. They help form a Cabinet made up of themselves and three other members of the Assembly.

Dalton Tagelagi

Dalton Tagelagi (born 5 June 1968) is a Niuean politician. He became the Premier of Niue in June 2020. He was elected premier by the Niue Assembly on 11 June 2020, defeating O'Love Jacobsen by 13 votes to 7. He replaced Sir Toke Talagi.

Young Vivian

Mititaiagimene Young Vivian (born 12 November 1935) is a Niuean politician. He was the premier of Niue twice. He lost his re-election to Toke Talagi in 2008.

Robert Rex

Sir Robert Richmond Rex (25 January 190912 December 1992) was the first Premier of the Pacific island state of Niue.

Rex was Premier of Niue from its creation as a self-governing territory on 19 October 1974 until his death in 1992.

Frank Lui

Frank Fakaotimanava Lui, (19 November 1935 – 9 July 2021) was a Niuean politician. He was the Premier of the Pacific Island state of Niue from 12 March 1993 through 26 March 1999. Lui was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 1999 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Lui died on 9 July 2021 in Alofi at the age of 85.

Sani Lakatani

Sani Elia Lagigietama Lakatani (born 4 June 1936) is a Niuean politician. He was the Premier of Niue from 26 March 1999 through 1 May 2002. He was in the New Zealand Army as a corporal.

In October 1995 Lakatani was charged with 22 counts of bribery and two of official corruption. Most of the charges were dismissed after the Niue Court of Appeal found that the law against corruption did not apply to Members of the Assembly. The remaining charges were later dropped.

Niue Assembly

The Niue Assembly is the legislature of Niue. It is made up of 20 members; 14 representatives of the villages and 6 elected on a common roll. Members are directly elected by universal suffrage, and serve a three-year term.

Noël Martin

Noël Martin (1959 – July 14, 2020) was a Jamaican-born British man. He was the victim of a neo-Nazi attack in 1996. He lived in Birmingham, England. At the time he was attacked he was one of the many British and Irish construction workers working in Germany.

On 16 June 1996 in Brandenburg, in the former East Germany, he was attacked because of his dark skin by neo-Nazis. A block of concrete was thrown through the windshield of his car and Martin's car struck a tree.

Martin became a quadriplegic as a result of the attack, and required 24-hour care. He was a supporter of assisted suicide. He traveled to Berlin, as a result so that he can be euthanized. His first announcement, in 2006, set 23 June 2007 as the date of his suicide. However, his assisted suicide has been delayed many times afterwards.

Martin died on July 14, 2020, at the age of 60.

Maria Lugones

María Lugones (January 26, 1944 – July 14, 2020) was an Argentine feminist philosopher and activist. She was a Professor of Comparative Literature and of women's studies at Binghamton University in New York State. She was known for her theory on decolonial feminism and for developing the concept of the "coloniality of gender". She also wrote "Pilgrimage/Peregrinajes: Theorizing Coalition Against Multiple Oppressions" (2003).

Lugones died on July 14, 2020 at the age of 76.

Jindřich Kabát

Jindřich Kabát (24 April 1953 – 14 July 2020) was a Czech psychologist, professor and politician. He held the office of Czech Minister of Culture from 1992 to 1994. He was also the first Minister of Culture of the Czech Republic. He was born in Prague.

Kabát died on 14 July 2020 in Prague, aged 67.

Bishnu Charan Das

Bishnu Charan Das (9 October 1954 – 6 July 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a leader of the Biju Janata Dal. Das was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 2 July 2016 until his resignation on 21 March 2017.

Bishnu died at a hospital in Bhubaneswar on 6 July 2020, weeks after he suffered a stroke at the age of 65.

Bill Duplissea

William Duplissea (April 30, 1950 – July 1, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the California State Assembly from California's 20th State Assembly district from 1986 until he was defeated for reelection in 1988. He represented San Mateo County, California. Duplissea was also a transportation businessman.

Duplissea was born in San Francisco, California. He died in Redwood City, California on July 1, 2020 at the age of 70.

International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics

The International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics (ICIAM) is an international conference about applied mathematics. It is organized by the International Council on Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
This congress is held once in 4 years since 1987. One congress takes about a week. The program includes several invited talks.


Elba Perez-Cinciarelli

Elba Perez-Cinciarelli (July 27, 1943 – July 3, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. She was in the New Jersey General Assembly from the 31st Legislative District from 2002 to 2004. She was born in Puerto Rico, but raised in New York City.

Perez-Cinciarelli died on July 3, 2020 in Secaucus, New Jersey, at age 76.

Secaucus, New Jersey

Secaucus ( ) is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the town's population was 22,181.

Whitney Cummings

Whitney Cummings (born September 4, 1982) is an American stand-up comedian, actress, producer, writer, director, and podcaster. She is known for her comedy specials with "Comedy Central Roasts". She created, produced, and starred in NBC's "Whitney". The series ran for two seasons before being cancelled in 2013. 

Cummings created the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls", which also began in 2011, and ended in 2017.

Freightliner Trucks

Freightliner Trucks is a truck brand of Daimler AG, which owns the premium automobile brand of Mercedes Benz. Freightliners are manufactured in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

Freightliner began in 1929 as the truck-manufacturing division of Consolidated Freightways in Portland, Oregon.

In line with the company name, during the 1930s, Freightways Manufacturing began to brand its truck production under the "Freightliner" name. In addition to their shorter length, the trucks underwent weight reduction to maximize use of engine power (needed to climb mountains in the western United States).

In 1942 Leland James renamed it Freightliner Corporation. As part of the launch, the company made the first truck with an all-aluminium cab. Shifting to military production during World War II, Freightliner resumed truck production in 1947. In 1949, Freightliner sold its first vehicle outside of CF (to Portland-based forklift manufacturer Hyster. The vehicle is preserved in the Smithsonian collection in Washington, D.C.


McLoud, Oklahoma

McLoud is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Westville, Oklahoma

Westville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Vian, Oklahoma

Vian is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Okarche, Oklahoma

Okarche is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Washington, Utah

Washington is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 27,993 people live in Washington. This is up from 18,761 people at the 2010 census.

Ivins, Utah

Ivins is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 8,978 people live in Ivins.

Randolph, Utah

Randolph is a town in and the county seat of Rich County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 467 people live in Randolph.

Manila, Utah

Manila is a town in and the county seat of Daggett County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 308 people live in Manila.

Dutch John, Utah

Dutch John is a town in Daggett County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 141 people live in Dutch John.

Altamont, Utah

Altamont is a town in Duchesne County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 239 people live in Altamont.

Joanna Miles

Joanna Miles (born March 6, 1940) is an American actress. She won two Emmy Awards for her roles as Laura Wingfield in the 1973 movie production of Tennessee Williams' "The Glass Menagerie".

Maurice Roëves

Maurice Roëves (; 19 March 1937 – 14 July 2020) was a Scottish actor. He was born in Sunderland, England. His best known movie roles were in "Ulysses", "Oh! What a Lovely War" and "Judge Dredd". His best known television roles were on "EastEnders" (2003), "A Touch of Frost" (2003) and "Skins" (2008).

Roëves died on 14 July 2020, aged 83.

Lexington Avenue/51st Street station

51st Street , known as Lexington Avenue 51st Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 51st Street and Lexington Avenue in Midtown Manhattan.

It is served by the 6 , E , and M trains .

After this station, the next stations will be 59th Street and Grand Central 42nd Street.

After this station , the next stations will be 5th Avenue 53rd Street and Court Square 23rd Street .

There is Lexington Avenue 53rd Street and transfer is to the E and M trains .

Norwalk, California

Norwalk is a city in Los Angeles County, California. At the 2020 census, 102,773 people lived there. It is a suburb of Los Angeles, and is southeast of Downtown.

Lexington Avenue/59th Street station

59th Street , known as Lexington Avenue 59th Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 59th Street, 60th Street and Lexington Avenue on the Upper East Side of Midtown Manhattan. It is served by the 4, 5, and 6 trains.

After this station, the next stations will be 51st Street and 68th Street Hunter College.

There is Lexington Avenue 59th Street and transfer is available to N , R and W trains.

Lexington Avenue−59th Street on the BMT Broadway Line has two tracks and one island platform. Despite its name, the station is located on Lexington Avenue and 60th Street, one block north of 59th Street.

After this station on the Broadway Line, the next stations will be Fifth Avenue–59th Street station and Queensboro Plaza.

Baiterek (monument)

Baiterek Tower (; "tall poplar [tree]") is a landmark and an observation tower in Astana, Kazakhstan. It is located on the Nurzhol Boulevard.

Rueppel's big-eyed tree frog

Rueppel's big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes rueppelli") is a tree frog from Indonesia. It lives on Halmahera and Morotai Islands in the Moluccas. It lives in forests and wetlands not near the ocean.

Scientists looked at dead, preserved frogs. A male frog was 48 mm long from nose to rear end. A female frog was 47 mm long. When alive, this frog is yellow with black marks. This frog has up-and-down marks on its lower eyelids.

Alga (disambiguation)

An alga (plural "algae") is a type of photosynthetic organism.

Alga may also refer to:






Bafatá Region

Bafatá is a region in north-central Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Bafatá.

As of the 2009 census, 225,516 people lived there. It has an area of .


Biombo Region

Biombo is a region in western Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Quinhámel.

As of the 2009 census, 97,120 people lived there. It has an area of .


Lamborghini Islero

The Lamborghini Islero is a grand tourer car that was built by Lamborghini from 1968 to 1969. The Islero was the successor to the 400 GT, and shared the same V12 engine with it.

The Islero was first revealed at the 1968 Geneva Auto Show, along with the Lamborghini Espada. It shared its V12 engine with the earlier 400 GT. The car's namesake, Islero, was a Miura bull that killed matador Manuel Rodriguez "Manolete" on August 28, 1947.

The Islero was designed by Mario Marazzi, who was working for Carrozzeria Marazzi at the time. Carrozzeria Marazzi was chosen because it was founded by Carlo Marazzi, a former employee of the now-bankrupt Carrozzeria Touring. Carrozzeria Touring had previously produced bodies for the 350 GT and 400 GT.<ref name="qv500.com/lamborghiniislerop1"></ref> 

By the time production ended in 1969, 125 Isleros had been built. 

An updated Islero, known as the Islero S or the Islero GTS, was released in 1969. There were a few changes from the standard Islero, including a more powerful engine and some styling changes. 100 examples of the Islero S were built, bringing the total number of Isleros to 225.

The Islero used the same Lamborghini V12 as the earlier 400 GT and the later Jarama. The engine produced in the standard Islero, and in the Islero S. The engine was paired to a Lamborghini-designed five-speed manual transmission in both Isleros. 

The Islero's top speed was rated at and acceleration from 0 to took 6.4 seconds. 

The standard Islero was able to accelerate from 0 to in 6.4 seconds, and it also had a top speed of . 
The Islero S was faster than the standard Islero, because of the extra power in the engine. Its 0 to time improved to 6.2 seconds, while its top speed was .


Tombali Region

Tombali is a region in southern Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Catió.

As of the 2009 census, 94,939 people lived there. It has an area of .


Colorado Amendment 36

Colorado Amendment 36 was a popular initiative in the state of Colorado. Proposed in 2004, it proposed that instead of giving all its electoral votes to the winner of the state in presidential elections, it should base electoral vote allocation on voting proportionally (for example, if a candidate won 5/9 of the vote statewide, he would win 5/9 of the state's electoral votes), a unique system. It utlimately failed, getting only one-third of the vote.

Bolama Region

Bolama is a region in western Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Bolama, on the island of the same name.

As of the 2009, 34,563 people lived there. It has an area of .


2008 United States presidential election in Illinois

The 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on November 4, 2008. Illinois voters chose between Republican John McCain, a Senator from Arizona, and his running mate, Sarah Palin, governor of Alaska, and Democrat Barack Obama, a Senator from Illinois, and his running mate, Joe Biden, a Senator from Delaware. Ultimately, Obama, who came from Illinois itself, won the state and its 21 electoral votes. This was largely due to the fact that he was from Illinois, and his popularity in Chicago. He won 3.42 million votes. McCain won, in contrast, just 2.03 million votes. This was the last presidential election in which over 20 counties in Illinois voted for a Democrat, and the first presidential election in which 6 Illinois counties a Democrat won the election (including Kane, Caroll, Kendall and McHenry Counties). This was the only presidential election in which 3 counties in Illinois, Boone, McHenry and Kendall Counties, voted for the Democratic candidate.

Cacheu Region

Cacheu is a region in western Guinea-Bissau, on the border with Senegal. The regional capital is Cacheu.

As of the 2009 census, 192,508 people lived there. It has an area of .


Gabu Region

Gabú is a region in eastern Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Gabú.

As of the 2009 census, 215,530 people lived there. It has an area of .


Steve Marsh (footballer)

Stephen William Marsh (12 September 1924 – 5 March 2024) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for South Fremantle and East Fremantle in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL). His playing career lasted from 1945 to 1960. He is viewed as one of the best rovers of his era.

Marsh was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.

Oio Region

Oio is a region in Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Farim.

As of the 2009 census, 224,644 people lived there. It has an area of .

The region borders Senegal to the north, the Guinea-Bissauan regions of Bafatá, Bissau and Biombo to the east, the Rio Geba/Guinea-Bissauan region of Quinara to the south and the Guinea-Bissauan region of Cacheu to the west.


Quinara Region

Quinara is a region in central Guinea-Bissau. The regional capital is Fulacunda.

As of the 2009 census, 63,610 people lived there. It has an area of .


Cumberland County, Pennsylvania

Cumberland County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 259,469. Its county seat is Carlisle.

Elk County, Pennsylvania

Elk County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 30,990. Its county seat is Ridgway.

Fifty Roads to Town

Fifty Roads to Town is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Norman Taurog and based on the novel by Frederick Nebel. It stars Don Ameche, Ann Sothern, John Qualen, Slim Summerville, Jane Darwell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Sperry, Oklahoma

Sperry is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wister, Oklahoma

Wister is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ninnekah, Oklahoma

Ninnekah is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Carlton Landing, Oklahoma

Carlton Landing is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wayne, Oklahoma

Wayne is a town in the U.S state of Oklahoma.

Ryan, Oklahoma

Ryan is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wellston, Oklahoma

Wellston is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Pedro Cateriano

Pedro Álvaro Cateriano Bellido (born June 26, 1958) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. In July 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Peru under Martín Vizcarra's administration. He left the position on 6 August 2020. He was Ollanta Humala's Minister of Defense from July 2012 to April 2015, and Prime Minister from April 2015 to July 2016.

Born in the capital city of Lima in 1958, Cateriano pursued a law degree at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru, specializing in constitutional law. During his brief term in the Peruvian Congress between 1990 and 1992, Cateriano attained a prominent role as a ranking member of the congressional investigative committee on Alan García's first administration (1985-1990). Alongside Lourdes Flores and Fernando Olivera, the committee was ultimately disbanded following García's acquittal by the Supreme Court in March 1992. Cateriano published in the following years a detailed work on the investigation.

After a failed run for the Peruvian Congress, Cateriano worked extensively in opposition to Alberto Fujimori's presidency, ultimately being appointed to the Constitutional Reform Advisory Body of the Ministry of Justice in the presidency of Valentín Paniagua. Subsequently, he was appointed under Alejandro Toledo's presidency as Deputy Minister of Justice, serving until his resignation in June 2002, alongside minister and former colleague, Fernando Olivera.

During the presidency of Ollanta Humala, Cateriano served as Minister of Defense from July 2012 to April 2015. In his almost three-year tenure, he remained a controversial member of Humala's administration, constantly clashing with the opposition regarding the government's modus operandi, in which First Lady Nadine Heredia seemingly interfered with government decisions. He also faced criticism for his support of pecuniary sanctions on voluntary military service enrollment, which the Constitutional Court declared the measure unconstitutional. Upon the resignation of Ana Jara on 2 April 2015, due to her being censured by the Peruvian Congress regarding illegal government espionage under her management as Prime Minister of Peru, Cateriano was appointed as her successor. Seemed by pundits as a government loyalist, he served through the end of Humala's presidency.

Cateriano was sworn as Prime Minister of Peru on 15 July 2020, succeeding Vicente Zeballos as the government faces strong criticism due to Vizcarra's management of the COVID-19 pandemic in Peru. He would serve until 4 August 2020, less than three weeks in office, as Congress voted against his confirmation and left office on 6 August 2020.

Oscar Hugh Lipscomb

Oscar Hugh Lipscomb (September 21, 1931July 15, 2020) was an American bishop of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Mobile, Alabama for 28 years from 1980 to 2008. He was the first Archbishop of Mobile and its eighth bishop.

Lipscomb was born in Mobile, Alabama. He died on July 15, 2020 in Mobile from COVID-19, aged 88.

Galyn Görg

Galyn Görg, pronounced George, also credited as Galyn Gorg, Galan Gorg and Gaylyn Görg (July 15, 1964 – July 14, 2020) was an American actress and dancer. She was best known for her role in the movies, "RoboCop 2" as Angie, the Nuke addicted bad girl; on "M.A.N.T.I.S.", television's first black superhero program, as Lt. Maxwell and on the television show "Twin Peaks" as Nancy O'Reilly. She was born in Los Angeles.

Görg died of cancer in Hawaii on July 14, 2020, the day before her 56th birthday.

Severino Cavalcanti

Severino José Cavalcanti Ferreira (18 December 1930 – 15 July 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in João Alfredo, Pernambuco. He was a member of the Progressive Party. He was the mayor of João Alfredo between 1964 to 1966 and again from 2009 to 2013. He also was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1995 to 2005.

Cavalcanti died on 15 July 2020 from diabetes-related problems, aged 89.

Abolghasem Sarhaddizadeh

Abolghasem Sarhaddizadeh (; 1945 – July 14, 2020) was an Iranian reformist politician. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly between 1990 and 1992 and 1996 to 2004. He was Minister of Labour and Social Affairs from 1983 to 1989. Sarhaddizadeh was born in Tehran.

Sarhaddizadeh died on July 14, 2020 in Tehran, aged 75.

Hadi Dahane

Hamed Dahane (1946 – 13 July 2020) was a Moroccan football midfielder. He played for Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Union Sidi Kacem.

Dahane died on 13 July 2020, aged 76.

Joanna Cole

Joanna Cole (August 11, 1944 – July 12, 2020) was an American writer of children’s books. She was most famous as the author of "The Magic School Bus" series. She has written over 250 books. She was born in Newark, New Jersey.

Cole died on July 12, 2020 in Sioux City, Iowa from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis at the age of 75.

Lambert Croux

Lambert “Bertie” Croux (6 March 1927 — 8 July 2020) was a Belgian politician. He was born in Bilzen, Belgium. He was a member of the CVP party. He was a senator from 1977 to 1981 and Member of the European Parliament from 1979 to 1989.

Croux died on 8 July 2020 in Hasselt, Belgium at the age of 93.

Chicken Dance

The "Chicken Dance", also known as the Bird Song, the Birdie Song, the Bird Dance or the Chicken Song, is an oom-pah song. It is seen as a fad dance is now a contemporary dance throughout the Western world. The song was composed by accordion player Werner Thomas from Davos, Switzerland, in the 1950s.

Joseph Vidal

Joseph Vidal (5 March 1933 – 9 July 2020) was a French politician. In 2002, he became a Knight of the Legion of Honour. From 1978 to 1993, he was a member of the National Assembly. Vidal was born in Lavalette, Aude.

Vidal died on 9 July 2020 at the age of 87.

Times Square–42nd Street/Port Authority Bus Terminal station

Times Square 42nd Street is a station on the BMT Broadway - Seventh Avenue Line , BMT Broadway Line and IND Eighth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Times Square, 8th Avenue, 7th Avenue, Broadway and 42nd Street in Midtown Manhattan. It is served by the N, Q, R, W, 1, 2, 3, A, C and E trains 

This station is for N, Q, R, W, 1, 2, 3, A, C and E trains .

There is 42nd Street Port Authority Bus Terminal and transfer is to A, C and E trains.

There is a 42nd Street Bryant Park and transfer is to B, D, F and M trains.

There is a 5th Avenue station and transfer is to the 7 train.

This station is located in Times Square in Midtown Manhattan.

103rd Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

103rd Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 103rd Street and Lexington Avenue in East Harlem, it is served by the 6 train.

This station is for 6 trains. 

After this station, the next stations will be 96th Street and 110th Street.

Ryan Blaney

Ryan Micheal Blaney (born December 31, 1993) is an American Race Car Driver. He is the son of NASCAR driver Dave Blaney. He drives the No. 12 Ford Mustang for Team Penske in the NASCAR Cup Series. 

Miracle Channel

Miracle Channel () is a Kantana documentary and entertainment television station broadcast on local cable nationwide and on Thaicom6 satellite in C-Band and KU-Band. The channel content is mysterious and unearthly stories from every angle. Documentaries and various dramas come to broadcast on this channel.

Miracle Channel is one of 3 channels from Kantana. The first broadcast date is August 1, 2009, which first aired on live TV on Thai cable television nationwide. By re-taped various programs of Kantana that had a strange and mysterious story that had already been aired on television once.

Subsequently, on March 1, 2010, there was a revision of the program schedule. By adding new programs that are only offered on Miracle Channel And old programs from many other channels as well in addition, on March 21, 2010 on the Miracle program Began broadcasting on the C-Band satellite of the live TV frequency 3480 H 26666 to expand the base to the audience.

Until 1 July 2010, Miracle began to experiment on C-Band satellite broadcasting of the frequency band of MCOT 3520 H 20000 (new frequency 3520 H 28125 since January 2011). To watch the miracle channel with the same program schedule

1 August 2010, Miracle Channel, broadcasting with the frequency of MCOT 3520 H 20000, officially starting from 1 August 2010, along with the rearrangement of the program schedule. The original program will continue to broadcast without interruption. While the miracle channel on live TV Changed the new channel to Miti 4

Later, on 1 February 2011, Miracle Channel added a new channel. By receiving KU-BAND satellite by Dish Yellow DTV Channel 17 or frequency 12313 H 30000 on 1 February ago

To reinforce the audience that has always been together Miracle Channel welcomes another 2 million families. On the night of 1 October 2012 at 24.00 hrs. Through new channels are the True Vision HD Box System Channel 368 and SD Channel 59.

Currently, Miracle has stopped broadcasting on all channels from 1 March 2018.

Captain January (1936 movie)

Captain January is a 1936 American musical comedy drama movie directed by David Butler and is the second adaption of the 1890 novel of the same name by Laura E. Richards. It stars Shirley Temple, Guy Kibbee, Slim Summerville, Buddy Ebsen, Sara Haden, June Lang, Nella Walker and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Browning Hi-Power

The Browning Hi-Power is a semi-automatic pistol first made by John Browning, then finished by FN Herstal (a Belgian gun company) in 1935 after Browning's death. There are 9x19mm Parabellum models and .40 S&W models of the gun. Although the gun was largely based on the M1911, there were several major changes made. Since it was finished outside the United States and since it fired the non-American 9mm bullet, the Hi-Power was not used very much in the US. However, it was very popular outside the US. In fact, it was one of the most used military pistols ever. As of 2017, it was still being used or was only recently replaced in over 50 countries.

The Browning Hi-Power has many other names such as the HP, BAP, BHP, GP, P-35, and HP-35. It was called the "Hi-Power" because it could hold a large number of bullets. It could hold 13 9mm bullets when other pistols at the time held far fewer. For example, the Luger only held 8 bullets and the M1911 only held 7.

Carlotta Barilli

Carlotta Barilli (2 September 1935 – 15 July 2020) was an Italian actress. She was born in Parma, Italy. Barilli was known for her roles in "Ragazzi del Juke-Box" (1959), "Howlers in the Dock" (1960) and "La commare secca" (1962). She appeared in many movies directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.

Barilli died on 15 July 2020 in Rome, aged 84.

George Simon (artist)

George Simon (23 April 1947 – 15 July 2020) was a Guyanese artist and archaeologist. He was the founder and mentor of the Lokono Artists Group, a group of Lokono artists from Guyana. He was seen as one of the leading Guyanese artists. His paintings (acrylic on canvas, paper or twill fabric) are known for their explorations of Amerindian culture and the Guyanese environment.

Simon died on 15 July 2020 from cancer, aged 73.

Bethany Hamilton

Bethany Meilani Hamilton (born February 8, 1990) is an American professional surfer. She is known for surviving a 2003 shark attack in which her left arm was bitten off. She returned to professional surfing. 

She wrote about her experience in the 2004 autobiography "Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith, Family, and Fighting to Get Back on the Board". In April 2011, the feature movie "Soul Surfer" was released. Hamilton was born in Lihue, Hawaii.

Sonya Balmores

Sonya Balmores (born June 23, 1986) is an American actress, model, and surfer. She was born in Kalaheo, Hawaii. She also competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant.

Balmores won the Miss Hawaii Teen USA title on May 16, 2004 at the Waikiki Sheraton Resort.

Balmores played the series regular role Kai Kealoha in "Beyond the Break". In 2017, Balmores was cast in the series "Inhumans" as Auran.

2020 Twitter bitcoin scam

The 2020 Twitter bitcoin scam was a large-scale hacking of Twitter accounts that started on July 15, 2020 at around 20:00 UTC. Many Twitter accounts, each with millions of followers, were hacked to promote a bitcoin scam.

The scam asked individuals to send bitcoin currency to a specific cryptocurrency wallet, with the promise that money sent would be doubled and returned. 

The perpetrators had gained access to Twitter's administrative tools so that they could alter the accounts themselves and post the tweets directly, with the access gained either possibly through paying off Twitter employees to use the tool, or hacked an employee's account to access the tool directly.

The hacked accounts were those of: Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, MrBeast, Michael Bloomberg, Warren Buffett, Floyd Mayweather Jr., Kim Kardashian, and Kanye West, as well as companies like Apple, Uber, and Cash App.

Soul Surfer (movie)

Soul Surfer is a 2011 American biographical drama movie directed by Sean McNamara. It is based on the 2004 autobiography "Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith, Family, and Fighting to Get Back on the Board" by Bethany Hamilton about her life as a surfer after a horrific shark attack and her recovery. 

The movie stars AnnaSophia Robb, Helen Hunt, Dennis Quaid, and Lorraine Nicholson with Carrie Underwood, Kevin Sorbo, Sonya Balmores, Branscombe Richmond, and Craig T. Nelson.

"Soul Surfer" was released in theaters on , 2011 in the United States and Canada, but received mixed reviews from critics and audiences.

Chan Santokhi

Chandrikapersad "Chan" Santokhi (born 3 February 1959) is a Surinamese politician and former chief of police. 

After winning the 2020 elections, Santokhi was the only nomination for President of Suriname. On 13 July, Santokhi was elected President in an uncontested election. He was inaugurated three days later on 16 July.

William Least Heat-Moon

William Least Heat-Moon (born William Lewis Trogdon on August 27, 1939) is an American travel writer and historian. 

He is the author of many books which talk about unusual journeys through the United States, including cross-country trips by boat ("River Horse", 1999) and, in his best known work (1982's "Blue Highways"), about his journey in a 1975 Ford Econoline van.

Jyotsna Das

Jyotsna Das (Odia: ଜ୍ୟୋତ୍ସ୍ନା ଦାସ; 1927 – 14 July 2020) was an Indian Odiya film actress. She played among others in Gauri (1979), Samaya (1975) and Devajani (1981).

Das died on 14 July 2020.

Floater

Floaters or eye floaters are small dots in the field of vision of a person. They are transparent and between the eye's vitreous humour or between the vitreous and retina. Their medical name is "muscae volitantes" (Latin for 'flying flies'), or "mouches volantes" (French for 'flying flies'). All people will get them over time, but not all will notice them. Nearsighted people can notice them earlier. It might be possible to get these by debris falling into the eye. 
The vitreous, a jelly-like material inside the eyeball, becomes more liquid. This happens when people age. But young people can also get them. When this happens, small collagen fibers and vitreous form to clumps. These clumps throw shadows onto the retina. These shadows are floaters.

Laser vitreolysis is a possible treatment option for the removal of floaters.


Elk Grove, California

Elk Grove is a city in Sacramento County, California. It is just south of Sacramento. In 2020, 176,124 people lived there. This makes it the second-largest city in Sacramento County, after Sacramento. The city was first incorporated on July 1, 2000.

International Congress of Mathematicians

The International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) is the largest conference for mathematics. It meets once every four years. The organizer is the International Mathematical Union (IMU).
Prior to the 1897 Congress, it came the International Mathematical Congress.



Victorville, California

Victorville is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is on the Interstate 15 between San Bernardino and Barstow. At the 2020 census, 134,810 people lived there. The city was incorporated in 1962. 

El Monte, California

El Monte is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is in the San Gabriel Valley, east of Los Angeles. At the 2020 census, 109,450 lived there. This was lower than the 2010 census, when 113,475 people lived there. The city was first incorporated in 1912. Its name means "the mountain" in Spanish.

Smite

Smite is a free to play multiplayer video game made by Hi-Rez Studios. It can be played on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One.

Marie Laetitia Bonaparte

Marie Laetitia Bonaparte ("Marie Laetitia Eugénie Catherine Adélaïde"; 20 November 1866 – 25 October 1926) was one of three children born to Prince Napoléon and his wife Princess Maria Clotilde of Savoy. In 1888, she married Prince Amadeo, Duke of Aosta, the former King of Spain. Maria Letizia became the Duchess of Aosta, Duke of Aosta being a title Amadeus had before after becoming King of Spain. Their marriage was instrumental in almost reviving French hopes of reinstating the House of Bonaparte into a position of power, as seen in the days of Napoleon III. She was a cousin of King Umberto I of Italy. In Italy she was known as ""Maria Letizia Bonaparte"".



Kokoda big-eyed tree frog

The Kokoda big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes semipalmatus") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it in the Owen Stanley Mountains between Garaina and Mount Dayman, at 300 to 700 meters above sea level. It lives in forests and wetlands not near the ocean.

Scientists looked at preserved, dead frogs. Among these, the largest adult male frog was 8.4 cm long from nose to rear end but most were closer to 6.4 cm long. The females were about 5.9 to 8.0 cm long. The dead frogs were gray and brown, but the preservative may have changed their color. Scientists who wrote about this preserved frog years ago said it looked pink.

One female frog laid 400 eggs at one time. They were 2.6 mm in diameter. They were cream-colored.

Capone (1975 movie)

Capone is a 1975 Canadian American biographical crime movie directed by Steve Carver and written by Howard Browne. It stars Ben Gazzara, Harry Guardino, Susan Blakely, John Cassavetes, Sylvester Stallone and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

North Tonawanda, New York

North Tonawanda is a city in Niagara County, New York.

East Los Angeles, California

East Los Angeles (), also called East L.A., is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California. It is part of the Greater Los Angeles area and is to the east of Los Angeles. At the 2020 census, 118,786 people lived there. Many Hispanic and Latino Americans live there. About 95% of its people are Hispanic or Latino. This is the highest number for any CDP with more than 100,000 people. Even though it is called East Los Angeles, it is not part of the city of Los Angeles. In the 1920s, it was first called Belvedere or Belvedere Gardens.

South Coffeyville, Oklahoma

South Coffeyville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Joshua Gomez

Joshua Eli Gomez (born November 20, 1975) is an American actor. He began starring in the NBC series "Chuck" as the title character's friend, Morgan Grimes. He was born in Bayonne, New Jersey.

Mission Viejo, California

Mission Viejo () is a suburban city in Orange County, California. It was a planned community, and one of the largest ever built in the United States. At the 2020 count, 93,653 people lived there.

Adam Baldwin

Adam Baldwin (born February 27, 1962) is an American actor and voice actor. He is known for his role as Colonel John Casey on the NBC television series "Chuck".

Cryptographic anchor

A cryptographic anchor (also "crypto-anchor") is a unique identifier (or "fingerprint") that can be put into products and cannot be removed or changed. Crypto-anchors can be tiny computers or optical codes. This means they can even be put into a dye. The cryptographic anchor is connected to a blockchain. Its uses include prevention or detection of fraud as well as product tracing.

IBM has worked on developing cryptographic anchors. Proposed uses include labeling a pill (the code for the dye would become visible when touched with water) and marking fluids. The reason for using these anchors is to ensure the authenticity of products. The suggested cost of these tiny (smaller than a salt grain) items was projected at less than ten U.S. cents.

Giulio Prisco wrote that "The cryptographic anchors project is considered a starting point for developing technologies complementary to the Internet of Things (IoT) and blockchain solutions for medical devices and pharmaceutical products, able to provide scalable end-to-end security across a supply chain — from the manufacturers right down to consumers and patients.<Br>

"A typical application envisioned by IBM is fighting product fraud. IBM’s crypto-anchors can authenticate a product’s origin and contents, ensuring it matches the record stored in the blockchain."

Prisco wrote that in 2018 IBM was predicting widespread use within five years.

V. S. K. Balagurusamy et al., "Crypto anchors," in "IBM Journal of Research and Development", vol. 63, no. 2/3, pp. 4:1-4:12, March-May 2019, doi: 10.1147/JRD.2019.2900651

Crypto Anchors

PlayStation VR

The PlayStation VR or PSVR is a virtual reality headset for the PlayStation 4. It was developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment and released on October 13, 2016 for €399.

The PlayStation Camera is needed to use the PSVR.

5 million PSVRs were sold by December 31, 2019.



110th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

110th Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway . Located at the intersection of 110th Street and Lexington Avenue in East Harlem . It is served by the 6 train . 

This station is for 6 trains .
After this station , the next stations will be 116th Street and 103rd Street .

125th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

125th Street is an express station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway . Located at the intersection of 125th Street and Lexington Avenue in East Harlem. It is served by the 4 , 5 and 6 trains .

It connects to Metro North .

This station is for 4 , 5 and 6 trains .

After this station , the next stations will be 3rd Avenue and 116th Street .

Lamborghini Jarama

The Lamborghini Jarama is a grand tourer car made by Lamborghini from 1970 to 1976. It is the successor to the Islero, and uses the same Lamborghini V12 as it. The Jarama was designed by Marcello Gandini. 

The Jarama was designed to replace the Islero. It was introduced in 1970 at the Geneva Motor Show. Lamborghini built the Jarama to meet U.S. standards by using a modified version of the Espada’s chassis. A total of 328 Jaramas were built.

The Jarama weighed dry, which was heavier than the Islero. It was powered by the same Lamborghini V12 engine that was used in the Islero and Espada. The engine sent power to the rear wheels through a 5-speed manual transmission. The original Jarama (1970–1973) model was claimed to produce .

The Jarama S (also known as "Jarama GTS") was introduced in 1972. It had an upgraded engine, which allowed it to produce . The Jarama S featured a few minor exterior changes as well. Power assisted steering was standard on the Jarama S. Removable roof panels and a Chrysler TorqueFlite automatic transmission were also available as options. Lamborghini built 150 of the Jarama S. 

The Jarama was Ferruccio Lamborghini’s favorite model. Ferruccio stated in a 1991 interview that "I preferred the Jarama to all the others, because it is the perfect compromise between the Miura and the Espada"

The Jarama used the Lamborghini V12 from the Espada and the Islero. The engine produced in the standard Jarama, and in the Jarama S. The engine was paired to a five-speed manual transmission in the Jarama, with a TorqueFlite three-speed automatic transmission an option in the Jarama S.

The Jarama S was able to accelerate from 0-60 miles per hour (0-97 kilometres per hour) in 5.3 seconds. It was also able to reach 100 miles per hour (161 kilometres per hour) in 11.7 seconds. The Jarama S had a quarter-mile time of 13.5 seconds, with a speed of 107 miles per hour at the end of the quarter mile.

2007 Asian Karate Championships

The 2007 Asian Karate Championships are the 8th edition of the Asian Karate Championships, and were held in Nilai Indoor Stadium, Seremban, Malaysia from August 24 to August 26, 2007.


Asian Junior Taekwondo Championships

The Asian Junior (Youth) Taekwondo Championships is organized by the Asian Taekwondo Union.

2007, 2015


Fulton County, Pennsylvania

Fulton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,556. Its county seat is McConnellsburg.

Jefferson County, Pennsylvania

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,492. Its county seat is Brookville.

Juniata County, Pennsylvania

Juniata County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,509. Its county seat is Mifflintown.

Lawrence County, Pennsylvania

Lawrence County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 86,070. Its county seat is New Castle.

Lebanon County, Pennsylvania

Lebanon County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 143,257. Its county seat is Lebanon.

Lamborghini Urraco

The Lamborghini Urraco is a sports car that was made by Lamborghini from 1972 to 1979. It came before the Silhouette.

The Urraco was first revealed at the 1970 Turin Auto Show. It was designed by Marcello Gandini. The Urraco has a 2+2 coupé layout.

The Urraco was designed to compete with the Ferrari Dino and Maserati Merak.

When Lamborghini stopped making the Urraco in 1979, 791 Urracos had been built. Twenty-one of them were Urraco P111s (P250 Tipo 111s), which were made for the American market. In order to follow American rules, these cars had larger front bumpers. They also had a slightly detuned engine, in order to follow American rules. The other Urraco versions were the Urraco P200, Urraco P250 and Urraco P300. The number tells the engine size: the Urraco had either a 2-litre, a 2.5-litre, or a 3-litre V8.

Both the Lamborghini Silhouette and the Lamborghini Jalpa were based upon the Urraco.

The Urraco was powered by either a V8, a V8, or a V8. The engine was mid-mounted, like in the Miura. The engine was paired to a five-speed manual transmission. The engine’s power went to the rear wheels.

The Urraco’s performance was different with different models. 

The Urraco P200 produced . It was able to accelerate from 0-60 miles per hour (0-97 kilometres per hour) in 7.2 seconds. The Urraco P250 produced , and was able to accelerate from 0-60 miles per hour (0-97 kph) in 6.9 seconds. The Urraco P300 produced , and was able to accelerate from 0-60 mph (0-97 kph) in 5.6 seconds. 

The Urraco P300 had a top speed of , while the P250 had a top speed of , and the P200 had a top speed of .

Lycoming County, Pennsylvania

Lycoming County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 114,188. Its county seat is Williamsport.

McKean County, Pennsylvania

McKean County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,432. Its county seat is Smethport.

Mercer County, Pennsylvania

Mercer County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 110,652. Its county seat is Mercer, and Its largest city is Hermitage.

Mercer County was created in 1800 and later organized in 1803.

FN P90

The FN P90 is a very short personal defense weapon made by FN Herstal. It was made to replace 9x19mm Parabellum submachine guns in NATO because NATO needed a small automatic weapon for non-combat specialists to protect themselves and could shoot through body armor. The P90 shoots the FN 5.7x28mm bullet, the same bullet as the FN Five-seven pistol. It is a small, high-velocity bullet that can shoot through body armor. The P90 has a rare feature where the box magazine is loaded parallel to the gun's barrel rather than perpendicular to it. Each magazine can hold 50 bullets. The P90 fires at a fast 900 rounds per minute (RPM). The P90 is fully ambidextrous, which means both right-handed and left-handed people can use the gun without any problems. It weighs only 2.6 kilograms (5.6 pounds) and is only 50.5 centimeters (19.9 inches) long. It is even small and light enough to fire with one hand. The P90 is very common in militaries and police forces in NATO countries. A semi-automatic only version called the PS-90 can be bought and used for civilian purposes.

Mifflin County, Pennsylvania

Mifflin County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 46,143. Its county seat is Lewistown.

Snyder County, Pennsylvania

Snyder County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 39,736. Its county seat is Middleburg.

Asian Masters Athletics Championships

The Asian Masters Athletics Championships are the biannual championship of Asia Masters Athletics (AMA), one of six continental based regional affiliates of World Masters Athletics (WMA), known as the World Association of Veteran Athletes (WAVA) from its formation in 1977 until 2001. WMA is the global governing body for the division of Masters athletics. It is held in opposite years from the World Masters Athletics Championships. The event also hosts the Asia Masters General Assembly, the political gathering of the AMA which selects the locations of subsequent championships.

- 2009 Results
- 2010 Results

European Masters Athletics Championships

The European Masters Athletics Championships (formerly European Veterans Athletics Championships) are the biannual championships for masters athletics events held under the auspices of European Masters Athletics (formerly European Veterans Athletics Association) that was held first edition in 1978.




116th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

116th Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway . Located at the intersection of 116th Street and Lexington Avenue in East Harlem . it is served by the 6 train .

This station is for 6 trains 

After this station , the next stations will be 125th Street and 110th Street .

Valley Brook, Oklahoma

Valley Brook is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wright City, Oklahoma

Wright City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Stonewall, Oklahoma

Stonewall is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

World Masters Athletics Championships

The World Masters Athletics Championships are the biennial championships for masters athletics events held under the auspices of World Masters Athletics, formerly called the World Association of Veteran Athletes, for athletes over the age of 35 years.


FN 5.7×28mm

The FN 5.7×28mm is a pistol-sized, armor-piercing bullet made by the Belgian gun company FN Herstal. FN Herstal made the bullet because NATO wanted a pistol-sized round that could replace the 9×19mm Parabellum bullet, since the 9mm cannot shoot through most body armor. However, the FN 5.7×28mm never completely replaced the 9mm because Germany vetoed the decision. It has a similar design to the 5.56x45mm NATO because it is small, but has a lot of stopping power, accuracy, and penetration because of its high velocity. Guns that use the FN 5.7×28mm include the FN P90 and the FN Five-seven.

34th Street–Hudson Yards station

34th Street Hudson Yards station is a station on the IRT Flushing Line of the New York City Subway. It can be found at the West Side at the intersection of 34th Street and 11th Avenue. It is served by the 7 train. This station is for 7 trains. After this station, the next station will be Times Square 42nd Street. Above the station is the Hudson Yards Neighborhood and Hudson Yards Redevelopment. This station is on 34th Street Between 10th Avenue and 11th Avenue. It can be found on the West Side of Manhattan.

FN Five-seven

The FN Five-seven, marketed as the Five-seveN, is an armor-piercing semi-automatic pistol made by the Belgian gun company FN Herstal. It fires the FN 5.7x28mm bullet, where the gun itself gets its name. It was made around the same time as the FN P90 PDW. Although the FN 5.7x28mm bullet is small, it has low recoil, high stopping power, high accuracy, armor-piercing abilities, and long range because of its high muzzle velocity. The small size of the bullet also allows for the gun's box magazines to hold many bullets, with a normal magazine holding 20 bullets. It is popular with militaries and police forces worldwide. However, its ability to shoot through body armor and the high number of bullets it can carry make it a very controversial gun in the United States for civilian use. The Five-seven can be seen in video games like the "Splinter Cell" series, "Counter-Strike", the "Rainbow Six" series, the "Battlefield" (series), and the "Call of Duty" series.

Nyons

Nyons is a commune. It is found in the Drôme department in the southeastern part of France.

Rethel

Rethel () is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. It is a sub-prefecture and third-most important city and economic center in the department. It is situated on the river Aisne, near the northern border of Champagne and 37 km from Reims.

Its inhabitants are called "Rethélois."

According to legend, the city was founded by Julius Caesar, who established a camp on the site of the city during his campaigns. The parents of St. Arnulf of Metz were said to have given all they owned "in villa Reistete" (in the city of Rethel) to St. Remigius, bishop of Reims, so that their prayers for a child would be answered. The city belonged to the Abbey of Saint-Remi and was administered by its advocati. One of them, Manasses I, became the first Count of Rethel. In 1481 the county, with Rethel as its seat, became the Peerage of France; it became a duchy in 1581 and in 1663 it became the Duchy of Mazarin. During the Franco-Spanish War it was captured by Spanish forces under Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé on October 30, 1652 after a four-year siege, but was retaken by the French in July 1653. In 1814 Spanish prisoners of war from the Napoleonic Wars introduced typhus to the city. Jean-Baptiste Reberotte-Labesse cared for the soldiers who were ill. Cholera epidemics occurred in 1832 and 1849, while typhoid fever ravaged the city in 1839, with an average of thirty deaths a day. During World War II Rethel was the site of heavy combat from May to June 1940 during the Battle of France. French troops under Jean de Lattre de Tassigny repelled German assaults on the town for a month before it fell.

Rethel was the birthplace of:


Val-de-Virvée

Val-de-Virvée is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aubie-et-Espessas (the seat), Saint-Antoine and Salignac.

Blaignan-Prignac

Blaignan-Prignac is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Blaignan (the seat) and Prignac-en-Médoc.

Soul Food (movie)

Soul Food is a 1997 American comedy-drama movie directed by George Tillman Jr. and starring Vanessa L. Williams, Vivica A. Fox, Nia Long, Michael Beach, Mekhi Phifer, Jeffrey D. Sams, Irma P. Hall, Gina Ravera, Brandon Hammond. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Heckler &amp; Koch PSG-1

The Heckler & Koch PSG-1 is a semi-automatic sniper rifle. It is made by the German gun company Heckler & Koch. PSG-1 is a shortening of the German word "Präzisionsschützengewehr-1", or literally the "precision-shooting rifle". It fires the 7.62x51mm NATO bullet. It is a heavily changed version of the G3 rifle. The Munich massacre during the 1972 Summer Olympics showed the need for West German police and counter-terrorists to have a precision rifle, which West Germany did not have at the time.

The PSG-1 is very accurate and has a large 20-round box magazine. However, its heavy weight, high price, lack of versatility, and its ease of jamming made the rifle not very practical, so it was eventually replaced by other sniper rifles. However, its unique look made it a popular weapon in video games. It appeared in games like the "Metal Gear" series, the "Call of Duty" series, the "Rainbow Six" series, and "Resident Evil 5".

Lamborghini Silhouette

The Lamborghini Silhouette (sometimes called the Lamborghini Silhouette P300) is a sports car. Lamborghini made it from 1976 to 1979. It came after the Urraco.

The Silhouette was first revealed at the 1976 Geneva Auto Show. It was designed by Bertone. The earlier Urraco was the basis for the car, but it had different styling. The Silhouette was the first Lamborghini to have a targa top roof. Lamborghini’s next sports car, the Jalpa, was based off the Silhouette. 

Lamborghini made 54 Silhouettes. They stopped making them in 1979. Thirty-one of them are known to still exist.

The Silhouette was powered by a Lamborghini V8 engine. It was very similar to the one in the Urraco P300. The engine was in the middle of the car. The engine was paired to a five-speed manual transmission.
The Silhouette’s engine made . This helped the car be able to go from in 6.5 seconds. It could also go from in 16.1 seconds. It could get to a top speed of .


European Weightlifting Federation

The European Weightlifting Federation (EWF) was founded in 1969 and is the body governing and organizing the European Weightlifting Championships.


Sullivan County, Pennsylvania

Sullivan County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,840. Its county seat is Laporte.

Timur Tuchinov

Timur Tuchinov (born Amitkhasha) is a Russian Paralympic archer. He won two gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2013, he won a World Para Archery Championship in standing recurve archery.

He is from Aginskoye, Zabaykalsky Krai. He studied with Dasinma Orboev. He was European champion, in 2006. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, 2011 EMAU Grand Prix, 2012 European Grand Prix, and 2012 Asian Grand Prix. 

At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, he won a gold medal in the Men's Individual Recurve Standing, and the Men's Team Recurve Open, with Mikhail Oyun, and Oleg Shestakov. 

He was a torch bearer for the 2014 Winter Olympics. He was given an apartment in Aginskoe.


Yelyzaveta Mereshko

Yelyzaveta Mereshko (born 8 July 1992) is a Ukrainian Paralympic swimmer. In 2015, she set the world record for the S6 100 metres freestyle event. She won four gold medals and a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

Gail Gaeng

Gail Gaeng (born 27 December 1992) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2015 Parapan American Games.

Jay Street–MetroTech station

Jay Street Metrotech is a station on the IND Culver Line, IND Fulton Street Line and BMT Fourth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Jay Street, Willoughby Street and MetroTech in Downtown Brooklyn . 

It is served by the A , C , F and R trains 

This station is for A , C , F and R trains 

Next stations after this station on the IND Culver Line , IND Fulton Street Line and BMT Fourth Avenue Line : DeKalb Avenue , Bergen Street , Hoyt Schermerhorn Streets , York Street , Court Street and High Street .

68th Street–Hunter College station

68th Street Hunter College is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. It can be found at the intersection of 68th Street, Hunter College and Lexington Avenue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. It is served by the 6 train.

Copying Beethoven (movie)

Copying Beethoven is a 2006 American German Hungarian biographical drama movie directed by Agnieszka Holland and starring Ed Harris, Diane Kruger, Matthew Goode, Ralph Riach, Phyllida Law. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Mary L. Trump

Mary Lea Trump (born May 1965) is an American psychologist, businessperson, and author. She is a niece of President Donald J. Trump. She wrote "Too Much and Never Enough", a book about him and the Trump family, in 2020. It sold over one million copies on its first day on sale.

Mary Trump was born to Fred Trump Jr. and Linda Lee Clapp. Her brother is Frederick Trump III. Her father died of alcoholism when she was 16.

Trump studied English literature at Tufts University. She earned a PhD in clinical psychology.

Trump married a woman and divorced her soon. She has a daughter.

Trump is a psychologist. She has also taught college-level classes on psychology and has run some small businesses on the side.

Mary Trump wrote Too Much and Never Enough: How My Family Created the World's Most Dangerous Man. It is a book that reveals how Donald Trump became what she calls "the world's most dangerous man." It was published on July 14, 2020. The book sold more than one million copies on its first day of sales.

Too Much and Never Enough

Too Much and Never Enough: How My Family Created the World's Most Dangerous Man is a book written by Mary L. Trump, the niece of Donald Trump. It is a "tell-all" book, which means it is a biography about Donald Trump written without his permission. The Trump family filed a lawsuit against the book by saying it violated a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). An NDA means that a person cannot reveal confidential information to the public. However, they could not stop the book from being published on July 14, 2020.

Mary Trump is a psychologist who works with patients. She has done research on victims of stalking and on schizophrenia. She is the daughter of Fred Trump, Jr. and granddaughter of Fred Trump.

In 1999, Mary and her brother Fred III went to court because they didn't agree with the conditions in Fred Sr.'s will. They said that Fred Sr.'s other children influenced him so that the will would not give them as much money as they think they deserved. Because they went to trial, the family cut off both of them from health insurance, which put Fred's son, who had epilepsy, in great danger. The lawsuit was settled and they got their insurance back.

After her uncle became president, there were questions about whether or not he paid his fair share in taxes. Mary gave "The New York Times" a box of financial documents that proved that he did not and that he was engaged in fraud.

This book is chronological. That means it is organized by time. Mary doesn't diagnose Donald with any specific disorders. Instead she uses psychology to analyze parts of his history to give suggestions on what might be wrong with him.

This part of the book describes Fred Trump as a sociopath who uses others to help himself. Donald learns from Fred how to not show feelings of weakness nor how to be kind to others. This is in contrast to Fred Jr., who was constantly scolded for not learning to be a cruel person like Fred Sr. Because of this training, Donald fails to learn about all the possible feelings that people experience. To the relief of his mother, he is sent to military school.

In Part 2, Donald becomes a businessman. However, Fred Sr. puts Donald as the public face of the family business while he takes care of much of the actual business. Fred Jr. chooses to leave the family business and become a pilot. He is rejected by his family for this choice, which leads to him becoming an alcoholic and the end of his pilot career and his marriage. He died of a heart attack at a hospital while Donald was at a movie theater.

This part of the books talks about how Donald is not a good businessman. The only reason he is not allowed to fail is because his businesses partners won't let him; him failing makes them look bad. At one point, he has to negotiate with creditors so that he can get an allowance of $450,000 per month.

The family cuts her and her brother out of Fred's will. She, her brother, and her brother's son lose their health insurance. They settle when she allows the rest of the family to buy out her share of a corporation at a price lower than what it should be.

Here, Mary talks about Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign. She uses her psychologist knowledge to show how he used his worst traits to his own advantage. She says that Donald is able to be manipulated by others who recognize his weaknesses.

Mary Trump makes some claims in the book. She says that:

The book was supposed to be published by Simon & Schuster on August 11, 2020. However, they moved the publication date to July 14 because so many people wanted to read it.

Donald Trump said that Mary signed a "very powerful" agreement that "covers everything," so she was "not allowed to write a book."

Robert Trump, one of Mary's uncles, sued on June 23 to stop the book from being published. A judge in the Queens County Surrogate Court (a court that handles wills) dismissed the case. Trump then took the case to a state court. On June 30, a judge there ordered that the book not be published until a hearing was held on July 10. On July 1, another more powerful judge reversed that order and allowed Simon & Schuster to publish the book. On July 2, Mary Trump made an affidavit saying that she was not bound by the NDA because the agreement was fraudulent.

Most people said good things about the book. They were impressed with how she used her psychology knowledge to tell a story about her family.

One man, Chris Taylor, said she did not write a good book because she made a lot of big claims and contradicted herself.

Rod Hull

Rodney Stephen Hull (13 August 1935 – 17 March 1999) was an English comedian. He was a popular entertainer on British television in the 1970s and 1980s. He is best known for his puppet Emu, a mute, very aggressive arm-length puppet modelled on the Australian flightless bird, the emu. With Emu, he appeared notably on "Parkinson", "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" and "Royal Variety Show".

Hull was born on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent. He lived in Australia between 1956 and 1971. He had six children. 

On 17 March 1999, Hull died from a serious skull fracture and chest injuries. He climbed onto the roof of his bungalow, in Winchelsea, East Sussex, to correct his television aerial during a Manchester United versus Inter Milan European Champions League game. He slipped from the roof and fell through the home's greenhouse. He was dead on arrival at a hospital in Hastings. He was 63. His death was ruled an accident.

Juan Rosai

Juan Rosai, M.D. (August 20, 1940 – July 7, 2020) was an Italian-born American physician. He worked in clinical research and education in the specialty of surgical pathology. He was born in Poppi, Italy.

He was the principal author and editor of a major textbook in that field. His works focused on Rosai-Dorfman disease and the desmoplastic small round cell tumor. Rosai was also well-known because of his role as teacher, mentor and consultant to many American and international surgical pathologists.

Rosai died on July 7, 2020 in Milan at the age of 79.

Norman Allinger

Norman "Lou" Allinger (April 6, 1928 – July 8, 2020) was an American organic and computational chemist. He was Distinguished Research Professor Emeritus of Chemistry at the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens.

In 1992, he became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1992. He was born in Alameda, California.

Allinger died on July 8, 2020 at the age of 92.

Eldon A. Money

Eldon A. Money (November 7, 1930 – July 8, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the Utah House of Representatives and Utah State Senate. An alumnus of Utah State University, he was a farmer and cattleman. He was a state representative from 1974 to 1979 and he was a state senator from 1980 to 1997. He was born in Spanish Fork, Utah.

He died of Alzheimer's disease on July 8, 2020, in Mapleton, Utah at age 89.

Mapleton, Utah

Mapleton is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Provo–Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 11,365 people lived in Mapleton. This is up from 7,979 people at the 2010 census.

José Antonio Pérez Sánchez

José Antonio Pérez Sanchéz (20 December 1947 – 8 July 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Mexico City. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1976. He was coadjutor bishop of the Territorial Prelature of Jesús María del Nayar from 1992 to 1994 and as bishop of the territorial prelature from 1994 to 2010.

Pérez Sánchez died on 8 July 2020 in Mexico City, aged 72.

Aleut language

The Aleut language is spoken by the Aleut people, who live in the U.S. state of Alaska and in Russia. They call their language "Unangam Tunuu" and call themselves "Unangax̂".

The Aleut language is an endangered language because fewer people are speaking it. The Aleut are trying to teach the language to others and encourage them to use it so it won't die out.

Aleut uses two alphabets, the Latin alphabet (the ABCs) and the Cyrillic alphabet.

In Aleut, new words are created by adding suffixes to a base word called a stem.

Lim Boo Liat

Lim Boo Liat (21 August 1926 – 11 July 2020) was a Malaysian zoologist. He was known for his biological diversity of Malaysia. He was a strong supporter for the conservation of the country's natural heritage. Lim was the first Southeast Asian to be awarded Honorary Membership to the American Society of Mammalogists.

Lim died at his home in Cheras on 11 July 2020.

Florence Littauer

Florence Littauer (April 27, 1928 – July 11, 2020) was an American Christian self-help author and public speaker. Littauer was best known for her series of books based upon the Personality Plus personality system. She was listed as one of Helen K. Hosier's "100 Christian Women Who Changed the Twentieth Century". She received the National Speakers Association's Council of Peers Award for Excellence.

Littauer was born in Haverhill, Massachusetts. She died on July 11, 2020 at the age of 92.

Bernard Cottret

Bernard Cottret (1951 – July 13, 2020) was a French historian and literary scholar.

From 1988 to 2002, Bernard Cottret was a member of the steering committee of the "Bibliothèque nationale de France". The Académie française awarded several of his books (Monseigneur-Marcel history prize, silver medal in 1992 for Cromwell, François-Millepierres history prize in 2003 for the "La Révolution américaine").

Polad Hashimov

Polad Israyil oglu Hashimov (; 2 January 1975 – 14 July 2020) was an Azerbaijani soldier. He became a major general in 2019.

On June 24, 2019, by an order of the President of Azerbaijan, Polad Hashimov was awarded the rank of Major General.

He was killed on July 14, 2020, during the skirmishes between the Azerbaijani Armed Forces and the Armenian Armed Forces.

Paul Fusco (photographer)

John Paul Fusco (August 2, 1930 – July 15, 2020) was an American photojournalist. He worked with Magnum Photos from 1973 until his death in 2020. He was born in Leominster, Massachusetts. 

Fusco first worked for "Look". He became an associate of Magnum Photos in 1973 and a full member a year later. Over the years, Fusco also contributed to such publications as "Life", "Mother Jones", the "New York Times Magazine", "Newsweek", "Psychology Today", and "Time". 

Fusco died on July 15, 2020 in San Anselmo, California from dementia-related problems, aged 89.

John D. Rockefeller Jr.

John Davison Rockefeller Jr. (January 29, 1874 – May 11, 1960) was an American financier and philanthropist. He was a prominent member of the Rockefeller family. He was the only son among the five children of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the father of the five famous Rockefeller brothers.

His sons included Nelson Rockefeller, the 41st vice president of the United States; Winthrop Rockefeller, the 37th governor of Arkansas; and banker David Rockefeller.

Arnol Kox

Arnol Kox (11 October 1952 – 15 July 2020) was a Dutch street preacher. He was born in Bergeijk, Netherlands. For at least 40 years he loudly talked about God's word in the center of Eindhoven. He talked to citizens and tourists directly with incentive things and religious messages.

Kox died at the hospital in Eindhoven, Netherlands on 15 July 2020 from leukaemia-related problems, aged 67.

Victoria Rodríguez (actress)

Victoria Rodríguez Clavijo (24 September 1931 – 15 July 2020) was a Spanish actress. She appeared in many Spanish theatre shows. She appeared in Spanish productions of "Don Juan Tenorio" and "Hamlet". 

Rodríguez died in Madrid on 15 July 2020 from pneumonia, aged 88.

Christopher Dickey

Christopher Swift Dickey (August 31, 1951 – July 16, 2020) was an American journalist, author, and news editor. He was the Paris-based world news editor for "The Daily Beast". He authored seven books, including "Our Man in Charleston: Britain's Secret Agent in the Civil War South" (2015); "Securing the City: Inside America's Best Counterterror Force – the NYPD" (2009), and a memoir, "Summer of Deliverance" (1998).

Dickey died on July 16, 2020 in Paris at the age of 68.

Revenge porn

Revenge porn is the act of getting revenge on somebody by way of pornography. It usually means spreading sexually explicit pictures or videos of a person without their permission. The possession of the material may be used by the partners to punish or embarrass the victim. 

Several areas have passed laws against revenge porn. They include Israel, Iran, Algeria, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and most of the United States.

In the 1980s, the "Hustler" magazine began a monthly show of reader-submitted images of naked women called the "Beaver Hunt". The Beaver Hunt photos usually came with details about these women, such as their names and their hobbies. Some of the women sued the magazine for publishing their photos without their permission.

In 2010, Hunter Moore launched a website called "IsAnyoneUp". The website was similar to the Beaver Hunt. The first person who spoke against Moore was activist Charlotte Laws. She was also one of the first people to publicly support revenge pornography victims.

In June 2015 Google decided they would remove links to revenge porn on request. Microsoft did the same in July.

Volodymyr Lozynskyi

Volodymyr Fedorovych Lozynskyi or Vladimir Fyodorovich Lozinsky (; ; 6 February 1955 – 17 July 2020) was a Soviet-Ukrainian football player and Ukrainian coach. Between 1979 and 1982, he played for the Soviet Union national football team. He also played for FC Dynamo Kyiv between 1973 and 1984. He managed the national student team.

Loztnskyi died on 17 July 2020, aged 65.

Azuma Morisaki

Morisaki died from a cerebral infarction on 16 July 2020 in Chigasaki, Japan at the age of 92.

Tony Taylor (baseball)

Antonio Nemesio (Sánchez) Taylor (December 19, 1935July 16, 2020) was a Cuban baseball second baseman. He was born in Havana. He played nineteen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, and Detroit Tigers from 1958 until 1976. He batted and threw right-handed and also played third base and first base.

Taylor died from stroke-related problems on July 16, 2020 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, aged 84.


Jamie Oldaker

James Oldaker (September 5, 1951 – July 16, 2020) was an American rock music, blues rock and country music drummer and percussionist. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He was known for performing for Eric Clapton. He also recorded for The Bellamy Brothers, Asleep at the Wheel, Peter Frampton, Stephen Stills, Leon Russell, Ace Frehley, Freddie King, and the Bee Gees.

Oldaker died on July 16, 2020 at the age of 68.

Freddie King

Freddie King (September 3, 1934 – December 28, 1976) was an American blues guitarist and singer. He recorded many hits for Federal Records in the early 1960s. He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. King was born in Gilmer, Texas.

King based his guitar style on Texas blues and Chicago blues. His best-known recordings include the early instrumentals "Hide Away" (1961), "San-Ho-Zay," (1961) and "The Stumble" (1962). He later became involved with more rhythm and blues- and rock-oriented producers.

King died on December 28, 1976 in Dallas, Texas from pancreatitis, at the age of 42.

Emajuddin Ahamed

Emajuddin Ahamed (15 December 1933 – 17 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi political scientist, author and educator. He was the 21st vice-chancellor of the University of Dhaka during 1992 to 1996. He was awarded the Ekushey Padak in 1992. He was born in Malda district, Bengal Presidency.

Ahamed died from a cerebral hemorrhage in Dhaka on 17 July 2020, aged 86.

Boonville, Missouri

Boonville is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States. The population was 7,964 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Cooper County.

Zenon Grocholewski

Zenon Grocholewski (October 11, 1939 – July 17, 2020) was a Polish Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 2001. From 1999 until 2015, he ws Prefect of the Congregation for Catholic Education and Grand Chancellor of the Pontifical Gregorian University. He was born in Bródki, Poland.

Grocholewski died on July 17, 2020 in The Vatican at the age of 80.

Zizi Jeanmaire

Renée Marcelle Jeanmaire (29 April 1924 – 17 July 2020), known as Zizi Jeanmaire, was a French ballet dancer. She was the wife of dancer and choreographer Roland Petit. She became famous in the 1950s after playing the title role in the ballet "Carmen" in 1949. She was born in Paris.

Jeanmaire died on 17 July 2020 in Tolochenaz, Switzerland, aged 96.

Megan Blunk

Megan Blunk (born 12 September 1989) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2013 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2015 Parapan American Games.

Ron Tauranac

Ronald Sidney Tauranac (13 January 1925 – 17 July 2020) was a British-Australian engineer and racing car designer. He worked with Formula One driver Jack Brabham and helped founded the Brabham constructor and racing team in 1962. Tauranac owned and managed the Brabham team until 1972, when he sold it to Bernie Ecclestone. He was born in Gillingham, Kent.

Tauranac died in Sunshine Coast, Queensland on 17 July 2020, aged 95.

Darlene Hunter

Darlene Hunter (born 16 April 1982 in Walled Lake, Michigan) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2011 Parapan American Games, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2015 Parapan American Games.

She studied at Walled Lake Western High School, University of Arizona, University of Texas at Arlington, and Texas Women's University. She founded a women's wheelchair basketball camp.

Natalie Schneider

Natalie Schneider (born 11 February 1983) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She won a gold medal at the 2010 IWBF World Championship and 2011 IWBF World Championship. She played at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

She was born in and lived in Crete, Nebraska. She studied at Crete High School, Doane College, and University of Nebraska–Lincoln.

Desiree Miller

Desiree Miller (born 12 August 1987) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and 2015 Parapan American Games.

She was born in Kirkland, Washington. She lived in Monroe, Washington. She studied at University of Alabama and University of Wisconsin-Whitewater.

Jennifer Poist

Jennifer Poist (born March 14, 1989) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2012 Summer Paralympics, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2015 Parapan American Games.

She was born in Hanover, Pennsylvania. She lived in McSherrystown, Pennsylvania. She studied at University of Arizona. She is the head coach for women's basketball at the University of Arizona Disability Resource Center.

77th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)

77th Street , known as 77th Street Lenox Hill Hospital is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 77th Street and Lexington Avenue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. It is served by the <6> train.

After this station, the next stations will be 86th Street and 68th Street–Hunter College stations .

Vanessa Erskine

Vanessa Erskine (born 12 July 1994) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played for the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. She played at the 2013 Youth Parapan American Games.

Rebecca Murray

Rebecca Murray (born 15 March 1990) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and 2012 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2007 Parapan American Games, 2011 Parapan American Games, 2012 Summer Paralympics, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, 2015 Parapan American Games, and 2019 Parapan American Games.  

She was born in Milwaukee. She studied at Germantown High School in Germantown, Wisconsin.

European Youth Table Tennis Championships

The European Youth Table Tennis Championships were first held in 1955 in Stuttgart. The tournament has been held yearly (except 1960, 1963, 1964). Juniors (under 18) and Cadets (under 15).


Miranda Richardson

Miranda Jane Richardson (born 3 March 1958) is an English actress. She first appeared as Ruth Ellis in "Dance with a Stranger" (1985) and went on to receive Academy Award nominations for "Damage" (1992) and "Tom & Viv" (1994). 

Rose Hollermann

Rose Hollermann (born 25 December 1995) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Parapan American Games, 2012 Summer Paralympics, 2015 Parapan American Games, and 2019 Parapan American Games.

She was born in Elysian, Minnesota. She studied at Waterville-Elysian-Morristown High School and at University of Texas at Arlington.

World Junior Wushu Championships

The World Junior Wushu Championships (WJWC) is an international wushu competition organized by the International Wushu Federation (IWUF) for competitors (both male and female) below 18 years of age. There are three categories for the taolu events (under 12 and under 15 and under 18 years of age but in 2006 only U15 & U18). The competition also includes a sanda category until 2016, but was added U15 sanda from 2018.



Casper Van Dien

Casper Robert Van Dien Jr. (born December 18, 1968) is an American actor. He is best known for his lead role as Johnny Rico in the 1997 science-fiction movie "Starship Troopers". He also starred as Brom Van Brunt in the 1999 Tim Burton movie "Sleepy Hollow".

2020 Armenian–Azerbaijani skirmishes

2020 Armenian–Azerbaijani skirmishes began on 12 July 2020 between the Armed Forces of Armenia and Azerbaijani Armed Forces. The first clashes happened near Movses in Tavush Province of Armenia, and Ağdam in Tovuz District of Azerbaijan at the Armenian–Azerbaijani state border.

The skirmishes began again on 13 July and continued until 16 July, resulting in at least 15 military and one civilian casualties. Among 11 confirmed Azerbaijani military casualties were one major general, one colonel and two majors. The Government of Armenia also reported death of one major, one captain and two sergeants in the skirmish.

Asian Wushu Championships

The Asian Wushu Championships are held every 4 years and are organised by the Wushu Federation of Asia (WFA). 


Alexei Tezikov

Alexei Pavlovich Tezikov (; June 22, 1978 – July 16, 2020) was a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals and Vancouver Canucks.

Tezikov left North America following the 2001–02 season, returning to his native Russia to play in the Russian Superleague and Kontinental Hockey League over the next 11 years.

Tezikov died on July 16, 2020, at the age of 42, after suffering a heart attack on the street.

Abigail Dunkin

Abigail Dunkin (born November 24, 1995) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2015 Parapan American Games and 2019 Parapan American Games.

She studied at Canyon High School in New Braunfels, Texas and at the University of Texas at Arlington.

Miracle on Ice

The "Miracle on Ice" was a medal-round game during the men's ice hockey tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York. It played between the hosting United States and the four-time defending gold medalists, the Soviet Union.

The Soviet Union had won the gold medal in five of the six previous Winter Olympic Games, and they were the favorites to win again in Lake Placid.

For the first game in the medal round, the United States played the Soviets. Finishing the first period tied at 2–2, and the Soviets leading 3–2 following the second, the U.S. team scored two more goals to take their first lead midway in the third and final period, then held on and won 4–3. Two days later, the U.S. won the gold medal by beating Finland in their final game. The Soviet Union took the silver medal by beating Sweden.

The victory became one of the most iconic moments of the Games and in U.S. sports. In 1999, "Sports Illustrated" named the "Miracle on Ice" the top sports moment of the 20th century. 

The Devil's Advocate (1997 movie)

The Devil's Advocate (marketed as Devil's Advocate) is a 1997 American supernatural horror movie directed by Taylor Hackford, written by Jonathan Lemkin and Tony Gilroy. It starred Keanu Reeves, Al Pacino, and Charlize Theron. It is based on Andrew Neiderman's novel of the same name.

It is about a successful young Floridian lawyer (Reeves) invited to New York City to work for a major firm. As his wife (Theron) becomes haunted by visuals, the lawyer slowly begins to realize the owner of the firm (Pacino) is the Devil.

The movie has a 67% on Rotten Tomatoes. 

Eugenio Scarpellini

Eugenio Scarpellini (8 January 1954 – 15 July 2020) was an Italian-born Bolivian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1974. He was titular bishop of "Bida" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of El Alto, Bolivia from 2010 to 2013 and as bishop of the El Alto Diocese from 2013 until his death in 2020.

Scarpellini died from COVID-19 during the pandemic in Bolivia on 15 July 2020, aged 66.

Brian Hutton, Baron Hutton

James Brian Edward Hutton, Baron Hutton, PC (29 June 1932 – 14 July 2020) was a British politician and lawyer. He was the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland from 1989 to 1997 and Lord of Appeal in Ordinary from 1997 to 2004. Hutton was born in Belfast.

Hutton died on 14 July 2020, aged 88.

Ely, Minnesota

Ely ( ) is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,268 at the 2020 census. It is located on the Vermilion Iron Range. It is home to several iron ore mines.

Wahidul Haq

Wahidul Haque ( – 3 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the Finance Minister of Bangladesh from 1988 to 1990. He was also an Emeritus Professor at the University of Toronto, Canada. He was a member of the Jatiya Party.

Haq died on 3 July 2020.

Bethel Park, Pennsylvania

Bethel Park is a borough with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. It is part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area, about 7 miles (13 km) southwest of Pittsburgh. The population was 33,577 at the 2020 census.

Scott Hahn

Scott W. Hahn (born October 28, 1957) is an American Christian theologian and apologist. He was born in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania. Hahn's popular works include "Rome Sweet Home" and "The Lamb's Supper: The Mass as Heaven on Earth". 

His lectures have been seen through Lighthouse Catholic Media. Hahn is known for his research on Early Christianity during the Apostolic Age and many theoretical works about the early Church Fathers.

Hahn teaches at the Franciscan University of Steubenville, a Catholic university in the United States. He has also lectured at the Pontifical College Josephinum in Columbus, Ohio.

Christina Schwab

Christina Schwab (née Ripp) (born July 31, 1980) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. She won the 2003 Boston Marathon, Women's Wheelchair division.

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2015 Parapan American Games. She participated at the 2003 New York City Marathon, 2004 New York City Marathon, 2005 New York City Marathon, 2006 New York City Marathon, 2010 New York City Marathon, 2011 New York City Marathon, and 2012 London Marathon.

She is from Dane, Wisconsin. She studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Kyaw Hein

Kyaw Hein (, ; born Kyaw Htay, 14 July 1947 – 11 July 2020) was a Burmese actor, director and singer. He was a five-time winner of the Myanmar Academy Award. He had starred in hundreds of movies. He was seen as one of the most important actors in Burmese cinema. He retired in 2008 and became a Theravada Buddhist monk. He held the Dharma name Kittisāra (). His best known movie roles were in "Kanyar Pyo Nae Zayar Ao", "Sone Yay" and "Wai Lae Mhway Kyway Lae Mhway".

Hein died on 11 July 2020 in Canberra, Australia from stroke-related problems, aged 72.

Mackenzie Soldan

Mackenzie Soldan (born 14 May 1992) is an American wheelchair basketball player and wheelchair tennis player. She won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2010 US Open, 2019 ITTF Team World Cup, 2011 Parapan American Games, 2012 Summer Paralympics, 2015 Parapan American Games, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She was born in Saginaw, Michigan. She lived in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. She studied at the Christian Academy of Louisville and at the University of Alabama. She trained at the USTA National Campus.

Henry Krtschil

Henry Krtschil (3 October 1932 – 7 July 2020) was a German composer, music producer and pianist. He worked for 25 years as a movie composer for Deutscher Fernsehfunk and over 30 years with the German singer Gisela May. He was born in Dresden. 

He was a Répétiteur for one year at "Staatliche Ballettschule Berlin" and until 1970 at Berliner Ensemble. Between 1970 and 1977 he worked at the theatre Volksbühne. From 1991 until his retirement in 1999 he worked as a composer and pianist at "Theater im Palais".

Krtschil died on 7 July 2020, aged 87.

List of shooting sports organizations

This is a list of national and international shooting sports organizations who promote sport shooting to civilian sport shooters, hunters, police, military and/or military reservists.



























































































































































Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler

Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler is a town in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is the capital of the district Ahrweiler. As of 2018, 28,251 people lived there.


Altenburg

Altenburg is a city in the German state of Thuringia. It is the capital of the district Altenburger Land. As of 2018, 32,074 people lived there.

Altenburg is twinned with:


Deggendorf

Deggendorf () is a town in the German state of Bavaria. It is the capital of the district of Deggendorf.

Tioga County, Pennsylvania

Tioga County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 41,045. Its county seat is Wellsboro.

Union County, Pennsylvania

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 42,681. Its county seat is Lewisburg.

Warren County, Pennsylvania

Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,587. Its county seat is Warren.

Wyoming County, Pennsylvania

Wyoming County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,069. Its county seat is Tunkhannock.

Mitchell County, North Carolina

Mitchell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 14,903 people lived there. Its county seat is Bakersville.

Montgomery County, North Carolina

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 25,751 people lived there. Its county seat is Troy.

Rapid Fire (1992 movie)

Rapid Fire is a 1992 American action movie directed by Dwight H. Little and starring Brandon Lee, Powers Boothe, Nick Mancuso. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Studio 8H

Studio 8H is a television studio in New York City in the United States. The studio is a part of NBC Studios, where the NBC television network is, at 30 Rockefeller Plaza. It is known for having the live recording of "Saturday Night Live", which has been shown from the studio since the show's creation in 1975.

Studio 8H was built in 1933. It was meant to be used for orchestras and radio variety programs with big studio audiences. When it was built, Studio 8H was the world's biggest radio studio. It was feet big, and it was three stories tall, which could fit a full orchestra. It was used for television in 1950, mostly for the live showing of "Kraft Television Theatre".

Studio 8H is now best known for showing the NBC sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live", which is recorded live. Two episodes of NBC sitcom "30 Rock", "Live Show" and "Live from Studio 6H" were also recorded live from the studio.

Parent company

A parent company is a company that owns enough voting stock in another company to control the management and operation by changing or electing its board of directors. Companies that are under this management are called subsidiaries of the parent company.

Sometimes, a company intended to be a pure holding company identifies itself as such by adding "Holding" or "Holdings" to its name.

NBC Studios (New York City)

NBC Studios are in the historic 30 Rockefeller Plaza (on Sixth Avenue between 49th and 50th streets) in the borough of Manhattan, New York City. The building has the NBC television network headquarters, its parent NBCUniversal, and NBC's flagship station WNBC (Channel 4). It also has the cable news channel MSNBC.

The shows that are produced at 30 Rockefeller Plaza (shows taping as of the 2018–19 season in bold):


Mount Oread Civil War posts

Lawrence, Kansas was not well defended in the early part of the American Civil War. They started defending it after William Quantrill's guerrilla raid on August 21, 1863. By early 1864 Union soldiers permanently stayed on the top and hills of Mount Oread, which was at Lawrence's southwest. It seems the camp was first named Camp Ewing, after Brig. Gen. Thomas Ewing.

The military area on Mount Oread was used until the end of the Civil War. When the war ended, there was no reason to keep them, so they were destroyed.

Asian Shooting Confederation

The Asian Shooting Confederation (ASC) is an association of the International Shooting Sport Federation's member federations from Asia.

The Asian Shooting Championships are governed by the Asian Shooting Confederation. Asian Shooting Championships began in 1967. These championships, including almost all ISSF shooting events, are held every four years.



International Shooting Sport Federation

The International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) is the governing body of the Olympic Shooting events in rifle, pistol and shotgun (clay target) disciplines, and of several non-Olympic Shooting sport events. ISSF's activities include regulation of the sport, Olympic qualifications and organization of international competitions such as the ISSF World Cup Series, the ISSF World Cup Finals, the ISSF Separate World Championship in Shotgun events and the ISSF World Championship in all events.

Founded in 1907 as the International Shooting Union (), and then changing its name in 1998, the ISSF affiliates nowadays over 150 National Shooting Federations from Africa, Americas, Asia, Europe and Oceania. The ISSF Presidency is held by Mr. Vladimir Lisin, a Russian steel tycoon since the 30th of November 2018. Mr. Lisin was also President of the European Shooting Confederation until October 2021. The ISSF headquarters is in Munich, Germany.

The ISSF recognizes the following competitions as "ISSF Championships":

These are the only competitions that have direct supervision from ISSF committees, and the only competitions where world records can be set. This leads to many national records in fact being higher than the world records.



Moonlighting (Leo Sayer song)

"Moonlighting" is a song about a young man and young woman running away to get married at Gretna Green. It was recorded by Leo Sayer.

"Moonlighting" was written by Sayer and Frank Farrell and co-produced by Adam Faith. "Moonlighting" made number 2 on the UK Singles Chart in September 1975. The song is on Sayer's album, "Another Year".

The New Zealand band Ardijah covered the song in 2002.

You Make Me Feel Like Dancing

"You Make Me Feel Like Dancing" is a song credited to English/Australian singer Leo Sayer, taken from his 1976 album "Endless Flight". The song reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, making it his first number-one single in the United States, and reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart. "Billboard" ranked it as the No. 13 song of 1977. Credited songwriters Sayer and Vini Poncia won a Grammy Award for the song in 1978 in the category Best R&B Song.

Hengelo, Overijssel

"See also: Hengelo, Gelderland"

Hengelo is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 81,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region.

The University of Twente lies just across the municipal border in Enschede.


Cerro Largo Department

The Cerro Largo Department () is a department in the east of Uruguay. Its capital is Melo.

Colonia Department

The Colonia Department () is a department in the southwest of Uruguay. Its capital is Colonia del Sacramento.

Durazno Department

The Durazno Department () is a department in the center of Uruguay. Its capital is Durazno.

Flores Department

The Flores Department () is a department in the center of Uruguay. Its capital is Trinidad.

Florida Department

The Florida Department () is a department in the south central part of Uruguay. Its capital is Florida.

Lamborghini Sesto Elemento

The Lamborghini Sesto Elemento is a supercar. Lamborghini made it in 2011. It is a track day car. This means that it is not allowed on a public road. Lamborghini only made 20 Sesto Elementos. The car’s name means “sixth element” in Italian. This is because carbon is the sixth element on the periodic table and the car uses a lot of carbon fibre.

In mid-2011, Lamborghini announced that they would make 20 cars for track use only. Each car would cost US$2.92 million. All 20 cars had already been sold by the time Lamborghini started building them. At that time, the Sesto Elemento was the most expensive Lamborghini ever created. It stayed that way until they made the Veneno. The Veneno’s price was as high as £4,162,150 (US$6.5 million).

The Sesto Elemento uses Lamborghinis’s 5.2 litre V10 engine. It is the same engine as in the Gallardo. It makes and of torque. The engine is paired with Lamborghini’s six-speed semi-automatic transmission. It powers all four wheels through an all-wheel drive system. Almost all of the Sesto Elemento is made of carbon fibre. This means that the car only weighs .

Lamborghini says that the Sesto Elemento can go from in 2.5 seconds. Lamborghini also says that the Sesto Elemento can go from in 8.0 seconds. It has a top speed of .


Lavalleja Department

The Lavalleja Department () is a department in the southeast of Uruguay. Its capital is Minas.

Maldonado Department

The Maldonado Department () is a department in the southeast of Uruguay. Its capital is Maldonado.

Montevideo Department

The Montevideo Department () is a department in the south of Uruguay. Its capital is Montevideo.

Rocha Department

The Rocha Department () is a department in the east of Uruguay. Its capital is Rocha.

San José Department

The San José Department () is a department in the southwest of Uruguay. Its capital is San José de Mayo.

Soriano Department

The Soriano Department () is a department in the west of Uruguay. Its capital is Mercedes.

Treinta y Tres Department

The Treinta y Tres Department () is a department in the east of Uruguay. Its capital is Treinta y Tres.

Mura Statistical Region

The Mura Statistical Region () is a statistical region in northeastern Slovenia.

The Mura Statistical Region has 27 municipalities:


Hazlehurst, Georgia

Hazlehurst is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Jeff Davis County.

Morrison, Oklahoma

Morrison is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tlingit

The Tlingit are a Native American group from the Pacific Northwest. They live in the United States (in the state of Alaska) and in Canada (British Columbia and Yukon). They speak the Tlingit language. In their language, Tlingit means "people of the tides."

The Tlingit get their food through hunting, gathering, and fishing. They are a matrilineal society. That means property is passed down from a mother to her children.

The Tlingit practiced slavery extensively until it was outlawed by the United States.

The Tlingit organized themselves into tribes, which they called "Ḵwáan".

The Tlingit have a very rich culture. They are famous for their totem poles. They incorporate art in every part of their lives. Their art has deep spiritual meaning.

The Tlingit didn't write down their beliefs, but they do have a very complex philosophy on how they view the world.

They were animists. Their shamans did many things, such as curing diseases, helping hunters, and protecting people from evil.

In the 1880s, many Tlingit began to convert to Orthodox Christianity, which was introduced by the Russians. They clung to the Orthodox religion as Americans and Canadians came onto their land.

Today, young Tlingit are turning back to their traditional beliefs in order to regain a sense of identity as Tlingit.

The Tlingit have their own language, the Tlingit language. Their language has a very complex grammar and uses sounds that almost no other languages use.

However, most of them now speak English.

The Tlingit made their houses from cedar wood.

The Tlingit harvest food from the sea.

They also enjoy eating berries and meat from land animals.


Cayn

Ayn (,  ) also spelled as Cayn, is a region in northern Somalia centered on the city of Buuhoodle. It was a province created by Puntland in 2009. It was one of the 7 regions of Puntland. Then in 2012 it was reclaimed by Khatumo State, an attempted federal state for reer darawiish. As of the 2020s, Ayn is an independent administration ruled by reer darawiish locals and SSC militias.


Ayn

Ayn might refer to:


Phyllis Somerville

Phyllis Jeanne Somerville (December 12, 1943 – July 16, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in "Little Children" (2006), "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" (2008), "Surviving Family" (2012), "The Big C" (2010–2013), and "Outsiders" (2016–2017).

Somerville died on July 16, 2020 in New York City, aged 76.

The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (movie)

The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a 2008 American fantasy romantic drama movie directed by David Fincher. It is based on the 1922 short story of the same name by F. Scott Fitzgerald. The movie stars Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett with Taraji P. Henson, Julia Ormond, Jason Flemyng, Elias Koteas, and Tilda Swinton.

"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" was released in North America on December 25, 2008 to positive reviews from critics. The movie had thirteen Academy Award nominations and won three.

Little Children

Little Children may refer to:

Víctor Víctor

Víctor Víctor (born Víctor José Víctor Rojas; 11 December 1948 – 16 July 2020) was a Dominican guitarist, singer and composer. He was born in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic. He was the founder of the Nueva Forma musical group in the 1970s. 

He was also one of the first Dominican artists to travel to Cuba, when this type of travel was not allowed by the Dominican government.

In 2007 he recorded an album with social-themed songs titled "Verde y Negro" as a tribute to the freedom fighters of the Dominican people.

Víctor died of COVID-19 on 16 July 2020 at a hospital in Santo Domingo, aged 71.

Ken Chinn

Kendall Stephen Chinn (19 October 1962 – 16 July 2020) was a Canadian punk rock lead vocalist and artist. He was best known, under the pseudonym Mr. Chi Pig. He was the lead singer of the band SNFU. 

Chinn died on 16 July 2020 in Vancouver, British Columbia, aged 57.

Edward Edwards (serial killer)

Edward Wayne Edwards (June 14, 1933 – April 7, 2011) was a convicted American serial killer. Edwards escaped from jail in Akron, Ohio in 1955 and fled across the country. By 1961, he was on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. 

Edwards was captured and arrested in Atlanta, Georgia on January 20, 1962. After he was granted parole in 1967, Edwards murdered at least five people between 1977 and 1996.

Edwards died of natural causes at the Corrections Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio on April 7, 2011. He was expected to be executed by lethal injection set for four months later on August 31.

Gian Franco Anedda

Gian Franco Anedda (28 August 1930 – 17 July 2020) was an Italian politician. He was born in Cagliari, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Social Movement and National Alliance. 

Anedda was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1992 to 2006. Between 1994 to 1995, he was Minister of Justice. He was a member of the High Council of the Judiciary from 2005 to 2010.

Anedda died on 17 July 2020 in Cagliari at the age of 89.

Alex Dawson

Alexander Downie Dawson (21 February 1940 – 17 July 2020) was a Scottish football player. He was born in Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire. Between 1957 and 1961, he played for Manchester United. From 1961 to 1967, he played for Preston North End. From 1968 to 1971, he played for Brighton & Hove Albion.

Dawson died on 17 July 2020, aged 80.

Shirley Love (politician)

Shirley D. Love (May 15, 1933 – July 17, 2020) was an American politician and broadcast journalist. She was a member of both chambers of the West Virginia Legislature from 1994 to 2008 and 2017 to 2019. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Love was born in Oak Hill, West Virginia.

Love died on July 17, 2020 in Oak Hill, aged 87.

Oak Hill, West Virginia

Oak Hill is a city in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 8,179 at the 2020 census.

Fayetteville, West Virginia

Fayetteville is a town in and the county seat of Fayette County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,887 at the 2020 census.

Beckley, West Virginia

Beckley is a city in and the county seat of Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States. It was founded on April 4, 1838. As of the census of 2020, there were 17,286 people.

Silvio Marzolini

Silvio Marzolini (4 October 1940 – 17 July 2020) was an Argentine football player. He was known as the best Argentine left back of all time. He played for the Argentina national football team in the 1962 FIFA World Cup and the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Marzolini played a total of 28 games for Argentina.

Marzolini died on 17 July 2020 in Buenos Aires from problems caused by cancer, heart disease and a stroke, aged 79.

Ole Holsti

Ole Rudolf Holsti (August 7, 1933 – July 2, 2020) was an American political scientist and academic. He was the George V. Allen Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Duke University. 

He was known for his writings on international affairs, American foreign policy, content analysis, decision-making in politics and diplomacy, and crises.

Holsti was at the University of California, Davis, as a professor in the Department of Political Science (1978–1979) before joining the faculty of Duke University as George V. Allen Professor in the Department of Political Science (1974–1998). He became a professor emeritus in 1998.

Holsti died on July 2, 2020 at the age of 86.


University of California, Davis

The University of California, Davis (UC Davis), is a public research university and land-grant university near Davis, California. It is part of the University of California system. It has the third-largest enrollment in the system after UCLA and UC Berkeley. The institution was founded as a branch in 1905 and became a general campus in 1959.

University of California, Irvine

The University of California, Irvine (UCI or UC Irvine) is a public research university in Irvine, California. It is one of the 10 campuses in the University of California (UC) system. UC Irvine offers 87 undergraduate degrees and 129 graduate and professional degrees. 

The university is classified as a Research I university. UC Irvine became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996 and is the youngest university to hold membership. 

Luizinho Drummond

Luiz Pacheco Drummond (14 February 1940 — 1 July 2020), nicknamed Luizinho Drummond, was a Brazilian illegal lottery operator. He was the patron of samba school Imperatriz Leopoldinense. He was the president of the Independent League of Samba Schools of Rio de Janeiro (LIESA) from 1998 to 2001.

Drummond died on 1 July 2020 from a stroke in Rio de Janeiro, aged 80.

History of the creation–evolution controversy

The creation–evolution controversy has a long history. Scientists had some ideas how evolution works. Because these theories contradict the creation myth in the Book of Genesis, religious people and organizations questioned these ideas. For a long time, only the priests could read the Bible, which was written in Latin or in Greek. It was only the priests who interpreted the texts in the Bible. The priests often said that the Book of Genesis should not be read literally and taught it as an allegory. With the advent of the printing press, the Bible was translated into other languages. More people were able to read and write, and more literal understandings of scripture flourished. This allowed some religious persons and groups to challenge scientists who supported evolution, such as biologists Thomas Henry Huxley and Ernst Haeckel.

 The first people to speak about evolution were Empedocles and other Greek philosophers in Europe (5th century BCE) andTaoism in Asia. The history of evolutionary thought in Christian theology dates back to Augustine of Hippo (4th century) and Thomas Aquinas (13th century). The modern creation–evolution controversy started in Europe and North America in the late 18th century. Discoveries in geology led to various theories of an ancient earth, and fossils showing past extinctions prompted early ideas of evolution. These ideas were particularly controversial in England, where both the natural world and the hierarchical social order were thought to be fixed by God's will. As the terrors of the French Revolution developed into the Napoleonic Wars, followed by economic depression threatening revolution in Great Britain itself, these ideas were rejected, associated only with radical agitators.
When the economy recovered, things improved. When the book "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" was anonymously published in 1844 its ideas of transmutation of species attracted wide public interest. The work was attacked by the scientific establishment and many theologians who believed it to be in conflict with their interpretations of the biblical account of life's, especially humanity's, origin and development. However, radical Quakers, Unitarians and Baptists welcomed the book's ideas of "natural law" as supporting their struggle to overthrow the privileges of the Church of England.

"Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" remained a best-seller- It paved the way for widespread interest in the theory of natural selection. English naturalist Charles Darwin introduced this ideas in his 1859 book, "On the Origin of Species". Darwin's book was praised by Unitarians as well as by liberal Anglican theologians. The theologians' book "Essays and Reviews" (1860) was more controversial in Britain than Darwin's. It questioned the historical accuracy of literal interpretations of the Bible and said that miracles were irrational.

Darwin's book revolutionized the way naturalists viewed the world. The book and its promotion attracted attention and controversy, and many theologians reacted to Darwin's theories. For example, in his 1874 work "What is Darwinism?" the theologian Charles Hodge argued that Darwin's theories were like atheism. Thomas Henry Huxley, added to the controversy when he wrote that Christianity is a "...compound of some of the best and some of the worst elements of Paganism and Judaism. [influenced by] certain people of the Western world..." Perhaps the most uncompromising of the evolutionary philosophers was Ernst Haeckel, who dogmatically affirmed that nothing spiritual exists.

A fundamental change in the Protestant objections to evolution occurred after about 1875. Previously, citing Louis Agassiz and other scientific luminaries, Protestant contributors to religious quarterlies dismissed Darwin's theories as unscientific. After 1875, it became clear that the majority of naturalists were in favor of evolution, and a sizable minority of these Protestant contributors rejected Darwin's theory because it called into question the veracity of Scriptures. Even so, virtually none of these dissenters insisted on a young Earth.

The greatest concern for creationists in the late 19th century was the issue of human ancestry. In the words of an 1896 religious tract:

Creationists during this period were largely premillennialists; their belief in Christ's return depended on a quasi-literal reading of the Bible. However, they were not as concerned about geology, freely granting scientists any time they needed before the Edenic creation to account for scientific observations, such as fossils and geological findings. In the immediate post-Darwinian era, few scientists or clerics rejected the antiquity of the earth or the progressive nature of the fossil record. Likewise, few attached geological significance to the Biblical flood, unlike subsequent creationists. Evolutionary skeptics, creationist leaders and skeptical scientists were usually either willing to adopt a figurative reading of the first chapter of Genesis, or allowed that the six days of creation were not necessarily 24-hour days.

The reaction in the United States matched the developments in Britain, and when Alfred Russel Wallace went there for a lecture tour in 1886–1887 his explanations of "Darwinism" were welcomed without any problems, but attitudes changed after the First World War. The controversy became political when public schools began teaching that man evolved from earlier forms of life per Darwin's theory of natural selection. In response, the U.S. state of Tennessee passed the Butler Act of 1925 prohibiting the teaching of any theory of the origins of humans that contradicted the teachings of the Bible. This law was tested in the highly publicized Scopes Trial of 1925. The law was upheld by the Tennessee Supreme Court, and remained on the books until 1967 when it was repealed. In 1968, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in "Epperson v. Arkansas" that banning the teaching of specific theories contravened the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution because their primary purpose was religious.

John C. Whitcomb and Henry M. Morris' influential "The Genesis Flood: The Biblical Record and Its Scientific Implications" was published in 1961. The authors argued that creation was literally six days long, that humans lived at the same time as dinosaurs, and that God created each kind of life. When it was published, Morris became a popular speaker, spreading anti-evolutionary ideas at fundamentalist churches, colleges, and conferences. Morris set up the Creation Science Research Center , an organization dominated by Baptists, as part of the Christian Heritage College. The CSRC rushed publication of biology text books that promoted creationism. These efforts were against the recommendations of Morris, who urged a more cautious and scientific approach. Ultimately, the CSRC broke up, and Morris founded the Institute for Creation Research in 1970. Morris promised that the ICR, unlike the CSRC, would be controlled and operated by scientists. During this time, Morris and others who supported flood geology, adopted the scientific sounding terms "scientific creationism" and "creation science". The flood geologists effectively co-opted "the generic creationist label for their hyperliteralist views." Previously, "creationism" was a generic term describing a philosophical perspective that presupposes the existence of a supernatural creator.

Among the first recorded responses of a prominent Roman Catholic clergyman to Darwin's theory was that of the Blessed John Henry Newman, who in 1868, in a letter to a fellow priest, made the following comments:
Some point to the fact that before ordination all Catholic priests have to study the teachings of Thomas Aquinas, who subscribed to an Aristotelian view of evolution, in which he says that animal species evolve by means of mutations and natural law.

More recent statements have been made by Pope John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI that also support a theistic understanding of evolution.

The controversy continues to this day. Creationist organizations actively attack the scientific consensus on the origins and evolution of life. Many religious groups want to promote other forms of creationism (usually young Earth creationism, creation science, old Earth creationism or intelligent design ) as an alternative. Most of these groups are explicitly Christian, and more than one sees the debate as part of the Christian mandate to evangelize.

Some see science and religion as views that are so different that they cannot be reconciled. Mainstream churches and some scientists consider science and religion to be separate categories of thought, which ask fundamentally different questions about reality and propose different ways of investigating it.

More recently, the intelligent design movement has taken an anti-evolution position which avoids any direct appeal to religion. Leonard Krishtalka, a paleontologist and an opponent of the movement, has called intelligent design "nothing more than creationism in a cheap tuxedo," and, in "Kitzmiller v.Dover Area School District" (2005) United States District Judge John E. Jones III ruled that "intelligent design is not science," but is "grounded in theology" and "cannot uncouple itself from its creationist, and thus religious, antecedents." Before the trial began, U.S. President George W. Bush commented endorsing the teaching of intelligent design alongside evolution "I felt like both sides ought to be properly taught ... so people can understand what the debate is about." Scientists argue that intelligent design does not represent any research program within the scientific community, and is opposed by most of the same groups who oppose creationism.


The Green Book (Muammar Gaddafi)

The Green Book ( al-Kitāb al-Aḫḍar) is a book written by Muammar al-Gaddafi, who was the leader of Libya until 2011. It explains his social and political philosophy. He wanted everyone to read the book because he believed that his philosophy could make the world a better place. It was first published in 1975.
"The Green Book" was very important in Libya. Schoolchildren would spend 2 hours a week learning about it.
By 1993, colleges all around the world were having lectures and seminars about The Green Book.

The books has 110 pages. It is divided into 3 parts:

The book is against both capitalism and communism. Gaddafi was against communism because he thought it was not respectful to religion. Instead, he promoted Islamic socialism.

It also rejects representative democracy.

The table below gives a chapter-by-chapter summary of the book:

A lot of people thought that Gadaffi didn't do a good job writing the book. They thought that the book was a bunch of proverbs rather than something with new and unique ideas or a strong argument.


Cheesman's big-eyed tree frog

Cheesman's big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes cheesmani") is a tree frog from southeastern Papua New Guinea.

The adult male frog is 47.6 to 56.5 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 54.7 to 65.0 mm long. It can be light brown to dark brown or green-brown in color. It has very dark eyes. It has purple color on some parts of its body. It has vomerine teeth in its upper jaw.

Scientists found this frog in streams in forests that were open enough for the sunlight to come through.

In 2020, the International Commission of Zoological Nomenclature considered calling the frog "cheesmanae" but decided not to.

Flat-headed cat

The flat-headed cat ("Prionailurus planiceps") is a wildcat that lives in Indonesia and Malaysia. It used to live in Thailand but may be extinct there.

This cat is 45 to 52 cm long (18 to 20 inches) and its tail is another 12 to 17 cm long (4.7 to 7 inches). It weights 1.5 to 2.5 kilograms (3.3 to 5.5 pounds). It is about the size of a domestic cat but its legs and tail are shorter, its body is longer, its paws are rounder, and its head is flatter. Its fur is red-brown and dark brown and it has white marks on its face and a white belly. Unlike most cats' claws, the flat-headed cat's claws do not retract all the way.

The flat-headed cat lives in low rainforests, swamps, lakes, and forests with rivers in them. It catches its food in the water, and its body helps: Its teeth point backwards in its mouth so fish cannot get away. Its jaws are longer and narrower than other cats' jaws. It has some webbing between its toes.

Some scientists think this cat likes water even more than the fishing cat does. When some scientists studying apes caught a flat-headed cat by accident, they let it go between a forest and a river. The cat ran to the river and dove in instead of running to the trees to hide. The scientists thought that the cat felt safer in the water than in the trees.

Like other cats, the flat-headed cat sprays urine to mark its territory, but while other cats stand up and spray onto a tall object like a tree. The flat-headed cat crouches down and sprays while it walks, leaving its urine on the ground.

The flat-headed cat is pregnant for 56 days. Female cats have one to four kittens at a time. In zoos, a flat-headed cat can live 14 years.

Flat-headed cats are endangered because of pollution and because humans catch too many fish but mostly because humans have cut down the forests to build farms. Flat-headed cats like forests that are not too far above sea level, and this makes good farmland, so humans want it. Some scientists think that flat-headed cats can live in forests that have grown back after being cut down. Scientists do not think the flat-headed cat can hunt and live near farms the way the Iriomote cat does.

Disney+ Hotstar

Disney+ Hotstar (known as Hotstar outside India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand), is an Indian over-the-top streaming service owned by Novi Digital Entertainment, a part of Disney's Star India. It has two paid subscription plans— "VIP", which has programmes from India and sports content (including Indian Premier League cricket), and "Premium" with movies and television series (including HBO, Showtime and other American original series) from other countries. , Disney+ Hotstar has at least 300 million active users. 

Beginning 1 September 2021, Hotstar discontinued in the United States and all of its content is moved into Hulu.

Marvin Rees

Marvin Johnathan Rees (born April 1972) is a British politician. Since May 2016, he has served as mayor of Bristol. He is a member of the Labour Party.

Rees grew up in Bristol. He is mixed race. His mother is British, and his father is Jamaican. He is married and has three children.

J. I. Packer

James Innell Packer (July 22, 1926 – July 17, 2020), usually cited as J. I. Packer, was an English-born Canadian evangelical theologian in the low-church Anglican and Calvinist traditions. He was as the Board of Governors' Professor of Theology at Regent College in Vancouver, British Columbia. He was thought to be one of the most influential evangelicals in North America. He had been the theologian emeritus of the Anglican Church in North America. Packer was born in Twyning, England.

Packer died on 17 July 2020 in Vancouver, British Columbia at the age of 93.

Alex McCool

Alex A. McCool Jr. (December 10, 1923 – July 14, 2020) was an American scientist. He was a manager of the Space Shuttle Projects Office at the NASA George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. He worked on several space developments including Skylab and the Space Shuttle program. He was born in Daytona Beach, Florida.

McCool died on July 14, 2020 in Huntsville, aged 96.

José Paulo de Andrade

José Paulo de Andrade (18 May 1942 – 17 July 2020) was a Brazilian journalist. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. He was also a radio personality and television presenter. He presented the radio programs "O Pulo do Gato" and "Jornal da Bandeirantes Gente" from Rádio Bandeirantes São Paulo. 

Andrade died on 17 July 2020 in São Paulo from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and COVID-19, aged 78.

Time Out Group

Time Out Group is a global media and entertainment company. It includes websites, mobile editions, magazines, live events and markets. Time Out covers events, entertainment and culture in cities across the world.

Time Out Group also gives entertainment, food, and drink recommendations to an international audience through print and digital platforms. Time Out was created in 1968, by founder Tony Elliott.

Barry Jarman

Barrington Noel Jarman OAM (17 February 1936 – 18 July 2020) was an Australian Test cricketer and International Cricket Council (ICC) match referee. He was born in Hindmarsh South Australia. Jarman made his South Australian district cricket debut as a 14-year-old wicket-keeper. 

Fourteen months and seven first-class matches later he was selected in the Australian team touring New Zealand, where he played in the unofficial Test series.

In 1997 he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia "for service to sport as a cricket player, coach and international cricket referee, and to horseracing in South Australia".

Jarman died on 18 July 2020, aged 84.

Igor Chernykh

Igor Anatolievich Chernykh (June 12, 1932 – July 15, 2020) was a Russian cinematographer. He worked for Mosfilm. Chernykh was honored with Honored Artist of the RSFSR in 1988. He was best known for his works in "The Diamond Arm", "Particularly Important Task" and "Private Detective, or Operation Cooperation".

Chernykh died on July 15, 2020 in Moscow from COVID-19, aged 88.

Muhammad Mohaiminul Islam

Muhammad Mohaiminul Islam (11 September 1941 – 14 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi military officer. He was chief of staff of Bangladesh Navy from 5 June 1991 to 3 June 1995. He was born in Kolaghat, Bengal.

Islam died from COVID-19 in Dhaka on 16 July 2020, aged 78.

Parliament of Sri Lanka

The Parliament of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකා පාර්ලිමේන්තුව "Shri Lanka Parlimenthuwa", Tamil: இலங்கை நாடாளுமன்றம்) is the supreme legislative body of Sri Lanka. It is legislative supremacy. It is modeled after the British Parliament.

It is made up of 225 members known as Members of Parliament (MPs). 

Ashoka Wadigamangawa

A. H. M. Ashoka Premlal Wadigamangawa also spelt as Asoka Wadigamangawa () () (7 January 1952 – 5 July 2020) was a Sri Lankan politician. He represented the United National Party, Sri Lanka Freedom Party and United People's Freedom Alliance during his political career. He was a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka between 1989 to 1994. 

Wadigamangawa died in a car crash on 5 July 2020, aged 68.

Tong Binggang

Tong Binggang (; September 28, 1927 – July 9, 2020) was a Chinese physicist. He was an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). He was born in Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu. In 1961, he was transferred to the University of Science and Technology of China, where he was promoted to full professor in 1981. 

Tong died on 9 July 2020 in Beijing, aged 92.

Ed Wild

Leonard Edwin Wild (22 January 1935 – 10 July 2020) was a Canadian basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Wild died on 10 July 2020 in Vancouver, aged 85.


Dick Williams (magician)

Dick Williams (17 July 1927 – 10 July 2020) was an American television and radio presenter and magician. He held the Guinness World Record for hosting the longest-running television magic show in the world. He was known under the name "Mr Magic" he presented the show "Magicland" on WMC-TV in Tennessee from 1966 until his retirement in 1989. He was born in Kansas.

Williams died on 10 July 2020, aged 92.

Elizabeth Harrower (writer)

Elizabeth Harrower (8 February 1928 – 7 July 2020) was an Australian novelist and short story writer. She was known as "one of the great novelists of Sydney". She was born in Sydney. Her best known works were "Down in the City", "The Watch Tower" and "In Certain Circles".

Harrower died on 7 July 2020 in Sydney, aged 92.

Luis Arias Graziani

Luis Alfonso Arias Graziani (21 April 1926 – 13 July 2020) was a Peruvian military official and politician. He was born in the Yungay Province, Peru. He was an Air Force general in Peru. 

He was a key member of the Francisco Morales-Bermúdez cabinet. He was the Minister of Commerce between 1974 to 1977 and Minister of Defence between 1978 to 1980. In 1979, he was Chief of the Joint Command. 

Arias Graziani died on 13 July 2020 in Lima from COVID-19, aged 94.

Santiago Manuin Valera

Santiago Manuin Valera (1 January 1957 – 1 July 2020) was a Peruvian human rights activist and indigenous leader. He was born in Condorcanqui Province, Peru. He was a key leader of the Aguaruna people in Peru. He was President of the Committee for the Struggle for Respect for Indigenous Peoples of the Condorcanqui.

He was a critic of the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement.

Manuin Valera died on 1 July 2020 from COVID-19 in Chiclayo, Peru at the age of 63.

Seyfi Dursunoğlu

Seyfi Dursunoğlu (1 October 1932 – 17 July 2020), also known by his stage name Huysuz Virjin ("Grumpy Virgin"), was a Turkish comedian and television presenter. He was born in Trabzon, Turkey. He was known for hosting "Huysuz'la Dans Eder misin?" on Show TV. He also was a judge on "Benzemez Kimse Sana".

Dursunoğlu died of pneumonia caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on 17 July 2020 in Istanbul, aged 87.

Marian Więckowski

Marian Więckowski (8 September 1933 – 17 July 2020) was a Polish racing cyclist. He won the Tour de Pologne in 1954, 1955 and 1956. He was born in Warsaw.

Więckowski died on 17 July 2020 in Warsaw, aged 86.

Huey Lewis

Hugh Anthony Cregg III (born July 5, 1950), better known as Huey Lewis, is an American singer, songwriter and actor. For his band, Huey Lewis and the News, he is the lead singer and plays harmonica. The group is known for their third best-selling album "Sports" and work on the soundtrack of the movie "Back to the Future" (1985). He was also a member of the band Clover from 1972 to 1979.

Lewis was born in New York City. He grew up in Marin County, California. His Irish-American father, Hugh Anthony Cregg Jr., was from Boston. His Polish mother, Maria Magdalena Barcinski, was from Warsaw. His grandfather, Hugh Cregg, was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician.

Lewis has two children with Sidney Conroy. The couple's marriage ended in divorce. He has Ménière's disease. Lewis lives in Stevensville, Montana.

Stevensville, Montana

Stevensville is a town in Ravalli County, Montana, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 2,002.

Ekaterina Alexandrovskaya

Ekaterina Dmitriyevna Alexandrovskaya (; 1 January 2000 – 17 July 2020) was a Russian-Australian pair skater. With skating partner, Harley Windsor, she was the 2017 CS Tallinn Trophy champion, the 2017 CS Nebelhorn Trophy bronze medallist, the 2018 CS U.S. Classic bronze medallist and a two-time Australian national champion (2016 and 2018).

Alexandrovskaya was born in Moscow. She became an Australian citizen in October 2017. On 17 July 2020, she killed herself in Moscow at the age of 20.

Henrik Ripa

Henrik Ripa (14 May 1968 – 12 July 2020) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Swedish Parliament from 2010 to 2014. Ripa represented the northern constituency of Västra Götaland. Between 1998 and 2010 he was chairman of the municipality of Lerum.

Ripa died on 12 July 2020, aged 52.

Roger Côté

Roger Côté (December 22, 1939 – July 16, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 155 games in the World Hockey Association for the Edmonton Oilers and Indianapolis Racers. Côté was born in Belleterre, Quebec.

He died on 16 July 2020, aged 80.

Derek Ho

Derek Ho (September 26, 1964 — July 17, 2020) was an American surfer. He won the World Surf League championship in 1993. Ho was born in Kailua, Hawaii.

On July 17, 2020, Derek Ho suffered a heart attack and died at a Honolulu hospital, aged 55.

Alefoso Yalayalatabua

Alefoso Yalayalatabua (22 January 1977 – 18 July 2020) was a Fijian rugby union player. He played as a prop. He played for Fiji Warriors. He was born in Suva, Fiji. Yalayalatabua was first capped for Fiji. He was in his country's squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing a single game.

Yalayalatabua died on 18 July 2020, aged 43.

Ashraf Hossain

Ashraf Hossain ( – 18 July 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad between 1991 to 1996 and again from 2006 to 2008. Hossain was born in Dhaka.

Hossain died on 18 July 2020 at a hospital in Dhaka from cancer, aged 79.

Haruma Miura

Miura was found dead at his home in Tokyo on July 18, 2020 at the age of 30. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.

Manuel C. Sobreviñas

Manuel Cruz Sobreviñas (7 April 1924 – 18 July 2020) was a Filipino prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Dinalupihan, Philippines. He was ordained a priest on March 10, 1951. Sobreviñas was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Manila on April 7, 1979. On February 25, 1993 he was appointed bishop to the Diocese of Imus until retirement on October 22, 2001.

Sobreviñas died on 18 July 2020 at a hospital in Manila, aged 96.

West Hazleton, Pennsylvania

West Hazleton is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, south of Wilkes Barre. The population was 5,163 as of the 2020 census.

Donnie Brasco (movie)

Donnie Brasco is a 1997 American crime drama movie directed by Mike Newell. It stars Al Pacino and Johnny Depp. Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby, James Russo, and Anne Heche appeared in supporting roles. It is based on the 1988 nonfiction book "" by Joseph D. Pistone.

It was nominated for an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Joseph D. Pistone

Joseph Dominick Pistone (born September 17, 1939), also known by his undercover alias Donnie Brasco, is an American former FBI agent.

He worked undercover between September 1976 and July 1981 as part of an undercover job into the Bonanno crime family and the Colombo crime family, two of the Five Families of the Mafia in New York City. 

Pistone was an FBI agent for 17 years, from 1969 until he resigned in 1986. The evidence collected by Pistone led to over 200 indictments and over 100 convictions of Mafia members.

Colombo crime family

The Colombo crime family (pronounced ) is the youngest of the "Five Families" that was a large important group in organized crime activities in New York City, United States. 

It was during Lucky Luciano's organization of the American Mafia after the Castellammarese War, and the assassinations of Giuseppe "Joe The Boss" Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano, that the gang run by Joseph Profaci was known as the Profaci crime family.

Profaci would rule his family without interruption or challenge until the late 1950s. The family has been torn by three internal wars. 

Bonanno crime family

The Bonanno crime family (pronounced ) is one of the "Five Families" that dominate organized crime activities in New York City, and in the United States.

The family was known as the Maranzano crime family until its founder Salvatore Maranzano was murdered in 1931. 

Joseph Bonanno was awarded most of Maranzano's operations. Under the leadership of Bonanno between the 1930s and 1960s, the family was one of the most powerful in the country. In the early 1960s, Bonanno tried to kill several leaders of the Commission, but failed.

Bonanno had disappeared from 1964 to 1966. Between 1976 and 1981, the family was spied by an FBI agent calling himself Donnie Brasco, the family became the first of the New York families to be kicked off the Commission. 

Lucchese crime family

The Lucchese crime family (pronounced ) is one of the "Five Families" that were key figures organized crime activities in New York City, United States.

The family originated in the early 1920s with Gaetano Reina serving as boss up until his murder in 1930. It was taken over by Tommy Gagliano during the Castellammarese War, and led by him until his death in 1951. 

Known as the Gagliano crime family under Gagliano, was peaceful and low key. The next boss was Tommy Lucchese who served as Gagliano's underboss for over 20 years, who turned the family around to become one of the most powerful families to sit on the Commission. Lucchese teamed up with Gambino crime family boss Carlo Gambino to control organized crime in New York City. 

When Lucchese died of a brain tumor in 1967, Carmine Tramunti controlled the family for a short time. He was arrested in 1973 for funding a major heroin network and died five years later. Anthony Corallo then gained control of the family. Co

Spellbound (1945 movie)

Spellbound is a 1945 American romantic psychological thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and based on the 1927 novel "The House of Dr. Edwardes" by Hilary Saint George Saunders and John Palmer. It stars Ingrid Bergman, Gregory Peck, Michael Chekhov, Leo G. Carroll, Rhonda Fleming, Norman Lloyd and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1946.


Grethe Ryen

Grethe Ryen (24 November 1949 – 5 July 2020) was a Norwegian actress. She played at the Norwegian touring theatre Riksteatret from 1974 to 1975, Teatret Vårt from 1975 to 1977, and, after 1977, at Det Norske Teatret. She appeared many movies such as "Karjolsteinen" and "Den sommeren jeg fylte 15". She was born in Oslo.

Ryen died on 5 July 2020 in Oslo, aged 70.

Ali Mirzaei

Ali Mirzaei (, 28 January 1929 – 18 July 2020) was an Iranian weightlifter. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal. He was born in Tehran. He also competed at the 1951 and 1954 World Weightlifting Championships. He also participated at the Asian Games in 1951.

Mirzaei died on 18 July 2020 in Tehran, aged 91.


Jope Ruonansuu

Jorma Olavi "Jope" Ruonansuu (15 April 1964 – 18 July 2020) was a Finnish actor, impressionist, musician and stand-up comedian. He was born in Kemi, Finland. He won the Best performer Venla award in 2010. In 2005, he began hosting the comedy sketch show "Jopet Show".

Ruonansuu was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2018. He died on 18 July 2020 in Helsinki from the disease, aged 56.

Unicoi County, Tennessee

Unicoi County () is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,928. Its county seat is Erwin. "Unicoi" is a Cherokee word meaning "white".

Bristol, Tennessee

Bristol is a city in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. Its population was 27,147 at the 2020 census. It is the twin city of Bristol, Virginia, which lies directly across the state line between Tennessee and Virginia. The boundary between the two cities is also the state line, which runs along State Street in their common downtown district. Bristol is a principal city of the Kingsport−Bristol−Bristol, TN-VA metropolitan statistical area, which is a component of the Johnson City−Kingsport−Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area − commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Bristol is probably best known for being the site of some of the first commercial recordings of country music. The U.S. Congress declared Bristol as the "Birthplace of Country Music" in 1998, and the Birthplace of Country Music Museum is located in Bristol. It also is the birthplace of Tennessee Ernie Ford.

Bristol is also the site of Bristol Motor Speedway, a NASCAR racetrack that is one of the best-known in the country.

Before 1852, Bristol was owned by Reverend James King. His son-in-law, Mr. Joseph R. Anderson, bought 100 acres of the plantation, and named it Bristol after Bristol, Connecticut. The G.W. Blackley House, one of the oldest houses in Bristol, was constructed in 1869.

Television:
Note-WEMT is licensed to Greeneville, Tennessee, but co-located with sister station WCYB-TV.


Sullivan County, Tennessee

Sullivan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 158,163. Its county seat is Blountville.

California State Capitol

The California State Capitol is a government building in Sacramento, California. It is the place where the California State Legislature meets. It also has the office of the Governor of California. The building was built between 1861 and 1874. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It was also listed as a California Historical Landmark in 1974 and 1982. The building was damaged by two earthquakes in 1892. Repairs were done between 1975 and 1982 to fix the damage. The building is tall to the top of the dome.

Blountville, Tennessee

Blountville is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,120 at the 2020 census. It is the only Tennessee county seat not to be an incorporated city or town.

Hawkins County, Tennessee

Hawkins County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 56,721. Its county seat is Rogersville. 

Rogersville, Tennessee

Rogersville is a town in, and the county seat of, Hawkins County, Tennessee, United States. It was settled in 1775 by the grandparents of Davy Crockett, and is the second-oldest town in the state. The population of Rogersville as of the 2020 census was 4,671.

Olavo de Carvalho

Olavo Luiz Pimentel de Carvalho (29 April 1947 – 24 January 2022) was a Brazilian polemicist, philosopher, political pundit, former astrologer and journalist.

In the 1980s and 1990s, he become known for writing columns for some of Brazil's major media outlets, such as the newspaper "O Globo". In the 2000s, he began to use personal blogs and social media to convey his strongly conservative and anti-communist ideas.

Carvalho spread the false conspiracy theory that Barack Obama was not born in the United States. He also made up the fake information that a book written by Fernando Haddad, the opponent of Jair Bolsonaro during the 2018 Brazilian general election, supported incest.

In a 2016 Twitter post, Carvalho said that "vaccines either kill you or drive you crazy. Never vaccinate your children."

In a January 2021 interview, Carvalho falsely claimed that election fraud took place in the 2020 American presidential election. During the same interview Carvalho falsely said that Joe Biden had Parkinson's disease and that Biden and Kamala Harris were working for the Chinese government.

In 2005, he moved to Richmond, Virginia.

Carvalho died of COVID-19 in Richmond on 24 January 2022, aged 74.

Porte-de-Benauge

Porte-de-Benauge is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Arbis (the seat) and Cantois.

Margaux-Cantenac

Margaux-Cantenac is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Margaux (the seat) and Cantenac.

To Live and Die in L.A.

To Live and Die in L.A. is a 1985 American neo-noir action thriller movie set in Los Angeles and was directed by William Friedkin. It stars William Petersen, Willem Dafoe, John Pankow and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Bug (2006 movie)

Bug is a 2006 American German psychological horror movie directed by William Friedkin and is based on the 1996 play of the same name by Tracy Letts who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Ashley Judd, Michael Shannon, Lynn Collins, Brían F. O'Byrne, Harry Connick Jr. and was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment.



St Margaret's, Westminster

The Church of St Margaret, Westminster Abbey is an Anglican church in Westminster, London, England. It is in the grounds of Westminster Abbey next to the Palace of Westminster. It was the church of the House of Commons since 1614 - 1972. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site called "Palace of Westminster, Westminster Abbey and Saint Margaret's Church". The church was first started in the 12th century by Benedictine monks. The building that stands now was built between 1486 and 1523. The church is dedicated to Margaret of Antioch.

St. Margaret's is the parish church for this part of Westminster. Other grand ecclesiastical places in the area do not perform this function. Until modern times, Westminster had large numbers of ordinary people living in the parish who could not, or did not, use the grand churches for their spiritual needs.


About Endlessness

About Endlessness () is a 2019 Swedish German Norwegian drama movie directed by Roy Andersson and stars Ania Nova, Lesley Leichtweis Bernardi, Martin Serner, Tatiana Delaunay, Jan-Eje Ferling, Thore Flygel, Karin Engman, Magnus Wallgren. In 2019, it won the Silver Lion for Best Direction at the Venice Film Festival.


Val-de-Livenne

Val-de-Livenne is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye (the seat) and Marcillac.

Castets et Castillon

Castets et Castillon is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Castets-en-Dorthe (the seat) and Castillon-de-Castets.

Onslow County, North Carolina

Onslow County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 204,576 people lived there. Its county seat is Jacksonville.

Wayne County, North Carolina

Wayne County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 117,333 people lived there. Its county seat is Goldsboro It is the home to Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.

Altenkirchen

Altenkirchen is a town in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is the capital of the district of Altenkirchen. As of 2018, 6,263 people lived there.


Olpe, Germany

Olpe is a town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is the capital of the district of Olpe.

Hingstheide

Hingstheide is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Betzdorf, Luxembourg

Betzdorf () is a commune and town in eastern Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 4,002 people live here.

Flaxweiler

Flaxweiler () is a commune and town in southeastern Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 2,145 people live here.

Junglinster

Junglinster () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 7,802 people live here.

Mareike Miller

Mareike Miller (born 3 August 1990) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

Manternach

Manternach is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 2,163 people live here.

Mertert

Mertert () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 4,563 people live here.

Wormeldange

Wormeldange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher.

As of 2019, 2,921 people live here.

Boulaide

Boulaide (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz.

As of 2019, 1,307 people live here.

Differdange

Differdange (, ) is a commune with town status in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 26,796 people live here.

Esch-sur-Sûre

Esch-sur-Sûre (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz. As of 2019, 2,715 people live there.

On 1 January 2012, the former communes of Heiderscheid and Neunhausen merged to form the commune of Esch-sur-Sûre.

Goesdorf

Goesdorf () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz.

As of 2019, 1,542 people lived here.

Kiischpelt

Kiischpelt is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz. The administrative center is Wilwerwiltz.

Kiischpelt was created on 1 January 2006 from the former communes of Kautenbach and Wilwerwiltz.

As of 2019, 1,201 people live here.

Lac de la Haute-Sûre

Lac de la Haute-Sûre (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz.

As of 2019, 1,952 people live here.

Winseler

Winseler () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz.

As of 2019, 1,365 people live here.

Käerjeng

Käerjeng is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen. It was created on 1 January 2012 from the former communes of Bascharage and Clemency.

As of 2019, 10,409 people live here.

Dippach

Dippach () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 4,333 people live here.

Bascharage

Bascharage (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Capellen.

Since 2012, it is part of the new commune of Käerjeng.

Porum, Oklahoma

Porum is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bertrange

Bertrange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 8,282 people live here.

Johanna Welin

Johanna Welin (born 24 June 1984) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Contern

Contern () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg. As of 2021, 3,968 people in the commune of Contern but the town itself in the middle of the commune is home to 1743 people as of 2022. The other villages in Contern are Moutfort, Oetrange, Medingen and Milbech. Contern also has various hamlets

The Romans settled the country of Luxembourg in the BC era and at some point a road was constructed between Luxembourg City and Dalheim. This road passed through what is today within the borders of the commune of Contern and also through the settlement of Faerschthaff. The Construction of this road saw a bridge of the Trudlerbaach River constructed, which still remains today. There is no proof that the settlement of Contern was founded during roman times, although it is widely believed so. The name Contern was first seen in a charter in 879/880/903/904 AD, although its first official listing was in 1128 and it is almost certain Contern dated back to the Era. In the 14th century it was wirtten as "Guntrein." Contern in the 13th century got a lot of influence from Christianity and Chivalry. At this time Contern became a parish and has its church built. From 1945 onwards, Contern's municipal structure was made up of Contern, Oetrange, Moutfort and Medingen. The Commune of Contern has existed since the 19th century

Contern was formed as a parish in 1621. Later in 1684, neighbouring Oetrange became a parish and in 1707, Moutfort followed. At the time, the parish of Contern had no Lieu-dits although Oetrange was home to the settlement of Kackerterhaff. Moutfort was home to the setlements of Medingen and Millbech as well as the Moulin the Millbech and the farmstead of Pleitrange. By 1796 Contern was founded as an Arrondissement, this was home to several localities:

Contern remained as an Arrondissement in the sense that it was formed in, in 1796 up until 1912, The exact time the commune as it is called today was formed is unknown, however the first census data from the commune dates back to 1821, so the commune is older than that. The parish of Oetrange was absorbed into the parish of Moutfort in 1946, shortly after in 1948, the parishes of Contern and Moutfort were effectively dissolved.

Early mentions in newspapers of Contern can be traced back to 1842, where it was mentioned in a long list of communes, although both the settlement and name have been seen far further back. Further mentions happened in 1844, following the death of John the Blind, signatures were collected from many communes, some came from Contern, it was document across multiple lists.

By 2001, the commune of Contern had a population of 3082, with the town itself having just 1065, the second largest in the commune. Also in 2001, Contern joined the Climate Alliance of European cities.

Although no prominent archaeological sites or artifacts date back to the Celtic times, plenty has been left over since the Romans including some housing and remnants of an aqueduct. The most prominent thing from the Romans however is the Gallo-Roman villa, it stood on the current site of the town and there are still remains of it to this day.

Following World War II, the Luxembourgers had strong distaste for their former German overseers. This was why almost every place in the country was renamed from its original Luxembourgish name of German origin, to that of French origin without changing too much. Contern's name would have stayed Conter if it weren't for the French pronunciation of "er" being far too strong, thus an "n" was added on the end. It could have been possible to have followed what places like Hesperange did, but in the end it stuck to the name Contern. In the modern era, to encourage more Luxembougish in the commune, many documents and signs use "Conter" instead of Contern.

Conter has long been a target of many pilgrimages. In Contern, the sacred Walburga was offered to heal "evil eyes" or to do something against the "evil gaze". The Luxembourgish dialect poet Jakob Diedenhoven describes the course of these pilgrimages in an ironic way in 1830 in his "prayer for Conter":

In 2020 the commune of Contern had a population of 3939, with a population density of around 188 people per square kilometer. The town itself had a population of 1743 which is far higher than what it had in the 2001 census of 1065.

Population of the entire commune 1821-2021
The E29 runs from Contern through Moutfort to Luxembourg City. Other smaller roads link Moutfort with the rest of the commune. Contern is served by many different bus routes. Many other towns within the commune are also served by these routes. CFL Line 30 provided train access to Contern. It runs through the commune with 2 stations in Sandweiler-Contern and Oetrange. There is also a freight railway which connects Oetrange with Berchem avoiding Luxembourg City.

Hesperange

Hesperange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 15,479 people live here.

Simone Kues

Simone Kues (born 8 November 1976) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Anne Patzwald

Anne Patzwald (born 17 February 1985) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She played for Hamburger SV. 

Annika Zeyen

Annika Zeyen (born 17 February 1985) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Biełarus

Belarus (, , literally, "The Belarusian") is a Belarusian newspaper in the United States. It is made from September, 20, 1950. The newspaper is printed by the Belarusian-American Association in New York.


Laura Fürst

Laura Fürst (born 23 April 1991) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

Gesche Schünemann

Gesche Schünemann (born 3 August 1990) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Maya Lindholm

Maya Lindholm (born 20 December 1990) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

Annabel Breuer

Annabel Breuer (born 23 October 1992) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2011 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Sourdough

Sourdough bread is made by the fermentation of dough using naturally occurring lactobacilli and yeast. It uses biological leavening rather than cultivated baker's yeast. The lactic acid produced by the lactobacilli gives it a more sour taste and improved keeping qualities.

In the "Encyclopedia of Food Microbiology", Michael Gaenzle writes: "The origins of bread-making are so ancient that everything said about them must be pure speculation. One of the oldest sourdough breads dates from 3700 BCE and was excavated in Switzerland, but the origin of sourdough fermentation likely relates to the origin of agriculture in the Fertile Crescent several thousand years earlier ... Bread production relied on the use of sourdough as a leavening agent for most of human history; the use of baker's yeast as a leavening agent dates back less than 150 years."

Pliny the Elder described the sourdough method in his "Natural History":
Sourdough remained the usual form of leavening down into the European Middle Ages. In modern times, barm from the beer brewing process replaced it, at first. Later, there was specially grown yeast.

Bread made from 100% rye flour is popular in the northern half of Europe. It is usually leavened with sourdough. Baker's yeast is not useful as a leavening agent for rye bread, because rye does not contain enough gluten. The structure of rye bread is based primarily on the starch in the flour, as well as other carbohydrates known as pentosans. however, rye amylase is active at much higher temperatures than wheat amylase, causing the structure of the bread to disintegrate as the starches are broken down during cooking. The lowered pH of a sourdough starter, therefore, inactivates the amylases when heat cannot, allowing the carbohydrates in the bread to gel and set properly. In the southern part of Europe, where panettone was originally made with sourdough, sourdough has become less common in recent times. It has been replaced by the faster-growing baker's yeast. Sometimes longer fermentation rests are used to allow for some bacterial activity to build flavor.

In English-speaking countries, wheat-based breads are more common. Sourdough is no longer the standard method for bread leavening. It was gradually replaced, first by the use of barm from beer making, then, after the confirmation of germ theory by Louis Pasteur, by cultured yeasts. Although sourdough bread was superseded in commercial bakeries in the 20th century, it has undergone a revival among artisan bakers.

Manufacturers of non-sourdough breads make up for the lack of yeast and bacterial culture by introducing into their dough an artificially-made mix known as bread improver or flour improver.

The preparation of sourdough begins with a pre-ferment (the "starter" or "leaven", also known as the "chief", "chef", "head", "mother" or "sponge"), a fermented mixture of flour and water, containing a colony of microorganisms including wild yeast and lactobacilli. The purpose of the starter is to produce a vigorous leaven and to develop the flavour of the bread. In practice there are several kinds of starters.

Flour already contains different kinds of yeast and bacteria spores. When flour comes in contact with water, the enzyme amylase breaks down the starch into different sugars. The yeast which is part of sourdough, can use these sugars. The mixture will develop into a stable bacteria culture, which will use fermentation. The yeast will produce carbon dioxide as a by-product of fermentation, which will leaven the dough.

Obtaining a satisfactory rise from sourdough takes longer than a dough leavened with baker's yeast because the yeast in a sourdough is less vigorous. In the presence of lactic acid bacteria, however, some sourdough yeasts have been observed to produce twice the gas of baker's yeast. The acidic conditions in sourdough, along with the bacteria also producing enzymes that break down proteins, result in weaker gluten and may produce a denser finished product.

As it ferments, sometimes for several days, the volume of the starter is increased by periodic additions of flour and water, called "refreshments". As long as this starter culture is fed flour and water regularly it will remain active.

The ratio of fermented starter to fresh flour and water is critical in the development and maintenance of a starter. This ratio is called the "refreshment ratio". Higher refreshment ratios are associated with greater microbial stability in the sourdough. In San Francisco sourdough, the ratio is 40% of the total weight, which is roughly equivalent to 67% of the new-dough's weight. A high refreshment ratio keeps acidity of the refreshed dough relatively low. Acidity levels of below pH 4.0 inhibit lactobacilli and favour acid-tolerant yeasts.

A starter prepared from scratch with a salted wheat-rye dough takes about 54 hours at to stabilise at a pH between 4.4 and 4.6. 4% salt inhibits "L. sanfranciscensis", while "C. milleri" can withstand 8%.

A drier and cooler starter has less bacterial activity and more yeast growth, which results in the bacterial production of more acetic acid relative to lactic acid. Conversely, a wetter and warmer starter has more bacterial activity and less yeast growth, with more lactic acid relative to acetic acid. The yeasts produce mainly CO and ethanol. High amounts of lactic acid are desired in rye and mixed-rye fermentations, while relatively higher amounts of acetic acid are desired in wheat fermentations. A dry, cool starter produces a sourer loaf than a wet, warm one. Firm starters (such as the Flemish Desem starter, which may be buried in a large container of flour to prevent drying out) tend to be more resource-intensive than wet ones.

A stable culture in which "L. sanfranciscensis" is the dominant bacterium requires a temperature between and refreshments every 24 hours for about two weeks. Refreshment intervals of longer than three days acidify the dough and may change the microbial ecosystem.

The intervals between refreshments of the starter may be reduced in order to increase the rate of gas (CO) production, a process described as "acceleration." In this process, the ratio of yeasts to lactobacilli may be altered. Generally, if once-daily refreshment-intervals have not been reduced to several hours, the percentage amount of starter in the final dough should be reduced to obtain a satisfactory rise during proof.

Faster starter processes, requiring fewer refreshments, have been devised, sometimes using commercial sourdough starters as inoculants. These starters generally fall into two types. One is made from traditionally maintained and stable starter doughs, often dried, in which the ratios of microorganisms are uncertain. Another is made from microorganisms carefully isolated from Petri dishes, grown into large, homogeneous populations in fermentors, and processed into combined baker's products with numerically defined ratios and known quantities of microorganisms well suited to particular bread styles.

The starter must be fed 4 to 12 hours prior to being added to dough, by mixing flour and water to the starter. This creates an active leaven, which should grow in size and is ready to use when it is bubbly and floats in water. The leaven is mixed with flour and water to make a final dough of the desired consistency. The starter weight is usually 13% to 25% of the total flour weight, though formulas may vary. The dough is shaped into loaves, left to rise, and then baked. A number of 'no knead' methods are available for sourdough bread. Due to the length of time sourdough bread takes to proof, many bakers may refrigerate their loaves prior to baking. This process is known as 'retardation' to slow down the proofing process. This process has the added benefit of developing a richer flavoured bread.

Because the rise time of most sourdough starters is longer than that of breads made with baker's yeasts, sourdough starters are generally unsuitable for use in a bread machine. However, sourdough that has been proved over many hours, using a sourdough starter or mother dough, can then be transferred to the machine, utilizing only the baking segment of the bread-making program, bypassing timed mechanical kneading by the machine's paddle. This may be convenient for single loaf production, but the complex blistered and slashed crust characteristics of oven-baked sourdough bread cannot be achieved in a bread making machine, as this usually requires the use of a baking stone in the oven and misting of the dough to produce steam. Furthermore, ideal crust development requires loaves of shapes not achievable in a machine's loaf tin.


Annegret Brießmann

Annegret Brießmann (born 28 July 1972) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Marina Mohnen

Marina Mohnen (born 31 October 1978) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

Barbara Gross

Barbara Gross (born 20 November 1993) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played at the 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She played for University of Alabama.

Ilse Arts

Ilse Arts (born 7 June 1990) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, gold medal at the 2018 world championships and multiple gold medals at the European Championships (2017, 2019, 2021) 

She won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2017 Women's Wheelchair Basketball European Championship and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship (World Champions).

She is from Wijchen, Netherlands. She played association football for SC Woezik. She was injured after a motorcycle accident.

She currently plays for BBC Münsterland in the 1. Rollstuhlbasketball-Bundesliga, she transferred from the Hot Rolling Bears Essen in the 2. Rollstuhlbasketball-Bundesliga.

Sapardi Djoko Damono

Sapardi Djoko Damono (March 20, 1940 – July 19, 2020) was an Indonesian poet. He was known for lyrical poems. He was widely known as the pioneer of lyrical poetry in Indonesia. Sapardi also translated many literary works from other countries into Indonesian. These include the literary works of T.S. Eliot, Khalil Gibran and Jalaludin Rumi; his translation of Ernest Hemingway’s "The Old Man and the Sea".

Damono died in South Tangerang, Banten on July 19, 2020 from multiple organ failure, aged 80.

Lucio Urtubia

Lucio Urtubia Jiménez (18 February 1931 – 18 July 2020) was a Spanish anarchist. He was known for his anarchism. He was compared to Robin Hood. Urtubia carried out bank robberies and forgeries throughout the 1960s and 1970s. 

In the words of Albert Boadella, "Lucio is a Quijote that did not fight against wind mills, but against a true giant".

Urtubia died on July 18, 2020, aged 89.

Albert Boadella

Albert Boadella Oncins (born 30 July 1943) is a Spanish actor and playwright. He was the director of the company of the independent theater Els Joglars until 2012. Boadella was born in Barcelona.

In 2003 he wrote the screenplay and directed the movie "Buen viaje, excelencia", a caricature of the last months of life of the general Franco.

In December 2012 he was awarded the Alfonso Ussía awards in the category of Person of the Year, together with Arturo Fernández.

Henrique Soares da Costa

Henrique Soares da Costa (11 April 1963 – 18 July 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop. He was bishop of the diocese of Palmares from 2014 until 2020. He was born in Penedo, Alagoas. 

Costa died in Recife, Brazil on 18 July 2020 from COVID-19, aged 57.

Rick Reed (umpire)

Rick Alan Reed (March 3, 1950 – July 16, 2020) was an American umpire in Major League Baseball. He joined the American League staff in 1979. He worked throughout both major leagues from 2000 to 2009. He was named a crew chief in 1999. Reed wore uniform number 23. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Reed died on July 16, 2020 in Detroit at the age of 70.

Brigid Berlin

Brigid Berlin (September 6, 1939 – July 17, 2020) was an American artist and Warhol superstar. She was born in New York City. She was known for working as an artistic model for Andy Warhol. She starred as herself in the 1966 Warhol movie "Chelsea Girls".

Berlin died of cardiac arrest from a pulmonary embolism in New York City on July 17, 2020 at the age of 80.

Pierre-Marie Coty

Pierre-Marie Coty (22 November 1927 – 17 July 2020) was an Ivorian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1955. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Daloa, Ivory Coast from 1975 to 2005.

Coty died on 17 July 2020, aged 92.

Paul Morrissey

Paul Morrissey (born February 23, 1938) is an American movie director. He was born in New York City. Morrissey is best known for his works with Andy Warhol. His best known movie is "Trash" (1970).

Vishnu Raj Atreya

Vishnu Raj Atreya (; 10 November 1944 – 18 July 2020) was a Nepali writer and poet. He wrote in Nepali language, Sanskrit language and Awadhi language. He used the title "Latosaathi" () in his poetry works when his career began in 1963. He known to be the first person to start writing Haiku in Sanskrit language. Atreya was born in Kapilbastu, Nepal. He was a Professor of Navya Vyakaran in Nepal Sanskrit University for seventeen years between 1996 and 2013.

Atreya was diagnosed with gallbladder cancer in early 2019. He died on 18 July 2020 from the disease, aged 75.

S. O. Davies

Stephen Owen Davies (1886 or 1887 – 25 February 1972) was a Welsh miner, trade union official and politician. He served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Merthyr Tydfil from 1950 to 1972, and previously Merthyr from 1934 to 1950. He was a member of the Labour Party.

Davies was born in Abercwmboi, Glamorgan. In 1972, he died in Merthyr Tydfil at the age of 85.

Mazhilis

The Mazhilis (, also transliterated as Majilis; "Assembly" in Kazakh) is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Kazakhstan, known as the "Parlamenti", in the Government of Kazakhstan. 

The upper house of Parliament is the Senate of Kazakhstan. There are 107 seats (98+9). Members of Parliament are elected to five-year terms.

Parliament of Kazakhstan

The Parliament of the Republic of Kazakhstan (; ) is the bicameral legislature of Kazakhstan. The lower house is the Mazhilis, with 107 seats which are elected to four year terms. The upper house is the Senate, which has 47 members. 

As of January 2007, 10% of the parliament's representatives are women and 19% of local and city council officials are women. 

Senate of Kazakhstan

The Senate of Kazakhastan (, "Qazaqstan Parlamentiniń Senaty") is the upper house of two chambers in Kazakhstan's legislature, known as the Parliament ("Parlamenti"). The Senate is made of elected members two from each region, the city of republican importance (Almaty) and the capital city of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

Fifteen members are appointed by the President of Kazakhstan with the view to ensure representation for all the diverse national, cultural components of society.
The term of office for the members of the Senate is 6 years.

Dariga Nazarbayeva

Dariga Nursultanqyzy Nazarbayeva (, born 7 May 1963) is a Kazakh politician. She was a member of the Mazhilis from 2004 to 2007, then again from 2012 to 2015. 

From 2014, Nazarbayeva was the Deputy Chair of Mazhilis until she became a Deputy Prime Minister, where was from 2015 until she became the member of the Senate in 2016. She was the Chair of the Senate of Kazakhstan from 2019 to 2020. She is the daughter of former President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev.

Nikolai Tanayev

Nikolay Timofeyevich Tanayev (; 5 November 1945 – 19 July 2020) was a Kyrgyz politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 2002 to 2005, under President Askar Akayev.

Tanayev was an ethnic Russian. On 19 July 2020, he died in Moscow at the age of 74.

Kubatbek Boronov

Kubatbek Ayilchiyevich Boronov (, "Kubatbek Ayılçiyeviç Boronov"; born 15 December 1964) is a Kyrgyz politician. In June 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan. He resigned on 6 October 2020.

Linda Purl

Linda Purl (born September 2, 1955) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Ashley Pfister on "Happy Days", Sheila Munroe in the 1982 horror movie "Visiting Hours", Pam Beesly's mother Helene in "The Office", and Ben Matlock's daughter Charlene Matlock for the first season of the television series "Matlock".

Icelandic Phallological Museum

The Icelandic Phallological Museum () has the world's largest display of penises and penile parts. As of early 2020 the museum moved to a new location in Hafnartorg in Reykjavík, Iceland. The collection holds well over 300 penises from more than 100 species of mammal. The museum also holds 22 penises from creatures and peoples of Icelandic folklore.

In July 2011, the museum got its first human penis, however it decomposed quickly. The museum continues to search for "a younger and a bigger and better one."

It was founded in 1997 by since-then retired teacher Sigurður Hjartarson. 

The museum has become a popular tourist attraction with thousands of visitors a year and has received international media attention, including a Canadian documentary movie called "The Final Member", which is about the museum's quest to obtain a human penis.

René Carmans

René Carmans (16 March 1945 – 18 July 2020) was a Belgian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was named ‘Black Panther’ because he was always wearing black clothes. Carmans played for K.F.C. Diest from 1962 until 1975. He was the first keeper for the team from 1964 until the mid 1970s.

Carmans died on 18 July 2020 from heart disease, aged 75.

Myrzageldy Kemel

Myrzageldy Kemel (; ; 15 January 1949 – 18 July 2020) was a Kazakh writer, economist, politician and academic. He was a member of the Supreme Kenges from 1994 to 1995 and a member of the Mazhilis from 1995 to 2004. He published 10 books about spirituality. 

Kemel died on 18 July 2020, aged 71.


Inge Huitzing

Inge Huitzing (born 19 April 1974) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.


Chi Chi DeVayne

Zavion Davenport (September 24, 1985 – August 20, 2020), known by his stage name Chi Chi DeVayne, was an American drag queen and reality television personality. DeVayne became well known after she appeared on the eighth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race" and the third season of "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars".

DeVayne was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. In July 2020, she was hospitalized for kidney failure in Shreveport. DeVayne died a month later on August 20 from pneumonia at the age of 34.

Megan Thee Stallion

Megan Jovon Ruth Pete (born February 15, 1995), known professionally as Megan Thee Stallion (pronounced "Megan the Stallion"), is an American rapper and songwriter.

She has released three EPs since 2017:"Make It Hot", "Tina Snow", and "Suga". The last two mixtapes charting on the US "Billboard" 200. She released her first full-length mixtape, "Fever" in 2019.

In 2020, her single "Savage" went viral on the social media app TikTok and reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart following the release of a remix with Beyoncé. 

She has won two BET Awards, two BET Hip Hop Awards, a MTV Video Music Award, and a "Billboard" Women in Music Award.

On July 15, 2020, she had emergency surgery to remove the bullets because she had been shot. She made a full recovery.

On August 7, 2020, she released the song WAP with Cardi B.

On November 20, 2020, she released her first studio album Good News.

Wolfgard Voß

Wolfgard Voss (, Mönning, 24 June 1926 – 7 July 2020), nicknamed "Wölfi", was a German gymnast. She competed in seven events at the 1952 Summer Olympics. She was born in Oldenburg, Germany.

Voß died on 7 July 2020 in Oldenburg, aged 94.


Lucie Houwen

Lucie Houwen (born 30 October 1990) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.


Eduardo Mendoza Garriga

Eduardo Mendoza Garriga (born 11 January 1943) is a Spanish novelist. He was born in Barcelona. Between 1973 and 1982, he worked as an interpreter for the United Nations. In 1975 he published his very successful first novel, "La Verdad sobre el Caso Savolta" ("The Truth About the Savolta Case"). 

The Spanish newspaper "El País" published two of his novels in instalments, "Sin Noticias de Gurb" (No Word from Gurb, 1990) and "El Último Trayecto de Horacio Dos" ("The Last Journey of Horatio Dos", 2001), both of them science fiction comedy novels.

In 2016 he was awarded the Premio Cervantes.

Jitske Visser

Jitske Visser (born 29 October 1992) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.


Sergio Ramírez

Sergio Ramírez Mercado (; born August 5, 1942) is a Nicaraguan writer and politician. He worked in the leftist Government Junta of National Reconstruction and as Vice President of the country from 1985 to 1990 under the presidency of Daniel Ortega.

Roos Oosterbaan

Roos Oosterbaan (born 18 May 1979) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, ‎2008 Summer Paralympics, and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.


Sanne Timmerman

Sanne Timmerman (born 8 May 1992) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.


Bo Kramer

Bo Kramer (born 15 Septemper 1998) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.


Cher Korver

Cher Korver (born 11 August 1976) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics, 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.


Barbara van Bergen

Barbara van Bergen (born 9 June 1978) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player and para-alpine skier. 

She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, 2018-2019 World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup, and 2019 World Para Alpine Skiing Championships. 


Carina de Rooij

Carina de Rooij (born 10 May 1980) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship. She is a member of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation's Athlete Steering Committee.


Mariska Beijer

Mariska Beijer (born 29 June 1991) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, 2016 Summer Paralympics. and gold medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She played at the 2015 European Women's Wheelchair Basketball Championships.


Role-playing

Role-playing is changing one's behaviour to assume a role. This can be deliberately to act out an adopted role, or unconsciously to fill a social role. 

The "Oxford English Dictionary" defines role-playing as "the changing of one's behaviour to fulfill a social role". However, in the field of social psychology, the term is used more loosely:

Evelyn van Leeuwen

Evelyn van Leeuwen (born 15 May 1972) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. 

She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics, and 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.

Niederanven

Niederanven () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 6,222 people live here.

Sandweiler

Sandweiler is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 3,676 people live here.

Schuttrange

Schuttrange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 4,166 people live here.

Schuttrange consists of the four localities:

Steinsel

Steinsel () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 5,408 people live here.

Since 25 July 2019 Steinsel holds Luxembourg’s national heat record of .

Strassen, Luxembourg

Strassen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 9,589 people live here.

Walferdange

Walferdange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 8,231 people live here.

Weiler-la-Tour

Weiler-la-Tour (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Luxembourg.

As of 2019, 2,400 people live here.

Beaufort, Luxembourg

Beaufort (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach.

As of 2019, 2,802 people live here.

Bech

Bech is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach.

As of 2019, 1,259 people live here.

Berdorf

Berdorf () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach.

As of 2019, 1,794 people live here.

Consdorf

Consdorf () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach.

As of 2019, 2,024 people live here.

Mompach

Mompach () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Echternach.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Rosport to form the new commune of Rosport-Mompach.

Rosport

Rosport () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Echternach.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Mompach to form the new commune of Rosport-Mompach.

Rosport-Mompach

Rosport-Mompach () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach. It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former communes of Rosport and Mompach.

As of 2019, 3,644 people live here.

Waldbillig

Waldbillig () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Echternach.

As of 2019, 1,803 people live here.

Ralph Breaks the Internet

Ralph Breaks the Internet is a 2018 American 3D computer-animated comedy movie directed by Rich Moore and Phil Johnston. It is the sequel to the 2012 movie "Wreck-It Ralph". This movie stars John C. Reilly, Sarah Silverman, Jack McBrayer, Jane Lynch, Ed O'Neill, Alan Tudyk, Gal Gadot, Taraji P. Henson and Alfred Molina. The movie was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Putscheid

Putscheid () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Vianden.

As of 2019, 1,125 people live here.

Tandel

Tandel is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Vianden. As of 2019, 2,083 people live here.

The commune was created on 1 January 2006 from the former communes of Bastendorf (in the canton of Diekirch) and Fouhren (in the canton of Vianden).

Garnich

Garnich () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 2,167 people live here.

Hobscheid

Hobscheid () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Capellen.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Septfontaines to form the commune of Habscht.

Habscht

Habscht is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former communes of Hobscheid and Septfontaines.

As of 2019, 4,528 people live here.

Clemency, Luxembourg

Clemency (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Capellen. Since 2012, it is part of the new commune of Käerjeng.

Kehlen

Kehlen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 6,143 people live here.

Koerich

Koerich () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 2,591 people live here.

Kopstal

Kopstal () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 3,884 people live here.

Septfontaines

Septfontaines (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Capellen.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Hobscheid to form the commune of Habscht.

Steinfort

Steinfort () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen.

As of 2019, 5,281 people live here.

Beckerich

Beckerich () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 2,619 people live here.

Ell, Luxembourg

Ell is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 1,350 people live here.

Ajuran Sultanate

The Ajuran Empire (, ), also spelled Ajuuraan Empire, and often simply as Ajuran, was a Somali empire in the medieval times that dominated the Indian ocean trade. They belonged to the Somali Muslim sultanate that ruled over large parts of the Horn of Africa in the Middle Ages. Because of their centralized administration and strong military, they were able to resist an attack by the Ottoman empire. This was called Gaal Madow. The fought a number of wars with the Portugese, and were able to withstand them. After the war, trade routes were re-established or strengthened. In the coastal provinces, trade flourished. Ships sailed to and came from many kingdoms and empires in East Asia, South Asia, Europe, the Near East, North Africa and East Africa.

The empire was very important, and built many castles and fortresses. Some of them can still be seen, mostly in the southern part of Somalia. There are also a number of pillar tombs, necropolises, and cities built during that era, which are now in ruins, which are attributed to Ajuran engineers. During the Ajuran period, many regions and people in the southern part of the Horn of Africa converted to Islam because of the theocratic nature of the government. The royal family, the House of Garen, expanded its territories and established its hegemonic rule through a skillful combination of warfare, trade linkages and alliances.

The Ajuran also controlled the water resources. They built wells and cisterns on the rivers Shebelle and Jubba. Many of these wells are still working. The rulers also developed a new system of agriculture and taxation, which were used in parts of the Horn of Africa until the 19th century. The later rulers of the Ajuran were not as successful: There were rebellions, and by the late 17th century the empire had fallen apart into a number of smaller states. The most prominent of these was probably the Geledi Sultanate.

No Longer at Ease

No Longer at Ease is a novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe. It is the story of an Igbo man, Obi Okonkwo, who leaves his village for an education in Britain and then a job in the Nigerian colonial civil service. He faces a conflict between his Western lifestyle and African culture and ends up taking a bribe.

The title of the novel comes from the poem The Journey of the Magi by T.S. Eliot.

We returned to our places, these Kingdoms,<br>
But no longer at ease here,<br>
With an alien people clutching their gods.<br>
I should be glad of another death.

Obi Okonko is the grandson of Okonkwo, the main character of Achebe's first novel, "Things Fall Apart". Obi is on trial for taking a bribe.

Some members of the Umuofia Progressive Union (UPU) collect money so that Obi can go to England to study law and help his people. However, he starts studying English instead of law. He meets Clara Okeke, who is studying to be a nurse, at a dance.

Obi returns to Nigeria. He now lives with a friend in Lagos and works for the government as part of the Scholarship Board, which is responsible for giving scholarships to students. A man offers a bribe on behalf of his sister, which Obi rejects. The girl herself visits Obi and tries to bribe him with sex for a scholarship, which he also rejects.

Obi is falling in love with Clara. However, he finds out that Clara is an "osu", or outcast in Igbo society. Because of her status, he cannot marry her. His father reluctantly refuses to let him marry her because he is a Christian and wants to leave the "heathen" ways of precolonial Igbo society. His mother begs him to not marry Clara until after she dies. When Obi tells Clara this, she calls off the engagement and reveals that she is pregnant. Obi arranges for her to get an abortion. He gets more into debt because he needs to repay the UPU, fund his siblings' educations, and pay for the abortion. 

Obi becomes depressed when he finds out that his mother died. He does not go to her funeral. When he recovers, he reluctantly begins to take bribes and accepts that bribery is the way of his world.

At the end of the novel, Obi takes a bribe, which he promises to himself would be the last one he would take. This turns out to be a sting operation and he is arrested.

"No Longer at Ease" takes place several decades after "Things Fall Apart". At this point, the British are in full control of Nigeria. Obi finds that he is in the middle of a conflict between the African expectation of financially supporting his family and village and living a Western lifestyle.

Obi Okonkwo is the grandson of Okonkwo from "Things Fall Apart". Both men speak their minds and are self-destructive. While Okonkwo is a man of action, Obi is a man who doesn't take much action because he uses thoughts and words more.

Grosbous

Grosbous () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 1,089 people live here.

Dudelange

Dudelange (, ) is a commune with town status in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 21,087 people live here.

Pillar tomb

A pillar tomb is a tomb which is dominated by a single pillar or column, which is usually made of stone.

McRae, Georgia

McRae was a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It was the county seat of Telfair County. On January 1, 2015, Helena and McRae was merged to form McRae–Helena.

Locronan

Locronan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Raymondville, Texas

Raymondville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Welch, Oklahoma

Welch is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Webbers Falls, Oklahoma

Webbers Falls is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Verden, Oklahoma

Verden is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lotsee, Oklahoma

Lotsee is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Olustee, Oklahoma

Olustee is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

McCurtain, Oklahoma

McCurtain is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wynona, Oklahoma

Wynona is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Third International Theory

The Third International Theory, also known as the Third Universal Theory (), was the style of government proposed by Muammar Gaddafi in the early 1970s, on which his government, the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, was officially based. It was inspired by Islamic socialism, Arab nationalism, African nationalism and the principles of direct democracy.

The Third International Theory was meant to be an alternative to capitalism and communism, which Gaddafi felt were not appropriate for the countries of the Third World (not allies with either the US or the Soviet Union).

In 2011, the Libyan government based on this political theory was overthrown and Gaddafi was killed.

In the 1960s and 70s, an ideology called Islamic socialism became popular in the Arab world. People believed that socialism should be combined with the principles of Islam so that there would be a more fair and just world. Many people believed that capitalism and communism were both disrespectful of Islam and allowed other countries to control them.

On September 1, 1969, a group of Libyan army officers overthrew the king and established a republic. This republic was ruled by a Revolutionary Command Council (RCC) that was led by a young colonel whose name was Muammar Gadaffi.

The revolution was against imperialism. On October 7, they told the UN that foreign bases would not be allowed on Libyan soil.

In 1973, the country was renamed Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya. "Jamahiriya" is an Arabic word that means "People's Republic."

The beliefs of the Third International Theory are described in Gadaffi's "Green Book". The book is divided into three parts:


The first part of "The Green Book" is called "Solving the problem of democracy: The Authority of the People." The theory says that a country should not be holding a referendum, have a political party, or have a parliament. Gaddafi believed that these are not things a true democracy should have.
In the Jamahiriya, everyone is part of the People's Congresses, which then elect the People's Committees. The Committees then elect the next Congresses, which then elect the State Committees, which run the government. Once a year, the People's Congresses meet up at the General People's Congress, which makes decisions and where issues are discussed.

Gadaffi believed that everyone should have the right to speak their minds, no matter how irrational their beliefs are. He believed that having freedom of speech was important for democracy.

The second part of the book, "The solution of the economic problem (Socialism)," explains the economic parts of the Third International Theory.

"The Green Book" talks about women, specifically:

Gaddafi said that "human rights are for everyone—men and women, but the responsibilities are not equal."

Gadaffi believed that Black people would rule the world and that there is nothing anyone can do to prevent them from doing so. He says they will take over because they accept polygamy and reject birth control.

As time went on, Libya started to associate itself more with the rest of Africa than with the Arab world.


For this reason, stadiums were only open for military parades and wrestling was banned in Libya.

"The Green Book" does not talk about Islam. However, Gaddafi said that the validity of Islam was to be shown by how much it matches the Third International Theory. He said, "if we were to restrict ourselves to the support of Muslims only, that would be an example of bigotry and selfishness: True Islam is the one that defends the weak, even if they are not Muslims"

Gaddafi tried to put the Third International Theory into practice in Libya. He called the government based on the theory "Jamahiriya" (), which means "people's republic" or "state of the masses." It is different from "Jumhuriyah" (), which is the Arabic word for "republic." He wanted to show that the government system based on the Third International Theory was different from all previous forms of government (specifically monarchies and republics).

Michael M. Richter

Michael M. Richter (June 21, 1938 – July 10, 2020) was a German mathematician and computer scientist. Richter was well known for his career in mathematical logic. His works focused in non-standard analysis, and artificial intelligence. He was a key figure in case-based reasoning. Richter was born in Berlin.

Richter died on July 10, 2020 at the age of 82.

Nicholas Lash

Nicholas Langrishe Alleyne Lash (6 April 1934 – 11 July 2020) was an English Roman Catholic theologian. He worked for a short while as a Roman Catholic priest. He held for twenty years the post of Norris-Hulse Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge from 1978 to 1999.

Lash died on 11 July 2020, aged 86.

John Neale (bishop)

John Robert Geoffrey Neale (21 September 1926 – 17 July 2020) was a British Anglican bishop. From 1974 to 1988, he was the first suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury in the Church of England and the first area bishop under that diocese's from 1981 to 2009.

Neale died on 17 July 2020 at the age of 93.

1993 Iowa murders

Angela Jane Johnson (born January 17, 1964) is an American felon. In 1993, she helped Dustin Lee Honken (March 22, 1968July 17, 2020) in the murders of five people in Iowa.

The victims were related to a drug trial against Honken. Honken was involved in the creation and selling of methamphetamine and one of his dealers was set to testify against him, and so Honken and Johnson murdered him along with his girlfriend and her two daughters (age 6 and 10). A few months later, the fifth victim, also a former dealer, was murdered.

Dustin Honken was sentenced to death and executed on July 17, 2020, the first person from Iowa to be executed since 1963.

Angela Johnson was also sentenced to death, the first woman sentenced to death by a United States federal jury since the 1950s, but the sentence was overturned in 2012 and she was re-sentenced to life without parole in 2014.

Sanjiv Sam Gambhir

Sanjiv Sam Gambhir (November 23, 1962 – July 18, 2020) was an Indian-born American physician and scientist. He was the Virginia and D.K. Ludwig Professor in Cancer Research, Chairman of the Department of Radiology at Stanford University School of Medicine. He authored 680 publications and had over 40 patents pending or granted. He was born in Ambala, India.

Gambhir died on July 18, 2020 from cancer in Stanford, California at the age of 57.

Cécile Reims

Cécile Reims (19 October 1927 – 18 July 2020) was a French engraver and writer. She was a resistance member of World War II. She received the Legion of Honour in 2013. Reims was born in Paris.

Reims died in La Châtre on 18 July 2020, aged 92.

Jaybee Sebastian

Jaybee Niño Manicad Sebastian (1979/1980 – July 18, 2020) was a Filipino criminal. He was at the New Bilibid Prison (NBP). He was convicted for kidnap-for-ransom and carjacking in 2009. He was known for running a prison and being involved in the illegal drug trade within the prison.

Sebastian died of COVID-19 at the New Bilibid Prison Hospital on July 18, 2020, aged 40.

Sultan Hashim

Sulṭān Hāshim Aḥmad Muḥammad al-Ṭāʾī ( 1942 – July 19, 2020) was an Iraqi military commander. He was Minister of Defense under Saddam Hussein's regime from 1995 to 2003. He was born in Mosul, Iraq. 

Ahmad Al-Tai died on July 19, 2020 from a heart attack at a prison near Nasiriyah, Iraq.

Biri Biri

Alhaji Momodo Njie (30 March 1948 – 19 July 2020), also known as Biri Biri, was a Gambian footballer. He played as a right winger. He known for playing for Sevilla FC in Spain and Herfølge Boldklub in Denmark. From 1963 to 1987, he played for the national team.

Biri died on 19 July 2020, aged 72, in Dakar, Senegal.

Giulia Maria Crespi

Giulia Maria Crespi (6 June 1923 – 19 July 2020) was an Italian media businesswoman. She was a non-profit executive and environmentalist. She was the founder of Fondo Ambiente Italiano. She became Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. Crespi was born Merate, Italy.

Crespi died in Milan on 19 July 2020, aged 97.

Giuseppe Ottaviani (athlete)

Giuseppe Ottaviani (20 May 1916 – 19 July 2020) was an Italian centenarian and masters athlete. He was born in Sant'Ippolito, Italy.

He turned 100 in May 2016. Ottaviani died in Sant'Ippolito on 19 July 2020 at the age of 104.

He was the first and only centenary athlete to make triple jump. He was the indoor world record holder in the M95 and M100 60 metres. He also held the indoor world record for the triple jump and long jump, and the outdoor world record for the triple jump.

Emitt Rhodes

Emitt Lynn Rhodes (February 25, 1950 – July 19, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter, musician and recording engineer. Rhodes began his career in musical ensembles The Palace Guard as the group's drummer before joining The Merry-Go-Round as a multi-instrumentalist. He was known for writing the 1967 single "Live" with The Merry-Go-Round. He also performed with The Palace Guard.

Rhodes was born in Decatur, Illinois. He was raised in Hawthorne, California.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times" listed Emitt Rhodes as one of the hundreds of artists whose material was destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Rhodes died on July 19, 2020 in Hawthorne at the age of 70.

Viktor Ryashko (football manager)

Viktor Ryashko (; January 28, 1964 – July 19, 2020) was a Ukrainian professional footballer and manager. Ryashko was appointed as the sporting director of club FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in Ukrainian Premier League.

Ryashko died on July 19, 2020, at the age of 56, after his car crashed during a road accident.

Mike O'Malley

Michael Edward O'Malley (born October 31, 1966) is an American actor and writer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and raised in Nashua, New Hampshire.

O'Malley hosted the early 1990s children's game show "Nickelodeon Guts". He starred in his own sitcom for NBC called "The Mike O'Malley Show". He is best known for his role as Jimmy Hughes on "Yes, Dear", a CBS series which aired from 2000 to 2006.

He was nominated for an Emmy Award for his role as Burt Hummel on the Fox series "Glee".

Gilmanton, New Hampshire

Gilmanton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 3,945 at the 2020 census.

Fremont, New Hampshire

Fremont is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,739 at the 2020 census.

Luis Donaldo Colosio

Luis Donaldo Colosio Murrieta (; 10 February 1950 – 23 March 1994) was a Mexican politician and economist. He was the 1994 PRI presidential candidate and until his assassination was the front-runner for the presidency. He was born in Magdalena de Kino, Sonora.

From 1985 to 1988, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. From 1988 to 1992, he was President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 1992 to 1993, Colosio was Secretary of Social Development during the Carlos Salinas de Gortari presidency.

Colosio was assassinated after being shot in the head at a campaign rally in Tijuana, Baja California on 23 March 1994, aged 44.

National Assembly of South Africa

The National Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of South Africa, located in Cape Town, Western Cape Province. It is made up of four hundred members who are elected every five years.

The National Assembly is presided over by a Speaker, assisted by a Deputy Speaker. The current Speaker is Thandi Modise who previously served as the Chairperson of the National Council of Provinces. She was elected on 22 May 2019.

National Council of Provinces

The National Council of Provinces (NCOP) is the upper house of the Parliament of South Africa under the (post-apartheid) constitution. It replaced the former Senate, but is very similar to that body. Its purpose is to represent the governments of the provinces.

Martha Mmola

Martha Phindile Mmola (died 18 July 2020) was a South Africa politician. He was a permanment delegate to the National Council of Provinces from 2019 to her death in 2020. She was in the National Assembly of South Africa from 2014 to 2019. Mmola was a member of the African National Congress.

From 20 June 2014 to 7 May 2019, she was a member of the Portfolio Committee on Police.

On 18 July 2020, Mmola died from COVID-19. 

Joy Villa

Joy Angela Villa (; born April 25, 1986) is an Argentine-American singer-songwriter and actress.

Villa has guest roles on "Heroes", "", "The Valley Girls" and MTV "Next".

She is known for wearing large attention grabbing dresses at the Grammy Awards. 

Villa is a supporter of Donald Trump, having joined Donald Trump's Campaign Advisory Board.

On October 27, 2017, Villa announced on "Fox & Friends" that she is thinking about running for United States Congress as a Republican. Appearing again on "Fox & Friends" on December 13, 2017, Villa clarified that she intends to run for Congress in the state of Florida.

Carrie Prejean

Caroline Michelle "Carrie" Prejean Boller (; born May 13, 1987) is an American model and writer. She won Miss California USA in 2009 and was the Miss USA 2009 first runner-up. 

Prejean was stripped of her Miss California USA crown for alleged breaches of contract. 

On July 2, 2010, Prejean married former NFL quarterback Kyle Boller. They have two children.

Muhammad Aslam (judge)

Sardar Muhammad Aslam (; 10 March 1947 – 20 July 2020) was a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was born in British Raj. From 2008 to 2009, Aslam was Chief Justice of the Islamabad High Court. From 2009 to 2012, he was Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. From 2003 to 2008, he was an Associate Justice of the Lahore High Court.

Aslam died on 20 July 2020 in Rawalpindi, Pakistan of COVID-19, aged 73.

Kanye West 2020 presidential campaign

Kanye West announced his 2020 presidential campaign through Twitter on July 4, 2020, Independence Day. 

The idea of West's candidacy began when he first announced his plans to run in August 2015. He entered the election after missing at least four states' deadlines to appear on the ballot as a third-party candidate.

West has picked Michelle Tidball, a preacher from Wyoming, as his running mate. West's rhetoric has been described as right-wing, along with having "a Republican-leaning, pro-Black religious platform". 

On July 16, 2020, the campaign filed a Statement of Candidacy with the Federal Election Commission. West has qualified for ballot access in Oklahoma and held a rally in South Carolina.

On October 16th, 2020, West dropped a song titled "Nah Nah Nah". This song was the theme song of his campaign, but it was panned by critics, becoming an inside joke for fans. 

John Doman

John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner and Major William Rawls on HBO series "The Wire" from 2002 to 2008, Colonel Edward Galson on "Oz" in 2001, and as Dr. Deraad in "ER" (1999-2003). 

He also starred as Rodrigo Borgia in the international television series "Borgia" from 2011 to 2014, and Don Carmine Falcone in Fox's show "Gotham" in 2014. 

Odd Squad

Odd Squad is a Canadian and American educational TV series that started on TVOKids, Sprout and PBS Kids in November 2014. The series involves child characters using mathematics to go through each episode's plot. The series was made by Tim McKeon and Adam Peltzman and is co-produced by Nelvana Fred Rogers Productions and Sinking Ship Entertainment in association with TVOKids. The series features child actors (whose characters are the employees of the "Odd Squad") who use indirect reasoning and basic math to solve and look into strange happenings in their town.

The main topic being taught in Odd Squad is mathematics for children ages 5 to 8. Children are government agents who use math to solve an odd problem. Topics taught include:


Certain episodes may also teach a variety of other subjects. These include computer programming and coding, basic science, and geography. The series is well-known for teaching topics such as these in a manner children enjoy.

Two agents, Olive and Otto, are members of the Odd Squad Precinct 13579. The episode begins with the agents helping somebody with an odd problem. The agents then go back to headquarters by traveling through tubes. After being in headquarters the agents are called up to Oprah (Miss O)'s office. Olive and Otto are then told to fix an odd problem. Usually, the problem is caused by a villain. Another Odd Squad agent or a citizen may also be the cause of a problem. Olive and Otto may get help from the Mathroom when they cannot solve a problem by themselves.

Agents Olympia and Otis were the new protagonists of season 2. The Mathroom was no longer used. Instead, the agents used watch tablets to solve math problems. The episode style mostly stayed the same. Many Odd Squad hour-long episodes and a movie were made during this season.

Season 3 of Odd Squad was the first season not set in Precinct 13579. Instead, it focused on a Mobile Unit who flew around the world in a flying van to solve oddness. The season also taught more STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) and geography, mostly simple science and "math in the science." 33 total episodes in this season are split into two parts.

This season premiered with the hour-long special, "Odd Beginnings."

In the first 20 episodes, four agents, Opal, Orla, Omar, and Oswald, are called by the Big O and are told about an odd case and are sent to solve it. In most episodes, the agents split up into two groups of two to solve a case. Watch tablets were still used. Villains weren't usually the cause of the problems, however an evil child character named "The Shadow" planned to team up a group of villains to take over the Odd Squad Mobile Unit.

There are 13 episodes in Season 3B. In the twentieth episode of Season 3, Opal left the Mobile Unit to join her sister because she was no longer evil. In the next episode, "Odd Off the Press," the Big O went to space to help the Odd Squad Space Unit and left the show after seven years. She sent the Little O to help the Mobile Unit. Opal was replaced by Agent Osmerelda, who was in many episodes as a normal child character. She did not join Odd Squad before this episode because she had too many other activities to do.

On October 4, 2023, Fred Rogers Productions announced that a fourth season of Odd Squad would come in 2024. It will be named "Odd Squad UK." It was only filmed in the United Kingdom in Manchester, England. CBBC is also making Season 4 along with PBS Kids, TVOkids, and SRC. it will future British characters and will have 12 episodes. 

OddTube is a series of short videos on PBS Kids. One agent talks about the setting of Odd Squad by interviewing agents and answering questions. There would be a sponsor which taught basic math, such as skip counting and geometry. There are two seasons. Season 1 aired in 2016 and 2017 during the second season of Odd Squad with Agent Olympia as the presenter. In 2020, during Season 3A of Odd Squad, Agent Orla was the presenter. 

Odd Squad: Book of Games and Gadget Testers are two series of short videos on PBS Kids with the Odd Squad Mobile Unit as main characters during season 3B of the show. Both series started and ended in 2022. The presenters of Book of Games were Agents Oswald and Osmerelda. The presenters of Gadget Testers were Agents Omar and Orla.

Odd Squad: The Movie is a 2016 Odd Squad television movie. The movie has agents from both seasons 1 and 2 and aired during Season 2. The movie is about Odd Squad getting shut down because of a team of adults called the Weird Team. The Weird Team is a group of adults who hide odd problems instead of fixing them.

Odd Squad: World Turned Odd is a 2018 Odd Squad television movie that aired during Odd Squad Season 2. The movie is about Agents Olympia, Otis, and Oona. They go back in time to 1983 to visit Agent Oprah becoming Miss O but undo every Odd Squad case ever fixed.

Odds and Ends is the Season 2 finale of Odd Squad. The final two episodes, "Who is Agent Otis?" and "Odds and Ends," can be put together to become one movie. It aired in 2019.

Odd Squad: Odd Beginnings the the newest Odd Squad television movie. It aired in 2020. The movie is about how the Odd Squad Mobile Unit started but it is not the season 3 premiere.

The Odd Squadcast is a seven-episode podcast series that released episodes during late 2020. The Big O (Millie Davis) was the main presenter.



In the US, The show premiered on PBS Kids on November 26, 2014 and on TVOKids and their sister channel ICI Radio-Canada Tele.

On June 22, 2015, The show was about to air on CITV, but instead it aired on CBBC for some reasons, Odd Squad was filmed throughout Toronto, Ontario, The part of Season 3 was filmed in Cambridge, Ontario instead of Toronto, Ontario.

A fourth season Odd Squad UK will be released on CBBC in late 2024 and instead of Sinking Ship Entertainment, It will be associated with BBC Kids and Family Disturbion.


Ngultrum

The ngultrum () is the currency of Bhutan. It is subdivided into 100 chhertum ().

Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel

Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel, (1594–1651) known colloquially as The Bearded Lama, was a Tibetan Buddhist lama and the unifier of Bhutan as a nation-state. In addition to unifying the various warring fiefdoms for the first time in the 1630s, he also sought a distinct Bhutanese cultural identity separate from the Tibetan culture from which it was derived.

Amabie

Amabie is a mermaid or merman with three legs in Japanese myths. It is believed that it will emerge from the sea and make prophecies about harvest or epidemic.

It is believed that an amabie appeared before a officer and gave a prophecy that good harvest will get for six years, if disease spread draw its picture and show to the people affected by disease and they will be cured. Believers argue that similar events are reported in different places also. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, amabie become popular in Twitter in Japan. Manga artists (e.g., Chica Umino, Mari Okazaki and Toshinao Aoki) published their cartoon versions of amabie on social networks.


Seydou Diarra

Seydou Elimane Diarra (23 November 1933 – 19 July 2020) was an Ivorian politician. He was the Prime Minister in 2000 and again from 2003 to 2005. Diarra was born in Katiola, French West Africa.

Diarra died on 19 July 2020 in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire at the age of 86.

Shane Tuck

Shane Tuck (24 December 1981 – 20 July 2020) was a professional Australian rules footballer. He played for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 2004 to 2013. Before, he played with Hawthorn Football Club from 2000 to 2001. Tuck was born in Victoria, Australia.

Tuck died on 20 July 2020 at the age of 38.

Richmond Football Club

The Richmond Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is a professional Australian rules football club playing in the Australian Football League (AFL). Between its creation in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond in 1885 and 1907, the club competed in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).

Richmond joined the Victorian Football League (now known as the AFL) in 1908 and has since won twelve premierships, most recently in 2019.

Richmond traditionally wears a black guernsey with a yellow sash. The club song, "We're From Tigerland".

<poem>
"Oh, we're from Tigerland"
"A fighting fury, we're from Tigerland"
"In any weather, you will see us with a grin"
"Risking head and shin"
"If we're behind, then never mind"
"We'll fight and fight and win"
"For we're from Tigerland"
"We never weaken till the final siren's gone"
"Like the tiger of old"
"We're strong and we're bold"
"For we're from Tiger"
"Yellow and black"
"We're from Tigerland!"
</poem>

Dave Matthews

David John Matthews (born January 9, 1967) is a South African-born American singer-songwriter, musician, actor and record label owner. He is best known as the lead vocalist, songwriter and guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band (DMB).

During the period from 2000 to 2010, his band sold more tickets and earned more money than any other act in North America.

Matthews has had multiple acting roles. He has also won two Grammy Awards: one with the Dave Matthews Band in 1997 for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group ("So Much to Say") and one in 2004 for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance ("Gravedigger") from his solo album.

Bella Abzug

Bella Savitzky Abzug (July 24, 1920 – March 31, 1998), nicknamed "Battling Bella", was an American lawyer, activist and politician. She was known as a leader of the Women's Movement.
In 1971, Abzug joined other leading feminists such as Gloria Steinem, Shirley Chisholm, and Betty Friedan to found the National Women's Political Caucus.

In 1970, Abzug's first campaign slogan was, "This woman's place is in the House—the House of Representatives."

From 1971 to 1977, she was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.

Abzug died on March 31, 1998 in New York City from heart surgery-related problems, aged 77.

Carol Greitzer

Carol Greitzer (born January 3, 1925) is an American politician. She was in the New York City Council from 1969 to 1991 and was the first president of NARAL Pro-Choice America. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Greitzer was born in New York City. She studied at Hunter College and New York University.

Grand Canary (movie)

Grand Canary is a 1934 American drama movie directed by Irving Cummings and based on the novel of the same name by A. J. Cronin and stars Warner Baxter, Madge Evans, Marjorie Rambeau, Zita Johann, Roger Imhof, Gilbert Emery. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Storage

The Storage () is a 2011 Finnish comedy movie directed by Taru Mäkelä and starring Kari-Pekka Toivonen, Jope Ruonansuu, Minttu Mustakallio, Aku Hirviniemi, Esko Salminen, Hannele Lauri.

Andy Scott (guitarist)

Andrew David Scott (born 30 June 1949) is a Welsh musician and songwriter. He is best known for being the lead guitarist and a backing vocalist in of the British glam rock band Sweet. After bassist Steve Priest's death in June 2020, Scott is the last living member of the band's classic lineup.

Scott was born in Wrexham. In September 2009, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He lives in All Cannings, Wiltshire.

Salzwedel

Salzwedel (officially known as Hansestadt Salzwedel) is a town in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is the capital of the district of Altmarkkreis Salzwedel.

It has about 21,500 people.

Aland, Saxony-Anhalt

Aland is a municipality in the district Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2010 and consists of the former municipalities of Aulosen, Krüden, Pollitz and Wanzer.

Altmärkische Höhe

Altmärkische Höhe is a municipality of the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2010 and consists of the former municipalities of Boock, Bretsch, Gagel, Heiligenfelde, Kossebau, Losse and Lückstedt.

Altmärkische Wische

Altmärkische Wische is a municipality in the district Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2010 and consists of the former municipalities of Falkenberg, Lichterfelde, Neukirchen and Wendemark.

Ahlsdorf

Ahlsdorf is a municipality in the district Mansfeld-Südharz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. In 2019, 1,561 people live here.

Am Großen Bruch

Am Großen Bruch is a municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

Westheide

Westheide is a municipality in the district Börde, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2010 and consists of the former municipalities of Born, Hillersleben and Neuenhofe.

Aulosen

Aulosen is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Aland.

Krüden

Krüden is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Aland.

Pollitz

Pollitz is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Aland.

Wanzer

Wanzer is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Aland.

Boock, Saxony-Anhalt

Boock is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Bretsch

Bretsch is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Gagel

Gagel is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Heiligenfelde

Heiligenfelde is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Kossebau

Kossebau is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Losse, Saxony-Anhalt

Losse is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Lückstedt

Lückstedt is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. On 1 January 2010, it became part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Höhe.

Falkenberg, Saxony-Anhalt

Falkenberg is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Wische.

Lichterfelde, Saxony-Anhalt

Lichterfelde is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Wische.

Neukirchen, Saxony-Anhalt

Neukirchen is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Wische.

Wendemark

Wendemark is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Wische.

Born, Saxony-Anhalt

Born is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Westheide.

Hillersleben

Hillersleben is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Westheide.

Neuenhofe

Neuenhofe is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Westheide.

Iden, Saxony-Anhalt

Iden is a municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

Abtsdorf

Abtsdorf is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the town Wittenberg.

Bornstedt, Börde

Bornstedt is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 September 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Hohe Börde.

Palau, Sardinia

Palau ("Lu Palau") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2019, 4,187 people lived there. Its area is 44.44 km². It is 5 meters above sea level.

Préizerdaul

Préizerdaul is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 1,703 people live here.

Rambrouch

Rambrouch () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange. It lies close to the border with Belgium. As of 2019, 4,419 people live here.

Rambrouch was created on 1 January 1979 from the former communes of Arsdorf, Bigonville, Folschette and Perlé.


Saeul

Saeul () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 844 people live here.

Useldange

Useldange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 1,900 people live here.

Nyctimystes calcaratus

Nyctimystes calcaratus is a frog from New Guinea. It was found about 1230 meters above sea level near a forest stream.

The name "calcaratus" comes from the Latin word for "spur". The frogs are named after the bump on their hind foot.

The male frog is about 4.3 to 5.2 cm long. The female frog is 5.6 to 6.3 cm long. This frog has thin, angled lines on its lower eyelids and gold irises in its eyes. This frog is light brown to dark brown in color with darker marks.

Vichten

Vichten () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange. As of 2019, 1,309 people live here.

Wahl, Luxembourg

Wahl () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Redange.

As of 2019, 1,020 people live here.

Wincrange

Wincrange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Clervaux. It is the largest commune in Luxembourg by area.

As of 2019, 4,392 people live here.

Wincrange was created on 1 January 1978 from the former communes of Asselborn, Boevange, Hachiville and Oberwampach.

Victor Chizhikov

Victor Alexandrovich Chizhikov (; 26 September 1935 – 20 July 2020) was a Russian children's book illustrator. He was the designer of the Olympic mascot, Misha, for the 1980 Summer Olympics, held in Moscow. He illustrated more than 100 children's books. He worked closely with writers Eduard Uspensky and Andrei Usachev.

Chizhikov died on 20 July 2020 at the age of 84.

Mother Wore Tights

Mother Wore Tights is a 1947 American musical movie directed by Walter Lang and is based on the 1944 novel of the same name by Miriam Young. It stars Betty Grable, Dan Dailey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Lamborghini Veneno

The Lamborghini Veneno is a supercar. It was made by Lamborghini in 2013. Only nine Venenos were released to the public, three of which are coupes (grey with green, red and white accents) and nine roadsters. The Veneno is based off the Lamborghini Aventador, and uses a version of its V12 engine.

The Veneno was revealed at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show. It was built to celebrate Lamborghini’s 50th anniversary.

Lamborghini built just five Venenos. One was used for factory testing, and another one was kept by Lamborghini. This meant that only three Venenos were sold, which made each one very expensive. Nine Veneno Roadsters were also built.

The Veneno’s engine is a more powerful version of the Aventador‘s V12. In the Veneno, the engine makes and of torque. The Veneno’s seven-speed automated-manual transmission also comes from the Aventador.

The Lamborghini Veneno has a top speed of . It can also accelerate from in 2.9 seconds. The Veneno can also slow down from in .

Lamborghini also made a convertible version of the Veneno. This car was known as the Veneno Roadster. The Veneno Roadster was first shown at the 2014 Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show.

The performance of the Veneno Roadster was the same as that of the standard Veneno. The roadster went on sale for . Nine Veneno Roadsters were built.


Hosingen

Hosingen () is a small village and a former commune in northern Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Clervaux

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Consthum and Hoscheid to form the new commune of Parc Hosingen.

Consthum

Consthum () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Clervaux.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Hoscheid and Hosingen to form the new commune of Parc Hosingen.

Hoscheid

Hoscheid () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Diekirch.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Consthum and Hosingen to form the new commune of Parc Hosingen.

Parc Hosingen

Parc Hosingen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Clervaux. It was created on 1 January 2012 from the former communes of Consthum, Hosingen and Hoscheid (the last formerly part of the canton of Diekirch).

As of 2019, 3,591 people live here.

Pamlico County, North Carolina

Pamlico County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 12,276 people lived there. Its county seat is Bayboro.

Yancey County, North Carolina

Yancey County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 18,470 people lived there. Its county seat is Burnsville.


Troisvierges

Troisvierges (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Clervaux. The two highest hills in Luxembourg, the Kneiff (560 m) and Buurgplaatz (559 m), are in the commune.

As of 2019, 3,201 people live here.

Weiswampach

Weiswampach () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Clervaux.

As of 2019, 1,912 people live here.


Heiderscheid

Heiderscheid () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Wiltz.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Neunhausen to form the commune of Esch-sur-Sûre.

Man of Iron

Man of Iron () is a 1981 Polish drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and stars Jerzy Radziwiłowicz, Krystyna Janda, Marian Opania, Wiesława Kosmalska, Bogusław Linda, Andrzej Seweryn, Marek Kondrat, Lech Wałęsa. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.

Desi

Desi (pronounced DEH-see or DAY-see) is a supra-ethnic and pan-ethnic term that refers to people and things from the Indian subcontinent. The word "Desi" comes from the Sanskrit word देश (deśá), which means "land" or "country." People agree that the word refers to things and people from the countries of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Maldives, and Sri Lanka.

The word "Desi" as it is known comes from the Hindustani word "deśī", which means a "national" of a country. That word comes from the Sanskrit word देश (deśá), which means "land" or "country." The first known use of the word was in 200 BCE.

During colonial times, the word Desi was used to show that something was not vilāyati ("Blighty," or British).

Desi is a word that is used to describe South Asia in general instead of to a specific culture or country.

Music and dances that are from the region are called "Desi."

In South Asia, "Desi food" refers to the traditional foods of the region. Desi daru refers to traditional alcoholic drinks such as fenny, toddy, and arrack. A foreign liquor that is made in India, like Indian-made rum or vodka, would not be considered Desi.

Bolivian Football Federation

The Bolivian Football Federation (, or FBF) is the governing body of football in Bolivia. It was founded in 1925, making it the eighth oldest South American federation. It affiliated to CONMEBOL and FIFA in 1926 and is in charge of Bolivia national football team.

Jack McIlhargey

John Cecil "Jack" McIlhargey (March 7, 1952 – July 19, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League with the Philadelphia Flyers, Vancouver Canucks, and Hartford Whalers between 1974 and 1982. After his playing career he worked for both the Canucks and Flyers in coaching roles. He was a scout for the Flyers.

McIlhargey was born in Edmonton, Alberta. He died on July 19, 2020 in Burnaby, British Columbia from cancer, aged 68.

Daler Mehndi

Daler Mehndi is an Indian singer. He was born on 18 Aug 1967, in Patna, Bihar. He was born to Ajmer Singh Chandan and Balbir Kaur. He has a brother named Mika Singh the famous Bollywood playback singer. 

Mehndi took lessons of classical music but diverted from classical music to pop music. He started his full-fledged music career in 1995 with his first album Bolo Ta Ra Ra. He composed this song with tunes based on those given to him by his mother. His song became so popular that within four months of its release, Five lakh copies were already sold and in all 2 crore copies, making him the best-selling non-soundtrack album in Indian music history.

Bijay Mohanty

Bijay Mohanty (8 April 1950 – 20 July 2020) was an Indian actor. He was born in Baripada, Odisha. He was in the film "Chilika Teerey", which was given a prize at the National Film Awards. He was known for his roles in "Naga Phasa", "Suna Panjuri", and "Sahara Jaluchi".

Mohanty died from cardiac arrest-related problems on 20 July 2020 at a hospital in Bhubaneswar, Odisha at the age of 70.

Ram Awadhesh Singh

Ram Awadhesh Singh Yadav (June 18, 1937 – July 20, 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 1977 to 1979 and of the Rajya Sabha from 1986 to 1992. He was a well-known socialist leader.

Singh died on July 20, 2020 at a hospital in Patna, India, aged 83.

Onyx Lorenzoni

Onyx Dornelles Lorenzoni (born 3 October 1954) is a Brazilian politician, businessman and veterinarian. He has been Minister of Citizenship since 2020. He is a member of the Democrats (DEM). He was also Chief of Staff of the Presidency under Jair Bolsonaro from 2019 to 2020. He served as a Federal Deputy for Rio Grande do Sul from 2003 to 2019.

Lorenzoni was born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul.

Louison Bobet

Louis "Louison" Bobet (; 12 March 1925 – 13 March 1983) was a French professional road racing cyclist. He was the first to win the Tour de France three times in a row.

Kozhippalam

Kozhippalam is a village in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kozhippalam.

Kozhippalam is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kudamuck

Kudamuck is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kudamuck.

Kudamuck is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kulanada

Kulanada is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India

Kulanada consists of these villages - Ambalakkadavu, Punnakulanji, Ulanadu, Ullannur, Kaipuzha, Kaithakadu, Kaluveli, Koodamparampu, Nediyuzhathilpadi, Panangadu, Pookaitha, Manthuka, Parayankara, Vattayam, Pandissery, Panil, Nedumpoyya and Paivazhi




Kumbanad

Kumbanad is a town in Thiruvalla Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. Town along with Pullad & muttumon 

Malayalam is the native language of Kumbanad.

Kumbanad is part of Pathanamthitta Lok Sabha constituency Aranmula assembly contituency. Anto Antony is the current MP of Pathanamthitta and Veena George is the current MLA of Aranmula.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).



Kumbazha

Kumbazha is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kumbazha.

Kumbazha is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.


The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kummannoor

Kummannoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kummannoor konni.

Kummannoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

Kummannor is located near the Konni reserve forest and Achankovil river. Most of the area of Kummannor is covered with forest.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kumplampoika

Kumplampoika is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kumplampoika.

Kumplampoika is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kunnamthanam

 India census, Kunnamthanam had a population of 20157 with 9466 males and 10691 females.

Kunnamthanam is one of the nine villages that form Mallapally Taluk of Pathanamthitta district.

Malayalam is the native language of Kunnamthanam.

Kunnamthanam is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kunnamthanam organized mass yoga practise with 5,000 people. So it has been declared as a yoga village.



Kurampala

Kurampala is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kurampala.

Kurampala is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.



 India census, Kurampala had a population of 20,098 with 9,591 males and 10,507 females.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Python Software Foundation

The Python Software Foundation (PSF) is a nonprofit organization in USA related to the Python programming language started on March 6, 2001.

Python 3.12 Online Compiler - A web-based Python code editor and compiler.
Ogaden

Ogaden is one of the three names for the largest region of Ethiopia. It is named after the Ogaden tribe. The area is also called the Somali Region. The Ogaden tribe shares borders with Dir to the northwest, Isaaq to the north, reer Darawiish to the northeast, Oromo to the west and Rahanweyn to the south.

Michael Brooks (political commentator)

Michael Jamal Brooks (August 13, 1983 – July 20, 2020) was an American talk show host, YouTube content creator, writer, podcaster and political analyst.

In August 2017 he launched "The Michael Brooks Show" (TMBS) alongside his regular hosting of "The Majority Report" with Sam Seder. Brooks was a progressive democratic socialist.

He did commentary for worldwide media outlets on politics in the Middle East and the United States. He had regular appearances on shows such as "The Young Turks".

On July 20, 2020, Brooks died unexpectedly at the age of 36. His cause of death was said to be a "sudden case" of thrombosis.

Music Is Magic

Music Is Magic is a 1935 American musical movie directed by George Marshall and based on the play of the same name by Jesse Lasky Jr. and Gladys Unger. It stars Alice Faye, Bebe Daniels, Ray Walker, Frank Mitchell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


East Meadow, New York

East Meadow is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County (Long Island), New York, United States. East Meadow is an unincorporated area in the Town of Hempstead.

The population was 37,796 at the 2020 census.

Bill Scott (priest)

William Sievwright Scott (1 February 1946 – 17 July 2020) was an Anglican priest. He was Domestic Chaplain to Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace, Deputy Clerk of the Closet, Sub-Almoner, and Sub-Dean of the Chapel Royal. Between 2007 to 2015, he was Deputy Clerk of the Closet.

Scott died on 17 July 2020, aged 74.

Elise Stefanik

Elise Marie Stefanik (; born July 2, 1984) is an American politician. She is a member of the U.S. Representative for since 2015. She has been the chair of the House Republican Conference since 2021. Stefanik has been seen as a possible running mate for former President Donald Trump's 2024 campaign.

Stefanik was born in Albany, New York. She studied at Harvard University. She became interested in politics in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001. She was elected vice president of the Harvard Institute of Politics in 2004.

After graduating from Harvard, she joined the George W. Bush administration, as a staff member for the U.S. Domestic Policy Council. Stefanik later worked in the office of Joshua Bolten, the White House Chief of Staff. 

In 2009, she founded the blog American Maggie, to promote the views of "conservative and Republican women", named after British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.

When elected in 2014, Stefanik, then aged 30, became the youngest woman ever elected to Congress at the time. She was also the youngest Republican woman ever elected to Congress at the time.

Stefanik has long supported empowering women in the Republican Party and helped change the party's culture to focusing on electing more women. After her election in 2014, Stefanik named Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg as a major influence on her decision to run for Congress.

At first, she was elected as a moderate conservative, however Stefanik has become more conservative and has supported former President Donald Trump. She strongly opposed the first impeachment of Trump in 2019 and supported Trump's attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election. As the U.S. House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack began to investigate, Stefanik blamed then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi instead of Trump over the January 6 United States Capitol attack.<ref name="Herbert7/27/2021"></ref> 

Stefanik criticized Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement.

Stefanik was elected as the chair of the Republican House Conference in May 2021 after Liz Cheney was removed.

On July 19, 2022, Stefanik was one of the 47 Republican representatives who voted in favor of the Respect for Marriage Act, which would codify the right to same-sex marriage in federal law.

Stefanik has supported the idea of "expunging" both of Trump's impeachments. In 2022, Republican Congressman Markwayne Mullin introduced resolutions to remove Trump's first impeachments from the Congressional Record. This received support from Stefanik.

Stefanik became well known in December 2023 for her intense questioning of university presidents during a widely televised U.S. congressional hearing on antisemitism. Her hearings led to criticism and resignation of two of the presidents.

Stefanik has been seen as a possible running mate for former President Trump's 2024 presidential campaign.

Stefanik's committee assignments include:


Stefanik married Matthew Manda in 2017. In December 2018, Stefanik and Manda moved to Schuylerville, near Saratoga Springs. Their first child was born in 2021. Stefanik is a Roman Catholic.


Kana Satomi

The following tables are the summary of her achievements.

She has received several awards from the local government.


Mark Pryor

Mark Lunsford Pryor (born January 10, 1963) is an American attorney and politician. He was a United States Senator from Arkansas from 2003 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was Attorney General of Arkansas from 1999 to 2003.

Pryor is the son of former Arkansas Governor and U.S. Senator David Pryor.

George LeMieux

George Stephen LeMieux (; born May 21, 1969) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Florida from 2009 to 2011. He is chairman of the Florida-based law firm of Gunster Yoakley & Stewart and was chief of staff to Governor Charlie Crist.

He was the Deputy Florida Attorney General.

On August 28, 2009, Crist announced he would appoint LeMieux as U.S. Senator to replace Mel Martínez, who weeks earlier had announced he would resign as soon as Crist announced his replacement.

On April 5, 2011, LeMieux announced that he would run against incumbent Democratic Senator Bill Nelson in 2012, but dropped out of the race in June 2012.

Carte Goodwin

Carte Patrick Goodwin (born February 27, 1974) is an American attorney. He was a United States Senator from West Virginia in 2010. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He was appointed by Governor Joe Manchin on July 16, 2010 after the death of Robert Byrd. He chose to not run in the special election on November 2, 2010, and was replaced by Manchin.

Before he became a United States Senator, he was Manchin's Chief Counsel, before returning to his private practice as an attorney. He also was the Chairman of the West Virginia School Building Authority, and as Chair of the Independent Commission on Judicial Reform.

In 2008, he was named one of the "Ten Most Successful Young Executives in West Virginia" by "Executive" magazine; and in 2010, "Time" named him one of the rising stars of American politics under 40, in their list of "40 under 40".

Mount Alto, West Virginia

Mount Alto is an unincorporated community in far western Jackson County, West Virginia, United States. It is northwest of the city of Ripley, the county seat of Jackson County. Its elevation is 709 feet (216 m). 

Mount Alto had a post office, which closed on June 20, 2009.

Ripley, West Virginia

Ripley is a city in and the county seat of Jackson County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 3,079 at the 2020 census.

Merrifield, Virginia

Merrifield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population was 15,212 at the 2010 census.

Mark Hatfield

Mark Odom Hatfield (July 12, 1922 – August 7, 2011) was an American politician and educator. He was a Republican, even though he mostly voted with Democratic senators. He was born in Dallas, Oregon.

From 1957 to 1959, he was the Oregon Secretary of State. From 1959 to 1967, he was the Governor of Oregon. Between 1967 to 1997, Hatfield was the United States Senator from Oregon.

Hatfield died in Portland, Oregon on August 7, 2011 at the age of 89.

Sun and moon letters

In Arabic and Maltese, consonants are divided into two groups: the sun/solar letters ( ', Maltese: konsonanti xemxin) and moon/lunar letters ( ', Maltese: konsonanti qamrin).

In those languages, all nouns start with the word "al" (الـ) in Arabic or "il" in Maltese. Both words mean "the." If a sun letter comes after the consonant, the "l" sound in "al" or "il" is dropped and is replaced by whatever sound the letter makes. However, if a moon letter comes after, the "l" sound in those words stays.

In Arabic, the word for "the sun" is "ash-shams" because the "sh" sound is a sun letter. Meanwhile, the word for "the moon" is "al-qamar" because the "q" sound is a moon letter.

Below is a chart of the sun and moon letters in Arabic.
The ال "'al-"' is written down in Arabic regardless of how it is pronounced. In the case of sun letters, a mark called the "shaddah" (ـّـ) is written over the sun letter. For moon letters, a mark called the "sukun" (ـْـ)is written over the letter ل "lam" in the "al-."
Below is a chart of the sun and moon letters in Maltese.

If a word starts with any of the moon letters, the word il- stays the same. However, if it stats with a sun letter, the word il-changes to iċ-, id-, in-, ir-, is-, it-, ix-, iż-, iz-.

If a word begins with two consonants, it changes to "l-i-." For example, "skola" (school) becomes "l-iskola" (the school).

Countess Augusta Reuss of Ebersdorf

Countess Augusta Caroline Sophie Reuss-Ebersdorf was the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld by marriage. She was born in Saalburg-Ebersdorf. She was the maternal grandmother of Queen Victoria and the paternal grandmother of Albert, Prince Consort.

Lone Dybkjær

Lone Dybkjær (23 May 1940 – 20 July 2020) was a Danish politician and environmentalist. She was a member of the Social Democrats. During the Poul Schlüter cabinet, she was Minister for the Environment from 1988 to 1990. Between 1973 to 1977, 1979 to 1994 and 2005 to 2011, she was a member of the Folketing.

Between 1994 to 2004, she was a member of the European Parliament. Dybkjær was born in Copenhagen.

She was married to former Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen from 1994 until her death.

Dybkjær died on 20 July 2020 in Copenhagen from cancer, aged 80.

Under Your Spell (movie)

Under Your Spell is a 1936 American romantic comedy movie directed by Otto Preminger and starring Lawrence Tibbett, Wendy Barrie, Gregory Ratoff, Arthur Treacher, Gregory Gaye. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


István Séllyei

István Séllyei (8 June 1950 – 19 July 2020) was a Hungarian wrestler. He competed in the men's Greco-Roman 90 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Eger, Hungary.

Séllyei died in Budapest on 19 July 2020, aged 70.


The Great American Broadcast

The Great American Broadcast is a 1941 American musical comedy movie directed by Archie Mayo and starring Alice Faye, John Payne, Jack Oakie, Cesar Romero, James Newill, The Ink Spots. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jonathan Oppenheim

Jonathan Louis Oppenheim (November 10, 1952 – July 16, 2020) was an American movie and television editor and producer. His works were mainly documentaries. Oppenheim was known for his work on "The Oath" (2010) and "Paris Is Burning" (1990). He was born in New York City.

Oppenheim died on July 16, 2020 from brain cancer, aged 67.

JoJo Siwa

Joelle Joanie "JoJo" Siwa (; born May 19, 2003) is an American dancer, pop singer, actress, and YouTube personality. She is known for appearing for two seasons on "Dance Moms" and for her singles "Boomerang" and "Kid in a Candy Store". 

Siwa posts daily videos of her life on her YouTube channels, "JoJo Siwa TV" and "It's JoJo Siwa". She was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

In June 2019, the FDA issued a warning about dangerous levels of asbestos in a JoJo Siwa-branded cosmetics kit.

JoJo signed with Nickelodeon in 2017. She was in the movies "Blurt!" and "Lip Sync Battle Shorties" with Nick Cannon.

Siwa came out as being in the LGBTQ+ community in January 2021. In February 2021, she revealed that she is in a relationship with her best friend who asked her to be her girlfriend a month before.

Francisco Rodríguez Adrados

Francisco Rodríguez Adrados (29 March 1922 – 21 July 2020) was a Spanish Hellenist, linguist and translator. He worked most of his career at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was a member of the Real Academia Española and Real Academia de la Historia. His works were mostly of the history of Ancient Greece and modern-day Greece.

Rodríguez Adrados was born in Salamanca, Spain. He studied at University of Salamanca and Complutense University of Madrid. Rodríguez Adrados died on 21 July 2020 in Madrid, aged 98.

Royal Spanish Academy

The Royal Spanish Academy (Spanish: , generally abbreviated as RAE) is Spain's official royal institution. Its mission is to make sure the Spanish language lives on. It is based in Madrid, Spain, but also has locations throughout the world with the Association of Academies of the Spanish Language. 

Real Academia de la Historia

The Real Academia de la Historia (RAH, 'Royal Academy of History') is a Spanish institution in Madrid. 

It studies history "ancient and modern, political, civil, ecclesiastical, military, scientific, of letters and arts, that is to say, the different branches of life, of civilisation, and of the culture of the Spanish people". 

The Academy was created by Philip V of Spain on 18 April 1738.

Francisco Ayala

Francisco Ayala García-Duarte (16 March 1906 – 3 November 2009) was a Spanish writer. He was the last representative of the Generation of '27.

He was a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts from 1997 until his death. He was known for his short stories about the Spanish Civil War. His best known works were "El As de Bastos" ("The Ace of Staves", 1963), "El rapto" ("The Kidnap", 1965), and "El jardín de las delicias" ("The Garden of Earthly Delights", 1971).

Ayala died in Madrid, 3 November 2009, at the age of 103.

Emilio Lledó

Emilio Lledó Íñigo (born 5 November 1927) is a Spanish philosopher. He has been a professor at several universities. He is a member of the Royal Spanish Academy. He was born in Seville, Spain.

He worked at the University of La Laguna for two years. Later, in 1967, he moved to the University of Barcelona, where he had been given the chair in Philosophy. In 1978, he moved again, to the National University of Distance Education (UNED), where he remained until his retirement.

Lledó was elected to Seat l of the Real Academia Española on 11 November 1993.

Luis Goytisolo

Luis Goytisolo Gay (born 17 March 1935) is a Spanish writer. He is best known for his tetralogy "Antagonía", which was published between 1973 and 1981. Goytisolo is a member of the Real Academia Española. He was born in Barcelona. 

He is the younger brother to José Agustín Goytisolo and Juan Goytisolo.

In 1963 he was locked up for four months in the Carabanchel Prison for being a supporter of the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia/Communist Party of Spain.

Francisco Brines

Francisco Brines Bañó (22 January 1932 – 20 May 2021) was a Spanish poet. He was born in Oliva, Valencia region. He was thought to be one of the 50s Generation of Spanish poets. His poetry collections include: "Las brasas" (1960), "Palabras a la oscuridad" (1966), "Aún no" (1971), "Insistencias en Luzbel" (1977), "El otoño de las rosas" (1986) and "La última costa" (1995). His collected poems "Ensayo de una despedida" were published in 1997.

He won the Premio Nacional de las Letras Españolas in 1999. Brines was elected to the Real Academia Española on 19 April 2001.In 2020, he was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize.

He taught Spanish literature at Oxford University and Cambridge University.

Brines died of problems caused by hernia surgery at a hospital in Gandia, Spain on 20 May 2021, aged 89.

The Valley of Decision

The Valley of Decision is a 1945 American historical drama movie directed by Tay Garnett and was based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Marcia Davenport. It stars Greer Garson, Gregory Peck, Donald Crisp, Lionel Barrymore, Marsha Hunt, Preston Foster, Gladys Cooper, Jessica Tandy, Reginald Owen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1946.

Li Jijun

Li Jijun (, October 9, 1933 – July 21, 2020), was a Chinese geographer and geomorphologist. He was born in Pengzhou, Sichuan. In 1991, he was elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He was a professor of Geography Department of Lanzhou University and a Dean of the Geography Department of Lanzhou University.

Li died on July 21, 2020 in Lanzhou, Gansu at the age of 87.

Paul Cook (politician)

Paul Cook (born March 3, 1943) is an American politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representative for California's 8th congressional district from 2013 until 2020. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the California State Assembly until 2012.

In September 2019, Cook announced that he would not run for re-election to Congress in 2020. He instead ran for a seat on the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors. He won the election and was sworn in on December 7, 2020.

Bous, Luxembourg

Bous () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich.

As of 2019, 1,652 people live here.

Dalheim, Luxembourg

Dalheim () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich.

As of 2019, 2,325 people live here.

Lenningen, Luxembourg

Lenningen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich.

As of 2019, 1,941 people live here.

Mondorf-les-Bains

Mondorf-les-Bains (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg that is part of the canton of Remich. It is a spa town.

As of 2019, 5,273 people live here.

Schengen, Luxembourg

Schengen is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich. On 1 January 2012, the former communes of Burmerange and Wellenstein merged to form the commune of Schengen. As of 2019, 4,833 people live here.

Burmerange

Burmerange (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Remich.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Wellenstein to form the commune of Schengen.

Stadtbredimus

Stadtbredimus () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich.

As of 2019, 1,894 people live here.

Waldbredimus

Waldbredimus () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Remich.

As of 2019, 1,181 people live here.

Wellenstein

Wellenstein () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Remich.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Burmerange to form the commune of Schengen.

Bastendorf

Bastendorf () is a small town in the commune of Tandel, in northeastern Luxembourg.

Bastendorf was a commune in the canton of Diekirch until 1 January 2006, when it was merged with Fouhren to form the new commune of Tandel, in Vianden.

Fouhren

Fouhren (, ) is a small town in the commune of Tandel, in northeastern Luxembourg.

Fouhren was a commune in the canton of Vianden until 1 January 2006, when it was merged with Bastendorf to form the new commune of Tandel.

Wilwerwiltz

Wilwerwiltz () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Wiltz.

On 1 January 2006, the commune was merged with Kautenbach to form the new commune of Kiischpelt.

Ermsdorf

Ermsdorf () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Diekirch.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Medernach to form the new commune of Vallée de l'Ernz.

Kautenbach

Kautenbach () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Wiltz.

On 1 January 2006, the commune was merged with Wilwerwiltz to form the new commune of Kiischpelt.

Bettendorf, Luxembourg

Bettendorf () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch. It lies along the river Sauer.

As of 2019, 2,857 people live here.

Ettelbruck

Ettelbruck ( ) is a commune with town status in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 8,926 people live here.

Rumelange

Rumelange (; ) is a commune with town status in Luxembourg, on the border with France. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 5,608 people live here.

Feulen

Feulen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 2,164 people live here.

Dalheim

Dalheim is the name of two places in Europe:


Perquimans County, North Carolina

Perquimans County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 13,005 people lived there. Its county seat is Hertford.

Drava Statistical Region

The Drava Statistical Region () is a statistical region in Slovenia. The largest city in the region is Maribor.

The Drava Statistical Region has 41 municipalities:


Lamborghini Centenario

The Lamborghini Centenario is a supercar. Lamborghini made it in 2016. They only made 40 Centenarios. Twenty of them were coupes. The other twenty were convertibles. The Centenario convertible was called the Centenario Roadster. All of them sold out before the car was even released. It shares the same platform as the aventador but exhibits some new technology which is going to be integrated into future designs

The Centenario was built to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Ferruccio Lamborghini’s birth. It was first shown at the 2016 Geneva Motor Show. The Centenario was based off the Aventador. It used a more powerful version of its V12 engine.

Lamborghini made a total of 40 Centenarios (20 coupes and 20 roadsters). All of them had already been sold by the time Lamborghini started delivering them to customers.

The Centenario is based off the Aventador. It is powered by a more powerful version of the Aventador's 6.5-litre V12 engine. The engine makes at 8,500 rpm and of torque at 5,500 rpm. This is more than the Aventador SV. The engine is paired with the same 7-speed "ISR" automated manual gearbox as the Aventador. The Centenario’s power goes to all four wheels through the Aventador’s all-wheel drive system.

The Centenario can accelerate from in 2.8 seconds. It can also go from in 23.5 seconds. It has a top speed of . The car can also brake from in just .

Lamborghini first showed the Centenario Roadster at the August 2016 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance. The only change over the regular Centenario is that the Roadster weighed a little bit more. The Roadster's performance is the same as that of the coupe.

Roanoke

Roanoke may refer to:

Roanoke people

The Roanoke people were a group of Native Americans who lived in North Carolina. Their population was between 5,000 and 10,000. Their capital was possibly "Dasamonguepeuk". The English met them on Roanoke Island, where the English would later create Roanoke Colony.

Policy debate

Policy debate is a competition where two sides argue for and against a resolution, which usually calls for a change in policy in the U.S. government. It is also called cross-examination debate, Cross-X debate, CX debate, Cross-ex debate, or C-X debate. This is because of a three minute "cross-examination" between each constructive speech.

Carinthia Statistical Region

The Carinthia Statistical Region () is a statistical region in northern Slovenia. It lies along the border with Austria.

The Carinthia Statistical Region has 12 municipalities:


Savinja Statistical Region

The Savinja Statistical Region () is a statistical region in Slovenia.

The Savinja Statistical Region has 31 municipalities:

The municipalities of Bistrica ob Sotli and the Radeče were part of the region until 1 January 2015; they became part of the Lower Sava Statistical Region in 2015.

Central Sava Statistical Region

The Central Sava Statistical Region () is a statistical region in Slovenia.

The Central Sava Statistical has four municipalities: 

Lower Sava Statistical Region

The Lower Sava Statistical Region (; until 31 December 2014 ) is a statistical region in Slovenia.

The Lower Sava Statistical Region has six municipalities:

Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region

The Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region () is a statistical region in Slovenia.

The Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region has 21 municipalities:


Littoral–Inner Carniola Statistical Region

The Littoral–Inner Carniola Statistical Region () is a statistical region in Slovenia. Until 1 January 2015, it was named the Inner Carniola–Karst Statistical Region ().

The Littoral–Inner Carniola Statistical Region has six municipalities:

Upper Carniola Statistical Region

The Upper Carniola Statistical Region is a statistical region in Slovenia.

Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport is in the region.

The Upper Carniola Statistical Region has 18 municipalities:


Coastal–Karst Statistical Region

The Coastal–Karst Statistical Region (, ) is a statistical region in Slovenia.

The Coastal–Karst Statistical Region has 8 municipalities:

Rodolfo Olgiati

Rodolfo Olgiati (Lugano, 30 June 1905 – Bern, 31 May 1986) was a Swiss schoolteacher and educationist.

Olgiati studied in Chur and Bern. He studied mathematics and physics at the ETH Zurich. He met Leonhard Ragaz. From 1929 to 1932, he was a teacher at the Odenwaldschule in Heppenheim. In 1933, he worked at Faithfull's home for educators in England. From 1934 to 1935, he worked for Fritz Wartenweiler in the youth courses. In 1935 he became secretary of the Service Civil International. During the Spanish Civil War, in February 1937, he worked for the rescue of vulnerable children and founded the Swiss Working Group for Spanish Children (SAS) with Fritz Wartenweiler and Regina Kägi-Fuchsmann. 
In Spain, he met Irma Schneider, who, as a former teacher at the Swiss school in Barcelona, ​​ran the canteen for pregnant women in Madrid.
In January 1940, he helped bring together 17 organizations under the umbrella organization of the Swiss Working Group for Children Affected by War (SAK). 

In January 1942, Children's Aid, were founded by the Swiss Red Cross and the SAK in order to be able to extend children's aid to the whole of Europe. From 1942 to 1943, Olgiati was a central secretary. He resigned at the end of 1943 and the SAK was dissolved in 1944.
From late 1944 to 1948, he was the manager of Swiss donation, and from 1948 Swiss European Aid (SEH). He started aid for Germany. From 1949 to 1970, he was a member of the International Red Cross ICRC in Geneva. In 1958, he led the East Swiss Evangelical Home of Wartensee. He founded the Swiss Aid Organization for Non-European Areas (SHAG) with Regina Kägi-Fuchsmann.


Avesnes-sur-Helpe

Avesnes-sur-Helpe () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,345 people lived there.


Douai

Douai is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Valenciennes

Valenciennes is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Les Andelys

Les Andelys is a commune of 8,056 people (2017). It is found in the region Normandy in the Eure department in the north of France.

Thiers, Puy-de-Dôme

Thiers is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department.

Bantigny

Bantigny () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 520 people lived there.


Lamborghini Sián FKP 37

The Lamborghini Sián FKP 37 is a supercar. Lamborghini says that they will start making it in 2020. The Sián is based off the Aventador. Lamborghini will only make 63 Siáns. The Sián is the first Lamborghini to have a hybrid powertrain. This means that the car is powered by both a gas engine and an electric motor.

Lamborghini first showed the Sián FKP 37 at the 2019 Frankfurt Motor Show. The car’s name was made to honor Ferdinand Piëch. Piëch had died a couple months before the Sián was first shown. "FKP" was the initials of Piëch‘s name. The "37" came from Piëch‘s birth year, which was 1937.

Lamborghini will only build 63 Sián FKP 37s. This is because Lamborghini started making road cars in 1963. All 63 Siáns have already been sold.

The Sián FKP 37 is based off the Aventador, and shares its 6.5 litre Lamborghini V12 engine with the Aventador. The Sián also has an electric motor, which adds another to the car’s horsepower level. The V12 makes in the Sián. The total power output of the car is . That makes it the most powerful Lamborghini ever made. The engine is paired with a version of the Aventador’s seven-speed automated manual transmission. The Sián sends its power to all four wheels through an all-wheel drive system.

The Sián is able to go from 0- in 2.8 seconds. Lamborghini says that the Sián will have a top speed of .

In July 2020, Lamborghini first showed the Sián FKP 37 Roadster. Only 19 Roadsters will be made. All of them have already been sold. The Sián FKP 37 Roadster is very similar to the coupe, and will probably perform about the same.


Ochelata, Oklahoma

Ochelata is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tribbey, Oklahoma

Tribbey is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Person County, North Carolina

Person County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 39,097 people lived there. Its county seat is Roxboro.

San Saba, Texas

San Saba is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ƒ

The letter (minuscule: ƒ) is a letter of the Latin alphabet, based on the italic form of F. It is used in writing the Ewe language to represent a voiceless bilabial fricative (IPA: ), as distinct from the letter F, which represents a voiceless labiodental fricative. Compare , which is the equivalent voiced sound.

The minuscule ƒ is also used as an abbreviation for florin, gulden and guilder.

The lowercase ƒ is also used in mathamatics for funtion notation:
Older fonts and character encodings included only the minuscule form for its use as an abbreviation. Unicode includes both the majuscule and the minuscule.


RM (rapper)

Kim Nam-joon (; born September 12, 1994), better known as RM (formerly Rap Monster), is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer. He is the leader of and a rapper in South Korean boy group BTS. He also sings his own songs. He has worked with artists such as Wale, Younha, Warren G, Gaeko, Krizz Kaliko, MFBTY, Fall Out Boy, Primary, and Lil Nas X.

He was born on September 12, 1994, in Dongjak-gu, a district in Seoul, and grew up in Ilsan-gu, another district in Seoul, where his family moved when he was four or five. He has a younger sister.

As a child, RM largely learned English through watching "Friends" with his mother. As a student, he wrote poetry and often received awards for his writings. He posted his work to an online poetry website for roughly one year, where he received some attention. Through this, RM grew interested in pursuing a literary career but decided against it.

Below is a list of RM's own songs. To see songs he has made as a member of BTS, see BTS.

Kim Seok-jin

Kim Seok-jin (; born on December 4, 1992), also known by his stage name Jin, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and member of the South Korean boy band BTS since June 2013. Kim was recruited for the group while in university and joined Big Hit Entertainment as an actor, eventually becoming a Korean idol. Kim has co-written and released three solo tracks with BTS: "Awake" (2016), "Epiphany" (2018), and "" (2020), all of which have charted on South Korea's Gaon Digital Chart. 

In 2019, Jin released his first independent song, the digital track "Tonight". He also appeared on the 2016 "" soundtrack alongside BTS member V.

Kim Seok-jin was born on December 4, 1992, in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. He has an older brother.

J-Hope

J-Hope released his first solo mixtape, "Hope World", March 1, 2018. A lot of people liked the album. His debut at number 63 (and subsequent peak at number 38) made him the highest charting solo Korean artist on the "Billboard" 200 at the time of the mixtape's release. In September 27, 2019, he released his song "Chicken Noodle Soup" featuring Becky G. J-Hope released his first studio album, "Jack In The Box", July 15, 2022, and the most biggest album on iTunes.

J-Hope makes music on the side while performing with the rest of BTS.

His stage name, "J-Hope (제이홉)" (transliteration: "Jeihop"), comes from his desire to represent hope for fans, as well as to be "the hope of BTS".

It is also a reference to the Greek myth of Pandora's box, as after the box was opened and all the evils inside were released to the world, the only thing left at the bottom was hope.

J-Hope currently lives in Seoul with the other members of BTS.

On February 18, 2019, J-Hope donated 100 million Korean won (US$89,000) to Child Fund Korea, in support of those attending his high school alma mater in Gwangju. He had previously donated 150 million won (about US$133,000) to the same organization in December 2018, but requested the donation be private at the time.

Donald Whiston

Donald Francis Whiston (June 19, 1927 – July 11, 2020) was an American ice hockey player. He won a silver medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics. Afterwards he coached at Brown for three seasons. Whiston was born in Lynn, Massachusetts.

Whiston died on July 11, 2020 in Ipswich, Massachusetts at the age of 93.

Ipswich, Massachusetts

Ipswich is a coastal town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 13,785 at the 2020 census.

Charles Sanders Peirce

Charles Sanders Peirce ( ; September 10, 1839 – April 19, 1914) was an American philosopher, logician, mathematician, and scientist. He is sometimes known as "the father of pragmatism". He was known for his works in logic, mathematics, philosophy, scientific methodology, and semiotics. Peirce was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Peirce died on April 19, 1914 in Milford, Pennsylvania at the age of 74.

Michael Silverstein

Michael Silverstein (12 September 1945 – 17 July 2020) was an American linguist. He was the Charles F. Grey Distinguished Service Professor of anthropology, linguistics, and psychology at the University of Chicago. He was a theoretician of semiotics and linguistic anthropology.

Silverstein died on 17 June 2020, aged 74.

Baba Ibrahim Suma-Keita

Baba Ibrahim Suma-Keita (20 April 1947 – 18 July 2020) was a Sierra Leonean long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Suma-Keita died on 18 July 2020 in Freetown, Sierra Leone at the age of 73.


Louis Dicaire

Louis Dicaire (29 August 1946 – 19 July 2020) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop. He was the auxiliary bishop of Saint-Jean-Longueuil from 2004 until his death. Dicaire was Auxiliary Bishop of Montreal from 1999 to 2004. He was born in Montreal. 

Dicaire died on 19 July 2020 in Montreal, aged 73.

Mikołaj Kubica

Mikołaj Kubica (27 October 1945 – 19 July 2020) was a Polish gymnast. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Niedobczyce, Poland.

Kubica died on 19 July 2020, aged 74.


Esther Salas

Esther Salas (born December 29, 1968) is an American District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey sitting in Newark, New Jersey. She was a United States Magistrate Judge of the same court from 2006 until her confirmation as a district judge in 2011. 

Salas is the first Hispanic woman to be a United States Magistrate Judge and as a United States District Judge in the District of New Jersey.

On July 19, 2020, an anti-feminist lawyer, Roy Den Hollander, targeted Salas' family at their home. Salas's son Daniel, aged 20, opened the door when Den Hollander knocked and opened fire, killing Daniel at the scene. Her husband Mark was also shot multiple times and left in a critical but stable condition. Salas was in the basement at the time of the attack and was not injured.

Monterey Park, California

Monterey Park is a city in the western San Gabriel Valley region of Los Angeles County, California in the Los Angeles metropolitan area, United States. It is about from Los Angeles. In the 2020 Census, the city had a total population of 61,096.

Jorge Villavicencio

Jorge Alejandro Villavicencio Álvarez (1958 – 20 July 2020) was a Guatemalan surgeon and politician. He was Minister of Public Health and Social Assistance from 2 May 2012 to 24 September 2014 during the Otto Pérez Molina presidency. 

In 2019, Villavicencio was arrested and sent to a private military prison over corruption accusations.

Villavicencio died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Guatemala City on 20 July 2020, aged 62.

Suka K. Frederiksen

Suka K. Frederiksen (July 18, 1965 – July 21, 2020) was a Greenlandic politician. She was the Foreign Minister of Greenland from 2017 until her death under the Kim Kielsen cabinet. Frederiksen was a member of the Inatsisartut from 2014 until her death. Frederiksen was a member of the Siumut party.

Frederiksen died after a long-illness on July 21, 2020 at the age of 55.

Inatsisartut

The Inatsisartut ('), also known as the Parliament of Greenland in English, is the unicameral parliament (legislative branch) of Greenland. It was created in 1979, it meets in Inatsisartut, on the islet of Nuuk Center in central Nuuk.

There are 31 members. They are elected for four-year periods.

Annie Ross

Annabelle Allan Short (25 July 1930 – 21 July 2020), known professionally as Annie Ross, was a British-American jazz singer-songwriter and actress. She was best known as a member of the jazz vocal trio Lambert, Hendricks & Ross. She also wrote the song "Twisted". An actress, she appeared in the movie "Short Cuts". Ross was born in London.

Ross died on 21 July 2020 in New York City from problems caused by emphysema and heart disease, four days before her 90th birthday.

Mike Slemen

Michael Anthony Charles Slemen (11 May 1951 – 20 July 2020) was an English international rugby union player. He toured South Africa in 1980 with the British and Irish Lions and at the time played club rugby for Liverpool. His career lasted from 1976 to 1980. 

He died on 21 July 2020, aged 69.

Paul Lynde

Paul Edward Lynde (; June 13, 1926 – January 10, 1982) was an American comedian, actor and game show panelist. Lynde was well known for his roles as Uncle Arthur on "Bewitched," the father Harry MacAfee in "Bye Bye Birdie," and as a regular "center square" panelist on the game show "The Hollywood Squares" from 1968 to 1981. 

He also voiced animated characters for four Hanna-Barbera works. He was secretly gay.

Lynde died of a heart attack at his home in Beverly Hills, California on January 10, 1982 at the age of 55.

Simon Russell Beale

Sir Simon Russell Beale, (born 12 January 1961) is an English actor, author and music historian. He was born in Penang, Malaya (present-day Malaysia). 

He appeared in "Persuasion" (1995), "The Young Visiters" (2003), "Dunkirk" (2004), "The Deep Blue Sea" (2011) and as Falstaff in the BBC made-for-television movies "Henry IV, Part I and Part II" (2012). 

He was part of the main cast of Showtime's "Penny Dreadful". He also appeared in "Into the Woods" (2014) and "The Death of Stalin" (2017).

Charles Simonyi

Charles Simonyi (; , ; born September 10, 1948) is a Hungarian-born American software architect. He started and led Microsoft's applications group, where he built the first versions of Microsoft Office. 

He founded and led Intentional Software. 

In April 2007, aboard Soyuz TMA-10, he became the fifth space tourist and the second Hungarian in space. In March 2009, aboard Soyuz TMA-14, he made a second trip to the International Space Station. 

His net worth is US$3.3 billion. He was born in Budapest.

Stephen A. Schwarzman

Stephen Allen Schwarzman (born February 14, 1947) is an American businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He is the chairman and CEO of The Blackstone Group. His wealth was at $17.2 billion as of October 2019. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

As of 2019, "Forbes" ranked Schwarzman at 100th on its World's Billionaires List. He was Chairman of President Donald Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum in 2017.

Separate classroom

Separate classroom or special class is a class for students with a disability who are grouped together for a special education program based on how similar their needs are. They may have the same disability or have different disabilities but their needs should be the same. Students attend separate classrooms while also attending a regular school. For example, a child with moderate intellectual disability is eligible for special classes in which self-care is emphasized instead of academic achievement. 


Kurangumala

Kurangumala (Monkey Hill) is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kurangumala.

St. Thomas College is near Kurangumala.

Kurangumala is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The tropical climate is moderate and pleasant. 

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kurisumuttom

Kurisumuttom is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kurisumuttom.

Kurisumuttom is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kuttappuzha

Kuttappuzha is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kuttappuzha.

Kuttappuzha is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kuttimannilbethel

Kuttimannilbethel is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kuttimannilbethel.

Kuttimannilbethel is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Helen Betty Osborne

Helen Betty Osborne, or Betty Osborne (July 16, 1952 – November 13, 1971), was a Cree woman who was kidnapped and murdered while walking down the street in The Pas, Manitoba.

Osborne was born on the reserve of Norway House, Manitoba, to Joe and Justine (née McKay) Osborne. She wanted to become a teacher. There was no secondary school in Norway House so she had to leave home for further education. She spent two years at Guy Hill Residential School, just outside The Pas, Manitoba, a town of European Canadians, Métis, and Cree people. In the fall of 1971, Osborne attended Margaret Barbour Collegiate in The Pas. Back then in Canada, a collegiate institute was a high school for students who wanted to go to university. She stayed with the Bensons, a non-aboriginal family.

On the evening of her death, Osborne had spent time with friends at The Northern Lite Cafe and then at the Bensons' place before heading back downtown. Around midnight, Osborne's friends returned home; not much is known about where Osborne was or what she was doing after that. She was walking home at approximately 2:30 a.m. when she was abducted, beaten, and stabbed with a screwdriver over 50 times. The following day, a boy named Kenny Gurba discovered her naked body. He and his father called the police.

Police at first suspected her ex-boyfriend, Cornelius Bighetty. His name was cleared after successfully passing a lie detector test. She and Cornelius had an argument earlier in the evening at the Cambrian Hotel. At first, attention was placed on Betty's friends. Unfortunately, poor recording and preserving of evidence at the Pump House (the crime scene) seriously affected the investigation.

Dwayne Archie Johnston, James Robert Paul Houghton, Lee Scott Colgan and Norman Bernard Manger, four young white men from The Pas, were accused of killing her. However, it was not until December 1987, sixteen years after her death, that any of them were convicted of the crime. It was at this time that Constable Rob Urbanowski took over the investigation and placed an ad in the local newspaper asking for witnesses to come forward. Even then, only Johnston was convicted, as Houghton had been acquitted, Colgan had received immunity for testifying against Houghton and Johnston, and Manger was never charged.

The Aboriginal Justice Implementation Commission did an investigation into concerns about how long it took to solve her case. According to the Commission report, Osborne's autopsy showed that "along with well over 50 stab wounds, her skull, cheekbones and palate were broken, her lungs were damaged, and one kidney was torn. Her body showed extensive bruising." The Commission concluded that the most significant factors prolonging the case were racism, sexism and indifference of white people.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police officially closed the Osborne case on February 12, 1999.

A formal apology from the Manitoba government was given by Gord Mackintosh, Manitoba's Minister of Justice, on July 14, 2000. The apology addressed the failure of the province's justice system in Osborne's case. The province also created a scholarship in Osborne's name for Aboriginal women.

The Pas, Manitoba, is still affected by this event. Recently, there has been a movement by the Aboriginal community to build healthier communities and this is having a positive impact on the town and surrounding community.

To remember Helen Betty Osborne, the town of Norway House named a school after her. The University of Winnipeg's Wii Chiiwaakanak Learning Centre is located in a building named after Osborne.

On March 26, 2008, the Osborne family again grieved as her brother was found slain in his apartment in downtown Winnipeg. It was Winnipeg's sixth homicide of 2008.

On December 2, 2008, a graphic novel entitled 'The Life of Helen Betty Osborne' was published by The Helen Betty Osborne Memorial Foundation. The purpose of the graphic novel was to educate youth about racism, sexism, and indifference.

Canadian Indie-Folk Rock band The Wooden Sky has produced a four-song EP entitled "The Lonesome Death of Helen Betty Osborne" and has also released a song with the same title on their full-length album "When Lost At Sea" in recognition of Osborne. Lyrics to the song discuss the night of Osborne's murder.

Robert Munsch, a Canadian children's author, discussed his experience of being walked to the grave of Helen Betty Osborne one year before her perpetrators were captured. He discussed how this single incident led to a complete evolution not only in his writing as a children's author, but also in his philosophy of life.

The Osborne case is a considered an influence on Tomson Highway's "The Rez Sisters" (1986). The character Zhaboonigan Peterson, a mentally challenged young woman, performs a monologue in which she describes being raped by two white men with a screwdriver (Osborne was stabbed 56 times with a screwdriver). Highway attended junior high school in The Pas and graduated a year before Osborne's rape and murder.

In 1991, a CBC TV miniseries about the Osborne kidnapping and murder was made, entitled "Conspiracy of Silence".

Dobby Dobson

Highland "Dobby" Dobson OD (July 5, 1942 – July 21, 2020) was a Jamaican reggae singer and record producer. He was nicknamed "The Loving Pauper" after one of his best known songs. He was born in Kingston, Jamaica. In 1971, he recorded "That Wonderful Sound" for Rupie Edwards, which sold over 40,000 copies in the Caribbean, and was followed up by the equally successful "Endlessly".

Dobson died on July 21 2020 from COVID-19 in Florida, aged 78.

Half-space (geometry)

When a cartesian plane (Infinite 2D space) is split with a line (doesn’t matter where) the two sides will be of equal area (because the plane is infinite on each side of the line), each side is known as a half-space. This concept applies to 3-D Euclidean space aswell.

Calexico, California

Calexico is a city in Imperial County, California.

Ray Hannigan

Raymond James Hannigan (July 14, 1927 – July 18, 2020) was a Canadian-American professional ice hockey right winger. He played 3 games for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL. Hannigan was ordained in 1991 as a Catholic priest and later lived in the United States.

Hannigan was born in Schumacher, Ontario. He died in Mesa, Arizona on July 18, 2020 at the age of 93.

Carson, California

Carson is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Hal Bernson

Harold M. Bernson, known as Hal Bernson, (November 19, 1930 – July 20, 2020) was an American politician and clothier businessman. He was born in South Gate, California. Bernson was a member of the Los Angeles City Council between 1979 to 2003. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Bernson died on July 20, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 89.

Index case

The index case (occasionally referred to as patient zero) is the first patient in a disease epidemic within a large population, or the first documented patient included in an epidemiological study. 

Phineas Gage

Phineas P. Gage (July 9, 1823 – May 21, 1860) was an American railroad construction foreman. He is known for his unlikely survival of an accident in which a large iron rod was driven completely through his head, destroying much of his brain's left frontal lobe. This caused effects on his personality and behavior over the remaining 12 years of his life.

Gage was born in Lebanon, New Hampshire. He died on May 21, 1860 in the San Francisco Bay Area from status epilepticus (a form of a seizure), aged 36.

Tim Smith (Cardiacs)

Timothy Charles Smith (3 July 1961 – 21 July 2020) was an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and music video director. He was best known as the frontman of the cult English band Cardiacs. He was born in Carshalton, Surrey.

In June 2008, Smith suffered from a heart attack and stroke which left him physically disabled. He died on 21 July 2020, aged 59.

Elize Cawood

Elize Cawood (28 June 1952 – 18 July 2020) was a South African actress. On television, she was known for her role as Pop in "Verspeelde lente" (1984). Her best known movies were "Dis ek, Anna" and "Red Dust". She was born in Bloemfontein, then Union of South Africa.

Cawood died on 18 July 2020 from lung cancer in Cape Town, Western Cape, aged 68.

Forest View, Illinois

Forest View is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Jesup, Georgia

Jesup is a city in Wayne County, Georgia, United States. The population was 9,809 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Wayne County.

Waynesboro, Mississippi

Waynesboro is a city in Wayne County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 4,567 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wayne County.

Nihon University

Nihon University is one of the oldest private universities in Japan.

Nihon University also has a junior college and many affiliated high schools.



Kuttoor

Kuttoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kuttoor.

Kuttoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

Total area is 1203 hector. Total population of the village as per 2001 census is 18433 .

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).



Niccolò Fontana Tartaglia

Niccolò Fontana Tartaglia (; 1499/1500 – 13 December 1557) was an Italian mathematician, engineer, a surveyor and a bookkeeper from the then-Republic of Venice. He published many books, including the first Italian translations of Archimedes and Euclid, and an acclaimed compilation of mathematics.

Nasirnagar Ashutosh Pilot High School

Nasirnagar Ashutosh Pilot High School is a high school in Nasirnagar Upazila of Brahmanbaria district in Bangladesh. Established in 1937, this school is one of the oldest educational institutions in Brahmanbaria. It is one of the top reputed schools in the upazila. It is situated on the banks of Langan river in the upazila.

Landlord Mr. Kamalaranjan Roy established this school and named after his Grandfather Mr. Ashutosh Roy, on January 1,1937.

Mother Jones (magazine)

Mother Jones (abbreviated MoJo) is an American magazine about news, commentary, and investigative reporting on topics such as politics, the environment, human rights, health and culture. Its political views are liberal or progressive. Clara Jeffery is the editor-in-chief of the magazine. Steve Katz has been the publisher since 2010; Monika Bauerlein has been the CEO since 2015. "Mother Jones" is published by The Foundation for National Progress.

The magazine was named after Mary Harris Jones, also called Mother Jones, who was an Irish-American trade union activist, socialist advocate, and an opponent of child labor.


University of Oklahoma Press

The University of Oklahoma Press (OU Press) is the publishing department of the University of Oklahoma. The fifth president of the University of Oklahoma, William Bennett Bizzell, created it in 1929. It was the first university press to be created in the American Southwest. The OU Press is one of the biggest presses in the region, and it is mostly known for its titles on the American West and Native Americans. The press publishes texts on other subjects as well, such as wildlife and ancient languages.

University of Missouri Press

The University of Missouri Press is a university press controlled by the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri and London, England. It was created in 1958 by English professor William Peden. Many publications are by, for, and about people from Missouri. The Press also focuses on the areas of American and world history; military history; intellectual history; biography; journalism; African American studies; women's studies; American, British, and Latin American literary criticism; political science; regional studies; and creative nonfiction. The Press has published 2,000 books since its creation and currently publishes about 30 mostly academic books a year.

Gian Paolo Dallara

Gian Paolo Dallara (born 16 November 1936) is an Italian businessman and engineer. He is the owner of Dallara motorsports. He was born in Parma. He studied aeronautical engineering at the Politecnico di Milano. He first worked at Ferrari, but later moved to Maserati. In 1963, he joined Lamborghini. He worked as the cheif designer. He helped design the chassis of the Lamborghini Espada and Miura.

Dallara started Dallara Automobili in Parma. From 1974, his team began designing a Formula 1 car. The car was the Iso-Marlboro IR, for the Williams Team. In 1997, his team started making IndyCar cars. They had many victories until 2003.

Sharjah (emirate)

Sharjah ( "") is one of the seven emirate of the United Arab Emirates.

List of the rulers ruled Emirate of Sharjah.

Bob Sebra

Robert Bush Sebra (December 11, 1961 – July 22, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1985 to 1990, for the Texas Rangers, Montreal Expos, Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds and Milwaukee Brewers. He threw and batted right-handed. He was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey.

On July 22, 2020, Sebra died from multiple organ failure in Miami, Florida. He was 58.

Madang big-eyed tree frog

The Madang big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes disruptus") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It also used to be called Richard's big-eyed tree frog. Scientists have seen it in mountain ranges in central and eastern New Guinea, though they think it could live in other places as well. They found it 1500 to 2000 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog looks a lot like the Papua big-eyed tree frog but with more webbing on its feet and clearer lines on its lower eyelids. This frog has short, broken lines on its lower eyelids. This frog has pupils in its eyes that go up and down and open side to side. It can be many different colors. Scientists have found frogs that are brown with white spots, gray with purple marks and green with brown markings on the back. The adult male frog is about 74 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is about 80 mm long.

For a while, scientists thought another group of frogs, "Nyctimystes oktediensis", was a separate species, but other scientists say these frogs are also Madang big-eyed tree frogs.

In the local Kaironk language, this frog is called "kwyos" and "gepgep".

Al-Hasakah Governorate

Al-Hasakah Governorate (, , , also known as ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Al-Hasakah. Its population mainly consists of majority Kurds and a minority of Arabs.

Quneitra Governorate

Quneitra Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Quneitra.

Polk County, North Carolina

Polk County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 19,328 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbus.

Richmond County, North Carolina

Richmond County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 42,946 people lived there. Its county seat is Rockingham.

Thalheim

Thalheim can mean:





Aidlingen

Aidlingen is a municipality in Böblingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 2018, 9,024 people lived there.


Giuoco Piano

The Giuoco Piano (Italian for "quiet game") is a chess opening deriving from the Italian Game and beginning with the moves:

The Giuoco Piano is one of the oldest recorded chess openings. It is also known as the Italian Opening. It can lead to such variations as the Giuoco Pianissimo or the Evans Gambit.

Fayette, Mississippi

Fayette is a city in Jefferson County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,445 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Jefferson County.

Brandon, Mississippi

Brandon is a city in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 25,138 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Rankin County. Brandon is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.

111 West 57th Street

111 West 57th Street, also known as the Steinway Tower, is a building developed by JDS Development Group and Property Markets Group in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It is a 84 story building 1,428 feet (438 meter) tall. It is located on 57th Street near Sixth Avenue.

It is currently one of the tallest buildings in the United States. It is the thinnest building in the world with a width-to-height ratio of about 1:24. The north side of the building rises straight to the top. The south side of the building contains some step-backs near the top.

Construction began in early 2014. The building's roof was done in April 2019. It was opened in 2021.

Louis L'Amour

Louis Dearborn L'Amour (; born Louis Dearborn LaMoore; March 22, 1908 – June 10, 1988) was an American novelist and short-story writer. He wrote mostly Western novels, which he called "frontier stories". He also also wrote historical fiction ("The Walking Drum"), science fiction ("Haunted Mesa"), non-fiction ("Frontier"), and poetry and short-story collections. He received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement in 1979.

After his death, his wife Katie and his children Beau and Angelique continued using the surnamer "L'Amour".

Jos Bax

Jos Bax (29 March 1946 – July 2020) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for RPC, Eindhoven, Helmond Sport, VVV, Overpelt and VOS. His career lasted from 1965 to 1976.

Bax died in July 2020, aged 74.

Zacharias Chaliabalias

Zacharias Chaliabalias (; 8 March 1946 – 22 July 2020) was a Greek international footballer. He spent his entire career with Iraklis playing as a centre-back from 1964 to 1975. He also played for the national team between 1968 and 1972.

Chaliabalias was born in Thessaloniki, Greece. He died in Thessaloniki on 22 July 2020, aged 74.

Dino De Poli

Dino De Poli (24 August 1929 – 22 July 2020) was an Italian lawyer and politician. De Poli was born in Treviso, Italy. De Poli was elected to a single term as a member of the Chamber of Deputies in 1968, representing Christian Democracy. 

He later was one of the founding leaders of the Cassamarca Foundation from 1992 to 2018. 

De Poli died on 22 July 2020, aged 90.

Alexander Gusev (ice hockey)

Alexander Vladimirovich Gusev (; 21 January 1947 – 22 July 2020) was a Russian Soviet ice hockey player. He participated at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where the Soviet team won the gold medal. He was born in Moscow.

Vladimirovich Gusev died on 22 July 2020, aged 73. 

Carlton Haselrig

Carlton Lee Haselrig (January 22, 1966 – July 22, 2020) was an American heavyweight wrestler and NFL player. Haselrig wrestled for University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown. Haselrig then moved on to professional football, where he played five seasons in the NFL. He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the New York Jets. Haselrig was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.

Haselrig died on July 22, 2020 in Johnstown, aged 54.

Roland Desné

Roland Desné (24 April 1931 – 9 July 2020) was a French writer, philosopher, and historian. In the 1960's, he worked with Pierre Abraham to publish "Histoire litteraire de la France" published in 12 volumes by Éditions sociales.

Desné became involved with study and research for the Supreme Council of the Scottish Rite. In 1989, he helped organize the celebration of the 200th anniversary of the French Revolution.

Desné died in Paris on 9 July 2020 at the age of 89.

Tom Mitchell (Irish politician)

Thomas James Mitchell (29 July 1931 – July 2020) was an Irish republican. He was active in the Irish Republican Army. While in jail he was twice elected as a Member of the United Kingdom Parliament, but was disqualified and his elections were not counted.

Mitchell died in July 2020, shortly before his 89th birthday.

Stanley Robinson

Stanley Earl Robinson (July 14, 1988 – July 21, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He last played for the Español de Talca of the Liga Nacional de Básquetbol de Chile. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. From 2011 to 2012, he played for Iowa Energy. Robinson played college basketball with the Connecticut Huskies.

Robinson died on July 21, 2020, a week after his 32nd birthday, at his home in Birmingham.

Chito Soganub

Fr. Teresito "Chito" Suganob (1960/1961 – July 22, 2020) was a Filipino Roman Catholic priest. 

He became well known after he was taken hostage by ISIL-linked Maute group militants during the earlier period of the Battle of Marawi in May 2017. Suganob along with a Dansalan College teacher who was also taken hostage escaped early morning of September 17, 2017 from their captors and were found by the military who rescued them near the Bato Ali mosque. 

Suganob was from Lambunao, Iloilo.

Suganob died from cardiac arrest on July 22, 2020 at the age of 59.

Vivienne Westwood

Dame Vivienne Isabel Westwood (née Swire; 8 April 1941 – 29 December 2022) was a British fashion designer, political activist and businesswoman. She is known for bringing modern punk and new wave fashions into the mainstream. Westwood was born in Tintwistle, Cheshire.

Defence Colony

Defence Colony is a neighborhood in Delhi. It was built in the 1960s. It was built for veterans of the Indian Armed Forces.

Sarita Vihar

Sarita Vihar is the part of South East district of NCT DELHI. It is one of the three tehsils of South East Delhi. Areas like Badarpur, Jaitpur, Shaheen Bagh, Jamia Nagar, Madanpur Khadar and Jasola. are part of the tehsil. It is a very upmarket place.

Ralph Liguori

Ralph Liguori (October 10, 1926 – July 22, 2020) was an American racing driver. He was born in New York City.

He competed in the USAC Championship Car series from 1957 to 1971 making 61 starts. His best finish was 2nd place at the Indiana State Fairgrounds Speedway in 1970. 

Liguori competed in 76 NASCAR Grand National Series races in his career. He had 30 Top 10 and 5 Top 5 finishes in his career.

Liguori died on July 22, 2020 at the age of 93.

Ragaa Al Geddawy

Ragaa Al Geddawy (; 6 September 1934 – 5 July 2020) was an Egyptian actress and model. Her career lasted for sixty years. She was born in Ismailia, Egypt. Her best known roles were as Amna's friend in the Academy Award-nominated movie "The Nightingale's Prayer" (1959) and as Samiha's friend in "A Rumor of Love" (1960).

Al Geddawy died on July 5, 2020 at a hospital in Ismailia from COVID-19, aged 85.

Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah

Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah ( "Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Jābir as-Sabāh", 25 June 1937 – 16 December 2023) was the Emir of Kuwait following the death of Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber on 29 September 2020. He was the Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait. 

He was the half-brother of the Emir of Kuwait, Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah. 

Nawaf was nominated as Crown Prince on 7 February 2006 against the tradition of the Al-Sabah family. 
On 29 November 2023, Nawaf was admitted to a hospital following an emergency health issue. 
He died on 16 December 2023 in Hawalli Governorate, Kuwait at the age of 86.

Nadja West

Nadja Yudith West (née Grammer; March 20, 1961) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general. She was the 44th U.S. Army Surgeon General and former Commanding General of the U.S. Army Medical Command. West was born in Washington, D.C..

West, a physician, was the first black Army Surgeon General, and was the first black female active-duty major general and the first black female major general in Army Medicine. 

West is also the first Army black female lieutenant general. She is the highest ranking woman to have graduated from the United States Military Academy.

Nadja Tiller

Nadja Tiller ( March 16, 1929 -21 February 2023) is an Austrian actress. She was one of the most popular Austrian actresses and was well known during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Vienna.

Her best known roles were "Ich suche Dich" (1955) and "Rosemary" (1958). She won the Miss Austria competition in 1949.

Ichiyo Shimizu

Ichiyo Shimizu (清水市代, Shimizu Ichiyo, born January 9, 1969) is a Japanese women's professional shogi player ranked 7-dan. She became the first women's professional to be promoted to the rank of women's 6-dan and obtain 40 women titles. She is also the second women's professional to win 600 official games.
In May 2017, Shimizu became the first women to be elected as an executive director to the Japan Shogi Association's (JSA) board of directors. She was re-elected to a second two-year term in June 2019.

Shimizu has received several awards in recognition of her accomplishments in shogi and contributions to the Japanese society.


The following tables are the summary of her achievements.

Lahai

Lahai is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Lahai.

Most of the regions in Lahai are covered by forest.

Lahai is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The major income of the people are from rubber cultivation.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year. Significant rainfall occur in the months June, July and August.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

John Schneider

John Richard Schneider (born April 8, 1960) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer, director and country music singer. He is best known for his role as Beauregard "Bo" Duke in the American television action/comedy series "The Dukes of Hazzard" and as Jonathan Kent in the TV series "Smallville". He was born in Mount Kisco, New York.


Madamon

Madamon is a village in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala state, India. It is situated near Pamba river in the Western Ghats.

Agriculture is the main income of the people. Rubber plantation, cattle rearing, and cultivation of crops like tapioca, betel leaf, etc are the other major sources of money.

Hrishikesha temple is one of the major temple in this village. "Pathamudayam" is the major festival in this temple.

This village is place in the way of Sabarimala piligrims.

The Dukes of Hazzard

The Dukes of Hazzard is an American action-comedy television series that was aired on CBS from January 26, 1979 to February 8, 1985. The show aired for 147 episodes spanning seven seasons.

The show is about two young male cousins, Bo and Luke Duke, who live in Georgia and are on probation for moonshine-running. The young men and their friends and their female cousin Daisy Duke, and other family escape many times from corrupt law officers Boss Hogg and Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane.

The series was inspired by the 1975 movie "Moonrunners". The show was the plot for a movie of the same title in 2005.

The show starred Tom Wopat as Luke, John Schneider as Bo, Catherine Bach as Daisy, Denver Pyle as Jesse, Ben Jones as Cooter, James Best as Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane, and Sorrell Booke as Boss Jefferson Davis "J.D." Hogg with Sonny Shroyer as Deputy Sheriff Enos.


Christopher Mayer

Christopher Mayer (born George Charles Mayer III; February 21, 1954 – July 23, 2011), also known as Chip Mayer, was an American actor. He was best known for playing Vance Duke on "The Dukes of Hazzard" for 19 episodes during season 5.

Mayer was found dead in his Los Angeles home in Sherman Oaks on July 23, 2011 at the age of 57.

Sonny Shroyer

Otis Burt "Sonny" Shroyer, Jr. (born August 28, 1935) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his role as Deputy Sheriff Enos Strate in the television series "The Dukes of Hazzard". He also starred in a short-lived spin-off called "Enos". He was born in Valdosta, Georgia.


Ben Jones

Ben Lewis Jones (born August 30, 1941) is an American actor, politician, playwright and essayist. He is best known for his role as Cooter Davenport in "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Jones was also in the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1989 to January 3, 1993 as a Democrat.

Sorrell Booke

Sorrell Booke (January 4, 1930 – February 11, 1994) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as corrupt politician Jefferson Davis "Boss" Hogg in the television show "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Denver Pyle

Denver Dell Pyle (May 11, 1920 – December 25, 1997) was an American actor, businessman and director.

He was well known for his roles as Briscoe Darling Jr. in "The Andy Griffith Show," as Jesse Duke in "The Dukes of Hazzard" during 1979–1985, as Mad Jack in the NBC television series "The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams".

Forreston, Texas

Forreston is an unincorporated community in Ellis County, Texas, United States. It lies on U.S. Route 77 eight miles south of the county seat of Waxahachie. The population was 238 in 2008, but Forreston is not listed in the 2010 census.

Bethune, Colorado

The Town of Bethune is a town in Kit Carson County, Colorado, United States. The town population was 183 at the 2020 United States Census.

Burlington, Colorado

Burlington is a Home Rule Municipality and the county seat of Kit Carson County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 3,172 as of the 2020 United States Census.

Tom Wopat

Thomas Steven Wopat (born September 9, 1951) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his role as Lucas K. "Luke" Duke on the long-running television action/comedy series "The Dukes of Hazzard". He had a small role as U.S. Marshal Gil Tatum in "Django Unchained" (2012). 

Wopat was arrested on August 2, 2017 on indecent assault and battery (felony) and drug (misdemeanor) charges in Waltham, Massachusetts. Wopat assaulted a woman after grabbing her buttocks and continued touching her in that area. 

On July 20, 2018, Wopat pleaded guilty to two counts of "annoying and accosting a person of the opposite sex" and was sentenced to one year of probation.

Lodi, Wisconsin

Lodi is a city in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,050 at the 2010 census. Lodi is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The Trial of the Chicago 7

The Trial of the Chicago 7 is an upcoming American crime drama movie written and directed by Aaron Sorkin. The movie stars Sacha Baron Cohen, Eddie Redmayne, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jeremy Strong, Mark Rylance, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Frank Langella, William Hurt, and Michael Keaton.

The movie is about the Chicago Seven, a group of anti-Vietnam War protesters charged with conspiracy in 1968. The movie was filmed in Chicago and New Jersey.

It was originally going to be release by Paramount Pictures. The rights to the movie were sold to Netflix due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Netflix will digitally release "The Trial of the Chicago 7" on October 16, 2020.

Jeremy Strong (actor)

Jeremy Strong (born December 25, 1978) is an American actor. He is best known for his starring role as Kendall Roy in the HBO series "Succession". Strong has also appeared in many successful movies such as "Lincoln", "Zero Dark Thirty", "Selma", "The Big Short", "Molly's Game" and "The Gentlemen".

Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial

The Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial is in West Potomac Park next to the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States. 

It covers and includes the Stone of Hope, a granite statue of Civil Rights Movement leader Martin Luther King. The inspiration for the memorial design is a line from King's "I Have A Dream" speech: "Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope." 

The memorial opened to the public on August 22, 2011, after more than twenty years of planning, fund-raising, and construction.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial

The Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington D.C., dedicated to the memory of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States. The memorial is the second of two that have been constructed in Washington to honor that president.

It was dedicated on May 2, 1997 by President Bill Clinton. The monument, spread over near the southwest side of the Tidal Basin along the Cherry Tree Walk in West Potomac Park. 

The memorial honors the 12 years of the history of the United States through four outdoor rooms, one for each of FDR's terms of office. 

Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial

The Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial is a United States presidential memorial honoring Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe during World War II and the 34th President of the United States. 

On October 25, 1999, the United States Congress created the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, and charged it with creating "...an appropriate permanent memorial to Dwight D. Eisenhower". 

An early design by architect Frank Gehry was controversial. After several years of hearings and several design changes by Gehry, final design approvals were given in 2015.

After more than a decade and a half of planning and controversy, Congress approved $150 million to the memorial in 2017 and on November 2, dignitaries held a groundbreaking ceremony at the four-acre site in Washington DC. 

The dedication was scheduled for May 8, 2020, the 75th anniversary of Victory in Europe Day, now postponed to September 17, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force

Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF; ) was the headquarters of the Commander of Allied forces in north west Europe, from late 1943 until the end of World War II. 

U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower was the commander in SHAEF throughout its existence. The position itself is similar to that of Supreme Allied Commander Europe and Atlantic, but they are different titles.


David Cliche

David Cliche (July 10, 1952 – July 19, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He represented Vimont in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1994 to 2002. He was a member of the Parti Québécois. After leaving politics, he became an environmental businessman. Cliche was born in Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce, Quebec.

Cliche died of brain cancer on July 19, 2020 at his home in Saint-Étienne-de-Bolton, Quebec, aged 68.

Duško Popov

Dušan "Duško" Popov (; 10 July 1912 – 10 August 1981) was a Serbian triple spy agent. He worked as part of the MI6 and Abwehr during World War II, and passed off disinformation to Germany as part of the Double-Cross System and working also as agent for the Yugoslav government-in-exile in London.

Popov was known for his lifestyle and attracted women during his missions, including the French actress Simone Simon. 

Popov is believed to be one of Ian Fleming's primary inspirations for the character of James Bond.

Simone Simon

Simone Thérèse Fernande Simon (23 April 1910 or 1911 – 22 February 2005) was a French actress. She was known for her roles in "Ladies in Love", "Danger – Love at Work", "7th Heaven" and "La Ronde".

Jeffrey Katzenberg

Jeffrey Katzenberg (; born December 21, 1950) is an American movie producer and media businessman. He was born in New York City. He was chairman of Walt Disney Studios from 1984 to 1994. He also co-founded DreamWorks Animation. In 2018, he founded the short-form media app Quibi.

He is a well known Democratic donor because he has donated to the political campaigns of Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren.

Amravati

Amravati (also known as "Amrawati" or "Amraoti") is a city in the state of Maharashtra in India. It is the administrative headquarters of the Amravati district.It is believed to be the city of Lord Indra, the king of all gods. The city boasts of historical temples of Goddess Amba, Lord Shri Krishna and Shri Venkateshwara.

Amravati District with the rest of the Berar was assigned to the East India Company by the Nizam of Hyderabad following the treaty of 1853. After this province was assigned to the company, it was divided into two districts, South Berar with its headquarters at Hingoli with neighboring region restored to the Nizam and North Berar was reconstituted into East Berar with headquarters at Akola. In 1864, the district of Yeotmal was separated from Amravati. In 1903, the Treaties of Assignment were superseded by an agreement under which the Nizam leased Berar to the Government of India in perpetuity. Berar was joined to the central provinces in 1903 to form the enlarged province of central provinces and Berar. With the recognition of States in1956, Amravati district, along with other districts of Vidarbha region was included in the then Bilingual Bombay State. Since the bifurcation of Bombay state into Maharashtra and Gujrat in 1960, Amravati, along with other districts of Vidharbha formed one of the districts of Maharashtra.

Amravati has a tropical wet and dry climate with hot, dry summers from March to June, the monsoon season from July to October and warm winters from November to March. The highest and lowest temperatures ever recorded was 49.7C on 25 May, 1954 and 5.0C on 9 February, 1887 respectively.

Cottage Grove, Oregon

Cottage Grove is a city in Oregon in the United States.

Milwaukie, Oregon

Milwaukie is a city in Oregon in the United States.

R. K. Narayan

Rasipuram Krishnaswami Iyer Narayanaswami (10 October 1906 – 13 May 2001) is an Indian writer. He is known for for his works about the fictional town "Malgudi." He is the one of the great authors in Indian literature. 

Narayan received many awards and honours including the AC Benson Medal from the Royal Society of Literature, the Padma Vibhushan and the Padma Bhushan, India's second and third highest civilian awards, and in 1994 the Sahitya Akademi Fellowship, the highest honour of India's national academy of letters. He was also nominated to the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of India's parliament.


Stuart Wheeler

John Stuart Wheeler (30 January 1935 – 23 July 2020) was a British financier and political activist. He made his fortune as the founder of the spread betting firm IG Index in 1974. He was best known for his political activism, being a major donor to the Conservative Party and treasurer of the UK Independence Party from 2011 to 2014. He was born in London.

In June 2020, Wheeler announced that he had stomach cancer with only "six months to live". He died a month later on 23 July 2020 at his home in Chilham, Kent from the disease, aged 85.

Leida Rammo

Leida Rammo (18 April 1924 – 23 July 2020) was an Estonian actress and theatre director. Her career has lasted seventy years. She was born in Tallinn. She was known for her roles as Leiane in "A Young Retiree" (1972) and as the dormitory guard in "The Fencer" (2015).

Rammo died on 23 July 2020 in Tallinn, aged 96.

University of Delhi

The University of Delhi, or Delhi University (DU), is a public central university in the capital of India, New Delhi. It was founded in 1922. 

Internationally, the University of Delhi was ranked 474 in the QS World University Rankings of 2020. The same rankings ranked it 67 in Asia in 2020 and 42 among BRICS nations in 2019. It was ranked 601-800 in the world by the "Times Higher Education World University Rankings" of 2020.

Flora (mythology)

Flora is the goddess of flowers and spring in Roman mythology.

The name "Flōra" descends from Proto-Italic "*flōsā" ('goddess of flowers'), itself a derivation from Proto-Italic "*flōs" ('flower'; cf. Latin "flōs", "flōris" 'blossom, flower'). It is cognate with the Oscan goddess of flowers "Fluusa", demonstrating that the cult was known more widely among Italic peoples. The name ultimately derives from Proto-Indo-European "*bʰleh₃ōs" ('blossoming').
Her festival, the "Floralia", was held between April 28 and May 3 and symbolized the renewal of the cycle of life, drinking, and flowers. The festival was first instituted in 240 B.C.E, and on the advice of the Sibylline books, she was also given a temple in 238 B.C.E. At the festival, with the men decked in flowers, and the women wearing normally forbidden gay costumes, five days of farces and mimes were enacted – ithyphallic, and including nudity when called for – followed by a sixth day of the hunting of goats and hares. On May 23 another (rose) festival was held in her honor.

Flora's Greek equivalent is Chloris, who was a nymph. Flora is married to Favonius, the wind god also known as Zephyr, and her companion was Hercules.

Flora achieved more prominence in the neo-pagan revival of Antiquity among Renaissance humanists than she had ever enjoyed in ancient Rome.

Chetan Bhagat

Chetan Prakash Bhagat (born 22 April 1974) is an Indian author, columnist, Bollywood screenwriter, He honoured as Time magazine's list of World's 100 Most Influential People in 2010.

Petit-Mars

Petit-Mars is a commune of 3,601 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Rashmika Mandanna

Rashmika Mandanna is an Telugu and Kannada movie actress in India. Rashmika is one of a small number of actresses to became billionares in such a short span. In India, she is commonly called Karnataka Crush.

Saint-Nazaire

Saint-Nazaire is a commune of 69,993 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Meudon

Meudon is a commune of 45,352 people (2017). It is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France.

Loctudy

Loctudy () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Locunolé

Locunolé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Erbray

Erbray is a commune of 3,006 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Bhanwar Lal Sharma (politician)

Bhanwar Lal Sharma was an Indian politician and a former state president of Bharatiya Janata Party in Rajasthan. He was a former Member of Legislative Assembly from Hawa Mahal constituency in Rajasthan. He was a former minister of Higher Education and Sports in Rajasthan Government. He died on 29 May 2020 at the age of 95 year.

Châteaubriant

Châteaubriant is a commune of 11,974 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Logonna-Daoulas

Logonna-Daoulas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lopérec

Lopérec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Loperhet

Loperhet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Loqueffret

Loqueffret () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lothey

Lothey () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Mahalon

Mahalon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

La Martyre

La Martyre () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Melgven

Melgven () is a commune. It is found in the Brittany region in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Mellac

Mellac () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Mespaul

Mespaul () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Moëlan-sur-Mer

Moëlan-sur-Mer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Rajasthan Legislative Assembly

The Rajasthan Legislative Assembly or the Rajasthan Vidhan Sabha is the unicameral legislature of the Indian state of Rajasthan.

Bharatiya Jana Sangh

Bharatiya Jana Sangh was an Indian right wing political party that existed from 1951 to 1977 and was the political arm of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, a Hindu nationalist volunteer organisation. Later Jana Sangh succeeded by Bharatiya Janata Party.

J. P. Nadda

Jagat Prakash Nadda (born 2 December 1960) is an Indian politician and the President of the Bharatiya Janata Party since 20 January 2020.

Bhanwar Lal Sharma

Bhanwar Lal Sharma (17 April 1945 – 9 October 2022) was an Indian politician and businessman. He was born in Rajasthan, India. Sharma was a member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1985 to 1993, 1996 to 2008 and incumbent from 2013.

Kailasavadivoo Sivan

Kailasavadivoo Sivan (born 14 April 1957) is an Indian space scientist and the chairperson of the Indian Space Research Organization.

He was born in Mela Sarakkalvilai, near Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu state of India. 


Amit Shah

Amit Shah (born 1964), popularly known as Mota Bhai, is an Indian politician and the current Home Minister of India. He also served as president of the Bharatiya Janata Party from 2014 to 2020.

Dil Bechara

Dil Bechara (transl. "The helpless heart") is an Bollywood Movie which is directed by Mukesh Chhabra. The movie is based on John Green's Novel "The Fault in Our Stars""." Sushant Singh Rajput and Sanjana Sanghi lead the movie. The movie was initially titled "Kizie Aur Manny." The movie released on Disney + Hotstar on 24 July 2020. This movie remembered as Actor Sushant Singh Rajput's last film.


Taran Adarsh gave it four stars out of five and called it HEARTWARMING & further added, "A beautiful love story. Sushant Singh Rajput is top notch, charismatic in light moments, makes you moist-eyed in emotional parts. Sanjana Sanghi is wonderful." Komal Nahta of "Film Information" called "It dull and depressing."


Morobe big-eyed tree frog

The Morobe big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes trachydermis") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in the mountains in the southeastern peninsula. Scientists found it between 1280 and 2480 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this is one of the largest frogs in the genus "Nyctimystes". The male frog can grow to 88 mm long from nose to rear end and scientists are not sure how large the female can be. It has rough skin on its back and brown eyes.

Alexiares and Anicetus

Alexiares and Anicetus (Ἀλεξιάρης Alexiarês and Ανικητος Anikêtos) are minor deities in Greek Mythology. They are the immortal twin sons of Heracles, the greatest of the Greek heroes and the strongest mortal to live. Their mother was Hebe, the goddess of youth. Along with their father Heracles, they were the guardians of Mount Olympus, and the pair may have been regarded as the gatekeepers of Olympus, a role which was often assigned to their immortal father. Additionally, they were responsible for the protection and fortification of towns and citadels, they were also the gods of defense and sports. They were born after Hercules's mortal death and ascent to Olympus, where he gained immortality and married the goddess Hebe.Their names mean "he who wards off war" and "the unconquerable one" respectively.

The twins were worshipped the most in Thebes and Rhodes, their powers were said to be youth and sports. Little is known about them besides a mention of their birth in the Bibliotheca: "Heracles achieved immortality, and when Hera’s enmity changed to friendship, he married her daughter Hebe, who had sex with him and gave birth to the twin sons Alexiares and Anicetus."

Rockingham County, North Carolina

Rockingham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 91,096 people lived there. Its county seat is Wentworth.

Scotland County, North Carolina

Scotland County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 34,174 people lived there. Its county seat is Laurinburg.

Stanly County, North Carolina

Stanly County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 62,504 people lived there. Its county seat is Albemarle.

Stokes County, North Carolina

Stokes County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 44,520 people lived there. Its county seat is Danbury.

Swain County, North Carolina

Swain County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 14,117 people lived there. Its county seat is Bryson City.

Watauga County, North Carolina

Watauga County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 54,086 people lived there. Its county seat is Boone.

Keith Sonnier

Keith Sonnier (July 31, 1941 – July 18, 2020) was an American postminimalist sculptor, performance artist, video and light artist. Sonnier was one of the first artists to use light in sculpture in the 1960s. Sonnier was a part of the Process Art movement. He was born in Mamou, Louisiana.

Sonnier died in Southampton, New York, on 18 July 2020 from colon cancer at the age of 78.

Bruce G. Blair

Bruce G. Blair (November 16, 1947 – July 19, 2020) was an American nuclear security expert and a research scholar. He worked at the Program on Science and Global Security at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. His works focused on technical and policy steps on the path toward the elimination of nuclear weapons. He was co-founder of Global Zero.

Blair was born in Creston, Iowa. He died on July 19, 2020 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from a stroke, aged 72.

Hümmel

Hümmel is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Doug Rogers (judoka)

Alfred Harold Douglas "Doug" Rogers (January 26, 1941 – July 20, 2020) was a Canadian Olympic competitor in judo. He was the first Canadian to win an Olympic medal in the sport. He was an honoured member in the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and gold medals at two Pan American Games, in 1965 and 1967. He was born in Truro, Nova Scotia.

Rogers died on July 20, 2020 in Vancouver, aged 79.

John Blake (American football)

John Patrick Blake (March 6, 1961 – July 23, 2020) was an American football coach and player. He was the head football coach at the University of Oklahoma from 1996 to 1998. Blake was also the defensive line coach of the Buffalo Bills. He also cocahed at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, from 2007 until 2010. Blake was born in Rockford, Illinois.

Blake died on July 23, 2020 at the age of 59 from a heart attack while walking in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

José Said

José Said (17 April 1930 – 23 July 2020) was a Peruvian-born Chilean businessman. He was the founder and CEO of Parque Arauco S.A.. It is one of the largest real estate developers and operators of shopping malls in both Chile and Argentina. Said was born in Arequipa, Peru.

Said died on 23 July 2020 in Santiago de Chile, aged 90.

Mahendra Yadav

Mahendra Yadav (died July 5, 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was an MLA from Delhi's Palam constituency from 1988 to 2003. He was convicted in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Yadav died on 5 July 2020 from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic. He had tested positive for the infection on June 26, 2020.

Hohenlockstedt

Hohenlockstedt is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Lockstedt

Lockstedt is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Nozay, Loire-Atlantique

Nozay is a commune of 4,150 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Swedish sj-sound

The Swedish sj-sound is represented by [] in the IPA. It is most commonly spelled with Sj. Sk is the next most iconic spelling, but only occurs before e, i, y, ä, or ö. The spelling xj only occurs in the place name Växjö [vɛːkɧœː]. X is a combination of K and S, so Xj is basically "Ksj."

Wasting Light

Wasting Light is the seventh studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters. It was released on April 12, 2011 on Roswell and RCA Records. It was the first Foo Fighters album with guitarist Pat Smear playing on it since "The Colour and the Shape" (1997) as a member. He did play on "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace" (2007) as a guest.

When making the album, the band did not want to use digital recording as they wanted to sound how they did in their first albums. The album was made in the garage of Dave Grohl, the lead singer and guitarist of the band. The house was in Encino, California. The album was made on only analog equipment. It was produced by Butch Vig. Vig had worked with Grohl in 1991 and 1992 to produce Nirvana's album "Nevermind". The band spent three weeks making sure they could play the songs well before recording, as no mistakes can be fixed after recording on analog equipment. There were also guests who played on the album, such as Bob Mould, Krist Novoselic, Jessy Greene, Rami Jaffee and Fee Waybill.

Six singles were released from the album. The most successful was Rope, which went straight to number one on "Billboard"'s Rock Songs chart. It was only the second ever single to go straight to number one on this chart. "Wasting Light" went straight to number one on the albums charts of twelve countries. Critics said mainly good things about the album, mainly about the production and songwriting. In 2012, "Wasting Light" won four Grammy Awards, including Best Rock Album.

After the "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace" concert tour ended in 2008, the Foo Fighters went to Grandmaster Recorders in Hollywood, California to record 14 songs. They wanted to release these quickly, without advertising or promoting them. They then changed their mind and took a break instead. Three of these songs were released: "Wheels", "Word Forward", and "Rope". The first two were released as part of the "Greatest Hits" album and "Rope" was released on "Wasting Light". "Wheels" and "Word Forward" were produced by Butch Vig, which is what made Dave Grohl decide to work with him to make a new album. Grohl had worked with Vig when he was in Nirvana to make the album "Nevermind".

Dave Grohl had the idea of making a new album in 2010, while he was touring in Australia with Them Crooked Vultures. He wanted to make a documentary of making the album. He also didn't want to make it in an expensive studio with new equipment, but instead wanted to use the same equipment used in the 1990s. He later also said he didn't want it to be the best album they had made, but he wanted it to be the one people would know them for best. He said it would be a lot like "Back in Black" for Amy Winehouse or "The Black Album" for Metallica. The album was also the first to have guitarist Pat Smear. Smear had left the band after the album "The Colour and the Shape" in 1997.

"Wasting Light" was recorded in Dave Grohl's garage at his home in Encino, California. The Foo Fighters' other albums were recorded Studio 606, which was built by the band. Grohl said that he "wanted to make records the way we used to fucking make records", instead of making them in a new studio with new equipment.

The album was made using only analog equipment. Digital equipment was only used after the album was made. Grohl did this as he thought digital recording was "getting out of control". He also said that when he heard new music, all he could hear was drum machines. He didn't like the idea of not using real musical instruments.

When producer Butch Vig heard that the band wanted to use analog equipment, he thought they were joking. Vig then said that the band would have to play very well. This is because mistakes on analog tape cannot be fixed. The band then practiced for three weeks in Studio 606 and chose the songs to use on the album. They started with 40 songs that they had and chose fourteen.

Grohl's garage had microphones and sound baffles on the garage door and behind the drums. There was also a carpet under the drums. This stopped sound from leaking outside of the garage. The small room next to the study was used as a room to record vocals. A tent was set up in the back yard for the control room. There were two cameras set up in the garage that linked to a television in the tent so that the band could talk to the producer in the tent. The same equipment that was used to make "There Is Nothing Left to Lose" and "One by One" in Grohl's house in Alexandria, Virginia were used to make "Wasting Light".

Foo Fighters

Additional musicians
Production

Artwork

Ross Dallow

Ross Philip Dallow (4 December 1937 – 20 July 2020) was a senior member of the New Zealand Police. He was a very important person in improved race relations in Auckland. He was also an Auckland local politician serving as a member of the Auckland Council from 2010 to 2016.

Dallow died on 20 July 2020, aged 82.

François Amoudruz

François Amoudruz (7 September 1926 – 21 July 2020) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. He was born in Albertville, France.

Amoudruz entered the law school in Clermont-Ferrand. However, on 25 November 1943, the Gestapo raided the school and Amoudruz was taken as a hostage after having just turned 17. In December 1943, he was held captive at the Royallieu-Compiègne internment camp. He left the camp on 17 January 1944, being deported to the Buchenwald concentration camp. He was eventually locked up at the Flossenbürg concentration camp on 23 February 1944.

Amoudruz escaped during a death march in April 1945, but was captured and sent back to camp. However, he would be freed by Allied Forces on Victory in Europe Day. He returned to France on 24 May 1945.

He was Deputy President of the Fédération nationale des déportés et internés réesistants et patriotes until 2013 and was vice-president of the Fondation pour la Mémoire de la Déportation.

He was also a member of the European Centre on Resistance and Deportation and the Concours national de la résistance et de la déportation.

Amoudruz died on 21 July 2020 in Schiltigheim at the age of 93.

Mike Adams (columnist)

Mike S. Adams (October 30, 1964 – July 23, 2020) was an American conservative political columnist and writer. He was a professor at University of North Carolina Wilmington. He was born in Columbus, Mississippi. 

Adams' first book, "Welcome to the Ivory Tower of Babel", was published in 2004. Later that year, Adams joined the faculty of Summit Ministries and taught why abortion was bad and defending First Amendment rights on college campuses. 

His third book "Letters to a Young Progressive: How to Avoid Wasting Your Life Protesting Things You Don’t Understand" was published by Regnery in 2013.

On July 23, 2020, Adams was found dead at his Wilmington, North Carolina at the age of 55.

Lavon, Texas

Lavon ( ) is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,469 at the 2020 census.

Jean Brankart

Jean Brankart (12 July 1930 – 23 July 2020) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He was active from 1953 to 1960. In 1955, Brankart finished the 1955 Tour de France in second place, winning two stages. Brankart was born in Momalle, Belgium.

Brankart died on 23 July 2020, aged 90.

Éric de Cromières

Éric de Cromières (20 November 1953 – 23 July 2020) was a French sporting executive and manager for Michelin. He then worked as a sales manager and general manager until he retired from the company on 31 March 2015 after having served on the executive committee starting in 2005.

In 2006, de Cromières became a member of the board of directors of ASM Clermont Auvergne. In 2012, René Fontès chose him to be his replacement as Director of the rugby union club, and de Cromières began his term in 2013.

de Cromières died on 23 July 2020 of cancer at the age of 66.

Sérgio Ricardo

João Lutfi (18 June 1932 – 23 July 2020), most commonly known as Sérgio Ricardo, was a Brazilian movie director and composer. He directed five movies between 1964 and 1974. He was born in Marília, São Paulo. He composed the score for "Black God, White Devil" (1964). In 1974, Ricardo directed "The Night of the Scarecrow".

Ricardo died on 23 July 2020, aged 88, of heart failure in Rio de Janeiro.

Goldcrest

The goldcrest ("Regulus regulus") is a tiny passerine bird in the kinglet family. Its colourful golden crest feathers gives rise to its popular name. The scientific name, "R. regulus", means king or knight. 

There are several subspecies. The bird has a very large distribution range: much of the Palearctic and the islands of Macaronesia and Iceland. Birds from the north and east of its breeding range migrate to winter further south.

The goldcrest breeds in coniferous woodland and in gardens, It builds its compact, three-layered nest on a tree branch. Ten to twelve eggs are incubated by the female alone. The chicks are fed by both parents, and second broods are common. 

This little bird is always on the move as it searches for insects to eat. In winter it is often found with flocks of tits. It may be killed by birds of prey or carry parasites, but its large range and population means it is doing quite well. It is not a conservation concern.

Susan Silo

Susan Silo (born July 27, 1942) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her work in voice over roles. She was born in New York City. 

Her famous roles are Wuya the Witch in "Xiaolin Showdown", Dr Karbunkle in "Biker Mice from Mars", White Queen on "Pryde of the X-Men", multiple voices on "What A Cartoon", Sue on "Pac-Man" and Tess on "Zazoo U". 

She also played the roles of Mama Mousekewitz in "Fievel's American Tails" and Petaluma in "The Smurfs".


The Night of the Scarecrow

The Night of the Scarecrow () is a 1974 Brazilian drama movie directed by Sérgio Ricardo and starring Geraldo Azevedo, Fátima Batista, Ana Lúcia Castro, Emmanuel Cavalcanti, Geórgia Maria.

Incubation

Incubation or brooding, is when oviparous (egg-laying) animals sit on their eggs to hatch them. It also refers to the development of the embryo in the egg under good environmental conditions. 

Since birds are warm-blooded, they sit on the eggs to keep them warm. Reptiles and invertebrates are cold-blooded, and so need to keep their eggs in warm places. Sometimes even birds need the help of the Sun.

Many factors may be vital to the incubation. In some reptiles for example, no fixed temperature is necessary. However, the actual temperature determines the sex ratio of the offspring. In birds, by contrast, the sex of offspring is genetically determined, but a constant and particular temperature may be necessary for successful incubation.

In poultry, the act of sitting on eggs to incubate them is called 'brooding'. The action or tendency to sit on a clutch of eggs is also called "broodiness".

Saffron (color)

Saffron is a yellowish orange color.


Justin II

Justin II (; ; died 5 October 578) was Eastern Roman emperor from 565 until 578. He was the nephew of Justinian I and the husband of Sophia, the niece of the Empress Theodora, and was therefore a member of the Justinian dynasty.

Justin II inherited a greatly enlarged but overextended empire, with far less resources at his disposal compared to Justinian I. Despite this, he strived to match his formidable uncle's reputation by abandoning the payment of tributes to the Empire's neighbors. This miscalculated move resulted in rekindling of war with the Sassanid Empire, and in a Lombard invasion which cost the Romans much of their territory in Italy.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan

Shivraj Singh Chouhan (born 5 March 1959) is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He is the 17th and current Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh state in India.

India Today

India Today is a weekly Indian English-language news magazine published by Living Media India Limited.


National University of Singapore

The National University of Singapore (NUS) is a national research university in Singapore. It is known as one of the best universities in Asia.

Chen Chun Hua, a visiting professors of NUS was reportedly investigated by NUS Business School after she was accused of academic fraud. Upon then, the university removed her profile on it's official website. Chen, who is reportedly from Peking University, allegedly has a degree from a fake university in Europe and pretended to be a “military adviser” for Huawei. Her education qualification begin to gain attention after Huawei issued a public statement refuting her ties to the firm and its founder Ren Zhengfei. Chen's professional biography on Newhuadu Business School’s website listed her qualified with doctorate of business administration from the "European University of Ireland" in 2001. Singapore news media, TODAY, reported that it couldn't find the official website of "European University of Ireland" and the British magazine, Times Higher Education, reported that the education ministry in Ireland had previously investigated the “European University of Ireland”.

NUS High School is a scientific high school affiliated to the NUS. The university also include schools for computing, dentistry, engineering, medicine and many other areas.

In addition, NUS also has several academic libraries and an University Town (or UTown). 


Tyler's big-eyed tree frog

Tyler's big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes tyleri") is a tree frog from eastern Papua New Guinea.

Scientists have not seen many of this frog, but they say it is large, 77.6 mm long from from nose to rear end. It has yellow eyes.

Lloyd's of London (movie)

Lloyd's of London is a 1936 American drama movie directed by Henry King and starring Tyrone Power, Freddie Bartholomew, C. Aubrey Smith, Madeleine Carroll, Guy Standing. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1937.


Ahmad NikTalab

Ahmad NikTalab (also known as Yavar Hamedani in Iran) (22 April 1934 – 3 March 2020) was an Iranian poet, author, and linguistic.He was born in Hamedan.

After education and living in Hamedan for the first part of his life, he went to Tehran to educate in Tehran University. He was also a prominent member of the Iranian Literary Association. Many of Hamedani's local songs have been translated into many Eastern languages while being broadcast on Iranian radio programs. His famous book is "Saye Sare Alvand" (or Sāyahʹsār-i Alvand) which published in 2004. Ahmad Niktalab began his work with the Radio Organization, along with figures such as Rahi Moayeri in 1930, many of whose songs have been sung on music ever since.

Gamera (character)

Gamera () is a giant turtle monster from the movie series of the same name. may of the Gamera series after 12 movies himself in 1966-2008. Gamera depicted as a prehistoric giant turtle over the height from 60 meters to 80 meters high than the incarnations.


Herdecke

Herdecke is a town of the district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.

Sprockhövel

Sprockhövel is a town of the district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.

Holzgerlingen

Holzgerlingen is a town in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 13,103 people lived there.


Glückstadt

Glückstadt is a town of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 11,069 people lived there.


Breitenberg, Schleswig-Holstein

Breitenberg is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Breitenburg

Breitenburg is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kollmoor

Kollmoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kronsmoor

Kronsmoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Lägerdorf

Lägerdorf is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Moordiek

Moordiek is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Münsterdorf

Münsterdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Westermoor

Westermoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wittenbergen

Wittenbergen is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bahrenfleth

Bahrenfleth is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kellinghusen

Kellinghusen is a town of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 8,142 people lived there.


Poyenberg

Poyenberg is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kuden

Kuden is a municipality of the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Achtrup

Achtrup (; North Frisian: "Åktoorp") is a municipality in the Nordfriesland district, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ahneby

Ahneby () is a municipality in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is found in the district Schleswig-Flensburg. As of 31 December 2018, 193 people lived there.

Ahrensbök

Ahrensbök is a municipality of the district Ostholstein, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kasseedorf

Kasseedorf is a municipality in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Quarnstedt

Quarnstedt is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Rosdorf, Schleswig-Holstein

Rosdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Rade, Steinburg

Rade is a municipality of the district Steinburg in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Störkathen

Störkathen is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Willenscharen

Willenscharen is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wrist, Germany

Wrist is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Wulfsmoor

Wulfsmoor is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Drage, Steinburg

Drage is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Dägeling

Dägeling is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Heiligenstedten

Heiligenstedten is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Andechs

Andechs is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 3,751 people lived there.


Hodorf

Hodorf is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bourscheid

Bourscheid (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2021, 1,701 people live here.

Erpeldange-sur-Sûre

Erpeldange-sur-Sûre (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 2,406 people live there.

Tutzing

Tutzing is a municipality of the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 9,933 people lived there.


Ádria Santos

Ádria Santos (born 11 August 1974) is a former Brazilian Paralympic sprinter. She competed in category T11 events at six consecutive Paralympics from 1988 to 2008 and won at least one medal on each occasion. She was a final torch bearer at the 2016 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony.

She won Gold medals at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in the 100 meters, the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the 100 meters, and 200 meters, and 2004 Summer Paralympics in the 100 meters.

She lost her sight entirely in 1994.
She started her career as a sprinter in 1987, at the age of 13, at Instituto São Rafael, a special school for the visually impaired in Belo Horizonte .
Throughout her career, Adria accumulated 13 medals in the Paralympic Games, four of which were gold and eight silver and one bronze. In addition to this achievement, she won about 73 medals in international competitions, and 542 medals in national competitions, including the third championship by the International Amateur Athletics Federation.

Berg, Upper Bavaria

Berg is a municipality of the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 8,296 people lived there.


Feldafing

Feldafing is a municipality of the district Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 4,262 people lived there.


Hohenaspe

Hohenaspe is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Huje

Huje is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kaaks

Kaaks is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Kleve, Steinburg

Kleve is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

North Royalton, Ohio

North Royalton is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Pretty Cure

Each series focuses on a different group of girls who transform into legendary warriors called the "Pretty Cure". With the help of creatures known as fairies, the Pretty Cure use their magical powers and strength to fight against enemies. As the series goes on and stronger enemies appear, the Cures gain new magical items, new abilities, and sometimes new friends to help them in their fight against evil.

Currently, the "Pretty Cure" franchise has had nineteen television series:


The franchise has had many movies:
The franchise has had many crossover movies:

An English-language dub of "Futari wa Pretty Cure" aired on YTV in Canada and Pop Girl in the United Kingdom. Saban Brands made English-language dubs of "Smile PreCure!" and "DokiDoki PreCure" for Netflix.

The franchise has had many console games:
The franchise has had many Data Carddass arcade games:

The franchise has a manga illustrated by Futago Kamikita. It is published in Nakayoshi, a "shōjo" magazine from Kodansha.

A live-action series, "Koe Girl!", aired in 2018. It was made for the franchise's fifteenth anniversary. It is about girls who want to be voice actresses.

An internet radio spin-off of "Yes! PreCure 5 GoGo!", "Club Coco & Nuts", aired on Animate TV. It was hosted by Takeshi Kusao and Miyu Irino.

A radio program, was made for the franchise's tenth anniversary. It was hosted by Hitomi Yoshida.

Maria Ligorio

Maria Ligorio (born 25 June 1970 San Michele Salentino) is an Italian Paralympic athlete. She won a silver medal at the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games, in the 200 meters, and bronze medals at the 1996 Summer Paralympic Games, in the 400 meters and 200 meters. 

Maria Ligorio was born in 1970, and at the age of one year she lost her sight. She turned out to be a good sprinter, she started competing in 1989, following a transfer to Rome for work. Over a decade, she participated in three editions of the Summer Paralympic Games, in three world Championships and four European Championships, in the specialties of the 100, 200, 400 meters, and in the 4 × 100 meters relay.

After taking part in the 2000 Summer Paralympics, for personal reasons, she left international competition and devoted herself to sport climbing. However, she participated in the 2012 Italian Championships, on the occasion of admission to the London Games, and obtained the best result for the T11 category (absolute blindness) in the 100 and 200 meters run.

Sabrina Bulleri

Sabrina Bulleri (7 January 1959 - 18 April 2000, Ghezzano) was an Italian Paralympic athlete.
She won bronze medals at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, in the 4x400 meters, and 100 meters. She won gold medals at the 1988 Summer Paralympic Games in the 4x100 meters, 200 meters, and 100 meters. She won a bronze medal at the 4x200 meters.

Sabrina Bulleri started practicing sports in the ASHA company of Pisa, where she trained with Soriano Ceccanti, Mariella Bertini and Santo Mangano, all of whom became Paralympic champions.

She competed in category 3 (wheelchair athletes), emerging in speed races, where, at the Seoul Paralympics, she won three gold medals, in the 100, 200 meters, and in the 4 × 100 meters relay. She also won three bronze medals. After 1990, she left the competitive sport.

After a long illness, she died in April 2000 in Ghezzano.
In the Migliarino park, in San Rossore, Massaciuccoli , where she worked, an accessible path was dedicated to her, the Bulleri path

Death-grip syndrome

Death-grip syndrome means being unable to ejaculate when having sex because of aggressive masturbation.

Milena Balsamo

Milena Balsamo (born 26 January 1961 Bologna) was an Italian Paralympic athlete. She won a bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, in the 4x400 meters, and silver medal at the 100 meters. She won a gold medal at the 1988 Summer Paralympic Games in the 4x100 meters, and bronze medal at the 4x200 meters.

For her sporting merits, she was awarded the Collare d'oro for sporting merit in 2015 by the Italian National Olympic Committee.
She was born in Bologna, but adopted by Veronese. She was trained in the San Michele Society. She competed in a wheelchair as a sprinter in category 4 and participated in the 1984 Stoke Mandeville Paralympics, and 1988 Seoul Paralympics, obtaining a total of five medals, including four in the relay. In 1992, she left the international competition.

Agnese Grigio

Agnese Grigio (born 12 January 1963 in Albignasego) was an Italian Paralympic athlete. She won a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, in the Pentathlon, and bronze medal in the 800 meters. In 2014, she was awarded the Silver lion by the Veneto regional, Italian National Olympic Committee.

Visually impaired from birth, she attended schools graduating as a massage therapist at the L. Configliachi Institute of Padua. She also started training in sport. She worked, and she continued as a pentathlete and middle-distance runner, winning two medals in the 1984 Paralympic Games

For personal reasons, she soon stopped her athletic career, continuing to play torball (a discipline not present in the Paralympics), at national and international levels.

She is the sister of Emanuela Grigio.

Emanuela Grigio

Emanuela Grigio (born 7 October 1964 Albignasego) is a former partially sighted Italian Paralympic athlete. She won a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, in the 800 meters, and bronze medal in the 400 meters.
Visually impaired from birth, due to a form of congenital nystagmus , he completed his studies at the "L. Configliachi" Institute of Padua. She started sports. After graduating as a switchboard operator and entering the world of work, she took part in the VII Summer Paralympic Games in New York and won a bronze and a silver medal in the 400 and 800 meters.

She later participated in the IBSA European Championships in Rome in 1985 and in 1988 she was again called up for the Seoul Games, where, always in the same specialties, she gained a fourth place (400 m)  and a sixth place ( 800 m). 

He ended his international athletic career before 1992, devoting himself exclusively to torball (a sport not present in the Paralympics), which she practiced nationally and internationally.

She is Agnese Grigio's sister .

Angry white male

"Angry white male" is an insult for white men holding conservative or right-wing views. The term is often used when talking about the politics of the United States.

The term mostly refers to a group which emerged in the early 1990s. They reacted to what they thought were injustices by the "affirmative action" quotas in the workplace. Such people are not necessarily Nazis or extremists.

An angry white male is supposed to be opposed to anti-discrimination policies (such as affirmative action) that benefit racial minorities and women. Supporters of Donald Trump are sometimes said to be angry white men.

The term "angry white male" is also used in Australia to talk about men who do not like feminism.

The term is used for those believed to be opposed to the Civil Rights Movement and second-wave feminism.

Class traitor

A class traitor is someone who is thought to be working against the interests of the particular social class. The term is mostly used by socialists to describe members of the proletariat class who work for the bourgeoisie. Some examples of those who are seen as class traitors are: soldiers, police officers, strikebreakers, and those who help keep things the way things are right now, instead of working for change. Some people think that anyone, including the bourgeois, can become class traitors.

The motives behind becoming a traitor to one's class can include: survival (taking up whatever wage is available), the belief that the person is of a higher class and so has political views that work against the working class, the pressure to follow rules and laws, or disagreeing with the view that society is divided up into classes that are fighting each other.

Karl Kautsky, a Marxist philosopher, first used the term. 

"Class traitor" can also be used to describe members of the upper class who believe in socialism.

Such people sacrifice their ability to be part of the upper-class for the sake of who they see as the oppressed, even if it hurts their status in the process.

Copaganda

Copaganda is when the media show police officers in a good way, and do not show the bad actions that they do. The word is a portmanteau of cop and propaganda, and is used by Black Lives Matter activists. Showing police in a good way is not thought to be true for many working class, indigenous, brown, and black people.

Since the George Floyd protests, the term has been used more to criticize the media.

Although the term is quite new, copaganda has been around for a long time.

Many TV shows are seen as examples of copaganda.

Rajnath Singh

Rajnath Singh (born 10 July 1951) is an Indian politician. He became the Defence Minister in 2019. He was the Home Minister of India from 2014 until 2019. He was the President of Bharatiya Janata Party twice from 2005 to 2009 and 2013 to 2014. He was also Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh from 2000 to 2002. He was a cabinet minister in Atal Bihari Vajpayee's Government.

Bruce Nestande

Bruce Kenneth Nestande (January 28, 1938 – July 9, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican California State Assemblyman between 1973 to 1980. He was also an Orange County Supervisor. Nestande was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Nestande died on July 9, 2020 in Newport Beach, California at the age of 82.

Mary Miller (actress)

Mary Elizabeth Miller (27 December 1929 – 11 July 2020) was an English television and stage actress. She was a founding member of the National Theatre Company in 1963. Miller was born in Norfolk, England. In 1965, she played Diana Gibbs in "Other People's Lives", an instalment of the popular BBC Television police drama "Dixon of Dock Green". She was given the role of Maggie Hobson in a 3 part BBC production of "Hobson's Choice".

Miller died on 11 July 2020, at the age of 90.

Mason Gaffney

Merrill Mason Gaffney (October 18, 1923 – July 16, 2020) was an American economist. He was a major critic of Neoclassical economics from a Georgist point of view. After serving in the southwest Pacific during World War II. Gaffney was Professor of Economics at the University of California, Riverside beginning in 1976. He was born in New York.

Gaffney died on July 16, 2020 in Riverside, California at the age of 96.

People's National Assembly

The People's National Assembly ("al-Majlis al-Sha'abi al-Watani") is the lower house of the Algerian Parliament. It is made of 462 members directly elected by the population. Of the 462 seats, 8 are reserved for Algerians living abroad. 

Members of the People's National Assembly are directly elected through proportional representation in multiple-member districts and serve terms lasting five years at a time. 

The minimum age required for election into the APN is 28.

Council of the Nation

The Council of the Nation ("majlis al'umma") is the upper house of the Algerian Parliament. It is made of 144 members, 2/3 of which are elected indirectly and 1/3 of which are appointed by the president.

Abdelkader Bensalah was elected as President of the Council of the Nation on July 2, 2002, re-elected on January 11, 2007 and January 10, 2008.
Zohra Drif was elected as vice-president of the Council of the Nation on September 10, 2002, re-elected on March 7, 2007 and March 8, 2008.

Moussa Benhamadi

Moussa Benhamadi (4 January 1953 – 17 July 2020) was an Algerian politician and researcher. He was a member of the National Liberation Front (FLN). He was born in Ras El Oued, Algeria. From 2008 to 2010, he was CEO of Algérie Télécom. From 2002 to 2007, he was a member of the People's National Assembly.

Benhamadi died on 17 July 2020 in Bordj Bou Arréridj, Algeria from COVID-19 at the age of 67.

Andrzej Strzelecki

Andrzej Tadeusz Strzelecki (4 February 1952 – 17 July 2020), was a Polish actor, satirist, theatre director and screenwriter. He was the rector of the Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw in the years 2008 to 2016. He was born in Warsaw. His best known roles were in "Klan", "Battle of Warsaw 1920" and "Barwy szczęścia".

Strzelecki died in Warsaw on 17 July 2020 from lung cancer, aged 68.

Franciszek Ziejka

Franciszek Ziejka (3 October 1940 – 19 July 2020) was a Polish scholar and historian. His works focused in Polish literature. He was born in Radłów, Poland. Ziejka became a member of the Polish Academy of Learning in 1997 in Kraków. He was also a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Polish PEN International Club.

Ziejka died on 19 July 2020 in Krakow, Poland at the age of 79.

Margaret McIver

Margaret Elizabeth McIver (7 August 1933 – 21 July 2020) was an Australian equestrian, dressage coach and judge. She was born in Gordon, Australia.

McIver was the first Australian to represent her country in dressage when she competed at the Los Angeles 1984 Olympics in the individual event. 

IcIver was an honorary life member of Equestrian Australia. 

In January 2000, she was awarded the Australian Sports Medal as the first Australian to compete at the Olympics in dressage.

She died on 21 July 2020 at the age of 86.

Charles Dewachtere

Charles Paul Dewachtere (22 December 1927 – 22 July 2020) was a Belgian long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

In 1951 he became Belgian champion in a race over 35 km, between Waregem and Ghent. He was born in Ghent, Belgium.


Lunatic

Lunatic is an old term that was used to refer to a person with a mental illness, or a mental disability. The term goes back to the Latin word lunaticus, which means ' of the moon', or moonstruck. It was also used in English law until about 1930, when it was replaced by "person of unsound mind". Starting 1959, English law speaks about "mental illness".

The term "lunatic" was originally used to refer mainly to epilepsy and madness, as diseases thought to be caused by the moon. The King James Version of the Bible records "lunatick" in the Gospel of Matthew which has been interpreted as a reference to epilepsy. By the fourth and fifth centuries, astrologers were commonly using the term to refer to neurological and psychiatric diseases.Philosophers such as Aristotle and Pliny the Elder argued that the full moon induced insane individuals with bipolar disorder by providing light during nights which would otherwise have been dark, and affecting susceptible individuals through the well-known route of sleep deprivation. Until at least 1700, it was also a common belief that the moon influenced fevers, rheumatism, episodes of epilepsy and other diseases.


Luzius Wildhaber

Luzius Wildhaber (18 January 1937 – 22 July 2020) was a Swiss judge. He was born in Basel. He was the first President of the European Court of Human Rights. Wildhaber was elected on 24 July 1998, and was in the office from 1 November 1998 to 18 January 2007.

Wildhaber died on 22 July 2020, aged 83.

Bernard Ładysz

Bernard Ładysz (24 July 1922 – 25 July 2020) was a Polish opera singer and actor. His recordings include "Lucia di Lammermoor" (with Maria Callas) and "The Devils of Loudon" (with Tatiana Troyanos). He was born in Wilno, then Poland.

His best known roles were in "The Doll" (1968), "Ziemia obiecana" (1974), "The Quack" (1982), "Pierścień i róża" (1986) and "Ogniem i mieczem" (1999).

Ładysz died on 25 July 2020 in Warsaw, one day after his 98th birthday.

Emmanuel Farhi

Emmanuel Farhi (September 8, 1978 – July 23, 2020) was a French economist. He was a professor of economics at Harvard University. His research focused on macroeconomics and finance. He was a member of the French Economic Analysis Council to the French Prime Minister from 2010 to 2012.

Farhi died on July 23, 2020 at the age of 41.

Alan Garner (footballer)

Alan Henry Garner (2 February 1951 – 23 July 2020) was an English professional footballer. He was best known as a player for Watford.

Garner only made two league appearances before moving on to Luton Town in 1971. Garner played 88 times in the league and helped Luton to promotion in 1973–74. 

At Watford, Garner became a key player, appearing 200 times in the league during his five years at Vicarage Road. His career later focused into non-League football with Barnet.

Tomas Joson III

Tomas Noriel Joson III (May 10, 1948 – July 23, 2020) was a Filipino politician, businessman and lawyer. He was a Governor of Nueva Ecija for one term from 1992 to 1995, and was re-elected for another three terms from 1998 to 2007. Joson was born in Santo Domingo, Nueva Ecija.

In 2019, Joson was found guilty of three counts of graft and sentenced to between six and ten years' imprisonment for each count. Joson was acquitted in 2020.

Joson died on July 23, 2020 at the age of 72.

Paolo Sassone-Corsi

Paolo Sassone-Corsi (8 June 1956 – 22 July 2020) was an Italian researcher and molecular biologist. He was born in Naples, Italy. Sassone-Corsi's work largely focused on the implementation of molecular approaches for cell signaling, circadian rhythm, epigenetics, and the plasticity of the genome.

Sassone-Corsi died on 23 July 2020 in Irvine, California at the age of 64.

Azimzhan Askarov

Azimzhan Askarov (; 17 May 1951 – 25 July 2020) was an Uzbek Kyrgyzstani political activist. He founded the group "Vozduh" in 2002 to investigate police brutality. During the 2010 ethnic clashes.

He was arrested and prosecuted on charges of creating mass disturbances and complicity in murder. Following a trial protested by several international human rights groups for alleged torture and the courtroom intimidation of witnesses by police—Askarov was given a life sentence. 

In November 2010, Askarov's health was reported to be rapidly in bad health as a result of his confinement. Amnesty International honored him as a prisoner of conscience.

In 2015, the U.S. gave the 2014 Human Rights Defender Award on Askarov. The Kyrgyz government protested this decision and formally terminated a 1993 agreement on cooperation between the U.S. and Kyrgyzstan. 

On 12 July 2016, the Supreme Court of Kyrgyzstan revoked the life sentence against Askarov and sent his case to the Chui Oblast Court for review. He was resentenced for life on 24 January 2017. 

Ivanitsky died on 25 July 2020 while serving his life sentence at a prison in Bishkek from pneumonia, aged 69.


Aleksandr Ivanitsky

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Ivanitsky (; 8 October 1937 – 22 July 2020) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling. He won a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Ivanitsky died on 22 July 2020 from a possible drowning, aged 82.

Dominic Sonic

Dominic Sonic, stage name of Dominique Garreau (11 November 1964 – 23 July 2020) was a French singer. He released six albums from 1989 to 2015. He was born in Dinan, France. He stared his career by playing with Lamballe-based punk group Kalashnikov. He remained with the group for six years and performed in over 300 concerts. 

In 1987, he began producing his first solo album, "Cold Tears", which was released two years later by the Belgian label Crammed Discs. Sonic took part in the Rencontres Trans Musicales in Rennes in 2002 as a surprise guest of The Stooges.

Sonic died on 23 July 2020 in Les Lilas, France at the age of 55.

Jerry Taft

Jerry Taft (March 14, 1943 – July 23, 2020) was an American meteorologist and weather presenter. He was chief meteorologist for WLS-TV in Chicago. He worked for 34 years with WLS, and for 42 years as a broadcast meteorologist in the Chicago area. He retired in January 2018.

Taft died on July 23, 2020 in Chicago, aged 77.

Paulette Wilson

Paulette Wilson (1956 – 23 July 2020) was a British immigrant rights activist. She fought her own deportation to Jamaica and brought media attention to the human rights violations of the Windrush scandal. Under the terms of the British Nationality Act 1948, Wilson had arrived in England as citizens of the British Empire. 

In 2015, Wilson received notification from the government that she was an illegal immigrant and was required to leave the UK. Her housing and health care benefits were stopped. She became homeless and was denied the right to seek work. 

By 2017, Wilson was facing deportation. She had not returned to Jamaica for 50 years, but was arrested twice, detained in Yarl's Wood Detention Centre and then sent to the deportation centre at Heathrow Airport in October 2017. 

The Refugee and Migrant Centre of Wolverhampton persuaded her MP, Emma Reynolds, to stop the deportation at the last minute to allow Wilson more time to appeal to the Home Office. In 2018, she was officially granted leave to remain.

Wilson died on 23 July 2020 in Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England at the age of 64.

Ice Hockey Federation of the Republic of Azerbaijan

The Ice Hockey Federation of the Republic of Azerbaijan is the Azerbaijani national ice hockey federation.
The Ice Hockey Federation of the Republic of Azerbaijan was founded in 1991 as a part of the Soviet Ice Hockey Federation. After the Soviet Union had disintegrated, the Federation joined the International Ice Hockey Federation on May 6, 1992. There is no organized national hockey league in Azerbaijan, and the country has not played in any IIHF tournaments.

Zheng Shouren

Zheng Shouren (; January 30, 1940 – July 24, 2020) was a Chinese engineer. He was the chief designer of the Three Gorges Dam. He had been a key person in the planning and design of the Yangtze River Basin for a long time. He had published more than 60 papers and 4 books. He was a member of the Communist Party of China.

Dick Bond (Kansas politician)

Richard Lee Bond (September 18, 1935 – July 23, 2020) was an American banker, lawyer and Republican politician. He was born in Kansas City, Kansas. He was a member of the Kansas State Senate from 1987 to 2000. He was president of the senate between 1996 and 2000.

Bond died on July 23, 2020 in Overland Park, Kansas at the age of 84.

Rene Carpenter

Rene Carpenter (April 12, 1928July 24, 2020) was an American newspaper columnist and television personality. She was the wife of Scott Carpenter, one of the Mercury Seven astronauts. She was part of the Astronaut Wives Club and was its last living member. She was born in Clinton, Iowa.

In 1968, she campaigned for Robert Kennedy. She had a syndicated women's page column, "A Woman, Still", and from 1972 to 1976, a television presenter, first with "Everywoman", and then with "Nine in the Morning". She worked for Committee for National Health Insurance.

Carpenter died on July 24, 2020, at a hospital in Denver from congestive heart failure, aged 92. She was the last surviving member of the Astronaut Wives Club, after Annie Glenn died two months earlier.

Roberto Draghetti

Roberto Draghetti (24 August 1960 - 24 July 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for being the official dubber of actors Jamie Foxx, Terry Crews and Idris Elba. He dubbed the voice of Maurice in the "Madagascar" franchise and Eddy in "Ed, Edd n Eddy". He died of a sudden heart attack on 24 July 2020, aged 59.

Dubbing (filmmaking)

Dubbing, mixing or re-recording, is a post-production process used in filmmaking and video production. This is in which more recordings are lip-synced and "mixed" with original production sound to create the finished soundtrack. It is mainly used to translate works in other languages.

These are often used to translate movies, television shows and video games into different languages using different voice actors.

Azerbaijan Futsal Premier League

Azerbaijan Futsal Premier League is the premier futsal league in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1994. Organized by Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan and is played under UEFA rules, currently consists of 8 teams.

Araz Naxçivan is very dominant in Azeri futsal, winning Premier League ten times in a row.


David Hagen

David James Hagen (5 May 1973 – 24 July 2020) was a Scottish professional footballer. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. Hagen began his career with Rangers, where he played 20 competitive games, before moving to Hearts.

Hagen joined Peterhead in 2004. This was to be his last senior club, before he joined junior side Bo'ness United in 2006, where he played for a year before retiring.

In July 2018, it was reported that Hagen was suffering from motor neuron disease. He died of the illness on 24 July 2020.

Ben Jipcho

Benjamin Wabura Jipcho (1 March 1943 – 24 July 2020) was a Kenyan track and field athlete. He won the silver medal in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Mount Elgon District, Western Province in Kenya.

Jipcho died on 24 July 2020 from prostate cancer at a hospital in Eldoret, Kenya, aged 77.


Nejib Ben Khalfallah

Nejib Ben Khalfallah () (1967 – 24 July 2020) was a Tunisian dancer and choreographer. He was born in Tunis, Tunisia. From 1993 to 2020, he directed and staged choreographic shows. His best known works were "Mnema" (2012), "Jardin d'amour" (2014), "Thala mon amour" (2016), and "Fausse couche" (2017).

Khalfallah died on 24 July 2020 in Tunis.

National Assembly (Angola)

The National Assembly () is the legislative branch of the government of Angola. The National Assembly is a unicameral body. It is made up with 220 members: 130 members elected by representation and 90 members elected by provincial districts.

Kundi Paihama

Kundi Paihama (9 December 1944 – 24 July 2020) was an Angolan politician. He was Angola's Minister of Defense from 2002 to 2010. He was also a member of the National Assembly between 2018 to 2020. 

Paihama died in a private hospital in Luanda, Angola on 24 July 2020, aged 75.

Lotty Rosenfeld

Carlota Eugenia Rosenfeld Villarreal (20 June 1943 – 24 July 2020), known as Lotty Rosenfeld, was a Chile artist. She was born in Santiago, Chile. She was active during the late 1970s during the time of the Chilean military coup d'etat. She carried out public art interventions in urban areas. She would use traffic signs in order to challenge viewers to rethink notions of public space and political agency. Her work has been seen in many countries throughout Latin America, and Internationally in places such as Europe, Japan, and Australia.

Rosenfeld died on 24 July 2020 in Santiago from lung cancer, aged 77.

Paul Van Roy

Paul Van Roy (1931/1932 – July 2020) was a Belgian basketball player and journalist. He was born in Niel, Belgium. He played for the Belgium men's national basketball team. He scored 75 points in 1 match.

Van Roy was for over 50 years a local news and sport journalist and correspondent for "Gazet van Antwerpen". He wrote articles for the news agency until his death.

Van Roy died in July 2020, aged 88, from pancreatic cancer. His death was announced on 24 July 2020.

John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan

Richard John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan (born 18 December 1934 – disappeared 8 November 1974, declared dead 3 February 2016), commonly known as Lord Lucan, was a British peer. He disappeared after being suspected of murder.

He was an Anglo-Irish aristocrat, the eldest son of George Bingham, 6th Earl of Lucan by his mother Kaitlin Dawson. He was born in London.

He was a known gambler and became skilled at backgammon and bridge, and was an early member of the Clermont Club. Lucan's losses often were more than his winnings, yet he left his job at a London-based merchant bank and became a professional gambler. He was known as Lord Bingham from April 1949 until January 1964, during his father's lifetime.

Lucan was thought for the role of James Bond in the movie versions of Ian Fleming's novels. He was known for his expensive tastes

On the evening of 7 November 1974, Sandra Rivett, the nanny of Lucan's children, was beaten to death in the basement of the Lucan family home. Lady Lucan was also attacked; she later said Lucan as her assailant. As the police began their homicide investigation, Lucan telephoned his mother, asking her to collect the children, and then drove a borrowed Ford Corsair to a friend's house in Uckfield, East Sussex. Hours later, he left the property and disappeared.

The car was found abandoned in Newhaven. The police issued a warrant for Lucan's arrest a few days later, and the inquest into Rivett's death named him as her murderer.

Many believed he faked his death so avoid being arrested while some believe he committed suicide or was murdered. Lucan has not been found and was presumed dead in chambers on 11 December 1992 and declared legally dead in October 1999.

Jan Verroken

Jan Verroken (30 January 1917 – 24 July 2020) was a Belgian politician. He was born in Melden, Belgium. He was a member of the Christelijke Volkspartij. He was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1950 to 1981. Verroken was a member of the European Parliament from 1979 to 1984. He was Mayor of Oudenaarde from 1983 to 1988.

Verroken died on 24 July 2020 in Mechelen, Belgium at the age of 103.

Victor Brandt

Victor Brandt (born September 19, 1942) is an American actor. Brandt was born in Los Angeles, California. He is known for being the voice of Master Pakku in "", as Rupert Thorne in "The Batman", and as General Crozier in "Metalocalypse".

Elsevier

Elsevier is a Dutch publishing and analytics company specialized in scientific, medical and technical contents. It belongs to RELX Group.

Elsevier provides various services to support researchers. Some of them are similar to Google Scholar by Google.
ScienceDirect is a website which gives subscription-based access to a large database of scientific and medical research. It stores many papers and academic journals as PDF.
Scopus is Elsevier’s abstract and citation database launched in 2004. It gives four types of quality measure for each title; those are h-Index, CiteScore, SJR (SCImago Journal Rank) and SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper).
Elsevier is not a non-profit organization. Therefore, some of their products are not cheap. Due to this difficulty, some universities have terminated their contract with Elsevier.
The French Couperin consortium agreed in 2019 to a 4-year contract with Elsevier. This agreement was made despite criticism from the scientific community.
Almost no academic institution in Germany is subscribed to Elsevier.
CRUI (an association of universities in Italy) sealed a 5-year-long deal for 2018–2022. This decision was made despite protests from the scientific community.
In 2016, CONCERT (an association of universities in Taiwan) announced it would not renew its contract with Elsevier.

In June 2020, the government of Ukraine cancelled subscriptions for all state universities because two parties did not negotiate on conditions.

Elsevier have been known to be involved in lobbying against open access. These have included the likes of:
In 2015, Elsevier filed a lawsuit against the sites Sci-Hub and Library Genesis. They were making copyright-protected articles available for free. Elsevier also claimed illegal access to institutional accounts.


Azerbaijan men's national basketball team

The Azerbaijan national basketball team () is the national basketball team of Azerbaijan. The team is controlled by the Azerbaijan Basketball Federation. 

Azerbaijan has been a FIBA member since 1991, although they have not fielded a senior national team in any competition in over five years. 

At the 2013 EuroBasket Qualification: "(last publicized squad)"


2012:
Coach: Samit Nuruzade



Shankar Lalwani

Shankar Lalwani (born 16 October 1961) is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament in the 17th Lok Sabha from Indore. He also held previously the position of chairman in Indore Development Authority.

Lalwani was born on 16 October 1961 to Jamnadas Lalwani and Gouridevi Lalwani in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. He is a Sindhi whose family migrated from Pakistan after the Partition of India. Lalwani completed his Higher Secondary from Madhya Pradesh Board in 1978. He graduated with a B. Tech degree from Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute affiliated to University of Bombay. 

Lalwani married Amita Lalwani on 10 March 1985, with whom he has a son. 

Lalwani is the current Member of Parliament from Indore parliamentary constituency of Madhya Pradesh. He is one of the handful of politicians to have polled more than 10 lakh votes in a Lok Sabha election, having breached the barrier in May 2019. He polled more votes in 2019 than any other Lok Sabha member. His winning margin was 5 lakhs, with many candidates winning with higher margins than that, especially in Gujarat.


Ladies in Love

Ladies in Love is a 1936 American romantic comedy movie directed by Edward H. Griffith and based on the play of the same name by Leslie Bush-Fekete. It stars Janet Gaynor, Constance Bennett, Loretta Young, Simone Simon, Don Ameche, Paul Lukas, Tyrone Power, Virginia Field and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Maxdorf

Maxdorf is a municipality in the Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 7,218 people lived there.

Donaustauf

Donaustauf is a market town in Bavaria, east of Regensburg at the foothills of the Bavarian Forest.

Dingolshausen

Dingolshausen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Placed at the foot of the Steigerwald (forest) and in the valley of a creek named the Volkach.

Adlkofen

Adlkofen is a municipality of the district of Landshut in Lower Bavaria in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 4,321 people lived there.


Bessenbach

Bessenbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

Bessenbach lies southeast of the town of Aschaffenburg among the Spessart range's outlying hills.

Bessenbach's "Ortsteile" are Beetacker, Frauengrund, Gemeindezentrum, Keilberg, Klingerhof, Klingermühle, Oberbessenbach, Steiger, Straßbessenbach, Unterbessenbach, Waldmichelbach and Weiler.

The council is made up of 20 council members.


This is one partnership that Bessenbach has maintained with all three French communes since 1985.

Gersthofen

Gersthofen (Swabian: "Geäschdhoofe") is a town in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the west bank of the river Lech, about north of Augsburg.

Gersthofen is split into five districts (German: Stadtteile): Batzenhofen, Edenbergen (with Gailenbach and Gailenbacher Mühle), Gersthofen, Hirblingen, and Rettenbergen (with Peterhof).

Birkenfeld (Enz)

Birkenfeld is a municipality of the district of Enz in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 10,238 people lived there.


Kindsbach

Kindsbach is a municipality in the district of Kaiserslautern, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,373 people lived there.


Krummendiek

Krummendiek is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Footlight Serenade

Footlight Serenade is a 1942 American musical comedy movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and stars Betty Grable, John Payne, Victor Mature. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mehlbek

Mehlbek is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Moorhusen

Moorhusen is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Oldendorf, Schleswig-Holstein

Oldendorf is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ottenbüttel

Ottenbüttel is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Peissen

Peissen is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Schlotfeld

Schlotfeld is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Silzen

Silzen is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Winseldorf

Winseldorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Elskop

Elskop is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Grevenkop

Grevenkop is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Krempe

Krempe is a town of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,362 people lived there.


Kremperheide

Kremperheide is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 2,348 people lived there.


Krempermoor

Krempermoor is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Neuenbrook

Neuenbrook is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Rethwisch, Steinburg

Rethwisch is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Süderau

Süderau is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Talbotton, Georgia

Talbotton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Talbot County.

Palouse, Washington

Palouse is a city in the state of Washington.

Mertzig

Mertzig () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 2,251 people live here.

Bissen

Bissen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 3,183 people live here.

Manic Frustration

Manic Frustration is the fifth studio album by American rock band Trouble. It was recorded in 1991 and released on 16 June 1992. The album had faster music than the albums they made before. Their older albums were slower and more like doom metal.

Trouble (band)

Trouble is an American rock band. They were started in 1979 in Aurora, Illinois. They are thought to be one of the main bands that started doom metal. They used sounds from British rock bands Black Sabbath and Judas Priest, as well as psychadelic rock bands from the 1970s. The main members of the band have been Eric Wagner (singer), Rick Wartell and Bruce Franklin (guitarists), and Jeff Olson (drums).

Hurricane Hanna (2020)

Hurricane Hanna was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm threatened northern Mexico and south-central Texas.

Hanna struck Texas as a borderline Category 1/Category 2 hurricane on Saturday, July 25, 2020.

Averlak

Averlak is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Eschweiler, Wiltz

Eschweiler is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Wiltz.

On 1 January 2015, it was merged into the commune of Wiltz.

Neunhausen

Neunhausen () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Wiltz.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Heiderscheid to form the commune of Esch-sur-Sûre.

Reisdorf, Luxembourg

Reisdorf () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 1,234 people live here.

Schieren

Schieren is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch.

As of 2019, 2,024 people live here.

Medernach

Medernach () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Diekirch.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Ermsdorf to form the new commune of Vallée de l'Ernz.

Heinerscheid

Heinerscheid () is a former commune in northern Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Clervaux.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Munshausen to form the commune of Clervaux.

Vallée de l'Ernz

Vallée de l'Ernz () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Diekirch. It was created on 1 January 2012 from the former communes of Ermsdorf and Medernach.

As of 2019, 2,641 people live here.

Boevange-sur-Attert

Boevange-sur-Attert (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Mersch.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Tuntange to form the new commune of Helperknapp.

Helperknapp

Helperknapp is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch. It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former communes of Boevange-sur-Attert and Tuntange.

As of 2019, 4,241 people live here.

Litochoro

Litochoro (, "Litóchoro"; Katharevousa: Λιτόχωρον) is a town in the southern part of Greece.

Massader

Massader of Palestine is the arm of the Palestinian Investment Fund for Development of Natural Resources and Infrastructure Projects. The company plays an important role in developing large-scale strategic projects that aim to develop and use Palestinian natural resources (hydrocarbon resources and renewable resources) and provide various sources of national energy sources, in addition to developing the basic infrastructure for the electricity sector, all with the aim of establishing a firm foundation for an independent Palestinian state.

The company aims to develop the natural resources of Palestinian oil and gas, develop productive infrastructure for the electricity and water sectors, contribute to achieving economic independence in the energy and water sectors, reduce the level of dependence on imported supplies, contribute to enabling the development of heavy industries such as cement and steel.

Massader has won the award for the best solar energy project, from Middle East Solar Industry Association, for the project of installing photovoltaic panels on the roofs of 500 schools and universities throughout Palestine, for a total of 35 megawatts of solar energy.

When Ambrose Dared Walrus

When Ambrose Dared Walrus is a 1915 silent short film directed by Walter Wright.

The film was produced by the Keystone Film Company under the working title "Fire Insurance Story." It was distributed by Mutual Film. It was released in the United States on July 12, 1915.

Nyctimystes cryptochrysos

Nyctimystes cryptochrysos is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on Fergusson Island between 900 and 1500 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also live in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands.

The adult male frog is 48.2 to 50.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 60.7 to 65.1 mm long. Most of its back is a mixture of light brown and dark brown in color. This frog has up-and-down lines on its lower eyelids and gold coloring on its legs and middle.

The scientific name of this species "chryptochrysos" comes from the Greek "kryptos" for "hidden" and "chrysos" for "gold," meaning the gold color on the middle of this frog's body.

The Freeze-Out

The Freeze-Out is a 1921 American western movie directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey, Helen Ferguson, Joe Harris, Charles Le Moyne. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and is a lost movie.


22 Short Films About Springfield

"22 Short Films About Springfield" is the 21st episode of the 7th season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on April 14, 1996. The episode is divided into 22 parts. Each part is a different story that shows how life is for the people in Springfield.

The name of the episode is based on the movie "Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould". The episode's story is based on the ending of a season 4 episode named "The Front". Many parts of the episode reference the film "Pulp Fiction". A scene from the episode became an internet meme after two decades of when the episode was first shown on television.


Bill Oakley calls "22 Short Films About Springfield" his favorite episode. In 2019, Oakley said that the episode is one of the best episodes to watch on Disney+. "TV Guide" put it in its list of the top 12 "Simpsons" episodes. "Consequence of Sound" put the episode on number 5 of its list of top 30 "Simpsons" episodes. "The Guardian" named the episode as one of the 5 greatest episodes of The Simpsons. IGN called "A Fish Called Selma" the best episode of the seventh season but said "22 Short Films About Springfield" was "good competition".

A segment of the episode called "Skinner & The Superintendent" became an internet meme. Principal Skinner calls hamburgers "steamed hams" and says the name came from Albany, New York. In 2016, the segment was put on many Facebook pages and remixes of the segment on YouTube were also created. About 1,000 people asked the supermarket chain Woolworths about "steamed hams". Woolworths said that "in Australia, we call them Hamburgers. 'Steamed Hams' is an Albany, New York expression. Fans of "The Simpsons", this is for you".

During an interview for the movie "", a GameSpot reporter made Jeff Goldblum read the dialogue of Principal Skinner. Bill Oakley, the original writer of the segment, did not like the reading and said "[I'm] not a fan of fairly big companies like GameSpot having famous actors perform scripts I wrote, verbatim, without giving me any sort of credit whatsoever."


Boško Marinko

Boško Marinko (11 August 1939 – 18 July 2020) was a Serbian wrestler. He competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1972 Summer Olympics.

Marinko died on 18 July 2020, aged 81.


Nina Andreyeva

Nina Aleksandrovna Andreyeva (, 12 October 1938 – 24 July 2020) was a Russian chemist, teacher, author, political activist, and social critic. She criticized General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev and his closest supporters for not being true communists.

Andreyeva died in St. Petersburg, Russia on 24 July 2020 at the age of 81.



Flor Isava Fonseca

Flor Isava Fonseca (20 May 1921 – 25 July 2020) was a Venezuelan sportswoman, journalist and writer. She was the vice president of the Venezuelan Red Cross.

In 1981, Isava-Fonseca and Finnish Pirjo Häggman were the first women to be elected to the International Olympic Committee. She was the first woman to be on the executive board in 1990.

Fonseca died on 25 July 2020, aged 99.

José Mentor

José Mentor Guilherme de Mello Netto (30 September 1948 – 25 July 2020), better known simply as José Mentor, was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He was a Federal Deputy from 2003 to 2019. Mentor was a member of the Workers' Party.

Mentor died on 25 July 2020 in São Paulo from COVID-19, aged 71.

Maurice Petty

Maurice Petty (March 27, 1939July 25, 2020) was an American NASCAR crew chief and engine builder. He worked for Petty Enterprises, of which he was part owner. He was added into the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2011. He was honored into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2014. He was the first engine builder to be honored in that Hall. Petty was born in Randolph County, North Carolina. Petty was the younger brother of Richard Petty.

Petty died on the morning of July 25, 2020, at the age of 81.

Luciano Fabio Stirati

Luciano Fabio Stirati (15 December 1922 – 25 July 2020) was an Italian politician. Stirati was born in Gubbio, Italy. He represented the Italian Socialist Party for two nonconsecutive terms. He was a member of the Senate, from 1963 to 1968, and from 1972 to 1976. 

Stirati died on 25 July 2020 at a hospital in the Province of Perugia at the age of 97.

Moisdon-la-Rivière

Moisdon-la-Rivière is a commune of 1,951 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Abbaretz

Abbaretz () is a commune of 2,088 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Bagneux, Hauts-de-Seine

Bagneux is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 40,918 people lived there.

Bois-Colombes

Bois-Colombes is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 28,239 people lived there.

Bourg-la-Reine

Bourg-la-Reine is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 20,667 people lived there.

Châtenay-Malabry

Châtenay-Malabry is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 33,286 people lived there.

Châtillon, Hauts-de-Seine

Châtillon is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 37,355 people lived there.

Chaville

Chaville is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 20,520 people lived there.

Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine

Clichy is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 61,070 people lived there.

Malakoff

Malakoff is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 30,720 people lived there.

Ville-d'Avray

Ville-d'Avray is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 11,453 people lived there.

Motreff

Motreff () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Névez

Névez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ushant

Ushant (, ) is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pencran

Pencran () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Aigrefeuille-sur-Maine

Aigrefeuille-sur-Maine is a commune of 3,936 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Ahuy

Ahuy is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Aignay-le-Duc

Aignay-le-Duc is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Aiserey

Aiserey is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Boulc

Boulc is a commune. It is found in the Drôme department in the southeastern part of France.

Order of Queen Maria Luisa

The Order of Queen Maria Luisa or "Royal Order of Noble Ladies of Queen Maria Luisa" was an Order created by King King Carlos IV of Spain by ryal decree in Aprile 21 1792, at the request of his dominating wife, Queen Maria Luisa, to reward noble women who distinguished themselves for their services and talents. As such, it was established as an honour reserved only for women. The "Grand Mistress" of the order was the wife and thus the queen consort of Spain. The "Grand Mistress" would decide which woman would become a member of the order. It is one of about four orders reserved for women. Others include the Order of Saint Elizabeth (Bavaria) as well as the Order of Saint Catherine (Russia) and the Order of the Starry Cross (Holy Roman Empire).

John Tucker Must Die

John Tucker Must Die is a 2006 American teen romantic comedy movie directed by Betty Thomas. The movie is about a trio of girls who plot to break the heart of manipulative basketball star John Tucker after they learn he has been secretly dating all three and pledging each is "the one". They recruit cute wallflower Kate in their scheme to publicly humiliate the main male lead. The movie made $68 million worldwide. It stars Jesse Metcalfe, Brittany Snow, Ashanti, Sophia Bush, Arielle Kebbel, Penn Badgley, Jenny McCarthy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Nyctimystes dux

Nyctimystes dux is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists have only seen it near Yuwong Village on the Huon Peninsula. Different scientists disagree about whether this frog should be in the genus "Litoria" or "Nyctimystes".

This frog has red eyes and pads, called nuptial pads, on its front feet.

Some scientists think that "Nyctimystes dux" is a separate species. Other scientists think it is the same species as "Litoria graminea".

Rancho Cordova, California

Rancho Cordova is a city in Sacramento County, California.

Kerman, California

Kerman is a city in Fresno County, California.

Nord, California

Nord is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butte County, California.

Robinson Mill, California

Robinson Mill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butte County, California.

Stirling City, California

Stirling City is a census-designated place (CDP), in Butte County, California.

Thermalito, California

Thermalito is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butte County, California.

Yankee Hill, California

Yankee Hill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butte County, California.

Application layer gateway

An application layer gateway is a special firewall which does stateful packet inspection. Some protocols such as TFTP use ports chosen at random. An application layer gateway can strengthen such a system by only allowing communication on ports which are used by one of the sessions. Note that this setup is different from a proxy firewall (also called application layer firewall). Such a firewall will also look at the payload data being transmitted.

MacOS Big Sur

macOS Big Sur (version 11.0) is the seventeenth major version of macOS, Apple Inc.'s desktop operating system for Macintosh computers. It is the successor to macOS Catalina. macOS Big Sur was announced at WWDC 2020 on June 3, 2020.

NGC 4589

NGC 4589 is an elliptical galaxy in the Draco constellation. It is about 108 million light-years away from Earth.

Raqqa Governorate

Raqqa Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Raqqa. Its ethnic groups are majority Arabs with a minority of Kurds.

As-Suwayda Governorate

As-Suwayda or Al-Suwayda Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is al-Suwayda.

Daraa Governorate

Dara`a Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Daraa.

Malaysian Investment Development Authority

The Malaysian Industry Development Authority (MIDA) is the main government agency for improving the manufacturing and services sector in Malaysia and is listed under the Malaysia Industrial Development Authority Act. The authority assists companies that intend to invest in the industrial and services sector and facilitate the implementation of its projects. It includes the wide range of services that MIDA provides, in addition to providing information on investment opportunities, as well as facilitating companies looking for joint venture partners.

Nyctimystes eucavatus

Nyctimystes eucavatus is a tree frog from eastern Papua New Guinea. Scientists found it between 800 and 1200 meters above sea level in the eastern mountains.

This frog lays eggs that are about 2.2 mm long.

Hamilton, Georgia

Hamilton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Harris County.

Ingrian language

Ingrian, also called Izhorian, is a Finnic language spoken in Ingria, Russia. It is almost extinct, as it only has about 142 native speakers left. Most of these are elderly. This has happened because many people who speak Finnish moved there, meaning most people in Ingria now speak Finnish.

Temple City, California

Temple City is a city in Los Angeles County, California. As of the 2020 census, 35,558 people lived in Temple City.

Anetz

Anetz is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Vair-sur-Loire.

Ancenis

Ancenis () is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Ancenis-Saint-Géréon.

Sonni Hönscheid

Sonja "Sonni" Hönscheid (born 27 May 1981 on Sylt, Germany) is a German professional surfer. She is a three time champion in stand up paddling (SUP), and a twelve times German champion in surfing. She won the 2019 International Canoe Federation (ICF) Stand Up Paddling championship.

She won the Molokai 2 Oahu Paddleboard World Championships, in 2014, 2015 and 2016. She won the 2019 Carolina Cup.


Ancenis-Saint-Géréon

Ancenis-Saint-Géréon is a commune of 10,802 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former communes of Ancenis (the seat) and Saint-Géréon.

Arthon-en-Retz

Arthon-en-Retz is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Chaumes-en-Retz.

Cahit Sıtkı Tarancı

Cahit Sıtkı Tarancı (4 October 1910 Diyarbakır – 12 October 1956 Vienna) was a Turkish poet, writer and interpreter. He was one of the important poet on Turkish Poetry in the Republic era.

Ali Sami Yen

Ali Sami Yen (20 May 1888 – 29 July 1951) was a Turkish football player, coach and manager. He was the founder and first president of Galatasaray S.K.

When he was a student at Galatasaray High School, he and his colleagues decided to start a football club. On October 1905, they started Galatasaray S.K. and he became founding member number 1.

New and Renewable Energy Authority

New and Renewable Energy Authority (NREA) is the government institution which is responsible for the promotion and development of renewable energy projects which include solar and wind energy in Egypt. The main role of the authority is providing research and development for new and renewable energy projects. NREA is affiliated with many energy projects which includes Zafarana wind farm the first wind farm in Egypt and Africa, Jabal al-Zeit wind farm, Benban solar park and others.

Recently, The Authority worked in a project (The Migratory Soaring Birds (MSB)) to protect the migrating birds with the ministry of environment. In 2020 the project awarded the International Energy Prize for saving millions of birds from death by colliding with wind turbines in Jabal al-Zeit wind farm north of Hurghada. 

Dumat Al-Jandal Wind Farm

Dumat Al-Jandal Wind Farm is the first wind farm in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, located in Dumat Al-Jandal in the Al-Jouf region, northwest of Saudi Arabia, about 1046 km north of the capital Riyadh. The cost of the Dumat Al-Jandal wind power plant is $ 500 million, and after the construction works are completed, the station will be able to generate sustainable energy sufficient for about 70,000 housing units. The "Dumat Al-Jandal" project was chosen as the first wind energy project in Saudi Arabia, after studies showed a strong mixture of wind capabilities at the project site, so that the expected average production for the wind station is about 1.4 Terawatts.

The project was granted based on the standard cost of electricity, which equals 2.3 cents per kilowatt hour, which was a new record for a project of this kind in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Dumat Al-Jandal wind farm will provide electric power according to a 20-year energy purchase agreement with the Saudi Energy Purchase Company, a subsidiary of the Saudi Electricity Company, the agency responsible for generating and distributing energy in Saudi Arabia.

Dumat Al-Jandal wind farm project won the Best Renewable Project by Project Finance International (PFI) in the Middle East and Africa for the year 2019. After the project achievement of a new record of recording the lowest standard electricity generation rate of $ 0.0199 per kWh.

Work began on the farm in the middle of the calendar year 2019, and it is expected that the project will start generating energy in the last quarter of 2020, and work on the project will end in 2022.

Arizona (movie)

Arizona is a 1931 American romantic drama movie directed by George B. Seitz and is the third version of the 1899 play of the same name by Augustus Thomas. It stars John Wayne, Laura Le Plante, June Clyde, Forrest Stanley, Nina Quartero, Susan Fleming and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Two brothers islands

Al-Akhawayn Islands which means The two brothers island (Arabic: جزيرة الأخوين) sometimes called " The older brother and the younger brother islands" are one of the Red Sea islands. “Al-Akhawain” are located between Safaga and Al-Qusair, and it is one of the best coral and shark gatherings, and one of the best diving areas.

That islands were mentioned by the French marine scientist "Jacques Cousteau" in his book The Silent World, due to the nature of island which a unique scene of coral reefs and crystal clear waters, in addition to the wreckage of two sunken ships, Numidia and Aida, which made these two islands an attractive place for fans of underwater photography.

The waters around the island Characterized by the presence of whale shark (locally called "Bahloul") which is human friendly and facilitating taking photos with the divers.

The Red Sea Reserves Sector has issued guidelines to deal with the whale shark, including warnings against trying to touch, ride or chase the whale shark, as well as trying to change its movement path to allow the whale shark to move and act naturally, maintain a distance of at least 3 meters in-front of it , 4 meters behind it. the Red Sea Reserves prohibited also the use of a flash photography that annoys the shark.

Zkara

The Zkara or Zakraoui or Izkrawiyen (in Berber : Izkrawiyen ⵉⵣⴽⵔⴰⵓⵉⵢⵏ, Azakrawi ⴰⵣⴽⵔⴰⵓⵉ) are an Arab-speaking Zenati Berber tribe established in the northeast region of Morocco, in the eastern region, 25 km southwest of Oujda, in the Mestferki commune, not far from the closed border between Morocco and Algeria.

Aubrey de Grey

Aubrey David Nicholas Jasper de Grey (born 20 April 1963) is an English author and ageing researcher. He is the Chief Science Officer of the SENS Research Foundation and VP of New Technology Discovery at AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.

De Grey was born and brought up in London, England.

De Grey thinks that it will be possible to reverse aging. He thinks that the first human who will live more than 1,000 years was born.

De Grey is a cryonicist. He signed up with Alcor.



Bergen, Limburg

Bergen () is a municipality in southeastern Netherlands.

Guy Lutgen

Guy Lutgen (19 April 1936 – 26 July 2020) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of Christian Social Party. He was the Minister of Agriculture from 1988 to 1999. He was a Senator between 1977 to 1995. Lutgen was Mayor of Bastogne (1976–2000).

Lutgen was born in Noville in 1936 and died in Baillonville in 2020, aged 84.

Francisco Frutos

Francisco "Paco" Frutos Gras (6 September 1939 – 26 July 2020) was a Spanish politician. From 1998 until 2009, he was the Secretary-General of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE). He was born in Calella, Spain.

He died on 26 July 2020, aged 80.

Edmund Ansin

Edmund N. Ansin (March 9, 1936 – July 26, 2020) was an American billionaire. He was co-founder of Sunbeam Television. Ansin was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. In March 2014, his net worth was $1.4 billion.

Ansin died on July 26, 2020 in Miami Beach, Florida at the age of 84.

Summerfest

Summerfest is an annual music festival held in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was first held in 1968. Summerfest is located at Henry Maier Festival Park. Summerfest has about 800,000 people come each year. It calls itself "The World's Largest Music Festival". The title was verified by the Guinness World Records in 1999.

Eddie Shack

Edward Steven Phillip Shack (February 11, 1937 – July 25, 2020), also known by his nicknames "The Entertainer" and "The Nose", was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for six National Hockey League (NHL) teams from 1959 to 1975. He spent eight and a half seasons of his career with the Toronto Maple Leafs, with whom he won the Stanley Cup in 1962, 1963, 1964, and 1967.

He also played for the New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, Los Angeles Kings, Buffalo Sabres and the Pittsburgh Penguins. Shack was born in Greater Sudbury, Ontario.

Shack died on July 25, 2020 from throat cancer at a hospital in Toronto at the age of 83.

Janell Smith

Linda Janell Carson ( Smith, May 3, 1947 – July 25, 2020) was an American sprinter. She competed in the women's 400 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics. She was born in Killeen, Texas.

Smith died of cancer on July 25, 2020 at the age of 73.


Noel Jenke

Noel Charles Jenke (December 17, 1946 – July 23, 2020) was an American football linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He played for three different teams during the 1971 through 1974 seasons. The teams were the Minnesota Vikings, Atlanta Falcons and the Green Bay Packers. Before playing professional football, Jenke was a minor league baseball player in the Boston Red Sox organization. 

Jenke was born in Owatonna, Minnesota. He died on July 23, 2020 from surgery-related problems in Minneapolis at the age of 73.

Wouter Snijders

Wouter Snijders (26 May 1928 – 21 July 2020) was a Dutch judge and legal scholar. He was justice on the Supreme Court of the Netherlands between 1970 and 1986 and was vice president from 1986 to 1998. He was born in Hilversum, Netherlands.

Snijders died on 21 July 2020 in The Hague, aged 92.

Supreme Court of the Netherlands

The Supreme Court of the Netherlands ( or simply "Hoge Raad"), officially the High Council of the Netherlands, is the final court of appeal in civil, criminal and tax cases in the Netherlands. It was created on 1 October 1838 and is located in The Hague.

The Supreme Court is made up of 36 judges: a president, six vice presidents, twenty-five justices (', literally "Lords of the Council") and four justices extraordinary ('). 

All judges are appointed for life, until they retire.

Ejike Obumneme Aghanya

Ejike Ebenezer Obumneme Aghanya (27 November 1932 – 3 July 2020) was a Nigerian military officer and electrical engineer. He was in the Nigerian Army and the Biafran Armed Forces, retiring as a Colonel. 

He was accused of being part of the 1966 Nigerian coup d'état. He was arrested and imprisoned without trial until the outbreak of the Nigerian Civil War where he worked in key jobs in the Biafran Armed Forces. He was the head of the Biafran Agency for Research and Production (RAP). 

Later he was the Chief of Staff of the Biafran Organisation of Freedom Fighters (BOFF) which was the guerrilla warfare and special operations arm of the Biafran Armed Forces. 

He also was Battalion Commander, 44th Electrical and Mechanical Engineer Battalion Biafran Army and later Brigade Commander of the 58th Brigade of 12th Infantry Division Biafran Army during the war.

Aghanya died on 3 July 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 87.

Nagindas Sanghavi

Nagindas Sanghavi (10 March 1920 ― 12 July 2020) was an Indian political professor, author and a notable scholar columnist. His works were written in English, Hindi and Gujarati. He received Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour in 2019.

Sanghavi started his teaching career at Bhavan's College, Andheri in 1951. He later moved to Ruparel College, Mahim and Mithibai College, Vile Parle teaching political science. He retired in 1980.

Sanghavi died on 12 July 2020 at the age of 100.

Chaumes-en-Retz

Chaumes-en-Retz is a commune of 6,759 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 from the former communes of Arthon-en-Retz (the seat) and Chéméré.

Divatte-sur-Loire

Divatte-sur-Loire () is a commune of 6,844 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 from the former communes of La Chapelle-Basse-Mer (the seat) and Barbechat.

Vallons-de-l'Erdre

Vallons-de-l'Erdre is a commune of 6,556 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2018 from the former communes of Saint-Mars-la-Jaille (the seat), Bonnœuvre, Freigné (part of the department of Maine-et-Loire before 2018), Maumusson, Saint-Sulpice-des-Landes and Vritz.

Loireauxence

Loireauxence is a commune of 7,522 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 from the former communes of Varades (the seat), Belligné, La Chapelle-Saint-Sauveur and La Rouxière.

Courbevoie

Courbevoie is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 81,719 people lived there.

Fontenay-aux-Roses

Fontenay-aux-Roses is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 24,564 people lived there.

Garches

Garches is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 17,869 people lived there.

Levallois-Perret

Levallois-Perret is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 64,379 people lived there.


Marnes-la-Coquette

Marnes-la-Coquette is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 1,810 people lived there.

Montrouge

Montrouge is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 50,260 people lived there.

Le Plessis-Robinson

Le Plessis-Robinson is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 29,100 people lived there.

Puteaux

Puteaux is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 44,645 people lived there.

Rueil-Malmaison

Rueil-Malmaison is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 78,152 people lived there. The school École nationale supérieure du pétrole et des moteurs is located in the city.

Saint-Cloud

Saint-Cloud is a commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 29,973 people lived there.

Sarcelles

Sarcelles is a commune. It is found in the Val-d'Oise department in France.


Penmarch

Penmarch () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Peumerit

Peumerit () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plabennec

Plabennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pleyben

Pleyben () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pleyber-Christ

Pleyber-Christ () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plobannalec-Lesconil

Plobannalec-Lesconil () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ploéven

Ploéven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plogastel-Saint-Germain

Plogastel-Saint-Germain () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plogoff

Plogoff () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plogonnec

Plogonnec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plomelin

Plomelin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plomeur

Plomeur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plomodiern

Plomodiern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plonéis

Plonéis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plonéour-Lanvern

Plonéour-Lanvern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bettembourg

Bettembourg ( ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 11,197 people live here.


Political freedom

There are different ideas of freedom. In terms of politics, there are various large movements:

Frisange

Frisange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 4,682 people live here.

Kayl

Kayl () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 9,315 people live here.

Leudelange

Leudelange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 2,668 people live here.

Mondercange

Mondercange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 6,959 people live here.

Pétange

Pétange ( ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 19,154 people live here.

Reckange-sur-Mess

Reckange-sur-Mess (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 2,511 people live here.

Roeser

Roeser () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 6,459 people live here.

Sanem

Sanem (, , ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 17,277 people live here.

Schifflange

Schifflange (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Esch-sur-Alzette.

As of 2019, 11,180 people live here.

Colmar-Berg

Colmar-Berg (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 2,187 people live here.

Kaironk big-eyed tree frog

The Kaironk big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes foricula") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea.

The adult male frog is 40 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is 50 mm long. This frog is bright green and sometimes has white spots. It has a white or yellow belly. The veins in its eyes are gold in color. It lives in forests near small streams where the water flows quickly. Scientists found it between 1000 and 2000 meters above sea level.

In the local Kaironk language, this frog is called "gojmay".

Fischbach, Luxembourg

Fischbach () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 1,239 people live here.

Heffingen

Heffingen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 1,468 people live here.

Larochette

Larochette (, ) is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 2,152 people live here.

Lintgen

Lintgen () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 3,108 people live here.

Lorentzweiler

Lorentzweiler () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 4,083 people live here.

Nommern

Nommern () is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.

As of 2019, 1,421 people live here.

Tuntange

Tuntange (, ) is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Mersch.

On 1 January 2018, the commune was merged with Boevange-sur-Attert to form the new commune of Helperknapp.

Munshausen

Munshausen () is a former commune in Luxembourg. It was part of the canton of Clervaux.

On 1 January 2012, the commune was merged with Heinerscheid to form the commune of Clervaux.

Plonévez-du-Faou

Plonévez-du-Faou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Smile (Katy Perry album)

Smile is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Katy Perry. It was released on August 28, 2020. It was originally planned for released on August 14, but Perry announced that production delays pushed the album back two weeks.

The previously-released singles "Never Really Over" and "Harleys in Hawaii" are included on the album.

Northern New Guinea tree frog

The Northern New Guinea tree frog ("Nytimystes gramineus") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea.

This is a canopy-dwelling frog, meaning it lives high in the branches of the trees where the leaves grow. For a while, scientists thought "Litoria dux" was a different species, but some scientists now think "Litoria dux" is part of "Litoria graminea".

Montgueux

Montgueux is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montiéramey

Montiéramey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montier-en-l'Isle

Montier-en-l'Isle is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montigny-les-Monts

Montigny-les-Monts is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montmartin-le-Haut

Montmartin-le-Haut is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montmorency-Beaufort

Montmorency-Beaufort is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montpothier

Montpothier is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montreuil-sur-Barse

Montreuil-sur-Barse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Sceaux, Hauts-de-Seine

Sceaux is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2019, 20,004 people lived there.

Nort-sur-Erdre

Nort-sur-Erdre is a commune of 8,763 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Bart on the Road

"Bart on the Road" is the 20th episode of the 7th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on March 31, 1996. In the episode, Bart gets a fake driver's license and takes his friends to Knoxville, Tennessee. However, Bart's car gets destroyed and Homer must use a courier to get Bart and his friends back to Springfield. 

The episode makes references to the movie "Naked Lunch", singer Andy Williams, and the "Look" magazine.

Principal Skinner closes the Springfield Elementary School and tells his students to go to work with your parents. Bart wants to stay at home with Marge, but he is told that housecleaning is not a real job. Instead, Bart goes to Patty and Selma's job at the DMV (department of motor vehicles). Lisa goes to Homer's job at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. Bart makes a fake driver's license at the DMV and rents a car with Nelson, Milhouse, and Martin.

Bart and his friends tell their parents that they are going to Canada for a grammar competition. They instead use the rented car for a road trip to the 1982 World's Fair at Knoxville, Tennessee. However, the world fair happened 14 years ago and only a wig shop is still there. They all buy wigs and Martin uses the last money they have on a doll of Al Gore. Nelson knocks down the Sunsphere, which destroys their car. They are left being stuck in Knoxville.

Lisa uses her time during spring break at the power plant. Bart places a collect call on Lisa to help him and his friends return home without having Homer and Marge know. Bart becomes a courier but does not get enough money to go home. Principal Skinner sees Bart in Hong Kong while being a courier. Lisa makes Homer promise that he will not get angry about Bart, so she tells Homer where Bart is. Homer orders a new console for the power plant from Oak Ridge so Bart can get home. He gets it shipped near Knoxville, where Bart is still a courier. Nelson, Milhouse, and Martin hide in a crate.

Marge does not know about any of this and gets confused when she gets phone calls on what Bart has done.

John Thorpe of "Central Michigan Life" called it the 8th best episode of "The Simpsons". Jennifer Malkowski of DVD Verdict gave the episode a grade of B+ and thought that the best part of the episode was Patty and Selma telling Bart about their job, saying "Somedays we don't let the line move at all. We call those weekdays." Robert Canning of IGN calls the episode "outstanding" and says that "it's the way everything comes together that really makes it memorable." Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide said that he loved the children at their parents' jobs and said "when they head out of town, the fun continues."


List of George Polk Award winners

The George Polk Awards in Journalism are prizes given every year by Long Island University in New York.

Historic counties of Wales

The thirteen historic counties of Wales have been used for many purposes for hundreds of years. Today, the counties are different, and there are now 22 principal areas instead. Some of the names of the old counties are used in the principal areas. The historic counties can also be called "ancient counties".

Katyń (movie)

Katyń is a 2007 Polish movie about the 1940 Katyn massacre. It was directed by Andrzej Wajda.

Magda Kósáné Kovács

Magda Kósáné Kovács (November 4, 1940 – July 27, 2020) was a Hungarian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Hungarian Socialist Party, part of the Party of European Socialists from 2004 to 2009. She joined Democratic Coalition in 2011.

Kósáné Kovács died in Budapest on July 27, 2020 at the age of 79.

Primal Scream

Primal Scream are a Scottish rock band originally formed in 1982 in Glasgow by Bobby Gillespie (vocals) and Jim Beattie. 

The band's current band members are Gillespie, Andrew Innes (guitar), Martin Duffy (keyboards), Simone Butler (bass), and Darrin Mooney (drums). 

Primal Scream had been performing live from 1982 to 1984, but their career did not take off until Gillespie left his position as drummer of The Jesus and Mary Chain. 

The band were a key part of the mid-1980s indie pop scene. They later made psychedelic and garage rock music, before using a dance music element to their sound with their 1991 album "Screamadelica". Their latest album "Chaosmosis" was released on 18 March 2016.


William Hill (Hong Kong athlete)

William Hill (11 June 1945 – 27 July 2020) was a Hong Kong sprinter. He competed in the men's 200 and 400 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Hill died on 27 July 2020, aged 75.


Chris Needs

Christopher Needs, MBE (12 March 1954 – 26 July 2020) Needs was a Welsh radio broadcaster. Needs was best known as a regular evening and daytime presenter on BBC Radio Wales. He was born in Cwmafan, Neath Port Talbot.

Chris died on 26 July 2020 from heart disease, aged 66.

Alain Cacheux

Alain Cacheux (November 15, 1947 – July 26, 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1997 to 2002 and again from 2007 to 2012. He represented the Nord department. He was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

Cacheux died of a heart attack on July 26, 2020 at the age of 72.

Rafael Barraza Sánchez

Rafael Barraza Sánchez (24 October 1928 – 26 July 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1951. He was titular bishop of "Drivastum" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Durango, Mexico, from 1979 to 1981. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mazatlán, Mexico, from 1981 to 2005.

Barraza Sánchez died on 26 July 2020, aged 91.

Jim Abbott (Canadian politician)

The Honourable James Abbott, (August 18, 1942 – July 26, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada. Abbott was a member of the Reform Party from 1993 to 2000 and a member of the Canadian Alliance from 2000 to 2004. 

Before retiring, Abbott was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for International Cooperation (Canada). On October 15, 2007, he was sworn in as a member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.

Abbott died on July 26, 2020, at the age of 77.

Kansai Yamamoto

In 1971, he opened his own company, Yamamoto Kansai Company, Ltd., Tokyo. His first collection debuted the same year in London and the United States at Hess's Department Store in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

Kansai became well known for creating stage costumes for David Bowie, mainly during his Ziggy Stardust Tour.

Yamamoto died on 21 July 2020 from acute myeloid leukemia at the age of 76.

Brad Watson

Wilton Brad Watson (July 24, 1955July 8, 2020) was an American author and academic. He was a professor at the University of Wyoming until his death. Watson published four books, two novels and two collections of short stories. He was born in Meridian, Mississippi. Watson's 2002 novel "The Heaven of Mercury" was a finalist for the National Book Award. In 2013, Watson received the Award in Letters from The American Academy of Arts and Letters.

Watson died on July 8, 2020, at his home in Laramie, Wyoming from heart failure, aged 64. 

W. C. Handy

William Christopher Handy (November 16, 1873 – March 28, 1958) was an American composer and musician who referred to himself as the Father of the Blues. Handy was one of the most important songwriters in the United States. He was known as one of the first singers to publish music American blues music.

To Each His Own (movie)

To Each His Own is a 1946 American drama romance movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Olivia de Havilland. The screenplay was written by Charles Brackett and Jacques Théry. The movie is about a young woman who gives birth to a child out of wedlock and has to give him up.

De Havilland won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Brackett was nominated for Best Writing, Original Story. The title song became a hit.

Itzy

ITZY () is a South Korean girl group.

In February, ITZY released their debut single album, "IT'z Different", and the music video for the lead single "DALLA DALLA".

In July, they released an EP, "IT'z ICY", and the music video for the lead single "ICY".

In March, ITZY released their EP, "IT'z ME", and the music video for the lead single "WANNABE".

In August, they released their EP, "Not Shy", and the music video for the lead single "Not Shy".

In January, ITZY released their first English digital single album, "Not Shy (English Ver.)".

In March, they released the digital single, "MIDZY (믿지)".

In April, they released their new mini album, "GUESS WHO", and the single "마.피.아. (Ma.Fi.A.) In the morning".

In May, they released their English digital single, "In the morning (English Ver.)".

In September, they released their first studio album, "CRAZY IN LOVE", and the single "LOCO".

In July, ITZY released their new mini album "CHECKMATE", and the single "SNEAKERS".


ITZY received their first music show win on "M Countdown."

Confirm or Deny

Confirm or Deny is a 1941 American World War II drama movie directed by Archie Mayo and Fritz Lang (uncredited). It stars Don Ameche, Joan Bennett, Roddy McDowall, Raymond Walburn, John Loder, Arthur Shields, Queenie Leonard and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Montsuzain

Montsuzain is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Morembert

Morembert is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Morvilliers, Aube

Morvilliers is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

La Motte-Tilly

La Motte-Tilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Moussey, Aube

Moussey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Mussy-sur-Seine

Mussy-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Neuville-sur-Seine

Neuville-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Neuville-sur-Vanne

Neuville-sur-Vanne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Joel Courtney

Joel Courtney (born January 31, 1996) is an American actor known for his role as Joe Lamb in the 2011 movie "Super 8". He also played the lead role of Peter Moore on The CW's series "The Messengers".

Noë-les-Mallets

Noë-les-Mallets is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Jacob Elordi

Jacob Elordi (born June 26, 1997) is an Australian actor. He played the role of Noah Flynn in "The Kissing Booth" movie series"." In 2019, Elordi began playing Nate Jacobs in the HBO television series "Euphoria".

Les Noës-près-Troyes

Les Noës-près-Troyes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Maisie Richardson-Sellers

Maisie Richardson-Sellers is a British actress. She is known for her recurring role as Eva Sinclair on The CW series "The Originals".

She also starred as King Saul of Israel's daughter Michal in the ABC Biblical series "Of Kings and Prophets" and as Amaya Jiwe / Vixen and Charlie on The CW superhero series "Legends of Tomorrow".

1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal

The 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal is a political scandal that is taking place in Malaysia. In 2015, Prime Minister Najib Razak was accused of sending over Malaysian ringgit (about US$) from 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), a government-run company that was made to develop the country's economy, to his own bank accounts. Many Malaysians called for Najib to resign because they did not want a corrupt prime minister. In 2018, Najib was defeated in an election by Mahathir Mohamad.

A Malaysian politician, Anwar Ibrahim, has asked questions about the true purpose of 1MDB. He told Parliament that the company "has no business address and no appointed auditor" to check the company's finances. According to records, 1MDB has nearly RM 42 billion (US$11.73 billion) in debt.

"Berhad" is a Malay word that means limited. In this case it means a limited company. That means that a company's finances are separate from those of the owners. Members of the public may not own shares in the company.

2009

July

September

2010

May

2012

March

May - October

2013

March

May 5

December

2014

March

2015

January

May 29

June

July 2

July 4

July 7

July 8

July 9

July 20

July 28

August 3

August 17

August 29-30

September

October 20

November 25

December 1

December 5

December 31

2016

January 26

January 29

February 1

February 3

February 7

February 19

February 29

March 23

March 31

April 2

April 5

April 7

April 9

April 12

April 13

April 19

April 28

May 24

May 31

July 11


July 21

August 9

October 11

December 2

2017

March 22

April 24

May 30

June 15

June 16

August 1

August 2

August 11

August 30

October 23

November 1

December 19


December 27

2018

February 28

May 9

May 12

May 16-17

May 21

May 22

May 24

June 5

June 7

June 19

June 27

June 28

July 3

August 4

August 5

September 18

September 20

October 25

October 29

December 12

2019

April 3

May 8

"'July 4"

August 27


August 28


November 11


2020

January 8


March 17


April 15

July 28

Nogent-en-Othe

Nogent-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Nogent-sur-Aube

Nogent-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Nozay, Aube

Nozay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Onjon

Onjon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Origny-le-Sec

Origny-le-Sec is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Ormes, Aube

Ormes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

The Girl Who Knew Too Much (1963 movie)

The Girl Who Knew Too Much () is a 1963 Italian giallo movie. It was directed by Italian filmmaker Mario Bava. The movie stars John Saxon as Dr. Marcello Bassi and Letícia Román as Nora Davis.

The plot is about a young woman named Nora, who travels to Rome and witnesses a murder. The police and Dr. Bassi don't believe her since a corpse can't be found. Several more murders follow, tied to a decade-long string of killings of victims chosen in alphabetical order.

Letícia Román

Letícia Román (born 12 August 1941) is an Italian actress. She was born in Rome. Román had her first leading role in the movie "The Girl Who Knew Too Much" (1963). She also starred in Russ Meyer's "Fanny Hill".

Prakash Ambedkar

Prakash Yashwant Ambedkar (born 10 May 1954), also known as Adv. Balasaheb Ambedkar, is an Indian politician, lawyer and social activist. He became Member of Parliament of India (MP) three times, two times in Lok Sabha and one time in Rajya Sabha. He is the grandson of Babasaheb Ambedkar, the father of the Indian constitution. He is the founder and the president of political party called the Vanchit Bahujan Aghadi.

Unistʼotʼen Camp

The Unistʼotʼen Camp (pronounced OO-nis-TAH-den) is a camp built on the territory of the Unist'otʼen clan of the Wetʼsuwetʼen Nation. It is in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is located at the point where several planned energy pipelines will pass, as a means to block the crossing of Wetʼsuwetʼen territory by pipeline-related industries. It is at the point where several planned energy pipelines will pass.

The camp is by road from Vancouver, BC and about from the town of Smithers, BC.

The Wetʼsuwetʼen have built a checkpoint some east of the camp on the Morice River Forest Services Road. At this point, visitors must have permission to enter the territory. They have banned construction workers and equipment from coming in. In 2019, the Coastal GasLink Pipeline went to court to enforce the permission granted by the Wetʼsuwetʼen and other First Nations band councils to build in the area. A court decision in 2020 gave an injunction against the Unisʼtotʼen clan and its supporters. In February 2020, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) took down the blockades and checkpoints. After the RCMP's actions, there have been protests across Canada supporting the Wetʼsuwetʼen.

The Wet’suwet’en are divided into five clans. Each clan is led by a hereditary chief. Hereditary means that he or she got the position from a parent who was also a hereditary chief. These chiefs were part of a precolonial government system and are responsible for taking care of the land.

The Wet’suwet’en also have an elected council, which was created after the arrival of Europeans in Canada. These councils were created through the Indian Act and are a way for the Wet’suwet’en to meet with the Canadian government. There is a lot of confusion on whether the chiefs or the council represent the Wet’suwet’en people.

The council approved for a pipeline to be built on Wet'suwet'en territory. However, the hereditary chiefs did not agree. The chiefs set up the camp in 2010. The area of the camp is where the pipelines are supposed to cross Talbits Kwah (Gosnell Creek). At the camp, there is a pit house, a garden, several greenhouses, a healing center, and a bunkhouse.

In 2015, the Unistʼotʼen released a declaration which included this statement:"The Unistʼotʼen settlement camp is not a protest or a demonstration. Our clan is occupying and using our traditional territory as it has for centuries. Our free, prior, and informed consent protocol is in place at the entrance of our territory as an expression of our jurisdiction and our inherent right to both give and refuse consent and entry into our territory."

This quote meant that the clan can refuse to let people in because they have authority over the land as the traditional caretakers.

Healing and learning activities take place at the camp. A healing center was built in 2015. The healing center welcomes people to reconnect with the land, learn cultural practices, and recover from health issues such as substance abuse using traditional Indigenous methods. According to the traditional beliefs of the Wetʼsuwetʼen people, healing can come from being connected to the land and that the impacts of colonialism, including living away from traditional territories, are harmful. A youth camp provides opportunities for young people to learn and practice their culture.

The Wetʼsuwetʼen set up a checkpoint on the Morice River Forest Services Road several kilometers from the camp, controlling access to the area. The area was blocked to the pipeline project.

In 2018, TC Energy was granted an injunction to remove the checkpoint so they can have complete access to the pipeline project construction. In January 2019, the RCMP entered the territory to enforce the court injunction and allow workers from the Coastal GasLink pipeline project access to the area. The RCMP arrested 14 people on January 8 at the checkpoint. The pipeline workers completed their pre-construction work. Afterwards, the blockades were rebuilt.

People who support of the blockade consider the action taken at the Unisʼtotʼen checkpoint and the lack of consultation with hereditary chiefs to be violations of the United Nations' Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP). Many Indigenous peoples have written and discussed the ways this action will impact the Canadian government's efforts to put in practice the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission Report, with many famous Indigenous peoples such as broadcaster Jesse Wente, speaking at rallies and protests.

In December 2019, the injunction was put in place again. More discussions ended without the pipeline proponents convincing the hereditary chiefs and their supporters to withdraw. The RCMP returned to the area in 2020 and arrests began again as the RCMP cleared the Morice Forest Service Road. Supporters of the blockade remained along the road, including the camp. The arrests sparked protests in BC and across Canada in support of the Wet'suwet'en.

Statements showing supporting the Unistʼotʼen Camp have been issued by organizations and institutions such as: OCAD University, the British Columbia Teachers' Federation, Ryerson University School of Social Work.

Angela Spook

Angelika Tampier known under the name Angela Spook (14 March 1954 – 20 July 2020) was a German witch and street performer. She became known as "Hexe von der Kö" (translated: "Witch of the Kö") for her public appearance on Düsseldorf's Königsallee for 25 years in a witch costume.

Spook died on 20 July 2020 from an illness, aged 66.

Ortillon

Ortillon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Kumkum (actress)

Kumkum (born Zaibunnissa; 22 April 1934 – 28 July 2020) was an Indian actress. She was born in Hussainabad, Sheikhpura district, Bihar. From 1954 to 1973, she appeared in 115 movies. Her best known roles were in "Ganga Maiyya Tohe Piyari Chadhaibo", "Mr. X in Bombay" and "Gunah Aur Kanoon".

Kumkum died on 28 July 2020 at the age of 86.

Israfil Alam

Israfil Alam (13 March 1966 – 27 July 2020) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician. He was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 2009 until his death. He was born in Naogaon, Pakistan.

Alam died on 27 July 2020 at a hospital in Dhaka from COVID-19, aged 54.

Muhammad Asad Malik

Muhammad Asad Malik (October 30, 1941 – July 27, 2020) was a Pakistani field hockey player. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a gold medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, and a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

Malik lost his life when he was travelling on his motorcycle and met a road accident on July 27, 2020, at the age of 78.


Ronald L. Schwary

Ronald Louis Schwary (May 23, 1944 – July 2, 2020) was an American producer and director. He was known for producing "Ordinary People" (for which he won an Academy Award for Best Picture), "Sabrina", "Havana" and "Random Hearts". He was born in The Dalles, Oregon.

Schwary died July 2, 2020 in Hollywood, California from multiple system atrophy at the age of 76.

Frank A. Howard

Frank "Frankie" A. Howard (December 1, 1938 – July 27, 2020) was an American law enforcement officer and politician. He was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 2008 to 2020. Howard was born in Hornbeck, Louisiana. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 1976 to 2000, he was the sheriff of Vernon Parish, Louisiana.

Howard died from problems caused by COVID-19 on July 27, 2020 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana at the age of 81.

Hornbeck, Louisiana

Hornbeck is a small town in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 430 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Fort Polk South Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Gianrico Tedeschi

Gianrico Tedeschi (20 April 1920 – 27 July 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Milan, Italy. His career lasted between 1943 to 2013. He appeared in over 100 movies and television shows. His best known roles were in "Susanna Whipped Cream", "Il merlo maschio" and in "Dr. Jekyll Likes Them Hot".

In April 2020, Tedeschi celebrated his 100th birthday. He died three months later on 27 July 2020 at his home in Pettenasco, Italy from congestive heart failure.

Bent Fabric

Bent Fabricius-Bjerre (7 December 1924 – 28 July 2020), better known internationally as Bent Fabric, was a Danish pianist and composer. He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark. His career lasted from 1950 until his death.

He started a jazz ensemble after World War II and founded a label, Metronome Records, in 1950. However, he is best known for his 1961 instrumental "Omkring et flygel" (literally, "Around a Piano") which became a hit in Denmark.

Fabric died on 28 July 2020 in Copenhagen, aged 95.


Emily Howell Warner

Emily Howell Warner (October 30, 1939 – July 3, 2020) was an American airline pilot. She the first woman captain of a scheduled US airline. She was born in Denver, Colorado.

In 1973, Warner was the first woman pilot to be hired by a scheduled US airline since Helen Richey was hired as a co-pilot in 1934. In 1976 Warner was the first woman to become a US airline captain.

She was honored into the National Aviation Hall of Fame and National Women’s Hall of Fame. Her pilot’s uniform is on display at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum.

She is the first woman who has been a member of the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA).

Warner was a flight school manager in Denver, Colorado. She flew more than 21,000 flight hours and performed more than 3,000 check rides and evaluations over her career. 

Warner died in 2020 from problems caused by a fall and Alzheimer's disease in Littleton, Colorado at the age of 80.

Lennox Napier

Major-General Lennox Alexander Hawkins Napier (28 June 1928 – 21 July 2020) was a British Army officer.

Napier was commissioned into the South Wales Borderers in 1946. He was honored with the Military Cross in December 1957 during the Malayan Emergency. He became commanding officer of the 1st Battalion South Wales Borderers in 1967 and commanding officer of the 1st Battalion Royal Regiment of Wales in 1969.

He was commander of the Berlin Infantry Brigade in 1974, Divisional Brigadier for the Prince of Wales' Division in 1976 and General Officer Commanding Wales in 1980 before retiring in 1983. 

He died on 21 July 2020 at the age of 92.

Orvilliers-Saint-Julien

Orvilliers-Saint-Julien is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Lluís Serrahima

Lluís Serrahima i Villavecchia (19 August 1931 – 26 July 2020) was a Spanish singer-songwriter. He was born in Barcelona. He was known as the founder of the Nova Cançó, a music genre that became popular during the Francisco Franco regime. In the 1980s, he became vocal in the Generalitat de Catalunya. 

Serrahima died on 26 July 2020 in Barcelona, aged 88.

Ossey-les-Trois-Maisons

Ossey-les-Trois-Maisons is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Paisy-Cosdon

Paisy-Cosdon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pargues

Pargues is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pars-lès-Chavanges

Pars-lès-Chavanges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pars-lès-Romilly

Pars-lès-Romilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Le Pavillon-Sainte-Julie

Le Pavillon-Sainte-Julie is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Payns

Payns is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Terry Waters

Terry Waters (14 December 1943 – 28 July 2020) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

At first, he played for the Victorian Football Association (VFA) club Dandenong. Waters won the Copeland Trophy for being Collingwood's Best and Fairest player in 1966, was their leading goalkicker in 1963 and 1964.

Waters was appointed captain of Collingwood in 1970. 

Waters died on 28 July 2020 from cancer at the age of 76.

Pel-et-Der

Pel-et-Der is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Périgny-la-Rose

Périgny-la-Rose is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Perthes-lès-Brienne

Perthes-lès-Brienne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Petit-Mesnil

Petit-Mesnil is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Piney, Aube

Piney is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Maurizio Calvesi (art historian)

Maurizio Calvesi (18 September 1927 – 24 July 2020) was an Italian art critic, historian and essayist. He was born in Rome. He was a professor at the Sapienza University of Rome. He was also a member of Accademia dei Lincei. He wrote about art history during the Renaissance and Baroque times.

Calvesi died on 24 July 2020 in Rome, aged 92.

Mona Simpson

Mona Simpson (; June 14, 1957) is an American novelist and the former wife of Richard Appel. She has written six novels. Studied English at the University of California, Berkeley. She also took Languages and Literature at Bard College. She won a Whiting Award for her first novel, "Anywhere but Here" (1986). It was a popular success and later adapted as a film by the same name and was released in 1999. 

She wrote a sequel, "The Lost Father" (1992). Critical recognition has included the "Chicago Tribune" Heartland Prize. She also made the shortlist for the PEN/Faulkner Award for her novel "Off Keck Road" (2000). 

Simpson is the younger sister of the late Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs. Simpson was born after her parents had married. She did not meet Jobs, who was placed for adoption after he was born, until she was 25 years old. 

Simpson was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

Lodovico Meneghetti

Lodovico Meneghetti (2 June 1926 – 19 July 2020) was an Italian architect, urban planner and educator. He was born in Novara, Italy. He was known for his works with Vittorio Gregotti and Giotto Stoppino. He worked for the National Urban Planning Institute in Milan. From 1956 to 1960, he was the urban planner of the Municipality of Novara. Beginning in 1970, he worked at the Polytechnic University of Milan.

Meneghetti died on 19 July 2020 in Milan at the age of 94.

The Factory

The Factory was Andy Warhol's New York City studio, which had three different locations between 1962 and 1984. 

The original Factory was on the fifth floor at 231 East 47th Street, in Midtown Manhattan. The rent was one hundred dollars per year. Warhol left in 1967 when the building was scheduled to be torn down to make way for an apartment building. 

He then relocated his studio to the sixth floor of the Decker Building at 33 Union Square West near the corner of East 16th Street, where he was shot in 1968 by Valerie Solanas. 

The Factory was revamped and remained there until 1973. It moved to 860 Broadway at the north end of Union Square. Although this space was much larger, not much filmmaking took place there. 

In 1984 Warhol moved his remaining business, no longer including filming, to 22 East 33rd Street, a conventional office building. 

Many Warhol movies, including those made at the Factory, were first (or later) shown at the New Andy Warhol Garrick Theatre or 55th Street Playhouse.

Highlands Ranch, Colorado

Highlands Ranch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Douglas County, Colorado, United States. The population was 103,444 at the 2020 census. It is located south of Denver.

Campbell's Soup Cans

Campbell's Soup Cans, which is sometimes referred to as 32 Campbell's Soup Cans, is a work of art produced between November 1961 and March or April 1962 by Andy Warhol. It is made up of thirty-two canvases, each measuring in height × . Each are of a painting of a Campbell's Soup can—one of each of the canned soup versions the company offered at the time. It is one of the most important art pieces of pop art in the United States.

Marilyn Diptych

The Marilyn Diptych (1962) is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol. It shows Marilyn Monroe. The piece is one of the artist's most well known works. It is in the collection of the Tate.

The painting has one picture of Monroe but painted fifty times. Twenty-five of the Monroe paintings are colored in purple, yellow and green. The other half is the same picture but in black and white.

Citrus

Citrus is a genus of flowering trees and shrubs in the rue family, Rutaceae. 

Plants in the genus produce citrus fruits. The genus "Citrus" is native to South Asia, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Melanesia, and Australia. For thousands of years, people in these areas grew citrus plants. 

Citrus fruits include oranges, lemons, grapefruits, limes, citrons, pomelos, and kumquats. 

Citrus reached Micronesia and Polynesia with the Austronesian expansion around 3000-1500 BC. It reached the Middle East and Mediterranean around 1200 BC, and then Europe.


Philip de' Medici

Philip de' Medici (May 20, 1577 – March 29, 1582) was a Prince of the Grand Duchy o Tuscany, an heir to the Tuscan throne from his birth till his death in 1582. He was named in honour of King Philip II of Spain. The birth was celebrated with great joy by the court, because thus was secured the succession of the Grand Duchy for another generation and eliminated all the hopes o Bianca Cappello (his father's mistress, and later wife) He was known as "Don Filippo". Upon his death, the title of Grand Prince went to his cousin Prince Ferdinando (future Grand Duke Ferdinando I of Tuscany). His older sister Princess Maria was eventually a wife of the future King Henri IV of France.


Cumae

Cumae was a Greek settlement in Italy. It was settled in 740 BC, and is the first Greek colony on the Italian mainland. The same group had founded Pithekoussai, on the island of Ischia, in 770 BC. Later they founded other cities, namely Dikaiarcheia (modern-day Pozzuoli, and Neapolis (Naples).

Wisdom of Solomon

The Book of Wisdom is a book of the Bible. It is part of the Catholic and Orthodox Biblical canon. It was put forward by the Council of Carthage in 397. It was confirmed by Catholic leaders at the Council of Trent in 1546.

The book was written by a Jew in ancient Egypt in the 1st century BC. It talks about the importance of learning wisdom, describes how foolish the life without wisdom is, shows how wisdom played a role in the life of Old Testament figures like Adam, Noah and Abraham, and shows how God's wisdom affected the history of the Israelites during events like the Exodus out of Egypt.

Book of Sirach

The Book of Sirach is a book of the Bible. It is part of the Catholic and Orthodox biblical canon. It was put forward by the Council of Carthage in 397. It was confirmed by Catholic leaders at the Council of Trent in the 16th century. It was written roughly in the year 180 BC in Jerusalem by a Jew named Ben Sira. Its main theme is that of wisdom.

Sool, Somalia

Sool (, ) is an administrative region in the east part of Somaliland. Sool is mostly settled by the reer darawiish tribe. It lies between Nugal to the east, and Togdheer in the west.

Chamorro language

Chamorro (; (CNMI), (Guam)) is a language spoken in Guam and the Mariana Islands by the Chamorro people. It has a lot of loanwords from the Spanish language. It is spoken by about 58,000 people. 

The Chamorro language has its own . The first edit was made there in 2004.

In 1922, the US government banned the Chamorro language. Now, most Chamorro in Guam speak English. However, some people are teaching Chamorro classes so that others can learn the language.

Chamorro uses the ABCs like English and Spanish. The Spanish brought them this alphabet.

Chamorro has 6 vowels.

Chamorro has 19 consonants.

Darod

Darod is the largest Somali tribe. Most of them live in Jubaland, in Puntland, Ogadenia and the Khatumo State.

Litoria hunti

Litoria hunti is a tree frog from northern Papua New Guinea. The New Guineans call it "Wowo." Scientists have only seen it in Utai, which is in Sanduan Province, but they think it lives in many other places on the island of New Guinea.

The adult male frog has pads on its feet called nuptial pads. The adult male frog is 57.9-60.4 mm long from nose to rear end. It is bright green on the back and sometimes has a white stripe from its jaw to its ear. The climbing discs on its feet are white. It has vomerine teeth in its upper jaw.

Scientists could hear this frog calling from the trees 5 to 8 meters above the ground, so they think it lays eggs in pools on the forest floor. But they did not see the frogs doing this.

Plaines-Saint-Lange

Plaines-Saint-Lange is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Alger County, Michigan

Alger County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 8,842 people live here. The county seat is Munising.

Antrim County, Michigan

Antrim County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 23,431 people live here. The county seat is Bellaire.

Arenac County, Michigan

Arenac County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 15,002 people lived there. The county seat is Standish.


Baraga County, Michigan

Baraga County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 8,158 people live here. The county seat is L'Anse. 

Bay County, Michigan

Bay County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 103,856 people live here. The county seat is Bay City.

Sèvres

Sèvres is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 23,507 people lived there.

Benzie County, Michigan

Benzie County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 17,970 people live here. The county seat is Beulah.

Branch County, Michigan

Branch County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 44,862 people live here. The county seat is Coldwater.

Ableiges

Ableiges is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in the north of France.

Gouzangrez

Gouzangrez is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in the north of France.

Plancy-l'Abbaye

Plancy-l'Abbaye is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Planty, Aube

Planty is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Plessis-Barbuise

Plessis-Barbuise is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Poivres

Poivres is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Plains, Texas

Plains is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Welcome to Sky Valley

Welcome to Sky Valley, also known as just Sky Valley, is the third studio album by American rock band Kyuss. It was released on 28 June 1994 on Elektra and Chameleon Records.

"Welcome to Sky Valley" was recorded in early 1993 and was first meant to be released in January 1994. Because their last album did fairly well, they moved to the main record label Chameleon from the smaller label "Dali". In November 1993, Chameleon suddenly shut down. Elektra then quickly signed the banned and planned to release Welcome to Sky Valley in March 1994. The release was then slowed down even more and the album wasn't released until June 1994.

The album has been called stoner rock, stoner metal, and desert rock. The album was the first Kyuss album to have bassist Scott Reeder playing on it. He replaced Nick Oliveri in 1992. It was also the last with Brant Bjork playing on it.

"Welcome to Sky Valley" is named after the place in California of the same name. The album cover shows a welcome sign in Sky Valley next to a road that says the album's name, "Welcome to Sky Valley". The photograph was taken at dusk and the road is dark with a purple sky behind.

Credits taken from the album's liner notes.
Kyuss

Additional performers

Production

Artwork

A13 autoroute

The A13 is an autoroute (motorway) in France. It goes between Paris and Caen. It also goes past Rouen and Le Harve. It is the oldest autoroute in France, as it first opened in 1946. It is used a lot by people going on holiday to the north coast of France. It is about long.

Tadhg

Tadhg is an Irish masculine given name meaning "poet" or "philosopher". 

Tadhg was a very popular name when the Goidelic languages predominated. It was also the name of many Gaelic Irish kings and Irish celebrities through out the centuries centuries.But this is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

Pronounced /taɪɡ/ (similarly to the first syllable of tiger).

Tadhg was the 40th most common name for baby boys in Ireland in 2010, according to the Central Statistics Office in Ireland.

A14 autoroute

The A14 is a short autoroute (motorway) in France. It starts from the A13 and goes east towards Central Paris. The autoroute is about long.

Batagay megaslump

The Batagay megaslump (also called the Batagaika crater) is a large pit in Siberia. It is caused by the permafrost melting. This megaslump began as a cut on the side of a hill. It is the largest megaslump in the world. Scientists are interested in the Batagay because it has a natural record of past ecology. Remains of extinct animals such as the prehistoric steppe bison and cave lion have been recovered.

Audemus jura nostra defendere

Audemus jura nostra defendere is the state motto of Alabama. It means "We dare defend our rights".

Extreme Spots

"Extreme Spots" is the first part of the 9th season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first shown on television on July 21, 2012. In the episode, SpongeBob and Patrick try to join an extreme sports team. The episode guest stars Johnny Knoxville as Johnny Krill. 

The episode was a part of a television marathon called "The Super Spongy Square Games". The marathon was watched by 3.7 million people. This made the marathon the most watched kids program for the week it was shown. The episode was released on a DVD named "Extreme Kah-Rah-Tay" on January 15, 2013.

SpongeBob and Patrick are playing in sand and see an extreme sports team named The Drasticles (short for The Drastic Radicals). The members of The Drasticles are two fish named Grand Maul Granny and Not Dead Ted and a krill named Johnny Krill. A British fish tells SpongeBob and Patrick that they are part of an extreme sports team. Patrick thinks that the fish said "extreme spots" because of the fish's lisp, so he stings himself with a jellyfish to get "extreme spots". Johnny Krill tells SpongeBob to get on a motorbike to see if SpongeBob can play extreme sports. Patrick sandboards down a mountain with Grand Maul Granny. Both SpongeBob and Patrick are not able to keep up with the sports and are told that the sports are too extreme for them. 

SpongeBob and Patrick try jump roping. The Drasticals show "extreme" jump rope by having Not Dead Ted being put on fire and having him jump to an airplane. SpongeBob tries blowing a bubble next. The Drasticals make Johnny Krill ride a motorcycle inside a bubble, which hits a building. SpongeBob tries to do boxing with a pillow and loses. Johnny puts the pillow in a washing machine and gets attacked by a mattress. Patrick shows himself dumpster diving. Grand Maul Granny shows "extreme" dumpster diving by having herself compacted with the waste. SpongeBob and Patrick tell The Drasticals that they like to catch jellyfish. The Drasticals try catching jellyfish and get injured and covered in spots. The British fish comes back and says that extreme spots come from extreme sports.

Paul Mavis of DVD Talk said that the episode "gets big laughs from some very funny bits" but called the "stereotypical" British fish "a scream." Joe Corey of "Inside Pulse" calls the episode "equally dangerous" as the rest of the episodes in the "Extreme Kah-Rah-Tay" DVD.


Sikeston, Missouri

Sikeston is a city located both in southern Scott County and northern New Madrid County, in the state of Missouri, United States. It is the principal city of the Sikeston Micropolitan Statistical Area, which consists of all of Scott County. The city has a population of 16,291, and the county has a population of 38,059.

Benton, Missouri

Benton is a city in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 866 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Scott County.

Middlebury College

Middlebury College is a private liberal arts college in Middlebury, Vermont. It was founded in 1800 by Congregationalists. The college currently enrolls 2,526 undergraduates from all 50 states and 74 countries and offers 44 majors in the arts, humanities, literature, foreign languages, social sciences, and natural sciences.

The college is the first American institution of higher education to have granted a bachelor's degree to an African-American, graduating Alexander Twilight in the class of 1823. 

Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is a type of cancer in which the bone marrow makes too many lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell). 

Early on there are typically no symptoms. Later non-painful lymph node swelling, feeling tired, fever, night sweats, or weight loss for no clear reason may occur.

Risk factors include having a family history of the disease.

Perence Shiri

Perrance Shiri (born Bigboy Samson Chikerema on 11 January 1955 – 29 July 2020) Zimbabwean air officer and government official. He was Minister of Lands, Agriculture and Rural Resettlement in the Cabinet of Zimbabwe from 1 December 2017 until his death in 2020. He was the commander of the Air Force of Zimbabwe and member of the Joint Operations Command.

Shiri was a cousin of former President Robert Mugabe. He called himself "Black Jesus".

Shiri died on 28 July 2020 from COVID-19 while hospitalized in Harare, aged 65.

Anilingus

Anilingus (from the Latin "anus" + "-lingus", from "lingere", "to lick", variantly spelled "analingus",) is the oral and anal sex act in which a person licks the anus of another by using the mouth, including lips, tongue, or teeth. It is also called anal–oral contact and anal–oral sex, and is additionally known by slang names.

Nicknames include: rimming, rim job, eating ass or tossing the salad.

Andy Haden

Andrew Maxwell Haden (26 September 195029 July 2020) was a New Zealand rugby union player and All Black captain. He played at lock for Auckland and New Zealand from 1972 until 1985. He also played club rugby in the United Kingdom and Italy. He was born in Wanganui, New Zealand.

In 2003, Haden announced that he was beginning chemotherapy for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia. He died on 29 July 2020 in Auckland, aged 69. 

Reese Schonfeld

Maurice Wolfe "Reese" Schonfeld (November 5, 1931 – July 28, 2020) was an American television journalist and executive. He was a co-founder of CNN in the early 1980s. He was president to the news network from 1980 to 1982. He went on to create the Food Network in the 1990s. Schonfeld was born in Newark, New Jersey.

Schonfeld died on July 28, 2020, at his home in Manhattan from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 88.

Joseph Moingt

Joseph Moingt (19 November 1915 – 28 July 2020) was a French jesuit. He was born in Salbris, France. He was known for working at the Institut Catholique de Paris. From 1970 to 1997, he was Director of the Recherches de science religieuse. In 2015, he turned 100.

Moingt died on 28 July 2020 in Paris, aged 104.

Raavi Kondala Rao

Raavi Kondala Rao (11 February 1932 – 28 July 2020) was an Indian actor, playwright, theatre artist, journalist, editor, producer, director and writer. He appeared in Telugu movies and performed in over 600. He was born in Srikakulam, Andra Pradesh. Rao was known for his works in "Ramudu Bheemudu", "Preminchi Choodu" and in "Jeevitha Chakram".

Rao died from cardiac arrest on 28 July 2020 in Hyderabad, India at the age of 86.

Sound City Studios

Sound City Studios is a recording studio in Los Angeles, California. It first opened in 1969 in the Van Nuys neighborhood. Before this, it was a factory for the British musical instrument maker Vox. The studio became well known for having a unique sound, especially when drums are played in there. Because of this, many famous recording artists have recorded there. These include Johnny Cash, Nirvana, Fleetwood Mac, Metallica, and many others. Over one hundred albums recorded at Sound City were given gold and platinum certifications.

Gisèle Halimi

Gisèle Halimi (born Zeiza Gisèle Élise Taïeb; 27 July 1927 – 28 July 2020) was a Tunisian-French lawyer, feminist, and essayist. She was born in Tunis. 

In 1971 she founded the feminist group "Choisir" ("To Choose"), to protect the women who had signed the Manifesto of the 343 admitting to having illegal abortions. 

In 1981 she was elected to the French National Assembly and was Deputy for Isère until 1984. Between 1985 and 1987 she was a French legate to UNESCO.

Halimi died at the age of 93 on 28 July 2020 in Paris.

Aleksandr Aksinin

Aleksandr Timofeyevich Aksinin (, 4 November 1954 – 28 July 2020)) was a Soviet athlete. He won a gold medal winner of the 4 × 100m relay at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He also won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. Aksinin was born in Leningrad.

Aksinin died on 28 July 2020, aged 65.

Destination Tokyo

Destination Tokyo is a 1943 American World War II adventure movie directed by Delmer Daves and starring Cary Grant, John Garfield, Alan Hale, Sr., Tom Tully, John Forsythe, John Ridgely, Dane Clark, Warner Anderson, Eleanor Parker, Faye Emerson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


Kina Kadreva

Kina Kadreva (27 September 1931 – 27 July 2020) was a Bulgarian author. She was best known for the children's book "The Milk Tree" from 1962, and "Dragon under a down pillow" from 1996. Kadreva was born in Burgas, Bulgaria.

Kadreva died on 27 July 2020 in Sofia, aged 88.

John Weeks (economist)

John Weeks (1941 – 26 July 2020) was an American economist. He was born in Austin, Texas. He was Professor Emeritus at the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London. His research interests were in theoretical and policy-applied macroeconomics and economic development. He published academic papers, books and policy reports in these areas. 

He died on 26 July 2020, aged 79.

Claudia Giannotti

Claudia Giannotti (19 February 1937 – 26 July 2020) was an Italian actress. She was born in Campobasso, Italy. She was known for her role as Dr. Natoli in the 1969 comedy "Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli, primario della clinica Villa Celeste, convenzionata con le mutue".

Giannotti died on 26 July 2020 in Torino, Italy at the age of 83.

Giulio Maceratini

Giulio Maceratini (13 February 1938 – 25 July 2020) was an Italian politician. He was born in Rome. He was a member of the European Parliament between 6 June 1988 to 1 October 1988.

Maceratini died on 25 July 2020 in Rome at the age of 82.

Jim Frick

Kjell Jim Erik Frick, (6 November 1951 – 25 July 2020) was a Swedish horse racer within harness racing. He was born in Rättvik, Sweden. After winning 5002 races he ended his career in 2010 after being thrown off the horse. 
In 1987, Frick represented Sweden in the World Driving Championship.

Between 2003 and 2007 he won 36 million (SEK) with 400 victories in the sport. On 21 February 2010, he won his 5000th victory in horse racing with the horse Sandro Mustang at Gävletravet.

Frick died on 25 July 2020 from prostate cancer at the age of 68.

Bernard Mohlalisi

Bernard Mohlalisi O.M.I. (March 16, 1933 – July 24, 2020) was the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maseru in Lesotho from 1990 to 2009. On June 30, 2009, his resignation due to age was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI. Mohlalisi was ordained as a priest on July 14, 1963.

Mohlalisi died on July 24, 2020 at the age of 87.


Claude-Gérard Marcus

Claude-Gérard Marcus (24 August 1933 – 24 July 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1968 to 1997. He was born in Paris. He was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic.

Marcus died on 24 July 2020 in Paris, aged 86.

Claude Beausoleil

Claude Beausoleil (16 November 1948 – 24 July 2020) was a Canadian writer, poet, and essayist (An essay writer). He was born in Montreal. 

In 1991, Beausoleil won the Prix littéraires du Journal de Montréal for "Une certain fin de siècle". He was also a finalist for the 1991 Governor General's Awards. He won the 1997 Prix Alain-Grandbois for "Grand Hôtel des étrangers". "La Blessure du silence" won the Prix Louise-Labé in 2009, and "Mystère Wilde" won the Prix Heredia of the Académie française in 2015.

Beausoleil was a member of the Académie Mallarmé. His archives are kept in the Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec.

Beausoleil died on 24 July 2020 in Montreal, At the age of 71.


Bonneville, Haute-Savoie

Bonneville (; ) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.


Eulogius (Smirnov)

Eulogius (born Yuri Vasilyevich Smirnov; 13 January 1937 – 22 July 2020) was a Russian Orthodox prelate. He was the figure head at the Russian Orthodox Eparchy of Vladimir between 1990 and 2018.

Metropolitan Eulogius died on 22 July 2020, aged 83.

A15 autoroute

The A15 is a short autoroute (motorway) in France. It goes through the suburbs of the northwest of Paris. It is about long.

The Telebugs

The Telebugs is a cartoon from the 1980s about the adventures of three robots with televisions for heads.

Theodotion

Theodotion was a Greek-speaking Jewish scholar, who likely worked in Ephesus (a place in the west of modern-day Turkey), and translated the Hebrew Bible into Greek in roughly AD 150.

Qumran

Qumran is an archaeological site in the West Bank, State of Palestine. It is best known as the settlement nearest to the Qumran Caves where the Dead Sea Scrolls were kept. The excavations were carried out by Roland de Vaux in the 1950s, though several later works at the site have since been carried out. The Biblical documents found at Qumran have been very useful to scholars of the Bible, Judaism and Christianity, as it allows them to understand the history of the Jewish community that lived there as well as the history of the Bible (such as which books were part of the canon or when certain books were written).

<br>

Squeezie

Lucas Hauchard (born 27 January 1996), also known as Squeezie, is a French YouTuber and Streamer. He is the most well-known French-speaking gamer with over 18.3 million subscribers and 10 billion views. He specialises in Let's Play commentaries and vlogs, and also works with Cyprien Iov on "Bigorneaux & Coquillages", a channel with over 6 million subscribers as of October 2019.

Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits

Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits is a chain of fast food restaurants. They serve Cajun-style chicken and biscuits. It was founded in 1977 by Jack Fulk and Richard Thomas.

Thin Ice (1937 movie)

Thin Ice is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Sonja Henie, Tyrone Power, Arthur Treacher, Raymond Walburn, Joan Davis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938.

The film's plot revolves around Lili Heiser, a skate instructor working at a luxurious hotel in the Swiss Alps. Lili falls in love with a man who regularly goes skiing in the mornings, believing him to be an ordinary tourist. However, she is unaware that he is actually a prince trying to escape the pressures of his royal life.

The movie prominently showcases the skating talents of Sonja Henie, who had previously won gold in the Winter Olympics. Henie transitioned to a successful career as a professional film actress in 1936. The film also features Tyrone Power, who was in the early stages of his acting career at the time.

Pinkel

Pinkel is a type of sausage that is common in the north of Germany. It does not only contain meat, but also has non-meat ingredients. Its exact composition varies, but it is usually made of bacon, groats of oats or barley, beef suet, pig lard, onions, salt, pepper and other spices. It is the kind of sausage that is usually served cooked, with some form of cabbage. 

Mostly during the winter months, it may also be used in Eintopf. Pinkel is a smoked sausage. It is eaten mainly in northwest Germany, especially the region around Oldenburg, Bremen and Osnabrück as well as in East Frisia and Friesland. 

Statue of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar

The Statue of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar at the Koyasan University in Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, is a public monument of Babasaheb Ambedkar. Ambedkar (1891-1956) was an Indian politician. The statue was unveiled on 10 September 2015 by then Maharashtra's Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis. The statue of a foreign person has been set up for the first time in Wakayama. The statue's height is 10.5 feet (3.2 m). It was established on the celebration of 1,200th year of foundation of Koyasan and the 125th birth anniversary of B. R. Ambedkar. It was established at a cost of ₹ 22.25 lakhs.

As a part of cooperation in the field of tourism, the Government of Maharashtra had signed a Memorandum of Understanding in October 2013 with the Wakayama Prefecture in Japan. Japan is considered to be Buddhist country. The Japanese wanted to establish a statue of Ambedkar on the 'Koyasan' hill, which is considered sacred to Indian Ambedkarite Buddhists. Accordingly, the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar was decided to be installed at Koyasan. Koyasan (Mount Kōya) is also included in the World Heritage Sites. Accordingly, the statue was raised in March 2015 by Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) in Koyasana. The statue of a foreign person has been set up for the first time in Wakayama. The Statue's height is 10.5
feet (3.2 m). The architect Balkrishna (Daji) Panchal had established this statue at Kudal in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra. The work of the statue started from December 2014 and has been completed by the end of March 2015. The statue was unveiled by Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis on 10 September, 2015. The Governor of Wakayama Prefecture Yoshinobu Nisaka, Bhante Kobo Dishi, Maharashtra State Industries Minister Subhash Desai, MP Ramdas Athavale, MP Amar Sable, former State Minister Sulekha Kumbhare were also present on the occasion. In the presence of Chief Minister Fadnavis and the governor of Wakayama Yoshinobu Nisaka, A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University and Koyasan University. The Vice Chancellor of both the universities was present on this occasion.<ref name="author/admin"></ref>

Additions to Esther

Additions to Esther refers to several additional chapters to the Book of Esther found in the Septuagint. They are distributed among the conventional Book of Esther and are found in Catholic and Orthodox Bibles but generally not in ones used by Protestants. Some of the additions are:

Georgian Orthodox Church

The Apostolic Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Georgia (), usually known as the Georgian Orthodox Church, is an is an autocephalous (meaning independent) Eastern Orthodox Church in full communion with the other churches of Eastern Orthodoxy. It is Georgia's main religious institution, and a majority of Georgian people are members. The Orthodox Church of Georgia is one of the oldest churches in the world. Its claim to be apostolic means it can be traced back to the original disciples of Jesus. Its doctrine is similar to that of Eastern Orthodoxy, with only some differences. The church is the most trusted institution in Georgia. According to a 2013 survey 95% respondents had a positive opinion of its work.

Molecular gastronomy

Molecular gastronomy is a type of science that studies the chemical reactions in food during cooking.

Nyctimystes intercastellus

Nyctimystes intercastellus is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found it on three of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands: Fergusson Island, Normanby Island, and Goodenough Island.

This frog is 3.9 to 5.1 cm long from nose to rear end. Scientists say it has more webbing on its feet than other tree frogs.

Carnoy

Carnoy is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Carnoy-Mametz.

Hargicourt, Somme

Hargicourt is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Trois-Rivières.

Vedasandur taluk

Vedasandur is a one of the taluks of Dindugal district in India.

Montdidier, Somme

Montdidier is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Trois-Rivières, Somme

Trois-Rivières is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Pierrepont-sur-Avre (the seat), Contoire and Hargicourt.

Suresnes

Suresnes is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 48,264 people lived there. The Musée d'histoire urbaine et sociale de Suresnes is located in the city.

Vanves

Vanves is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 27,729 people lived there.

Vaucresson

Vaucresson is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 8,667 people lived there.

Villeneuve-la-Garenne

Villeneuve-la-Garenne is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2007, 24,516 people lived there.

Plonévez-Porzay

Plonévez-Porzay () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouarzel

Plouarzel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Simbang big-eyed tree frog

The Simbang big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes obsoletus") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found it on the Huon Peninsula.

This frog's ear is hard to see when it is alive. The ear is easier to see when it is dead and preserved.

Ditat Deus

Ditat Deus is the state motto of Arizona. It is featured on the state's seal. It means "God enriches" in Latin.

Eintopf

Eintopf is a traditional recipe in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. At the base it is a vegetable soup to which other ingredients, usually meat or sausages are added. It is commonly eaten during the winter months. An eintopf should be a complete meal. 

North to the Future

North to the Future is the state motto of :Alaska. It was adopted in 1967. 

Ploudalmézeau

Ploudalmézeau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

My Gal Sal

My Gal Sal is a 1942 American musical movie directed by Irving Cummings and stars Rita Hayworth, Victor Mature. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction, Color. It was also nominated for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture.


Ploudaniel

Ploudaniel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ploudiry

Ploudiry () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouédern

Plouédern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouégat-Guérand

Plouégat-Guérand () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouégat-Moysan

Plouégat-Moysan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouénan

Plouénan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouescat

Plouescat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Ponthou

Le Ponthou () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Plouigneau.

Plouigneau

Plouigneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, Le Ponthou became a part of the commune of Plouigneau.

Vouziers

Vouziers () is a commune of the Ardennes department in northern France.

Vouziers is known for being the burial place of the pioneer First World War fighter pilot , after whom the Stade Roland Garros in Paris (the location of the French Open tennis tournament) is named. Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (the first president of Czechoslovakia) fought at Vouziers with the Czechoslovak Legion in France; there is a monument to the legion, and the president's name given to the city lycee (high school). The cellist and conductor Jean Witkowski was born in Vouziers on 23 May 1895.

The town was also known for the solar eclipse of August 11, 1999. It hosted a major observation event. Because of its closeness to the Belgian border, it was gridlocked by visiting Belgian cars on the morning of the eclipse.
The river Aisne flows through Vouziers, doubled by a branch of the "canal des Ardennes".

The town lies between the Forest of Argonne, the pre-Ardennes, and Champagne, and near the Ardennes Massif (dense woodland). It is not far from Charleville-Mézières, Sedan (the largest medieval castle in Europe), Rocroi, Reims (where the kings of France were crowned), Châlons-en-Champagne, and Varennes-en-Argonne (where Louis XVI was arrested during the French Revolution). On 1 June 2016, the former communes Terron-sur-Aisne and Vrizy were merged into Vouziers.

The inhabitants are called "Vouzinois".
Vouziers is twinned with:


Adamswiller

Adamswiller is a French commune. It is located in the Bas-Rhin department.

Dehlingen

Dehlingen is a French commune. It is located in the Bas-Rhin department.

Stephanie Murphy

Stephanie Murphy (born Đặng Thị Ngọc Dung; September 16, 1978) is a Vietnamese-born American politician. She represented Florida's 7th congressional district from 2017 to 2023. Murphy is the first Vietnamese-American woman to serve in Congress. She is the second overall, after Joseph Cao. She is a Democrat and used to be an Independent.

Murphy announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives for Florida's 7th congressional district in the 2016 elections. She ran against then-incumbent Republican John Mica. She was supported by President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, and former congresswoman Gabby Giffords. Murphy won the election, beating Mica with 51% of the vote.

After Democrats won the House majority in 2018, Murphy became a member of the United States House Committee on Ways and Means.

On December 18, 2019, Murphy voted for both articles of impeachment against Trump.

On January 7, 2021, Murphy wanted President Donald Trump to be removed from office under the 25th Amendment to the United States Constitution. She voted in favor of Trump's second impeachment on January 13, 2021.

In March 2019, Murphy supported Beto O'Rourke's presidential candidacy in the 2020 Democratic party presidential primaries. After O'Rourke dropped out of the race, Murphy supported Michael Bloomberg in January 2020 and became his campaign's national co-chair. After Bloomberg dropped out in March 2020, Murphy supported Joe Biden's presidential campaign.

On December 20, 2021, Murphy announced that she will not run for reelection in 2022.

Murphy was born "Đặng Thị Ngọc Dung" in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Her family fled Communist-controlled Vietnam in 1979 when she was six months old. Their boat ran out of fuel and they were rescued by the United States Navy at sea. She was raised in Virginia and Winter Park, Florida.

Murphy and her husband, Sean, have two children. Murphy is a Protestant.


Arameans

Arameans, also known as Syriacs are a predominantly Syriac Christian ethnic group whose origins remain in what is today Iraq, Turkey and Syria and fled to Western Europe, North America and the Caucasus due persecution over the past centuries. The Arameans speak Aramaic which once was the language of the whole Middle East.

Their culture has survived for thousands of years despite efforts by their Arab, Turkish and Kurdish neighbors to demolish it: it remains a strong influence on their way of life. 
Today there are about 3-5 million Arameans worldwide with the majority living in the diaspora.

Somen Mitra

Somendra Nath Mitra (31 December 1941 – 30 July 2020), popularly known as Somen Mitra, was an Indian politician. He was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha, elected from the Diamond Harbour constituency in West Bengal state in 2009. He was a member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Sealdah from 1972 to 2006. He was the president of the state unit of the Indian National Congress. 

In July 2008, he left the Indian National Congress and formed a new party, named, "Pragatisheel Indira Congress". He was born in Katorah, India.

Mitra died on 30 July 2020 at a hospital in Kolkata, India from cardiac arrest caused by multiple organ failure, aged 78.

John McNamara (baseball)

John Francis McNamara (June 4, 1932 – July 28, 2020) was an American professional baseball manager, coach and player. He was born in Sacramento, California.

After spending over 15 years in the minor leagues as a player and player-manager, McNamara helmed six Major League Baseball (MLB) teams for all or parts of 19 seasons between 1969 and 1996. He directed the 1986 Boston Red Sox to the American League pennant.

He also managed the Oakland Athletics, San Diego Padres, Cincinnati Reds, California Angels, and Cleveland Indians. He coached the Athletics, the San Francisco Giants, and the Angels.

McNamara died on July 28, 2020, at his home in Brentwood, Tennessee at the age of 88.


David Ramsay (Ontario politician)

David James Ramsay (April 23, 1948 – July 29, 2020) was an Australian-born Canadian politician. He was elected as a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1985. He retired in 2011. Ramsay was born in Sydney. He was a member of the New Democrat and later switched parties to Liberal.

Ramsay died on July 29, 2020 at his home in Belle Vallée, Ontario at the age of 72.

Oz Griebel

Richard Nelson "Oz" Griebel (June 21, 1949 – July 29, 2020) was an American banker, lawyer, and politician. He ran as a Republican primary candidate in the 2010 Connecticut gubernatorial election, and as an independent in the 2018 gubernatorial election.

On July 21, 2020, Griebel was hit by a car while jogging in Pennsylvania. He died from problems caused by his injuries on July 29 at the age of 71.

Mike Gillespie (baseball)

Michael James Gillespie (May 7, 1940 – July 29, 2020) was an American college baseball coach. He was the head coach at UC Irvine and head coach at USC from 1987 to 2006. He led USC to the 1998 College World Series championship. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Gillespie died on July 29, 2020, in Irvine, California from problems caused by lung disease and a stroke, aged 80.

Anatoli Fedyukin

Anatoli Viktorovich Fedyukin (; January 26, 1952 – July 29, 2020) was a Soviet/Russian handball player. He competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in Voronezh, Soviet Union. 

Fedyukin died on July 29, 2020 in Moscow at the age of 69.

Malik B.

Malik Abdul Basit (November 14, 1972 – July 29, 2020), known by his stage name Malik B., was an American rapper and singer. He founded the hip hop band the Roots. He appeared on the first four albums released by the Roots. He returned as a featured artist for some later albums. 

He released one EP, etitled "Psychological", on emcee Haak Blast's publishing company Future Blast Publishing. He also released two studio albums: "Street Assault" (2005) and "Unpredictable" (2015) with Mr. Green. Basit was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Basit died on July 29, 2020 at the age of 47.

Diana E. H. Russell

Diana E. H. Russell (6 November 1938 – 28 July 2020) was a South African feminist writer and activist. B

For the past 45 years she was engaged in research on sexual violence against women and girls. She wrote many books and articles on rape, including marital rape, femicide, incest, misogynist murders of women, and pornography. 

For "The Secret Trauma", she was co-recipient of the 1986 C. Wright Mills Award. She was also the recipient of the 2001 Humanist Heroine Award from the American Humanist Association. 

She was also an organizer of the First International Tribunal on Crimes against Women, in Brussels in March 1976.

Gerry Harris

Gerald William Harris (8 October 1935 – 28 July 2020) was an English professional footballer. He spent the majority of his league career with Wolverhampton Wanderers, with whom he won two league championships and the FA Cup.

Harris died on July 28, 2020, at the age of 84.


The GTOs

The GTOs (Girls Together Outrageously) were an all-girl group from the Los Angeles area, specifically the Sunset Strip scene. They were active for only two and a half years (1968–1970) with a single reunion in 1974, their only album, "Permanent Damage", produced by Frank Zappa, was released in 1969.

R. Stephen Berry

R. Stephen Berry (April 9, 1931 – July 26, 2020) was an American professor of physical chemistry. He was the James Franck Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus at The University of Chicago. He was also Special Advisor for National Security to the Director, at Argonne National Laboratory. He was born in Denver, Colorado.

He died on July 26, 2020 in Chicago at the age of 89.

Ward Plummer

E. Ward Plummer (October 30, 1940 – July 23, 2020) was an American physicist. His main works were in surface physics of metals. Plummer was a Professor of Physics at Louisiana State University. He was born in Astoria, Oregon. In 2014, he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Plummer died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on July 23, 2020 at the age of 79.

Hugh Dane

Hugh Dane (October 21, 1942 – May 16, 2018) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Hank the security guard on the television sitcom "The Office" from 2005 to 2013. His career began in 1989. He was born in Phoenix, Arizona.

Dane died on May 16, 2018, at the age of 75 from pancreatic cancer in Los Angeles, aged 75.

Don Townsend

Donald Edward Townsend (17 September 1930 – 30 July 2020) was an English footballer. He played as a left back in the Football League. He was the father of former Ireland international Andy Townsend. His career lasted from 1953 to 1965. He played for Trowbridge Town, Charlton Athletic and Crystal Palace.

Townsend was born in Swindon, England. He died in 30 July 2020, aged 89.

Bathsheba

Bathsheba was the wife of Uriah the Hittite and later of David, according to the Hebrew Bible. She is most known for the biblical narrative in which she had an affair with King David, who had seen her bathing and lusted after her. This affair resulted in the birth of Solomon, who succeeded David as king, making her the Queen mother.

Cyprien Iov

Cyprien Iov (born 12 May 1989), also known as Monsieur Dream, is a is a French comedian, actor, dubber, and YouTuber.

As of October 2019, his YouTube channel had 13.3 million subscribers and over 2.3 billion views. 

Hard Hunted

Hard Hunted is a 1993 American action adventure movie directed by Andy Sidaris and starring Bruce Penhall, Geoffrey Moore, Cynthia Brimhall, Chu Chu Malave, Dona Speir, Roberta Vasquez, Becky Mullen. It was distributed by Malibu Bay Films.


Tyson Brummett

Tyson Colby Brummett (August 15, 1984July 3, 2020) was an American baseball player. He was born in Columbus, Mississippi. In 2012, he played as a pitcher in one Major League Baseball (MLB) game for the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted and threw right-handed and was mainly a starting pitcher.

Brummett was drafted by the Phillies in 2007. He played for five of their minor league affiliates until 2012, when the organization promoted him to the major leagues. He later signed for the Toronto Blue Jays and Los Angeles Dodgers.

On July 3, 2020, Brummett was piloting an airplane that crashed in the mountains north of Alpine, Utah. He died along with three passengers. He was 35.

Alpine, Utah

Alpine is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,251.

Kiss the Boys Goodbye

Kiss the Boys Goodbye is a 1941 American musical movie directed by Victor Schertzinger and was based on the play of the same name by Clare Boothe Luce. It stars Mary Martin, Don Ameche, Oscar Levant, Virginia Dale, Jerome Cowan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Bigender

Bigender is a gender identity which can be literally translated as 'two genders' or 'double gender'. Bigender people experience exactly two gender identities, either simultaneously or varying between the two. These two gender identities could be man and woman, but could also include non-binary identities.

Bắc Ninh province

Bắc Ninh is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Bắc Ninh.

Hà Nam province

Hà Nam is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Phủ Lý.

Deir ez-Zor Governorate

Deir ez-Zor Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Deir ez-Zor. Its population mainly consists of Arabs and Kurds.

Regnat populus

Regnat populus is the national motto of Arkansas. It means "the people rule". It is featured on the state's seal. 

Aleppo Governorate

Aleppo Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Aleppo.

It is the most populous governorate in Syria.

Sarrebourg

Sarrebourg is a commune of 12,045 people (2017). It is found in the region Grand Est in the Moselle department in the northeast of France.

Nyctimystes latratus

Nyctimystes latratus is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives between 500 and 1200 meters above sea level on Mount Dayman and near the Bai-u River.

This frog has gold eyes. This frog is light brown or dark brown with a dull white belly.

The name of this frog is from the Latin word "latros" for "to bark."

Plouezoc'h

Plouezoc'h () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thégonnec

Saint-Thégonnec () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner.

Plougar

Plougar () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougasnou

Plougasnou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougastel-Daoulas

Plougastel-Daoulas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougonvelin

Plougonvelin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougonven

Plougonven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougoulm

Plougoulm () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plougourvest

Plougourvest () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouguerneau

Plouguerneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouguin

Plouguin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouhinec, Finistère

Plouhinec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouider

Plouider () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ploumoguer

Ploumoguer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounéour-Ménez

Plounéour-Ménez () is a commune. It is found in the region of Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounéventer

Plounéventer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounévézel

Plounévézel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounévez-Lochrist

Plounévez-Lochrist () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plourin

Plourin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plourin-lès-Morlaix

Plourin-lès-Morlaix () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouvien

Plouvien () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plouvorn

Plouvorn () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Eureka (word)

Eureka is a Greek word meaning "I have found it". It is often used excitedly when there is a sudden discovery. It is the state motto of California.

Plouyé

Plouyé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Anna and the King of Siam (movie)

Anna and the King of Siam is a 1946 American drama movie directed by John Cromwell and is an adaptation of the 1944 novel of the same name by Margaret Landon. It stars Irene Dunne, Rex Harrison, Linda Darnell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It won two Oscars in 1947.


Hernán Pinto

Hernán Eduardo Pinto Miranda (17 January 1953 – 29 July 2020) was a Chilean lawyer, politician and member of the Christian Democratic Party (PDC). He was the Mayor of Valparaíso from March 1990 to March 1992 and again from 26 September 1992 until 6 December 2004.

In 2009, Pinto ran for the Senate of Chile, but lost the election.

Pinto ran for Mayor of Valparaíso, in 2012 and lost the election.

On 3 July 2020, Pinto was hospitalized in Viña del Mar, for respiratory failure caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Chile. Pinto died in the hospital from the infection on 29 July 2020, at the age of 67.

Plouzané

Plouzané () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

National Assembly (Nigeria)

The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria is a bicameral legislature. It is made up of a Senate with 109 members and a 360-memberHouse of Representatives. 

The body, modeled after the federal Congress of the United States, is supposed to make sure it has equal representation with 3 Senators to each 36 states. 

The National Assembly, like many other parts of the Nigerian federal government, is based in Abuja, in the FCT, Abuja.

Senate of Nigeria

The Senate is the upper chamber of Nigeria's bicameral legislature, the National Assembly of Nigeria. The National Assembly (popularly referred to as NASS) is the nation's highest legislature, whose power is to make laws. It is made up of 109 senators. 

The President of the Senate is the presiding officer of the Senate, whose chief function is to guide and regulate the proceedings in the Senate. The Senate President is third in the Nigerian presidential line of succession. 

House of Representatives (Nigeria)

The House of Representatives is the lower chamber of Nigeria's bicameral National Assembly. The Senate is the upper chamber.

The House of Representatives has 360 members who are elected in single-member constituencies using the plurality (or first-past-the-post) system. Members serve four-year terms. The Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the house.

V. S. Ramachandran

Vilayanur Subramanian Ramachandran, also called V.S. Ramachandran (born 10 August 1951) is an Indian scientist and educator. He has written more than 180 scientific research papers. He co-discovered the mirror neuron, is a nerve cell that helps human beings understand other human beings' actions. Richard Dawkins called him "the Marco Polo of Neuroscience." "Time" magazine called him one of the 100 most influential people in the world.

Ramachandran is the director of the Center for Brain and Cognition at the University of California, San Diego, distinguished professor in the Psychology Department and Neurosciences Program at the University of California, San Diego, and adjunct professor of biology at the Salk Institute. He is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.

Ramachandran was born in Tamil Nadu, in India. His father was a diplomat. His grandfather, Alladi Krishnaswamy Iyer, helped write India's constitution. When Ramachandran was a child, he collected shells and fossils. He sent his fossils to the American Museum of Natural History. When he was an adult, the dinosaur "Minotaurasaurus ramachandrani" was named after him.

At first, Ramachandran learned to be a medical doctor (MBBS) at Stanley medical Collage in Madras in India. He became a research scientist later. He earned a Ph.D. at the University of Cambridge's Trinity College.

Ramachandran helped discover the mirror neuron, a type of brain cell that does not work the same way in autistic people. He also figured out how to help people with phantom pain. A person who is missing part of their body, for example a hand, may feel as if the hand is still there. They may feel hot or cold or as if their hand is closed too tight. This is called a phantom limb. They may feel pain in their hand, even though it is not there. Really, it is the brain's sensory cortex making this pain. Ramachandran figured out how to use mirrors to trick the person's brain into thinking that the limb was there and healthy, so it would stop hurting.

V.S. Ramachandran wrote many books. The BBC made one book, "Phantoms in the Brain", into a mini-series.

Ramachandran also studies evolution, dinosaurs, plate tectonics, Indian art, and medicine in the 1800s.

The government of India named Ramachandran Padma Bhushan in the 2000s. This is India's third-highest honor.

Ramachandran married Diane Rogers-Ramachandran in 1987. She is an experimental psychologist, and she and Ramachandran have performed experiments together. They have two sons, Chandramani and Jaya.

Alex Fraser Bridge

The Alex Fraser Bridge is a cable stayed bridge that used to have six lanes until a counterflow lane was added to help reduce traffic, during the morning and afternoon rush hour. It crosses the Fraser River that connects Richmond, British Columbia and New Westminster, British Columbia. 

Traditional pop

Traditional pop, also called standard music, is a genre (or type) of Western popular music that was popular before the beginning of rock and roll in the middle of 1950s. The most popular and ever-lasting songs during this period of music are also known as pop standards or American standards.

The works of these songwriters are usually considered part of the great pieces known as the "Great American Songbook". In general, the word "standard" means any popular song that has become very widely known within our basic culture.

"Traditional pop" is now also currently used for standard music, as one category of popular music in Grammy Awards. AllMusic defines traditional pop as "post-big band and pre-rock & roll pop music."

On the Broadway, Tin Pan Alley, and Hollywood show in the 1930s and 1940s, a number of popular songs were written by many songwriters - such as: Irving Berlin, Frederick Loewe, Victor Herbert, Harry Warren, Harold Arlen, Jerome Kern, George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin, Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart, Oscar Hammerstein, Johnny Mercer, Dorothy Fields, Hoagy Carmichael and Cole Porter.

Good improvements were added then. These are string sections or orchestral parts and put more importance on the vocal presentation before the listenners. In this way, rich sounds of strings can be heard in much of the popular music throughout the 1940s and 1950s. Songs made by these writers became popular among people in America. Some of these are now forgotten, but others called standards by people at present time.

In 1960s, rock and roll appeared in music scene and became more popular than such standard music. But some singers like Frank Sinatra, Doris Day, Tony Bennett and others still remained popular on television and radio. 

Harry Nilsson recorded an album "A Little Touch of Schmilsson In the Night" in 1973 with orchestra by Gordon Jenkins. In 1980s, Linda Ronstadt, a popular female singer sang and recorded albums of standard songs. She performed with Nelson Riddle orchestra. Recordings by Rod Stewart's It Had to Be You: The Great American Songbook, Willie Nelson's Stardust and Carly Simon's Torch were made public. These were great successes on the music scene.



Mars 2020

Mars 2020 is a Mars rover mission by NASA's Mars Exploration Program including the "Perseverance" rover and the "Ingenuity" helicopter drone. It was launched on 30 July 2020 at 11:50 UTC, and landed in the Jezero crater on Mars on 18 February 2021.

It investigated to see if living organisms lived on Mars and if people can live there. The Ingenuity helicopter crashed in January 2024.

Mark V. Meierhenry

Mark V. Meierhenry (October 29, 1944 – July 29, 2020) was an American attorney and politician. He was the 26th Attorney General of South Dakota from 1979 to 1987. He was born in Gregory, South Dakota. He was a member of the Republican Party. 

Meierhenry died in Sioux Falls, South Dakota on July 29, 2020 at his home in Sioux Falls, South Dakota at the age of 75.

Sydney Lotterby

Sydney Warren Lotterby OBE (30 November 1926 – July 2020) was a British television producer and director. He started as a cameraman at the BBC and progressed to becoming technical manager. 

Shows he directed and produced were "As Time Goes By", "May to December", "Last of the Summer Wine", "Yes, Minister and Yes, Prime Minister", "Ever Decreasing Circles", "Brush Strokes", "Open All Hours", "The Old Boy Network", "Butterflies", "Ripping Yarns", "Porridge", "Going Straight", "Broaden Your Mind", the final series of "Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em", "The Liver Birds", "Up Pompeii!" and "Sykes and A...".

Lotterby died in July 2020 at the age of 93.

Bob Dearing

Bob M. Dearing (January 26, 1935 – July 30, 2020) was an American politician, educator, and businessman. He was a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate. He represented the 37th District from 1980 to 2011. In 2011, he was defeated by Republican Melanie Sojourner. He ran for the seat again in 2015, and defeated Sojourner. Dearing was born in Natchez, Mississippi.

Dearing died on July 30, 2020 in Natchez at the age of 85.

Maarten Biesheuvel

Maarten Biesheuvel (23 May 1939 – 30 July 2020) was a Dutch writer. He made his literary debut in 1972 with the short story collection "In de bovenkooi". He received the "Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs" in 1984 for "Reis door mijn kamer". In 2007 he received the P. C. Hooft Award. He was born in Schiedam, Netherlands.

Biesheuvel died on 30 July 2020 in Leiden, Netherlands at the age of 81.

Charlevoix County, Michigan

Charlevoix County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 26,054 people live here. The county seat is Charlevoix.

Cheboygan County, Michigan

Cheboygan County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 25,579 people live here. The county seat is Cheboygan.

Karen Berg

Karen Berg (born Karen Mulnick; October 12, 1942 – July 30, 2020) was an American author. She was born in New York City. Berg was the founder of the Kabbalah Centre International. 

She wrote four books; "God Wears Lipstick: Kabbalah for Women"; "Simple Light, Wisdom from a Woman's Heart"; "To Be Continued, Reincarnation and the Purpose of our Lives"; and "Finding the Light through the Darkness, Inspirational lessons rooted in the Bible and the Zohar".

Berg died on July 30, 2020 at the age of 77.

Chippewa County, Michigan

Chippewa County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 36,785 people live here. The county seat is Sault Ste. Marie.

Ajip Rosidi

Ajip Rosidi (31 January 1938 – 29 July 2020) was an Indonesian poet and short story writer. He had published 326 works in 22 different magazines. He was born in Majalengka, Dutch East Indies. His career began in 1953. 

Rosidi worked to preserve Sundanese culture as well as other cultures of Indonesia. He founded and led the research project and folklore Pantun Sundanese (PPP-FS), during the period 1970 to 1973. 

In 2000 he wrote "Encyclopedia: Encyclopedia of Culture Sundanese". 

Rosidi died on 29 July 2020 in Magelang, Central Java at the age of 82.

Ayo Fasanmi

Ayorinde Fasanmi (27 September 1925 – 29 July 2020) was a Nigerian pharmacist and politician. He was born in Iye Ekiti, Nigeria.

He joined the Unity Party of Nigeria in 1978 and was a candidate in the Ondo State gubernatorial primary election but lost.

In 1983, he was elected member of the Federal House of Representatives representing
Ondo North.

He later served as member of the Board of Directors of the Old Western Nigeria Housing Corporation.

Salko Bukvarević

Salko Bukvarević (20 April 1967 – 29 July 2020) was a Bosnian politician and soldier. He was the Minister for Veterans and Disabled Veterans between 2015 to 2020. In 1990, Bukvarević was one of the founders of the Party of Democratic Action. 

During the Yugoslav Wars he served in the Bosnian army and was one of the founders of the Patriotic League paramilitary unit. 

He was born in Gornje Hrasno, Kalesija, SRBH, SFRY. He died on 29 July 2020 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina from COVID-19 at the age of 53.

Clinton County, Michigan

Clinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 79,128 people live here. The county seat is St. Johns. It was created in 1831.

Nicholas Micozzie

Nicholas Anthony "Nick" Micozzie (September 7, 1930 – July 28, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 163rd district from 1979 to 2014. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Micozzie died on July 28, 2020 from problems caused by a fall at his home in Upper Darby Township, Pennsylvania at the age of 89.

Martin Konings

Martinus Johannes "Martin" Konings (15 March 1929 – 28 July 2020) was a Dutch Labour politician. He was a member of the House of Representatives between 1973 and 1986. He was born in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. 

Konings died on 28 July 2020 in Maastricht, Netherlands at the age of 91.


Angelo Carossino

Angelo Carossino (21 February 1929 – 28 July 2020) was an Italian politician. He was President of Liguria between 1975 to 1979. He was a MEP from 1979 to 1989. Before, he was Mayor of Savona between 1958 to 1967.

Carossino died on 28 July 2020, aged 91.

Jurjaan Koolen

Jurjaan Christiaan Koolen (20 September 1938 – 23 June 2020) was a Dutch volleyball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Monnickendam, Netherlands.

Koolen died on 23 June 2020, aged 81.


White tea

White tea may refer to one of several styles of tea which generally feature young or minimally processed leaves of the "Camellia sinensis" plant. 

Most definitions agree, however, that white tea is not rolled or oxidized, resulting in a flavor characterized as "lighter" than most green or traditional black teas.

It is harvested primarily in China, mostly in the Fujian province.

Jasmine tea

Jasmine tea ( or ) is tea scented with the aroma of jasmine blossoms. Jasmine tea has green tea as the tea base; however, white tea and black tea are also used. The resulting flavour of jasmine tea is subtly sweet and highly fragrant.

Ginseng tea

Ginseng tea or insam-cha ( insam means ginseng and cha means tea in Korean) is a traditional Korean tea made with ginseng.

While it is called a tea, ginseng tea does not contain tea leaves. It is a herbal tea infusion made out of the ginseng plant's root.

Oolong

Oolong (; ("wūlóng", "black dragon") is a traditional semi-oxidized Chinese tea ("Camellia sinensis)" produced through a process including withering the plant under strong sun. 

Oolong is especially popular in south China.

The creation of oolong tea involves repeating stages to achieve the desired amount of bruising and browning of leaves. Withering, rolling, shaping, and firing are similar to black tea.

Herbal tea

Herbal teas—less commonly called tisanes (UK and US , US also )—are beverages made from the infusion or decoction of herbs, spices, or other plant material in hot water. 

The term "herbal tea" is often used to show the difference between true teas (e.g., black, green, white, yellow, oolong) which are made from "Camellia sinensis". 

Yellow tea

Yellow tea can refer to Chinese huángchá () and Korean hwangcha (). is an increasingly rare and expensive variety of tea. The process for making yellow tea is similar to that of green but with an added step of encasing and steaming the tea.

Franklin Park, Illinois

Franklin Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 18,467 at the 2020 census.

According to the 2010 census, Franklin Park has a total area of , all land.

Crawford County, Michigan

Crawford County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 12,988 people live here. The county seat is Grayling.

Delta County, Michigan

Delta County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 36,903 people live here. The county seat is Escanaba.

Hodgkins, Illinois

Hodgkins is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Homewood, Illinois

Homewood is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Roselle, Illinois

Roselle is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is in both DuPage and Cook counties.

Campbell Hill, Illinois

Campbell Hill is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cantrall, Illinois

Cantrall is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Kumiko Yashiro

Kumiko Yashiro is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. Her husband is also a professional Go player.

Crete, Illinois

Crete is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Eaton County, Michigan

Eaton County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 109,175 people live here. The county seat is Charlotte.

Hillsdale County, Michigan

Hillsdale County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 45,746 people live here. The county seat is Hillsdale.

Huron County, Michigan

Huron County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 31,407 people live here. The county seat is Bad Axe.

Ionia County, Michigan

Ionia County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 66,804 people live here. The county seat is Ionia.

The Black Forest Girl (1950 movie)

The Black Forest Girl () is a 1950 German romantic drama movie directed by Hans Deppe and based on the 1917 play of the same name by Leon Jessel and August Neidhart. It stars Paul Hörbiger, Sonja Ziemann, Gretl Schörg, Rudolf Prack, Walter Müller, Ernst Waldow.

Plouzévédé

Plouzévédé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plovan

Plovan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plozévet

Plozévet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pluguffan

Pluguffan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pont-Aven

Pont-Aven is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pont-Croix

Pont-Croix () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pont-de-Buis-lès-Quimerch

Pont-de-Buis-lès-Quimerch () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pont-l'Abbé

Pont-l'Abbé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Porspoder

Porspoder () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Port-Launay

Port-Launay () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

People living in Port-Launay are called in French "Port-Launistes".

Pouldergat

Pouldergat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pouldreuzic

Pouldreuzic () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Poullan-sur-Mer

Poullan-sur-Mer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Carbon Cliff, Illinois

Carbon Cliff is a village in Illinois in the United States. There were 1,846 people living in the area according to the 2020 census.

Hurricane Isaias

Hurricane Isaias was an Atlantic tropical cyclone in July and August 2020. The storm caused very extensive damage from Bahamas to the East Coast of the United States. Hurricane Isaias moved over the Leeward Islands, Hispaniola and the Bahamas. Isaias later threatened the East Coast of the United States from Florida to Maine.

Isaias first began on July 28 as Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine. It was upgraded to Tropical Storm Isaias on July 30.

Hurricane or tropical storm notices were put up from the Windward Islands to United States' East Coast. The storm made landfall at 03:10 UTC August 4 in North Carolina, moving up the East Coast and dissipating on August 5. 

Sharon, Kansas

Sharon is a city in Barber County, Kansas, United States. 147 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Nyctimystes kuduki

Nyctimystes kuduki is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on mountains with rainforests in Southern Highlands Province.

The adult male frog is 58.2 to 61.0 mm long from nose to rear end, which is large for a frog in "Nyctimystes". It has yellow or gold veins on its lower eyelids. The male frog sits on leaves over fast-flowing streams and sings for female frogs. It has very small ears for a "Nyctimystes" frog. It has very large, dark brown eyes. It has two big groups of vomerine teeth in its upper jaw. This frog has dark brown and light brown skin. Some parts of its legs are yellow. It has a dull white belly. It has white spots on its back and eyelids.

Scientists named this frog after Max Kuduk, who worked for the World Wide Fund for Nature.

Grewia asiatica

Grewia asiatica is a flowering plant in the genus Grewia. It was first found in Varanasi, India and was taken by Buddhist scholars to other Asian countries and the rest of the world. "Grewia celtidifolia" was initially considered a mere variety of Phalsa, but is now recognized as a distinct species.

It is grown for its sweet and sour acidic fruit, which is sold in the market during the summer months under the name "falsa". 

Joan Mari Torrealdai

Joan Mari Torrealdai Nabea (November 24, 1942 – July 31, 2020) was a Spanish writer, journalist and sociologist. He was a member of Euskaltzaindia (the Royal Academy of the Basque Language). He was born in Forua, Spain. 

In 2003, he was arrested and tortured by the Government of Spain in a campaign against the newspaper "Euskaldunon Egunkaria". In 2007 he was appointed as a full member of the Royal Academy of the Basque Language. In 2011 he took charge of the Azkue Library of the Academy.

Torrealdai died on July 31, 2020 in Basque Country, Spain from cancer at the age of 77.

Indian Head Park, Illinois

Indian Head Park is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Mark Rocco

Mark Hussey (11 May 1951 – 30 July 2020) was an English professional wrestler. He competed for Joint Promotions, All Star Wrestling and the second BWF as Mark "Rollerball" Rocco and as the original masked Black Tiger in New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) during the 1970s and '80s. 

He was known for appearing on ITV's "World of Sport". He was born in Manchester, England.

Hussey died on 30 July 2020 at his home in Tenerife, Canary Islands at the age of 69.

Woodridge, Illinois

Woodridge is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Tamás Pomucz

Tamás Pomucz (12 June 1957 – 31 July 2020) was a Hungarian sailor. He competed in the Flying Dutchman event at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born in Siófok, Hungary.

Pomucz died on 31 July 2020, aged 63.

Poullaouen

Poullaouen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, Locmaria-Berrien became a part of the commune of Poullaouen.

Bill Mack (songwriter)

Bill Mack (June 4, 1932 – July 31, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter, and radio host. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He was known for his songs "Blue" and "Drinking Champagne". He was also known for hosting radio shows on WBAP and XM Radio.

Mack died of COVID-19 in Fort Worth on July 31, 2020 at the age of 88.

Primelin

Primelin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Quéménéven

Quéménéven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Eusebio Leal

Eusebio Leal Spengler (11 September 1942 – 31 July 2020) was a Cuban-Mexican historian. He was born in Havana. He was director of the restoration program of Old Havana and its historical center, UNESCO World Heritage Site and was an honorary member of the National Assembly of People's Power. He was a well known historian of the city of Havana.

Leal died on 31 July 2020 in Havana from pancreatic cancer, aged 77.

Carbon Hill, Illinois

Carbon Hill is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Gilles Lapouge

Gilles Lapouge (November 7, 1923 – July 31, 2020) was a French writer and journalist. He worked with the daily "O Estado de S. Paulo". He won the 2007 Prix Femina Essai. He worked for many newspapers in Brazil and later worked for "Le Monde" when he moved back to France.

Lapouge died on July 31, 2020 at the age of 96.

Dankerath

Dankerath is a municipality of the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 2018, 74 people lived there.

Gary Knopp

Gary Allan Knopp (1956/57 – July 31, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 2017 to 2020. He was born in Whitefish, Montana.

Knopp was killed in a plane crash near Soldotna, Alaska on July 31, 2020 at the age of 64.

Carrier Mills, Illinois

Carrier Mills is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Miodrag Živković (sculptor)

Miodrag Živković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Живковић; (1928 — 31 July 2020) was a Serbian sculptor. He was most well known for his work on memorial statues throughout the Former Yugoslavia.

After working as an arts teaching instructor in Mladenovac and Novi Beograd, he was hired as an Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Applied Arts within the University of Arts in Belgrade, becoming Dean in 1974. He left the job in 1977. From 1977 to 1984 he was head of the Faculty's sculpture department. From 1991 to 1996 he was again Dean of the Faculty.

Živković died on 31 July 2020 in Belgrade, aged 92.

Cary, Illinois

Cary is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Whitefield, Oklahoma

Whitefield is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Medicine Park, Oklahoma

Medicine Park is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Optima, Oklahoma

Optima is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ratliff City, Oklahoma

Ratliff City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Redbird, Oklahoma

Redbird is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wakita, Oklahoma

Wakita is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Watts, Oklahoma

Watts is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tullahassee, Oklahoma

Tullahassee is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Silver City, Oklahoma

Silver City is a small unincorporated town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Stidham, Oklahoma

Stidham is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Le Chaudron infernal

Le Chaudron infernal is a French silent trick movie made in 1903. It was directed by Georges Méliès. In Britain it was released as The Infernal Cauldron and in the United States as The Infernal Caldron and the Phantasmal Vapors. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 499–500 in its catalogues.

In a Renaissance chamber decorated with devilish faces and a warped coat of arms, a gleeful Satan throws three human victims into a cauldron, which spews out flames. The victims rise from the cauldron as nebulous ghosts, and then turn into fireballs. The fireballs multiply and pursue Satan around the chamber. Finally Satan himself leaps into the infernal cauldron, which gives off a final burst of flame.

The movies Meliès did before 1903 were often pirated by American producers. This is especially true for his popular movie "A Trip to the Moon". To fight against this product piracy, Méliès opened an American branch of his Star Film Company. He began producing two negatives of each movie he made: one for home markets, and one for foreign release. To produce the two separate negatives, Méliès built a special camera that used two lenses and two reels of film.

In the 2000s, researchers at the French film company Lobster Films noticed that Méliès's two-lens system was a fully functional, stereo film camera. 3D versions of Meliè' movies could e made by combining the domestic and foreign prints of the film. Serge Bromberg, the founder of Lobster Films, presented 3D versions of "The Infernal Cauldron" and another 1903 Méliès film, "The Oracle of Delphi", at a January 2010 presentation at the Cinémathèque Française. According to the film critic Kristin Thompson, "the effect of 3D was delightful … the films as synchronized by Lobster looked exactly as if Méliès had designed them for 3D." Bromberg screened both films again—as well as the 1906 Méliès film "The Mysterious Retort", similarly prepared for 3D—at a September 2011 presentation at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Imogen

Imogen or Imogene [ im-"uh"-jeen ] is an English first name. Imogen is an exquisite name that has been increasingly popular in modern times. The name boasts a noteworthy heritage and profound significance. Imogen has its roots in the Celtic culture and signifies "maiden" or "innocent." The name has been in use for centuries and has been linked to many notable figures across history. The first recorded use of the name is under the English playwright William Shakespeare. It is chiefly used as a given name in several countries. They include Canada, the United States, Ireland, Australia and South Africa.


Imogen or Imogene was used on several celebrities, including Imogene Coca and Imogen Hassall.

List of Buddhist conversions in India

Since Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar's conversion, several thousand people from different castes have converted to Buddhism in ceremonies including the twenty-two vows.
In 1956, Ambedkar adopted Buddhism with lakhs of people as "Dalits' path to liberation". Therefore, there is a lot of interest towards Buddhism among the Indian society especially Dalits. Being influenced by Ambedkar, every year thousands of people accept Buddhism. Most of the converts have come from Hindu Dalit community, who consider Ambedkar as their Messiah or liberator. Influenced by Ambedkar, many famous people have embraced Buddhism, including people like Mallikarjun Kharge, Ramdas Athawale, Udit Raj, Laxman Mane, Poolan Devi, Sushma Andhare, Eknath Awad, etc.

Mike Gale

Michael Eugene Gale (July 18, 1950 – July 31, 2020) was an American basketball player. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Gale played in the National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association. He played for the Kentucky Colonels (1971–1974), the New York Nets (1974–1975), the San Antonio Spurs (1975–1980), the Portland Trail Blazers (1980–1981), and the Golden State Warriors (1981–1982). 

Gale died on July 31, 2020 at the age of 70.

Alex Dupont

Alex Dupont (30 June 1954 – 1 August 2020) was a French football manager and former player.

He coached Dunkerque, Charleville, Boulogne, Gueugnon, with whom he won the Coupe de la Ligue in 2000, Sedan, Laval, Amiens.

He managed Brest from 2009 to 2012, when he took over from Gérald Baticle, and from 2013 to 2016.

He died on 1 August 2020.

Helena Žigon

Helena Žigon (13 April 1928 – 30 July 2020) was a Slovenian long-distance runner between 1946 and 2014.

She was the oldest Slovenian runner who ran all Ljubljana Marathons. She ran the half marathon in Istrian on her 86th birthday.

Žigon died on 30 July 2020, aged 92.

Jorge Santibáñez Ceardi

Jorge Santibáñez Ceardi (1 March 1934 – 30 July 2020) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party. He was a Deputy from 1965 to 1973. He was Mayor of Viña del Mar from 1994 to 1996. 

Santibáñez Ceardi died at the age of 86 on 30 July 2020.

Face transplant

A face transplant is a medical procedure to replace all or part of a person's face using tissue from a donor. 

The world's first partial face transplant on a living human was carried out in France in 2005. The world's first full face transplant was completed in Spain in 2010. Turkey, France, the United States and Spain are seen as the leading countries in the research into the procedure.

Connie Culp

Connie Culp (March 26, 1963 – July 30, 2020) was the first United States recipient of a partial face transplant. It was performed at the Cleveland Clinic in December 2008.

Culp was shot in the face by her husband Thomas G. "Tom" Culp in a failed murder–suicide in September 2004. The shotgun blast destroyed Culp's nose, cheeks, the roof of her mouth and an eye. She had over thirty surgeries. 

Culp died on July 30, 2020 at the Cleveland Clinic from problems caused by an infection, aged 57.

R. Toros

Toros Rasguélénian, real name of R. Toros (12 December 1934 – 29 July 2020) was a French sculptor.

He settled in Valence, then in Romans-sur-Isère, both in the Drôme region. He made a large amount of monuments in memory of the victims of the Armenian Genocide, of which his uncle was a victim. These monuments can be found in Valence, Aix-en-Provence, Marseille, and Saint-Étienne. 

He awarded the "Trophée Toros" to the best piece of Franco-Armenian literature published each year in Marseille.

R. Toros died on 29 July 2020 in Romans-sur-Isère at the age of 85.

Marcelo Elío Chávez

Marcelo Elío Chavez (15 May 1966 – 27 July 2020) was a Bolivian politician and journalist. He was born in Oruro, Bolivia. He was a member of the Movement for Socialism. He was President of the Plurinational Legislative Assembly from 2014 to 2015.

Elío Chávez died in Oruro on 27 July 2020, aged 54.

Turning Point USA

Turning Point USA (TPUSA) is an American conservative nonprofit organization. 

TPUSA's related organizations include Turning Point News, the Turning Point Endowment, Turning Point Action, and Students for Trump. 

TPUSA's wants to "identify, educate, train and organize students to promote the principles of fiscal responsibility, free markets and limited government." 

Roger Williams (hepatologist)

Roger Stanley Williams CBE FRCS FRCP FRCPE FRACP FMedSci (28 August 1931 – 26 July 2020) was a British professor of hepatology. He was Director of the Institute of Hepatology, London and Professor of Hepatology, King's College London. 

He was also Medical Director of the charity, the Foundation for Liver Research a UK registered charity (RCN 1134579) and was the lead person of the Lancet Commission into Liver Disease in the UK.

Janine Despinette

Janine Despinette (1926 – 24 July 2020) was a French researcher and critic of children's literature. She was born in Aix-les-Bains, France. She was known for creating the idea of "color literature" which says that illustrations have as much power to the reader as words and narrations.

Despinette died on 24 July 2020, aged 94.

East Frisia

East Frisia is a region in Lower Saxony, Germany. In German it is called Ostfriesland. The area is near the coast, and also includes some of the East Frisian Islands. It is one of the regions where Low German is still widely spoken. About half of the population still speak Low German in everyday life.

Gwich'in

The Gwich'in people are a group of people who live in Alaska and Canada, above the Arctic Circle.

The Gwich'in call themselves the "Dinjii Zhuu", which means "small people" in their language.

The Gwich'in have their own language. It is split into two dialects, the Canadian and the American dialects. However, not many of them speak it as they now use English. In Alaska, only 300 Gwich'in know how to speak Gwich'in.

The caribou is a very important animal in Gwich'in culture. Some of them call themselves the caribou people.

Keiko Kato

Keiko Kato is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. Her husband is also a professional Go player. She has several title match appearances since the 2000s.

2020 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2020 Atlantic hurricane season was the most active Atlantic hurricane season ever recorded, breaking the record of 2005. The season had a record-breaking 12 storms that hit the U.S., with many making landfall in Louisiana. The season had had thirty-one tropical or subtropical cyclones, thirty named storms, fourteen hurricanes, and seven major hurricanes. It had over twenty tropical storms that broke formation date records. The season happened during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it harder to evacuate and give help to people who needed it.

The season had 30 named storms and one that wasn't named because it wasn't strong enough.

Tropical Storm Arthur was an early storm. It formed on May 16 from a stormy area near Cuba, and caused damage in Florida, North Carolina, and South Carolina, as well as The Bahamas and Bermuda. Even though the storm was kind of strong, it only lasted three days.

Tropical Storm Bertha was an early storm as well. While it only lasted one day, it caused some damage in The Bahamas and Southern United States. It also led to the Crew Dragon Demo-2 flight being delayed.

Tropical Storm Cristobal was the earliest third named storm on record. The storm had formed from clouds left-over by Tropical Storm Amanda. The storm formed in the Bay of Campeche, devastated Mexico, and stalled, before hitting Louisiana. The storm then traveled up to Wisconsin, as a weaker tropical depression, before becoming post-tropical.

Tropical Storm Dolly was a short-lived storm. It formed on June 22 as a subtropical system, becoming tropical on June 23, as it reached tropical storm status, and dissipated on June 24.

Tropical Storm Edouard formed in an unusual time of the year, in July. It formed on July 4, and reached tropical storm status on July 6. After reaching tropical storm status, it became the earliest fifth named storm until Hurricane Elsa formed on July 1, 2021.
Earliest sixth named storm. Tropical Storm Fay formed off the coast of the Carolinas and then struck New Jersey as a tropical storm, weakening inland.
Earliest seventh named storm. Nearly made a landfall in Guyana.
In July 23, Hanna formed in the Gulf of Mexico, from a tropical wave. On July 24, it reached tropical storm status, becoming the earliest named eighth storm. The storm rapidly strengthened, becoming a hurricane on July 25. It then before hitting Texas later that day. The damage was bad, as a pandemic was growing at that time.

Isaias was a bad storm. It hit the Bahamas, before moving up the east coast of the United States, making landfall in North Carolina. Before the storm formed, it was broad and disorganized, but upon being named on July 30, Isaias became the earliest ninth named storm ever recorded. It then moved up into the Dominican Republic, and then into the Bahamas. It then traveled off the coast of the United States, and hit North Carolina. Isaias caused over $4.2 billion worth of damage.

Tropical depression Ten formed on July 31, but failed to strengthen due to harsh conditions. The storm moved slowly, and dissipated on August 2. Some tropical storm force winds were found in the center of the system by the National Hurricane Center, but they said it was bloated.

Earliest tenth named storm.
Earliest eleventh named storm, breaking the record of Hurricane Katrina.
On August 20, a tropical wave organized into a tropical depression. The next day, the depression, which was originally disorganized, strengthened into Tropical Storm Laura. Upon reaching tropical storm status, it became the earliest twelfth tropical storm in the Atlantic. The system then passed over the Leeward Islands, passing south of Puerto Rico. The system made landfall on the Dominican Republic, but the system had not lost any strength, despite the mountainous terrain. The system then made landfall in Cuba twice, before becoming a hurricane over the Gulf of Mexico on August 24. The storm underwent rapid intensification, becoming a category 2 hurricane on August 25. Laura became a major hurricane (Category 3) 9 hours later. The storm then became a Category 4 six hours later. Its highest winds were 150 mph. The storm hit Louisiana around that time. After going over Louisiana, the system quickly weakened, and lost its life over Kentucky.

In Louisiana, buildings were damaged very badly by the storm. The highest winds were reported at 95 miles per hour in Lake Charles, along with a gust of 137 miles per hour also in Lake Charles. Damage was the worst in Lake Charles, where almost every house had a tarp on it to keep out rain after their roofs had been destroyed. Luckily, even though a push of water was supposed to be more than 15 feet in places, at last minute, it moved to the west, pushing all the water into places with fewer people.
Earliest thirteenth named storm.

Earliest fifteenth named storm. Very unusual track.
Earliest fourteenth named storm. Formed after Omar, but strengthened into a tropical storm before Omar.
Earliest sixteenth named storm. It then made a very rare landfall in Bermuda, and then dissipated. After it dissipated, it became a tropical storm again. Because of this, people called it a "zombie storm," because it came back after dissipating.
Earliest seventeenth named storm.

Earliest eighteenth named storm. Sally hit Alabama as a Category 2 with a peak intensity of 110 mph.

Earliest nineteenth named storm. This storm formed and eventually became a category 4, before weakening and hitting Newfoundland with winds 65 mph.

Earliest twentieth named storm.

Earliest twenty-third named storm.

Earliest twenty-first named storm.

Earliest twenty-second named storm. Made an extremely rare landfall in mainland Europe. Made 2020 only the second season to use the Greek Alphabet.

Earliest twenty-fourth named storm.
Earliest twenty-fifth named storm. Made landfall in Louisiana as a Category 2, causing catastrophic damage.

Earliest twenty-sixth named storm. Fourth major hurricane of the season.
Earliest twenty-seventh named storm. Caused damage in the Southeast United States. Brought snow to New England.
Earliest twenty-eight named storm. Became a powerful Category 4 hurricane. Struck Central America, Cuba, and Florida.
On November 10, Subtropical Storm Theta formed, making the 2020 Atlantic hurricane season the busiest Atlantic hurricane season on record. The next day, the storm transitioned into a tropical storm, as it peaked with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h). The storm then weakened, but restrengthened to reach 65 mph (105 km/h), before weakening, and eventually dissipating on July 15.

Hurricane Iota was a deadly and damaging storm that hit Central America on November 17. Forming in the Caribbean Sea, the storm strengthened a lot rapidly, becoming one of the latest Category 4 storms to form, reaching Category 4 status on November 16.

This is a table of all the storms that have formed in the 2020 Atlantic hurricane season. It includes their duration, names, landfall(s), denoted in parentheses, damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but were still related to that storm. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a tropical wave, or a low, and all the damage figures are in USD. Potential tropical cyclones are not included in this table.


Majorana fermion

A Majorana fermion(), also referred to as a Majorana particle, is a fermion that has the same properties as its antiparticle. Ettore Majorana, an Italian physicist, thought they would exist, in 1937. Majorana disappeared in 1938, and the particles are named after him. As Majorana fermionns are thought to have the same properties as their antiparticles, they cannot have an electric charge. Today, atomic particles with an electric charge are called Dirac fermions. An example for Dirac fermions are electrons, and positrons; they have the same properties, but their electric charge is different. 

Neutrinos do not have an electric charge, and might be Majorana fermions, but their status is unclear

The concept goes back to Majorana's suggestion of 1937. Majorana suggested that neutral spin- particles can be described by a real wave equation (the Majorana equation). The wave functions of particle and antiparticle are related by complex conjugation. For this reason, they would be identical to their antiparticle.

The difference between Majorana fermions and Dirac fermions can be expressed mathematically in terms of the creation and annihilation operators of second quantization: The creation operator formula_1 creates a fermion in quantum state formula_2 (described by a "real" wave function), whereas the annihilation operator formula_3 annihilates it (or, equivalently, creates the corresponding antiparticle). For a Dirac fermion the operators formula_1 and formula_3 are distinct, whereas for a Majorana fermion they are identical. The ordinary fermionic annihilation and creation operators formula_6 and formula_7 can be written in terms of two Majorana operators formula_8 and formula_9 by

In supersymmetry models, neutralinos—superpartners of gauge bosons and Higgs bosons—are Majorana.

The standard model of physics has no Majorana fermions, all particles are Dirac fermions. There are neutrinos, and anti-neutrinos. In the standard model, neutrinos have no mass, though. The question how to differentiate between neutrinos and anti-neutrinos is not settled yet.

There are different extensions of the standard model. One of them is called Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model. It allows for supersymmetry, and can transform one kind of particle, the bosons, into the other, the fermions. In condensed matter physics, bound Majorana fermions can appear as quasiparticle excitations—the collective movement of several individual particles, not a single one, and they are governed by non-abelian statistics.

Tomoko Kato

Tomoko Kato is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. Her mentor is Kazuko Sugiuchi (Sachiko Honda's sister).

Mundelein, Illinois

Mundelein is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Lake Zurich, Illinois

Lake Zurich is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Colligny

Colligny is a former French commune. It is in the Moselle department. On 1 June 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Colligny-Maizery.

Maizery

Maizery is a former French commune. It is in the Moselle department. On 1 June 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Colligny-Maizery.

Colligny-Maizery

Colligny-Maizery is a French commune. It is in the Moselle department. The municipality was created on 1 June 2016 and consists of the former communes of Colligny (the seat) and Maizery.

Dornot

Dornot is a former French commune. It is in the Moselle department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Ancy-Dornot.

Querrien

Querrien () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Quimperlé

Quimperlé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Rédené

Rédené () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Relecq-Kerhuon

Le Relecq-Kerhuon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Riec-sur-Belon

Riec-sur-Belon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

La Roche-Maurice

La Roche-Maurice () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Roscanvel

Roscanvel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Roscoff

Roscoff () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Rosnoën

Rosnoën () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Rosporden

Rosporden () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Coulitz

Saint-Coulitz () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Derrien

Saint-Derrien () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Divy

Saint-Divy () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Eloy, Finistère

Saint-Eloy () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

List of archives in Azerbaijan

This is a list of archives in Azerbaijan.




Ance Féas

Ance Féas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Féas (the seat) and Ance.

Sainte-Sève

Sainte-Sève () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Évarzec

Saint-Évarzec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Frégant

Saint-Frégant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Goazec

Saint-Goazec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Folklore (Taylor Swift album)

Folklore (styled in lowercase) is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Taylor Swift. It was released on July 24, 2020. Swift released the album as a surprise when her Loverfest stadium tour was canceled due to the 2019–20 coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. She produced the album with her longtime collaborator Jack Antonoff, along with Aaron Dessner. It is Swift's first album with a Parental Advisory logo. It was released to all music streaming platforms.

Swift announced the album the day before its release.

On August 3, 2020, Billboard revealed that both "folklore" and its lead single, "cardigan", entered at the top of both the "Billboard" 200 album chart and Hot 100 singles chart. This marked Swift's sixth US number-one song and her seventh US number-one album. She became the first artist to have a song and album both debut at number one in the same week and is the only artist to have seven of her albums enter at number one. The songs "the 1" and "exile" featuring Bon Iver entered at numbers four and six of the Hot 100.

Nil sine numine

Nil sine numine is the state motto of Colorado. In Latin, it means Nothing without the Deity or Nothing without the divine will.Means that No one knows it

Anna Cropper

Anna Cropper ("née" Roache; 13 May 1938 — 22 January 2007) was an English actress. She was best known for playing Joan Akers in "Coronation Street".

Cropper was born in Brierfield, Lancashire. She was the daughter of stage actress and director Margaret Cropper and dentist Jack Cropper.

In 1961, she was married to the "Coronation Street" actor William Roache. The marriage ended in divorce in 1974. They had two children, son Linus Roache and daughter Vanya. Vanya died on 2 March 2018 aged 50.

Cropper died suddenly at her home in Tangmere, West Sussex on January 2007 at 68. 

Miss Teen USA

Miss Teen USA is an American pageant. It is like the Miss USA pageant, except it is for teenagers (people between the ages of 13 and 19). It was founded on August 30, 1983. 

The current Miss Teen USA is Breanna Myles of Florida. She was the first Floridian to win Miss Teen USA.

Notable Miss Teen USAs includeː 


Caity Lotz

Caitlin Marie Lotz (born December 30, 1986), commonly known as "Caity Lotz" is an American actress, dancer, singer and director. She is best known for her role as Sara Lance in The CW series: "Arrow", "Legends of Tomorrow", "The Flash," and "Supergirl".


Numen

Numen, pl. numina, is a Latin term. It is used for "divinity", a "divine presence" or a "divine will." The Latin authors defined it as follows. Cicero writes of a "divine mind" ("divina mens"), a god "whose numen everything obeys," and a "divine power" ("vis divina") "which pervades the lives of men." It causes the motions and cries of birds during augury. In his Aeneid, Virgil tells about the how the one-eyed giant, Polyphemus, is blinded: First, Odysseus and his men "ask for the assistance of the great numina" ("magna precati numina"). Reviewing public opinion of Augustus on the day of his funeral, the historian Tacitus reports that some thought "no honor was left to the gods" when he "established the cult of himself" ("se ... coli vellet") "with temples and the effigies of numina" ("effigie numinum"). Pliny the younger in a letter to Paternus raves about the "power," the "dignity," and "the majesty;" in short, the ""numen" of history." Lucretius uses the expression "numen mentis", or "bidding of the mind," where "bidding" is "numen", not, however, the divine numen, unless the mind is to be considered divine, but as simply human will.

Since the early 20th century, numen has sometimes been treated in the history of religion as a pre-animistic phase. This is a belief system that comes from an earlier time. Sociologists also use the term "Numen" to refer to the idea of magical power coming from an object, particularly when writing about ideas in the western tradition. When used in this sense, "numen" means almost the same thing as "mana". However, some authors only use the word "mana" for ideas about magic from Polynesia and Southeast Asia.

The literal meaning is simply "a nod", or more accurately,"that which is produced by nodding". In the same way, "flamen" is "that which is produced by blowing", "i.e.", a gust of wind. It came to mean "the product or expression of power" — not, be it noted, power itself."Numen" (divinity) is not personified (although it can be a personal attribute) and should be distinguished from "deus" (god).

Numen was also used in the imperial cult of ancient Rome, to refer to the guardian-spirit, 'godhead' or divine power of a living emperor. It was a way of worshiping a living emperor without literally calling him a god.

The cult of Augustus was promoted by Tiberius, who dedicated the "Ara Numinis Augusti".
In this context, a distinction can be made between the terms "numen" and "genius".

The expression "Numen inest" appears in Ovid's "Fasti" (III, 296) and has been translated as 'There is a spirit here'. Its interpretation, and the exact sense of "numen" has been discussed extensively in the literature.

Some people thought, that numen could have been a leftover of ealier animist religions which was incorporated into the Roman religion. Sometimes the etymology of Latin names for deities, has often been popularly implied, but it was criticised as "mostly a scholarly fiction" by McGeough (2004).

The phrase "numen eris caeloque redux mirabere regna" appears on line 129 of the poem "Metrum in Genesin", attributed to Hilary of Arles.

In modern times, the term (referring to the Christian God) has been used in various expressions:





2020 Darfur attacks

The 2020 Darfur attacks were three mass shootings. They occurred from 12-26 July 2020 in Darfur, Sudan, killing 89 people. They were part of the War in Darfur, which continued with major clashes in January 2021.

Olivia Jordan

Olivia Jordan Thomas (born September 28, 1988) is an American model, actress, TV show host and beauty pageant titleholder from Oklahoma who won Miss USA 2015 and also finished 3rd in Miss Universe 2015. She was the first Oklahoman to be crowned Miss USA.

She was born to Bob and Jill Thomas on September 28, 1988, in Tulsa, Oklahoma. After her high school graduation, she went to Boston to attend Boston University. She graduated in May 2011, with a Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences.

Jordan soon joined the SAG and adopted the name Olivia Jordan. She moved to Los Angeles, California, to do modeling and acting after college. She acted in the movie "Ted" during college, and later acted in several other films. 

Jordan began her career at the Miss California USA 2013 pageant, where she finished 2nd. Later that year, she was named Miss World America 2013 and competed at Miss World 2013 pageant, where she finished in the top 20 and was also finished 2nd for Top Model. 

On December 21, 2014, Jordan won Miss Oklahoma USA 2015, and went on to win Miss USA 2015 as well. She participated in Miss Universe 2015, representing the United States. She finished 3rd. 

In 2018, she became engaged to actor Jay Hector. They married on November 8, 2019, in Palm Springs, California. 

Amir Sarkhosh

Amir Sarkhosh (born May 30, 1991) is an Iranian snooker player.

Amir Sarkhosh won his first international position in Lebanon in 2013 and won a solo bronze and gold team in the West Asian championship, and has won three more in a team in 2013.


United States Marshals Service

The U.S. Marshals Service does law enforcement for federal courts. It is mainly responsible for protecting court officers like judges in court buildings.

It is also responsible for finding fugitives, serving arrest warrants, and prisoner transport.

It is different from the FBI, which is responsible for things like counter-terrorism and going after organized crime, and which operates in multiple countries, not just the USA.

Saint-Hernin

Saint-Hernin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Chizu Kobayashi

Chizu Kobayashi is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. She has several professional Go players in her relatives. Her brother is the president of Nihon Ki-in.

She was sent to Europe and the United States for the promotion of Go. Due to this activity, she has several students from Europe. Some of them eventually obtained professional status at Nihon Ki-in.

Satoru Kobayashi is the strongest player in her family. He has obtained many domestic titles/awards and published many books. In 2016, he obtained 1100 career wins. He is the president of Nihon Ki-in since 2019.


Fareway

Fareway Stores is an American grocery company. Fareway is based in Boone, Iowa. It operates over 120 grocery stores in South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, Iowa and Illinois. 

Fareway is a family-owned business in the Midwestern United States. Some stores open as early as 6am. Some remain open unti 11pm. All Fareway grocery stores are closed Sundays and major holidays.

Fareway was founded in 1938.

Winn-Dixie

Winn-Dixie is a supermarket chain. They have stores in Georgia, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida. The company once served Oklahoma, Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina and New Mexico. Now, they mainly serve the Southeastern United States.

The company is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. 

Winn-Dixie has its private label Chek for sodas. The sodas have over 20 different flavors.

Winn-Dixie was established in 1925. It is owned by Southeastern Grocers.

Ayumi Ishida

Ayumi Ishida may refer to:


Terumi Koyama

Terumi Koyama (小山栄美) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. Her husband, son and father in law are also professional Go players. Her mentor is Masao Kato.

Joseph Kasa-Vubu

Joseph Kasa-Vubu ( 1890 – 24 March 1969) was a Congolese politician. He was the first President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (then Republic of the Congo) from 1960 to 1965.

One Tree Hill (TV show)

One Tree Hill is an American TV drama. It aired from 2003 to 2012. It is about two half-brothers, Lucas and Nathan Scott, who live in the town of Tree Hill in North Carolina. They play on the school basketball team and have romantic relationships.


Saint-Jean-du-Doigt

Saint-Jean-du-Doigt () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Iosco County, Michigan

Iosco County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 25,237 people live here. The county seat is Tawas City.

Iron County, Michigan

Iron County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 11,631 people live here. The county seat is Crystal Falls.

Kalkaska County, Michigan

Kalkaska County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 17,939 people live here. The county seat is Kalkaska.

Keweenaw County, Michigan

Keweenaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 2,046 people live here. The county seat is Eagle River.

Hama Governorate

Hama Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Hama.

Wim Scherpenhuijsen Rom

Willem Elmert “Wim” Scherpenhuijsen Rom (15 March 1933 – 31 July 2020) was a Dutch banker. He was co-founder of the ING Group.

Scherpenhuijsen Rom started working at NMB Bank in 1967. He was main person in the fusion between NMB Bank and Postbank in 1989. He became CEO of the ING Group in 1992. He was also highly involved in the merger of NMB Postbank Group and Nationale-Nederlanden in the early 1990s.

Scherpenhuijsen Rom died on 31 July 2020, aged 87.

Resurreccion Borra

Resurreccion Borra (October 20, 1935 – August 1, 2020) was a Filipino public servant. He worked as a Career Executive Service Officer (CESO). He also was a commissioner and was the Acting Chairman of the Philippine Commission on Elections. During his term, he became known for forcing strict rules on impeachment. He also tried to fight against bribery in mayoral races in Manila. He was also critical of the use of modern election machines in the Philippines. 

He was nominated to the job by then President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to be COMELEC Commissioner in 2001. He was also nominated by her in 2007 to be Chairman of the Commission on Elections. His nomination was seen as a surprising move after the sudden resignation of former Benjamin Abalos.

He was the most senior Commissioner of COMELEC. He retired in 2008. 

In 2003, an investigation and call for him to be criminally charged happened after it was found that he favored some election machine companies over others due to bribes.

Borra was born in Janiuay, Iloilo, Philippine Islands. He died on August 1, 2020 in Manila at the age of 84.

David Darcy

David Darcy (11 August 19431 August 2020) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s. 

Darcy also played for and coached South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He started his career at half forward but in his second season moved to defence where he excelled. 

Darcy died on 1 August 2020, aged 76.

Julio Diamante

Julio Diamante (27 December 1930 – 1 August 2020) was a Spanish movie director and screenwriter. He directed ten movies between 1959 and 1976. His 1965 movie "El arte de vivir" was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival. He also directed "Sex o no sex". Diamante was born in Cádiz, Spain.

Diamante died on 1 August 2020 in Madrid, aged 89.

Feri Horvat

Feri Horvat (; 26 September 1941 – 1 August 2020) was a Slovenian manager and politician. He was one of the founders of the United List of Social Democrats. Between July and October 2004, he served as speaker of the Slovenian National Assembly.

Vitold Kreyer

Vitold Anatolievich Kreyer (, 12 October 1932 – 1 August 2020) was a Russian triple jumper. He competed in the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won bronze medals in 1956 and 1960. He won the Soviet title in 1960 and 1961 but failed to reach the finals at the 1958 and 1962 European Championships.

Stan Mellor

Stanley Thomas Edward Mellor (10 April 1937 – 1 August 2020) was a National Hunt jockey and trainer. He was the first jockey to ride 1,000 winners and Champion Jockey three years in a row from 1960 to 1962.

Mellor died on 1 August 2020, aged 83.

Khosrow Sinai

Khosrow Sinai (, 19 January 1941 – 1 August 2020) was an Iranian movie director, screenwriter, music composer and scholar. He was born in Sari, Iran. He was known for his movie "In the Alleys of Love".

Sinai died on 1 August 2020 in Tehran from COVID-19, aged 79.

Amar Singh (politician)

Amar Singh (27 January 1956 – 1 August 2020) was an Indian politician. He was one of the leaders of the Samajwadi Party. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 2016 until his death. 

On August 1, 2020, at the age of 64, Singh died from kidney failure at a hospital in Singapore. 

Andre Ptaszynski

André Ptaszynski (7 May 1953 – 29 July 2020) was a British theatre producer. He was a president of The Society of London Theatre and was on the board of the Royal National Theatre from 2001 to 2010. 

He died on 29 July 2020 at the age of 67.

Bob McCurdy

Robert McCurdy (February 26, 1952July 29, 2020) was an American college basketball player. He played for the Richmond Spiders from 1973 to 1975. He began his collegiate career with the Virginia Cavaliers before transferring to Richmond. He was born in Deer Park, New York.

McCurdy died on July 29, 2020 from anal cancer in Connecticut, aged 68.

Deer Park, New York

Deer Park is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Babylon, Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 28,837 at the 2020 census.

Olive Ann Alcorn

Olive Ann Alcorn (October 2, 1900 – January 8, 1972) was an American dancer, model, and silent movie actress of the 1910s and 1920s. She was known for the many nude photographs of her from the era than for her movie work.


Khalil Taha

Khalil Taha (13 July 1932 – 27 July 2020) was a Lebanese wrestler. At the 1951 Mediterranean Games in Alexandria Egypt, Taha won the silver medal in the 73 kg Greco-Roman wrestling.

At the 1952 Summer Olympics, he won the bronze medal in the men's Greco-Roman Welterweight category.

John Guinness

Sir John Ralph Sidney Guinness CBE (23 December 1935 – 27 July 2020) was a British civil servant and businessman.

Guinness was a member of HM Diplomatic Service and had worked in the Cabinet Office and was Permanent Secretary of the Department of Energy. from 1991 to 1992 and Chairman of British Nuclear Fuels Ltd from 1992 to 1993.

He died on 27 July 2020.

Bill English (computer engineer)

William Kirk English (January 27, 1929 – July 26, 2020) was an American computer engineer. He was known for helping create the computer mouse while working for Douglas Engelbart at SRI International's Augmentation Research Center. He would later work for Xerox PARC and Sun Microsystems.

English died of respiratory failure in San Rafael, California on July 26, 2020, aged 91.

Wang Hai

Wang Hai (; 19 January 1926 – 2 August 2020) was a Chinese retired fighter pilot and general. He was a flying ace of the Korean War. He was Commander of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) from 1985 to 1992. He was awarded the rank of general ("shang jiang") in 1988. He was born in Shandong, China.

Wang died on 2 August 2020 in Beijing, aged 94.

Hall in Tirol

Hall in Tirol is a town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Judith Collins

Judith Anne Collins (born 24 February 1959) is a New Zealand politician. She was the Leader of the New Zealand National Party and Leader of the Opposition from 2020 until 2021. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Papakura since 2002. He was a government minister under John Key and Bill English.

Todd Muller

Todd Michael Muller (; born 23 December 1968) is a New Zealand politician. He was the Leader of the New Zealand National Party and the Leader of the Opposition from 22 May to 14 July 2020. 

He entered Parliament at the 2014 general election as the MP for Bay of Plenty.

Muller resigned on 14 July 2020, stating, "I am not the best person to be Leader of the Opposition and Leader of the New Zealand National Party at this critical time for New Zealand" and that the role has had a negative impact on his health. At just 53 days, Muller is the shortest serving leader of any political party represented in Parliament in New Zealand's history.

Dirac fermion

In particle physics, a Dirac fermion is a particle that is different from its antiparticle. This is true for most particles. In the standard model of physics, each particle has its antiparticle. They are named for Paul Dirac, and can be modeled with the Dirac equation.

A Dirac fermion is equivalent to two Weyl fermions. The counterpart to a Dirac fermion is a Majorana fermion, a particle that must be its own antiparticle. Neutrinos are particles without an electric charge, they might be Majorana fermions.

Black Moon (1975 movie)

Black Moon is a 1975 French West German horror movie directed by Louis Malle and starring Cathryn Harrison, Joe Dallesandro, Therese Giehse, and Alexandra Stewart.


List of Azerbaijani chess players

This is a complete list of Azerbaijani chess title-holders as of October 2019.



Homs Governorate

Homs Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Homs.

Sawyer, Oklahoma

Sawyer is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Zhaksylyk Ushkempirov

Zhaksylyk Ushkempirov (6 May 1951 – 2 August 2020) was a light-flyweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Kazakhstan. He won an Olympic gold medal in 1980 and a world title in 1981.

Ushkempirov took up wrestling in 1969 and won the Soviet title in 1975 and 1980. 

Syed Iftikhar Ul Hassan

Syed Iftikhar Ul Hassan (; 2 February 1942 – 2 August 2020) was a Pakistani politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 until his death. He was a member of the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. He was a member of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). 

Hassan died on 2 August 2020 at the age of 78.

Kamal Rani Varun

Kamal Rani Varun (3 May 1958 – 2 August 2020) was an Indian politician. She was member of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly from 2017 to 2020. She was also a member of Eleventh and Twelfth Lok Sabha between 1996 and 1999. She was born in Lucknow. Varun was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

On 2 August 2020, Varun died at a hospital in Lucknow at the age of 62 from COVID-19.

José Vicente Anaya

José Vicente Anaya (22 January 1947 – 1 August 2020) was a Mexican writer, poet and cultural journalist. He was born in Chihuahua, Mexico. He wrote over thirty books and was part of the Infrarealism poetry movement in Mexico City. He also translated poems of Allen Ginsberg and Carl Sandburg.

Anaya died on 1 August 2020 in Mexico City, aged 73.

Male privilege

Male privilege is the system of advantages or rights that men have because of their sex. 

Special privileges and status are granted to males in patriarchal societies.

Many men have responded to this by saying that they do not feel that they have been given any unearned advantages, such as in their struggles to find success in employment, education, or relationships. Supporters for men's rights and father's rights as well as anti-feminist men often accept that men's traditional roles are damaging to men.

Ted Yoho

Theodore Scott Yoho (born April 13, 1955) is an American politician, veterinarian, and businessman. He was a member of the U.S. Representative from between 2013 to 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In the 2012 Republican primary election for the district, Yoho beat long-term incumbent U.S. Congressman Cliff Stearns. In December 2019, Yoho announced that he would not run for re-election to Congress in 2020.

Roger Williams (American politician)

John Roger Williams (born September 13, 1949) is an American businessman and politician. He has been the U.S. Representative for Texas's 25th congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. He worked for Governor Rick Perry as Secretary of State of Texas from November 2004 to July 1, 2007.

With a net worth of $27.7 million, Williams is one of the wealthiest members of Congress.

The Art of Living (movie)

The Art of Living () is a 1965 Spanish drama movie directed by Julio Diamante (who also stars). Also starring María del Carmen Aberu, Anastasio Alemán, Beatriz Galbó, and Juan Luis Galiardo.

Bill Battle

William Raines Battle III (born December 8, 1941) is an American college athletics administrator and football coach. He was the athletic director of the University of Alabama from 2013 to 2017. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He coached the Tennessee Volunteers between 1970 and 1976.

In August 2020, it was reported Battle was hospitalized for COVID-19.

Tino rangatiratanga

Tino rangatiratanga is a Māori language term that means "absolute sovereignty." Sovereignty means absolute power to rule something without someone else interfering. In this case, it refers to the ability of the Māori people (the indigenous people of New Zealand) to rule themselves and be recognized as the owners of the land. ""Tino rangatiratanga"" shows up in the Māori version of the Treaty of Waitangi, which they signed with the British in 1840. They were promised that they would have "tino rangatiratanga" forever in the treaty. However, this concept was not respected since the British colonizers took a lot of things from the Māori people. To this day, people in New Zealand do not agree on what ""tino rangatiratanga"" means or what kind of things it is supposed to cover.

A "rangatira" is a chief in the Māori culture. The suffix -tanga is added so "rangatiratanga" refers to the qualities of being a chief. ""Tino"" is a Māori word that means "most" or "absolute." So by using this term, the British were allowing Maori chiefs to have complete control and allow them to use their powers as chiefs.

Some people think that the term can be used to describe self-determination, autonomy, or Māori independence.

Here are the meaning of the terms from an online Māori dictionary:



There is a lot of confusion about the Treaty of Waitangi because Articles 1 and 2 in the treaty say different things.
According to the Māori version of the treaty, Article 1 is talking about "kawanatanga" (governorship) while Article 2 is talking about "tino rangatiratanga" (absolute chieftainship). To them, these are two totally different concepts. Therefore, they believe that they never gave away their land rights and ability to rule themselves. In fact, a tribunal that was created to focus on the Treaty of Waitangi said that the Māori can never give up those rights and never did.

There is a Tino rangatiratanga flag that is used to represent the Māori people. It is red, white, and black. It was designed by Māori artists Hiraina Marsden, Jan Smith and Linda Munn in 1990 as part of a contest.

A woman named Poua Erstich came up with the meaning for the flag. The red represents the sky, the black is earth, and the white is light separating the sky and earth. The flag is supposed to show the Māori story of how the world was created.

This flag is flown next to the flag of New Zealand to show people that the land still belongs to the Māori. Sometimes, this flag is used in protests to show how certain issues are affecting Māori.

Venae cavae

The superior vena cava is the large vein which returns blood to the heart from the head, neck and both upper limbs. The inferior vena cava returns blood to the heart from the lower part of the body.

The return of blood via the vena cava can be compromised and cause disease. For example, in the superior vena cava syndrome, the symptoms that result from compression of the large vein that carries blood down to the heart.

Brick red

Brick red is a maroon-like color similar to the color of a brick. The name comes from its similarity to the color of a brick.


Saori Minami

Saori Minami (born Akemi Shinoyama, 篠山 明美) is a retired Japanese female popular singer. She was also called "Cynthia" as a nickname. 
Minami was born on July 2, 1954 in Okinawa, Japan. She is bilingual in English and Japanese as her father-in-law was of the Philippine origin. In 1971, at age 17, her talent in music was discovered by a manager who worked for music company. She was recommended by him as a singer. 
Soon after that, she recorded a song "17才"(Seventeen years old), written by a songwriter Kyohei Tsutsumi. She then became popular all over Japan. She had been continuing to make hit songs in 1970s. She retired from a singer in 1978 and got married to Kishin Shinoyama, a famous cameraman in 1979. Shinoyama died in 2024.

Her major hit songs were as follows.
<br>


Executive order

An executive order or executive decree is a rule or order, or a law made by a head of state (president or monarch) who has this power given to him by the constitution of the country. The order tells ministries, agencies, the civil service and the military of a state the things that they must do.

Executive orders can be stopped by the courts in a process called judicial review. They may be stopped by the courts or the legislature if they are against laws or against the constitution. 

However, in countries where there is no real separation of powers and the head of state is actually a dictator, the executive order cannot be stopped by the courts or the legislature, which as a result have no powers and are controlled by him. In many cases, the head of state with dictatorial powers often rules the country by making executive orders rather than making laws in the legislature which he also controls.

Executive orders have a big effect on the internal affairs of the government and on the citizens. They decide how and to what degree legislation will be enforced. They also deal with emergencies and wars.

Naft Masjed Soleyman F.C.

Naft Masjed Soleyman Football Club () is an Iranian LOR football club based in Masjed-Soleyman, Iran.


Idlib Governorate

Idlib Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Idlib.

Tartus Governorate

Tartus Governorate ( ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Tartus.

Saint-Jean-Trolimon

Saint-Jean-Trolimon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Martin-des-Champs, Finistère

Saint-Martin-des-Champs () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Méen

Saint-Méen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Millerton, Oklahoma

Millerton is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Two Guys from Milwaukee

Two Guys from Milwaukee is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by David Butler and starring Dennis Morgan, Jack Carson, Joan Leslie, Janis Paige, Rosemary DeCamp. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was followed up in 1948 by "Two Guys from Texas".


Kunigami language

The Kunigami language (Kunigami: 山原言葉, "Yanbaru kutūba") is an endangered Ryukyuan language spoken in the Kunigami area of Okinawa, Japan.

Japan calls it a dialect while most linguists put Kunigami as its own language within the Ryukyuan languages group.

Kunigami is somewhat understandable to people who speak the Okinawan language. However, Japanese speakers wouldn’t be able to understand Kunigami. There are also different dialects of Kunigami, such as the one on Okinoerabu.

Thank you. = みへでぃろ。(Mihediro).

Welcome. = うがみやぶら。/ めんしょーり。(Ugamiyabura. / Menshoori.)

A famous sanshin song known as “Aha Bushi” is sung in Kunigami.


Qui transtulit sustinet

Qui transtulit sustinet is the state motto of Connecticut. It means "He who transplanted sustains" in Latin.

Rumex spinosus

Lesser Jack (Rumex spinosus) is a Mediterrenean plant that grows annually, in which its large leaves usually have three spines.

Dirigo

In Latin, Dirigo means "I direct". This phrase is the state motto of Maine, by analogy of it appearing on the state's seal. 

United we stand, divided we fall

United we stand, divided we fall is a phrase that is used in many mottos and phrases, often used to inspire unity. It is also used in its short form "United we stand". Aesop made up the phrase (and possibly invented it) in his stories The Four Oxen and the Lion directly and in ":The Bundle of Sticks" indirectly. It is the state motto of Kentucky, adopted on December 30, 1792.

Gwichʼin language

The Gwichʼin langauge ("Dinju Zhuh Kʼyuu" in Gwichʼin) is a language spoken by the Gwichʼin people in Canada and Alaska.

Gwichʼin is now an endangered language because most Gwichʼin now speak English.

Gwichʼin has a lot of sounds that are not found in English.
Consonants

Nyctimystes myolae

Nyctimystes myolae is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found this frog near the village of Myola village, at 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog is brown in color. Scientists say it is related to the common big-eyed tree frog, "Nyctimystes narinosus".

Xoloitzcuintle

The Xoloitzcuintle (), or Xolo, also known as the Mexican hairless dog, is a breed of dog from Mexico. Most have no hair but some are born with hair (coated). The Xolo also has wrinkled skin. It is found in three sizes: toy, miniature, and standard. Its name is from the Nahuatl language, where it is called "xōlōitzcuintli" (singular) and "xōlōitzcuintin" (plural). The name comes from the god "Xolotl" and "itzcuīntli", meaning dog in Nahuatl.

The Luck of the Irish (1948 movie)

The Luck of the Irish is a 1948 American romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Tyrone Power, Anne Baxter, Cecil Kellaway is his Oscar nominated role, Lee J. Cobb, Jayne Meadows. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Joseph Jerome Farris

Joseph Jerome Farris (March 4, 1930 – July 23, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit between 1979 until his death. Farris was nominated by President Jimmy Carter. Farris was born in Birmingham, Alabama. 

Farris died on July 23, 2020 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 90.

Junrey Balawing

Junrey Balawing ( ; ; born June 12, 1993 – July 28, 2020) was a Filipino record holder at the Guinness World Records for the world's shortest man alive measuring at tall. The declaration came during Balawing's 18th birthday celebration. 

Guinness World Records official said Balawing broke the record of Khagendra Thapa Magar of Nepal, who was tall.

Herbert Leuninger

Herbert Leuninger (8 September 1932 – 28 July 2020) was a German Catholic priest and theologian. He was a human rights activist for asylum in Germany. He was a co-founder of the organisation Pro Asyl, helping refugees, and a member of the board of the European Council on Refugees and Exiles. He was born in Cologne.

Leininger died after a short illness in Limburg on 28 July 2020 at the age of 87.

Juan Ramón

Juan Ramón (born as Ellery Guy Rech; 13 January 1940 – 30 July 2020) was an Argentine singer and actor. He was born in Cañada de Gómez, Santa Fe. He was known for his Spanish dubbing of classic to pop French songs by Christophe such as "Aline". He also created the soundtrack for the 1970 French-Italian movie "Road to Salina".

Ramón died of pneumonia-related problems in Buenos Aires on 30 July 2020, aged 80.

Parable

A parable is a short story in prose or verse. It teaches something. On the surface, it may be about animals or objects, but is just a metaphor for the real idea. Familiar are the parables of Jesus, where he explains an idea by telling a story. Familiar also are the parables of Aesop.

Robert Gnaizda

Robert Leslie Gnaizda ( ) (August 6, 1936 – July 11, 2020) was an American civil rights activist. He was the co-founder, General Counsel and Policy Director for the Greenlining Institute. He was born in New York City.

Gnaizda died of a heart attack on July 11, 2020 in San Francisco, aged 83.

Randal Kleiser

John Randal Kleiser (born July 20, 1946) is an American movie and television director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the 1978 musical romantic-comedy movie "Grease". He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Tom Pollock

Thomas Philip Pollock (April 10, 1943 – August 1, 2020) was an American movie producer and studio executive. He started his career as an entertainment lawyer. He was the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Film Institute.

He was an Adjunct Professor of Film at the University of California Santa Barbara. He was also co-owner of The Montecito Picture Company. Pollock was known for producing "Hitchcock". He was born in Los Angeles.

Pollock died on August 1, 2020 from a heart attack in Los Angeles, aged 77.

Harold Scheraga

Harold Scheraga (October 18, 1921 – August 1, 2020) was an American biophysicist. He was the George W. and Grace L. Todd Professor Emeritus in the chemistry department at Cornell University. He was a key person in protein biophysics and in the study of protein solvation and the hydrophobic effect as it relates to protein folding. He was born in New York City.

Scheraga died on August 1, 2020 in Ithaca, New York at the age of 98.

John Hume

John Hume KCSG (18 January 19373 August 2020) was an Irish politician. He was a founding member of the Social Democratic and Labour Party. He was co-recipient of the 1998 Nobel Peace Prize, with David Trimble.

He was the second leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) from 1979 until 2001. He was a Member of the European Parliament and a Member of the United Kingdom Parliament, as well as a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.

He was also a recipient of the Gandhi Peace Prize and the Martin Luther King Award. In 2012, Pope Benedict XVI made Hume a Knight Commander of the Papal Order of St. Gregory the Great.

He suffered from dementia. Hume died on 3 August 2020, at a nursing home in Derry at the age of 83.

American Pie (song)

American Pie is an American popular song, written by singer-songwriter Don McLean.

The song was recorded and included in his album "American Pie" album in 1971. It reached no.1 on the Billboard hit chart. We consider this song is the longest song ever made among top hits of American popular songs. Because its playing time is beyond 8 minutes. "American Pie" was selected as the fifth important "Song of the Century", announced by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Recording Industry Association of America.

The original song in the album is accompanied by the guitar, piano and strings section. He also played the song with his guitar alone at the BBC studio live in 1972.The RollingStone reported the BBC live, too.

His original rough notes of the song has been a topic. They are often noted as an important historical piece in America. In May 2015 the original lyrics written by himself was sold in market publicly (at an auction). This news surprised people all over the world. He sold the original lyrics at auction for $1.5 million (£800,000). It is said that there are four handwritten copies of the handwritten lyrics to “American Pie.” A 18-page copy consists of 237 lines. One copy was sold at the auction as already mentioned, and a second copy sold for $100,000 in August 2017.

Many people say this song include a political message. Some say "the jester on the sidelines" is Bob Dylan, "the king with the thorny crown" is Elvis Presley. Others say "the quartet in the park" is The Beatles. He also sang in the song about the 1959 plane crash that ended the lives of Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and The Big Bopper .

"All roads lead to American Pie," said Don McLean of the song that made him famous. "As American as apple pie was the saying. It was some kind of a big American song that I wanted to write, which would be a conclusion for my show and bring all the songs home, which it still does. I can go anywhere I want with American music and come home to that. And it all makes sense." 

In this way, he has never been explaining the real intention or meaning of the song in the past interviews. He just said, “I was around in 1970 and now I am around in 2015... there is no poetry and very little romance in anything anymore, so it is really like the last phase of American Pie.” Many details in the song still remains in mystery, as he did not mention anymore.




Mohammad Reza Navaei

Mohammad Reza Navaei (, 1 December 1948 – 3 August 2020) was an Iranian lightweight freestyle wrestler. He won bronze medals at the 1973 World Wrestling Championships and 1974 Asian Games. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Tehran. 

Navaei died on 3 August 2020 in Tehran at the age of 71.

Saïd Amara

Saïd Amara (11 March 1933 – 2 August 2020) was an Algerian football player and manager. He was born in Saïda. He played club football for MC Saïda, USM Bel-Abbès, Strasbourg, Béziers and Bordeaux. He also earned five caps for the Algerian national team between 1963 and 1964.

Bernard Cleary

Bernard Cleary (May 8, 1937 – July 27, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Mashteuiatsh, Quebec.

Cleary was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2004 Canadian federal election. He was the "Bloc Québécois" member of parliament for the riding of Louis-Saint-Laurent.

In 2006, he was defeated by Josée Verner from the Conservative Party of Canada.

He was the first person of Aboriginal descent to be elected in Quebec.


Bruno Dettori

Bruno Dettori (22 December 1941 – 2 August 2020) was an Italian politician. He was born in Sassari, Italy.

He began his political career in 1990 becoming a city councilor in Sassari under the Christian Democrats. He was elected senator at the end of the 2001 general election on 13 May 2001. From 18 May 2006 to 7 May 2008 he was part of the second Prodi government as Secretary for the Environment.

Dettori died on 2 August 2020, aged 78.

Keith Pontin

Keith Pontin (14 June 1956 – 2 August 2020) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a central defender.

Pontin began his career with Cardiff City. He made nearly 200 league appearances and earned two caps for the Welsh national team. He later played for Merthyr Tydfil and Barry Town.

At the age of 59, Pontin was diagnosed with dementia.

Pontin died on 2 August 2020, aged 64.

Bobby Prescott

George Bertrand "Bobby" Prescott (March 27, 1931 – August 2, 2020) was a Panamanian professional baseball player. He was an outfielder, first baseman and third baseman. He had a 19-year career, from 1952–1970, in North American minor league baseball and a brief trial with the Kansas City Athletics of the Major Leagues. 


Leon Fleisher

Leon Fleisher (July 23, 1928 – August 2, 2020) was an American pianist and conductor. He was one of the most renowned pianists and pedagogues in the world. He was born in San Francisco, California.

He taught at Peabody Conservatory of Music, the Curtis Institute of Music, and the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto. He co-founded and co-directed the Theater Chamber Players in 1968–2003, which was the first resident chamber ensemble of the Smithsonian Institution and of The Kennedy Center.

Fleisher died on August 2, 2020 from cancer under hospice care in Baltimore, Maryland, aged 92.

Katherine B. Hoffman

Katherine "Kitty" Marie Blood Hoffman (August 1, 1914 – July 18, 2020) was an American chemist and academic administrator. When she retired from Florida State University, the chemistry department named a laboratory building in her honor. It was dedicated to her again in 2018. Hoffman was awarded an honorary doctorate by Florida State University in 2007.

Hoffman died in Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare on July 18, 2020, aged 105 of COVID-19.

Wilmington insurrection of 1898

The Wilmington insurrection of 1898, also known as the Wilmington massacre of 1898 or the Wilmington coup of 1898, happened in Wilmington, North Carolina, on Thursday, November 10, 1898. 

It is seen as a turning point in post-Reconstruction North Carolina politics. It caused more intense racial segregation of African Americans throughout the South. It made it harder for African-Americans to vote. 

The event was caused after many white supremacists took over the Wilmington city government which was controlled by both white and black men and killed the black alderman. After the event, no black politician was in charge in Wilmington.

It has been called a race riot caused by blacks by white newspapers at the time. However, over time, with more facts publicized, the event has come to be seen as a "coup d'état", the violent overthrow of a duly elected government, by a group of white supremacists. It is seen as the only coup in American history. 

The "coup" happens with 2,000 white men. They destroyed the property and businesses of black citizens built up since the Civil War, including the only black newspaper in the city, and killed about 60 to more than 300 people.

Rachel Dolezal

Rachel Anne Dolezal (born November 12, 1977), also known as Nkechi Amare Diallo, is a self-proclaimed black American woman who was assigned white at birth. 

She is a former college instructor and National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) chapter president.

Billy Porter

Billy Porter (born September 21, 1969) is an American actor and singer.

Porter won the 2013 Best Actor in a Musical for his role as Lola in "Kinky Boots" at the 67th Tony Awards. 

In 2014 Porter won the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album for "Kinky Boots". He currently stars in the television series "Pose" for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and won the 2019 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series. 

In 2021, he confirmed he had been living with HIV for 14 years.

Viktor Saneyev

Viktor Danilovich Saneyev (Georgia (country) ვიქტორ სანაევი 3 October 1945 – 3 January 2022) was a Georgian triple jumper. He competed internationally for the USSR and won four Olympic medals; three golds (1968, 1972 and 1976) and one silver (1980). He was born in Sukhumi, Georgian SSR.

Saneyev died on 3 January 2022 in Sydney, Australia, three months after his 76th birthday.

Narumi Ohsawa

Narumi Ohsawa (大澤奈留美, sometimes written as Narumi Osawa) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in. She was born at Saitama, Saitama in 1976.

Japanese Society for Rights of Authors, Composers and Publishers

Japanese Society for Rights of Authors, Composers and Publishers is also called JASRAC in short. Its official name in Japan is 一般社団法人日本音楽著作権協会.

JASRAC was made in 1939. It is the only organization in Japan to manage and protect copyrights in Japan.

JASRAC can only manage copyrights inside Japan. As for outside Japan (for overseas), foreign organizations such as ASCAP, Muserk manage copyrights of origins of Japan instead, according to a separete agreement with these organizations. 129 foreign organizations have relation with JASRAC.

When people in Japan uses music, videos and books for business useage, originally produced in outside Japan must pay proper money for their copyrights. For this purpose or business, JASRAC manage copyrights in turn by legal agreements with organizations overseas such as PRS for Music, ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, HARRY FOX AGENCY and Muserk.

Numerical information on music business is made public every year. In 2019, JASRAC collected national money of 117,691,182,223 yen in total from April 1 to March 31. On the other hand, JASRAC gave 117,056,695,494 yen to members such as songwriters in total during the same period.



Abdul Hay Mosallam Zarara

Abdul Hay Mosallam Zarara (10 March 1933 – 1 August 2020) was a self-taught Palestinian artist. He was born in Al-Dawayima, near Al Khalil (Hebron), in Palestine.

Mosallam was known for recreating scenes from daily life in his lost Palestinian home. Mosallam also created documentation of the recent Palestinian struggle and liberation movements in the form of painted reliefs. 

Mosallam Zarara died on 1 August 2020 in Amman, Jordan at the age of 87.

Edina Müller

Edina Müller (born 28 June 1983) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She played several major tournaments like 2011 European Championship, 2012 Paralympic Games, and 2014 World Championships.

Sa. Kandasamy

Sa. Kandasamy (23 July 1940 – 31 July 2020) was an Indian novelist and filmmaker. He was born in Tamil Nadu. His 1968 novel "Chayavanam" was listed by the National Book Trust as a masterpiece in modern Indian Literature.

In 1998, Kandasamy was honored with the Sahitya Academy award for his novel "Vicharanai Commission".

Kandasamy died on 31 July 2020 from a heart attack, aged 80.

Litoria nullicedens

Litoria nullicedens is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found this frog on the southwestern side of Mount Obree, at 550 meters above sea level.

This frog has green coloring on the inside of its mouth. Scientists say it is related to the northern New Guinea tree frog, "Litoria graminea".

Ua Mau ke Ea o ka ‘Āina i ka Pono

Ua Mau ke Ea o ka ‘Āina i ka Pono is the state motto of Hawaii. In Hawaiian, it means "The life of the land is perpetuated in righteousness".

Cherokee language

The Cherokee language (ᏣᎳᎩ ᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍᏗ, "Tsalagi Gawonihisdi") is an endangered language spoken by the Cherokee people.

The Cherokee language doesn't use the Latin alphabet (ABCs) like English does. Instead, it uses its own alphabet, which has some letters that look like the ABCs. Each letter represents a different syllable sound. This special alphabet was invented by a Cherokee man named Sequoyah.

Below is a chart of all the letters of the Cherokee alphabet and the sound each one makes.

Notes:

The Cherokee language uses many prefixes and suffixes.


Chess in Azerbaijan

Chess is one of the most popular sports in Azerbaijan, where it is organized by the Azerbaijan Chess Federation (ACF). On May 5, 2009 Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev, who is also the chairman of the National Olympic Committee, signed an executive order starting a state-supported chess development program, covering the years 2009–2014.

Chess may be found in the works of 12th century Persian poets such as Khaqani and Nizami, who lived in modern-day Azerbaijan, and also in the works of 16th century Azerbaijani writer and poet Fuzuli and others. Azerbaijani writer and philosopher Mirza Fatali Akhundov explained the rules of chess in his 1864 poem "The Game of Shatranj".

Organized chess began in Azerbaijan shortly after the creation of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic in 1920, and the game soon became widespread. The first chess column appeared in the newspaper "Bakinsky Rabochy" in the early 1920s. In 1923 the first Baku championship took place.

On May 2–3, 1929, a match between teams from Baku and Tbilisi, the capital of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, was held on 8 boards in Baku.

In 1934 the first Azerbaijani Championship took place. This was won by Selimkhanov, who in 1935 became chairman of the Azerbaijan Chess Organization. In 1936 the first Women's Championship was held. In 1936, A. Polisskaya of Baku became women's champion of the South Caucasus. In 1938, a women's chess school was opened at the Baku Chess and Checkers Club.
However, these chess championships at the local and national level were not held every year and the World War II, disrupted the chess tournaments and activities. But since 1947 chess championships have been held every year.

After Azerbaijan gained its independence after the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, Azerbaijani chess players have achieved high results in various international competitions, World and European championships. In 1992, the national team of women for the first time at the World Chess Olympiad in Manila, Philippines represented independent Azerbaijan and ranked 7th among 67 teams. The women team won bronze medals at the European Championship held in Debrecen, Hungary in 1993. The national team of men won bronze medals in 2007 in European Championship held in Greece. Men's team won the title of “Europe’s strongest team” in Serbia in 2009, then won silver medals in 2011 in Greece and in 2013 in Poland. In 2012 and 2014, the men's team “SOCAR-Azerbaijan” won the inter-club European Championships twice. Azerbaijani Grandmasters Shahriyar Mammadyarov, Teymur Radjabov and Vugar Hashimov managed to rise to the 4th and 6th places in the world rankings.

Grandmaster Teymur Radjabov became the first owner of the World Chess Cup in the history of Azerbaijan on October 4, 2019, in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia.



Gustaf Skarsgård

Gustaf Caspar Orm Skarsgård (born 12 November 1980) is a Swedish actor. He is best known outside Scandinavia for his role as Floki in the History Channel series "Vikings" as well as for his roles in the movies "Evil" (2003), "The Way Back" (2010), "Kon-Tiki" (2012) and "Oppenheimer" (2023). He also played Karl Strand in the second season of the HBO series "Westworld".

Gustaf Skarsgård was born in Stockholm, Sweden, to Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård and his first wife, My, a physician. He has five siblings: Alexander, Sam, Bill, Eija and Valter, and two half-brothers Ossian and Kolbjörn from his father's second wife, Megan Everett. Alexander, Bill, and Valter are also actors. His godfather is Swedish actor Peter Stormare.

In 1989, as a nine-year-old, Gustaf Skarsgård acted in the Swedish Film "Codename Coq Rouge". After attending Teaterhögskolan in Stockholm from 1999 to 2003, Gustaf Skarsgård joined the Royal Dramatic Theatre. He played in several of Shakespeare’s, Chekhov's and Söderberg’s works both on the Royal Dramatic Theatre and on Stockholm City Theatre. In 2003 he performed in "Evil" and 2008 in "Patrik 1,5". For both roles he was nominated for the Guldbagge Awards as Best Supporting Actor and as Best Leading Actor. Finally, he received the prize as Best Leading Actor for his role in "Förortsungar". In 2012, Skarsgård joined the History Channel's series "Vikings" in the role of Floki, the shipbuilder.
Gustaf Skarsgård was in a long term relationship with actress Hanna Alström from 1999 to 2005.

Skarsgård won a Guldbagge Awards for "Kidz In da Hood". He won the European Film Academy’s Shooting Stars Award in 2007.


Bart's Friend Falls in Love

"Bart's Friend Falls in Love" is the 22nd episode of the 3rd season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on May 7, 1992. In the episode, Bart's friend Milhouse gets a girlfriend named Samantha Stanky. Bart gets jealous and tells Samantha's father about the relationship. Samantha's father sends her to a different school that only allows girls. While this happens, Homer tries to lose weight using a subliminal stimuli cassette tape. However, Homer is given a tape about using better vocabulary instead.

The beginning of the episode is a parody of the movie "Raiders of the Lost Ark". The end of the episode is a parody of the movie "Casablanca".

Milhouse shows Bart his new toy, a Magic 8-Ball. Bart asks the Magic 8-Ball if he and Milhouse will still be friends at the end of the day. The Magic 8-Ball says that they will not. A girl from Phoenix, Arizona named Samantha Stanky becomes a new student at the Springfield Elementary School. Milhouse falls in love with Samantha. When school is over, Milhouse brings Samantha to Bart's treehouse and kiss each other. 

Milhouse does not spend time with Bart anymore. This makes Bart feel jealous and left out. Bart tells Samantha's father about her relationship. Samantha's father gets angry at her and puts her in a catholic school that is for girls. Bart starts to feel guilty when he sees that Milhouse is very sad, so he tells Milhouse that he told Samantha's father about the relationship. Milhouse gets very angry and fights Bart. When they calm down, they go to the school that Samantha has been put in. Samantha loves the new school, but she still loves Milhouse. She kisses Milhouse, knowing that she will get punished for doing so.

While this happens, Lisa thinks that Homer is too obese. Marge orders a cassette tape that will subliminally get Homer to lose weight. However, they are given a tape on how to have better vocabulary. Homer has been using more complex words, but he is also getting more weight. When Homer finds out that the tape is only making him more obese, he throws the tape away and no longer uses complex words.

Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide said that the episode is a "keeper". He says that the episode "gets into pre-teen emotions but never becomes sappy." He also says that the other story with Homer "provides terrific laughs as well." Nate Meyers of Digitally Obsessed thought it was tough to see Milhouse in a relationship, but said "Still, the love triangle makes for some interesting drama". Bill Gibron of DVD Verdict thought that the main story was "drawn out" but liked the story with Homer. Nathan Ditum of Total Film and Colin Kennedy of "Empire" said that the episode's parody of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" is the best movie parody of the show. 

Darleen Carr

Darleen Carr (born December 12, 1950) is an American actress, singer, and voice-over artist. She has also been credited as Darlene Carr or Darleen Drake. She has two sisters, both actresses (Shannon Farnon and Charmian Carr).

Carr's only television series in which she had a lead billing was the short-lived CBS sitcom "Miss Winslow & Son" (1979), in which she played Susan Winslow, the single mother and titular character. In 1965-1966, Carr played Kathy, a student at a private girls' academy in California on "The John Forsythe Show". She was a regular on the 1969 version of the NBC variety series "Dean Martin Presents the Gold Diggers" and played Cindy Smith in the 1971-1972 ABC comedy-drama "The Smith Family". Carr also had recurring roles as Margaret Devlin in the western series "The Oregon Trail" (1977) and the editor, reporter and photographer of the town newspaper in the 1981–1982 television series "Bret Maverick". 

Carr portrayed Kathleen "Kick" Kennedy, John F. Kennedy's favorite sister, in a television movie, "Young Joe, the Forgotten Kennedy". She appeared in the miniseries "Once an Eagle" (1976). She portrayed the daughter of Karl Malden's character on 12 episodes of "The Streets of San Francisco" (1972–77), as well as in the TV movie sequel, "Back to the Streets of San Francisco" (1992).

On television during the 1970s and 1980s she was a guest on such shows as "The F.B.I." (on 2 episodes), The Virginian,"Alias Smith and Jones", "Marcus Welby M.D." (2 episodes), "Chopper One", "The Rookies" (3 episodes), "The Waltons", "S.W.A.T.", "Medical Center" (3 episodes), "Man from Atlantis", "Fantasy Island", "The Paper Chase", "Barnaby Jones" (3 episodes), "The White Shadow", "Vega$", "Quincy M.E.", "Charlie's Angels", "V", "Murder, She Wrote", "Magnum, P.I.", and "Simon & Simon" (4 episodes). In 1994 she appeared as Ambassador E'Tyshra on "".

Her movie roles included appearances in "Monkeys, Go Home!" (1967) —her movie debut, "The Impossible Years" (1968) with David Niven, "Death of a Gunfighter" (1969) with Richard Widmark, "The Beguiled" (1971) with Clint Eastwood, "Eight Days a Week" (1997) with Keri Russell, and TV horror movies such as "The Horror at 37,000 Feet" (1973) and the TV remake of "Piranha" (1995).

She is also a singer and sang in "The Sound of Music", dubbing the high singing voice for Duane Chase as Kurt, and in Walt Disney's "The Jungle Book", as The Girl. She released an album, "The Carr-DeBelles Band," in 1988.

Carr was married to Jason Laskay for two years before they separated in the 1970s. She later married Zelko Megovetich, a horse trainer. They had a son who died of Duncan’s Disease in 1981. She was married to actor Jameson Parker.

Kita, Tokyo

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Kita was formed by combining the wards of Ōji and Takinogawa.

Kōtō

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Kōtō was formed by combining the wards of Fukagawa and Jōtō.

Sumida, Tokyo

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Sumida was formed by combining the wards of Honjo and Mukojima.

Taitō

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Taitō was formed by combining the wards of Asakusa and Shitaya.

Emil Ciocoiu

Emil Ciocoiu (13 September 1948 – 1 August 2020) was a Romanian painter and photographer.

In 1972, he won the "Musée 2000" Prize in Luxembourg, and the City of Bucharest awarded him the scholarship of Theodor Aman in 1975.

From 1994 to 2000, Ciocoiu's works were displayed at the Salon des indépendants in Paris. In 1997, the European Parliament organized an exhibition of his paintings.

Ciocoiu died on 1 August 2020, aged 71.

Sean Martin (cartoonist)

Sean Stephane Martin (December 29, 1950 – August 3, 2020) was an American-Canadian cartoonist, illustrator, and graphic designer. He was best known for creating the long-running "Doc and Raider" comic strip which appeared in LGBT publications.

Martin died of pancreatic cancer on August 3, 2020 at the age of 69.

John Otto (politician)

John Clifford Otto (1948 – August 1, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 18 from 2004 to 2017. He was born in Dayton, Texas.

Otto died on August 1, 2020 in Dayton, Texas at the age of 71.

Dayton, Texas

Dayton is a city in Liberty County, Texas, United States. The population was 8,777 at the 2020 census.

Reni Santoni

Reni Santoni (April 21, 1939 – August 1, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in New York City. His career began in 1962 and he retired in 2012. 

He was known for his roles as Inspector "Chico" González in 1971's "Dirty Harry", as prison official Ramon Herrera in "Bad Boys" (1983), and as Detective Tony Gonzales in the action movie "Cobra" (1986).

Santoni died on August 1, 2020 under hospice care in Los Angeles from cancer at the age of 81.

David L. Gunn

David L. Gunn (born June 21, 1937) is an American transportation businessman. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

He was Director of Operations of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) from 1975 to 1979, General Manager and Chief Operations Officer of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) from 1979 to 1984, President of the New York City Transit Authority from 1984 to 1990, the General Manager at WMATA (the Washington Metro) from 1991 to 1994, and Chief General Manager of the Toronto Transit Commission in Canada from 1995 to 1999.

In 2002, Gunn became president of Amtrak. He was fired in 2005.

Tim Wirth

Timothy Endicott Wirth (born September 22, 1939) is an American politician and environmentalist. He was born in Santa Fe, New Mexico.

Wirth, a Democrat, was a member of the House from 1975 to 1987. He was elected to the Senate in 1986, serving one term there before retiring in 1993. 

He worked in the United States Department of Education for President Richard Nixon and was the first Under Secretary of State for Global Affairs for the United States Department of State for President Bill Clinton. 

He worked with Vice President Al Gore on global environmental and population issues, supporting the administration's views on global warming. 

From 1998 to 2013, he was the president of the United Nations Foundation.

Nicholas D'Agosto

Nicholas D'Agosto (born April 17, 1980) is an American actor. He is known for being the lead of "Final Destination 5". He starred in the Showtime series "Masters of Sex" and the Fox series "Gotham".

Dehydrogenation

Dehydrogenation is the chemical process where hydrogen is taken from an organic molecule. It is the reverse of hydrogenation.

Ryōko Tateishi

In 1976, she joined the Engeki Shūdan En troupe. In 2015, she moved to Sis Company.

In 2004, she won an Individual Award in the 39th Kinokuniya Awards. Her final stage appearance was in a 2019 adaptation of "Crime and Punishment".

In September 2019, she was diagnosed with lung cancer. A performance she planned to be in was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Japan. In June 2020, her health became worse. She died of lung cancer on 2 August 2020 in Tokyo Metropolis, aged 68.

Gregory Areshian

Gregory Areshian (13 May 1949 – 2 August 2020) was an Armenian-American archeologist and historian. He was a professor at American University of Armenia. He was the co-director of the international team of archeologists that found the 5,500 years old shoe in and the oldest winery in Areni.

Areshian taught at 14 American universities and colleges including; the University of California, Los Angeles, University of California, Irvine, University of Chicago, University of Wisconsin, Platteville, and Amherst College. 

Areshian died on 2 August 2020 in Yerevan from COVID-19, aged 71.

Getúlio Teixeira Guimarães

Dom Getúlio Teixeira Guimarães (17 October 1937 – 1 August 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Cipotânea, Minas Gerais. He became a priest in 1966 in Barbacena. In 1984, Pope John Paul II appointed him to be the Bishop of the Diocese of Cornélio Procópio. He retired in 2014.

Guimarães died on 1 August 2020 from heart disease-related problems in Cornélio Procópio, Paraná, aged 82.

Siddaramaiah

Siddaramaiah (born 12 August 1948) is an Indian politician. He was born in present-day Karnataka, India. He is a member of the Indian National Congress. He was the Chief Minister of Karnataka between 2013 and 2018.

Adhe Tapontsang

Adhe Tapontsang (1932 – 3 August 2020) was a Tibetan resistance fighter of the Chushi Gangdruk. She spent 27 years in the Laogai before taking refuge in India. Tapontsang was born in Ghortsa, Xinlong County, Tibet. 

In 1958, Tapontsang was arrested and separated from her two children. She was subject to interrogation and internment in the Laogai for 27 years, eleven of them as a "free laborer". She was released in 1985.

Tapontsang died on 3 August 2020 in Dharamshala, India at the age of 92.

Jan Halvarsson

Jan Ivar "Janne" Halvarsson (26 December 1942 – 5 May 2020) was a Swedish cross-country skier. He was born in Östersund, Sweden. He won a silver medal at the 1968 Winter Olympics.

Halvarsson died on 5 May 2020 in Hammerdal, Sweden, aged 77.

Leslie Randall (actor)

Leslie Randall (19 October 1924 – 2 August 2020) was an English actor. He was born in South Shields, County Durham. He was known for starring in "Joan and Leslie", ITV's first home-grown situation comedy. He also appeared in the 1963 movie version of "Billy Liar" where he played Danny Boon.

On 2 August 2020, it was announced that Randall had died at age 95.

Carol A. Timmons

Carol A. Timmons ( – August 2, 2020) was an American military officer. She was the Adjutant General of the Delaware National Guard from February 1, 2017, until her retirement on March 2, 2019.

She was awarded the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, and others.

Timmons died on August 2, 2020 at the age of 62.

St. Jude Children's Research Hospital

Saint Jude Children's Research Hospital is a pediatric treatment and research facility focused on children's catastrophic diseases. It helps to treat leukemia and other cancers. The hospital costs about US$2.8 million a day to run, but patients are not charged for their care. 

It is located in Memphis, Tennessee. St. Jude was founded by entertainer Danny Thomas in 1962.

Vangapandu Prasada Rao

Vangapandu Prasada Rao (Telugu: వంగపండు ప్రసాదరావు) (1943 – 4 August 2020) was an Indian poet, lyricist and actor. He was better known as "Vangapandu". He was born in Andhra Pradesh. A political writer, he was known for writing works that were pro-communism and held rallies about it. He also wrote revolutionary songs such as "yantrametta nadustumdantee", "Jajjenaka janare", "eem pillado eldamostavaa" and "ooda nuv vellipoke".

Rao died on 4 August 2020 at the age of 77.

Ernesto Brambilla

Ernesto "Tino" Brambilla (31 January 1934 – 3 August 2020) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was a professional race car driver. He was born in Monza. 

In 1959, he finished in 10th place in the 350cc Grand Prix motorcycle season. In 1961 he again finished in 10th place in the 350 class.

Brambilla entered in two Formula One Grands Prix, firstly in the 1963 Italian Grand Prix, which he failed to qualify. 

Brambilla died on 3 August 2020 in Monza from a heart attack, aged 86.

The Secret Life of Pets 2

The Secret Life of Pets 2 is a 2019 American 3D computer animated comedy movie produced by Illumination, directed by Chris Renaud. It was written by Brian Lynch.

It is the sequel to "The Secret Life of Pets" (2016).

The movie stars Patton Oswalt (who replaces Louis C.K.), Kevin Hart, Eric Stonestreet, Jenny Slate, Tiffany Haddish, Lake Bell, Nick Kroll, Dana Carvey, Ellie Kemper, Chris Renaud, Tara Strong, Michael Beattie, Hannibal Buress, Bobby Moynihan, and Harrison Ford.

The movie was theatrically released in the United States on June 7, 2019, by Universal Pictures. The movie received mixed reviews from critics.

Tiffany Haddish

Tiffany Sara Cornilia Haddish (born December 3, 1979) is an American actress, comedian, and author. She is known for her role as Nekeisha Williams on the NBC sitcom "The Carmichael Show". 

Magnificent Obsession (1935 movie)

Magnificent Obsession is a 1935 American drama movie directed by John M. Stahl and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Lloyd C. Douglas. It stars Robert Taylor, Irene Dunne, Charles Butterworth, Betty Furness, Sara Haden, Beryl Mercer and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was remade in 1954.


Nick Kroll

Nicholas Kroll (born June 5, 1978) is an American actor, comedian, producer and writer. He is known for creating and starring in the Comedy Central series "Kroll Show", "The Oh, Hello Show", the FX comedy series "The League", and starring in and co-creating in the animated Netflix series "Big Mouth".

Irfaan Ali

Mohamed Irfaan Ali (born 25 April 1980) is a Guyanese politician. He is the 10th President of Guyana since 2020. He was a Member of Parliament and the Minister of Housing.

Mark Phillips (Guyana)

Mark Phillips (born 1961) is a Guyanese politician and retired military officer. In August 2020, he became the 9th Prime Minister of Guyana. He was the chief of staff of the Guyana Defence Force from 2013 to 2016.

U.S. Route 491

U.S. Route 491 is a U.S. Highway through Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico, from north to south. It was originally known as Devil's Highway or Route 666.

Azerbaijan Cup

The Azerbaijan Cup is a major association football competition in Azerbaijan. In its original form, it started in 1936, when the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union and it was not disputed by Azerbaijani teams in the Soviet league pyramid.

Compared to cups in many other countries, Azerbaijan attracts considerably less public interest and even the cup final tickets are rarely sold out. Consequently, the Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan has experimented with the cup in order to raise public interest for the cup.

The clubs from Azerbaijan First Division (2nd tier) play in the First Round. The winners of that round advance to the Second Round, where the clubs from the Azerbaijani Premier League (1st tier) join. For the quarterfinals and the semifinals, the round-robin system is used. For the finals, the format is restored to head-to-head.

All clubs from the Azerbaijani Premier League and the Azerbaijan First Division.



Note

Azerbaijan First Division

The Azerbaijan First Division () is the second highest professional division in Azerbaijani professional football. The division is run by AFFA.

Due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union, all Azerbaijan clubs of the former Soviet Premier Division and Soviet First Division organized in a single Azerbaijan Premier League, which meant that the new second tier of Azerbaijani football would remain regionalized. For the first two seasons three regional groups organized the second tier, until in 1994 the single table in use today began to be used.

The First Division currently has of 14 teams. All teams play each other two times.

CBC Sport currently own all the rights to broadcast the season's games on television. In Azerbaijan, the First Division games is also available on CBC Sport.




Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year

Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year is an yearly title awarded to the best Azerbaijani football (soccer) player of the year. The award has been given since 1991, and the winner is elected by authorized journalists from the leading Azerbaijani sport media. On the same occasion, an award is also given for Azerbaijani Football Goalkeeper of the Year since 2009. However, this award is not always given every year.

The same year the Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan was founded, an award for the best Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year began being given every year. The first award was given to former Azerbaijan national football team striker Samir Alakbarov in 1991, and was further awarded in succession in 1992 and 1993. The Azerbaijan national football team captain Rashad Sadygov has the most number of awards at six. The striker Vagif Javadov became the youngest player to win the award in 2009 at the age of 20. The midfielder Mahmud Gurbanov became the oldest player to win the award in 2007 at the age of 34. The award was not given in 1995.

The first Azerbaijani Football Goalkeeper of the Year award was given to Kamran Agayev in 2009, and was further awarded in succession in 2011 and 2012. Both awards are given at the end of the football season.

Annie's Song

"Annie's Song" is a song recorded and written by singer/songwriter John Denver. It was his second number one song in the USA, staying that place for two weeks in July 1974. It also went to number one in the UK. 

"Annie's Song" was written as an poem to Denver's then-wife, Annie Denver (Annie Martel) of Sleepy Eye, Minnesota.

This song was written in about ten-and-a-half minutes one day on a ski lift to the top of Aspen Mountain in Aspen, Colorado, as the physical exhilaration of having "just skied down a very difficult run" and the feeling of total immersion in the beauty of the colours and sounds that filled all senses ..by the time he had finished the 10 minute ride, the song was finished. He went straight home and penned the song. 

The song has since become a wedding standard and an expression of love for many people, due to its grand imagery and the fact it could appeal anyone (Annie is not mentioned by name in any part of the song). 


All Japan Student Go Federation

All Japan Student Go Federation (全日本学生囲碁連盟) is a Japanese student Go organization for holding university Go championships. They have branches in each regions (Kanto, Kansai, Kyushu, Tohoku etc.).
In Japan, most Go tournaments are held by Nihon Ki-in or Kansai Ki-in. All Japan Student Go Federation and their branches are made for student games. They are not under direct control but have close relation with them.
They are holding various tournaments with corporate sponsors.
This is a game to give the student world champion trophy since 2003. Players from each region (including Taiwan, Europe, Oceania etc.) will compete. The expected games in 2020 have been cancelled due to the COVID-19 outbreak.

This is a team competition by each university. Teams that have cleared regional preliminaries can attend. Each team can send only 5 members and substitutes. The sponsor is Yomiuri Newspaper (as same as Yomiuri Giants).

This is the only one game that limits participants by gender. The sponsor is Mainichi Newspaper. Some winners have eventually obtained professional status, or became top amateur players.

This is the only one game that allows the attendance of high school and graduate students. It is held since 1964. The sponsor is Asahi Shinbun.


Megumi Asaoka

Megumi Asaoka (麻丘めぐみ) is a Japanese female popular singer and actress. Asaoka was born on October 11, 1955 in Ohita, Japan and grew up in Osaka. She started as a model for photos of magazines and on TV commercials. In 1972 at age 16, she started as a singer and sung her first recording song "芽ばえ". Her biggest hit that she had ever made was a song "わたしの彼は左きき" in July, 1973. Many songs sung by Asaoka were written by a songwriter Kyohei Tsutsumi.

She had been popular in 1970s. But in 1983 she made up her mind to start herself as an actress for movies and on television.

Her major hit songs were as follows.



List of programs broadcast by Universal Kids

This is a list of television programs that are currently being broadcast or were broadcast in the past on Universal Kids and under its former name "Sprout". The programming is either created for Universal Kids ("original programming") or created for another network and later bought by Universal Kids ("acquired programming").

There are many types of programs. 


This is a list of programs that have formerly aired on PBS Kids Sprout (2005–2013), Sprout (2013–2017), and Universal Kids (2017–present).

The programming blocks below were all shown under the "Sprout" banner.

List of programs broadcast by PBS Kids

The following is a list of television programs that are being broadcast or have been broadcast in the past on public television in the United States on the PBS Kids television channel (the original channel and its revival) and the PBS Kids block on local PBS stations.

The following programs are currently airing on select local PBS stations only. They are no longer distributed nationally, though are still available for local stations to air independently.
The following programs are distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself. These programs are broadcast by select local PBS stations.
The following programs are distributed by National Educational Telecommunications Association, not PBS itself. These programs are broadcast by select local PBS stations.

The following interstitials run for a minute and are usually shown at the start or end of a traditional, full-form program.

The following programs were distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself. These programs were broadcast by select local PBS stations.
Programs with marked with an asterisk (*) have been featured on the Family Night weekend primetime block on PBS Kids 24/7.


Tim Staffell

Timothy John Staffell (born 24 February 1948) is an English rock singer, visual artist, model maker and designer. Together with Freddie Mercury and John Deacon, they formed the band Queen.

English Lutheran Church

English Lutheran Church is a historic church at 1040 New Hampshire Street in Lawrence, Kansas. It was built in 1870, and it grew in 1900. It was added to the National Register in 1995.

It is a two-story church. It is made of rusticated limestone on a limestone block base. It is about in plan.

Douglas County Courthouse (Kansas)

The Douglas County Courthouse in Lawrence, Kansas is a three-and-a-half-story stone courthouse. It was built in 1903.

It was designed by 19th-century architect John G. Haskell. Frederick C. Gunn, who was also an architect, helped. The style is Richardsonian Romanesque.


Nyctimystes ocreptus

Nyctimystes ocreptus is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found it on Mount Albert Edward, 2600 meters above sea level. Some may also live on Mount Victoria or Mount Knutsford.

This frog has brown eyes. The veins in its lower eyelid go in all directions, like a net. This frog's skin is gold-green to gray-green in color. Its belly is white with purple and brown marks.

Scientists say this frog is related to the common big-eyed tree frog, "Nyctimystes narinosus".

The name of this frog is from the words "oculus in rete captus," which means "eye caught in a net."

A55 road

The A55, also called the North Wales Expressway (Welsh: "Gwibffordd Gogledd Cymru"), is an important road in Great Britain. It goes between Chester, England and Holyhead, Wales. It goes along the north coast of Wales for most of its route. For most of the route, it is a dual carriageway. Many parts of the road act like a motorway. 

It is also part of the European route E22, which links to Amsterdam, Riga, and Moscow. The route once went between Bangor and Chester, but was extended to Holyhead in 2001. This links to the Republic of Ireland through the Port of Holyhead. In total, the road is long.

| colspan=4 | Coordinate list

A55

A55 may refer to:





Gazebo

A gazebo is a pavilion structure. It is often built in a park, garden or large public area.

Disc golf

Disc golf is a flying disc sport in which players throw a disc at a target. It is played using rules similar to golf.

The game is played in about 40 countries. As of 2019, there are active people in the PDGA worldwide.

Related pages:


2020 Beirut explosion

On 4 August 2020, an explosion happened in the city of Beirut, the capital of Lebanon.

The blast happened at the Port of Beirut and left at least 220 people dead (with the total expected to go higher), at least 7,500 injured, and many more missing. The Governor of Beirut, Marwan Abboud, said over 300,000 people lost their homes.

It is said that the explosion may have been caused by 2,750 tonnes of ammonium nitrate. Ammonium nitrate is a chemical substance that can be used for fertilizer. It can also be used to make explosives. The government took the ammonium nitrate from a ship in the port of Damascus, the MV Rhosus. The MV Rhosus had been abandoned in the port, after the Lebanese government said it was no longer fit to travel by sea. The ammonium nitrate was then stored in the port, for at least six years. This may have been without the proper precautions. There are various regulations how ammonium nitrate should be stored, and handled. In its pure form, ammonium nitrate does not burn; but it increases fires a great deal. It should therefore not be stored near flammable substances, and it should not be heated in a closed space. It is also very sensitive to temperature.

Before the big explosion, here seems to have been a fire in a part of the warehouse, where fireworks were stored. The ammonium nitrate was stored in the same building.

The explosion has been compared to three thousand tonnes of TNT.

Some countries offered medical aid, rescue teams and money to help deal with the aftermath of the disaster.

Orichalcum

Orichalcum or aurichalcum, ὀρείχαλκος is the name of a metal or two different metals. Old writings from ancient Greece talk about orichalcum and the Romans made coins out of a metal they called orichalcum, but they might not have been the same metal. People were not sure exactly what it was, until 2015 a shipwreck was found whose cargo contained ingots of orichalcum. 

Initially some scholars thought orichalcum was the ancient Greek name for platinum. Others thought it was an alloy, or mixture, of copper and either gold, tin, or zinc. Scientists examined Roman coins and found a mixture of copper and zinc.

The chemical analysis of the ingots found in the 2015 shipwreck revealed orichalcum is high quality brass. Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc, and while the ancient Greeks did not know metallic zinc, they knew zinc-containing ores, and the description that orichalcum has similar colour and shine as gold, fits well to the properties of brass. While brass is not exactly a precious metal, it does not corrode and it is widely used on jewelry, marine instruments and medical instruments. Goldsmiths and jewellers describe brass as "mahogany of metals".

The name "orichalcum" is from the Greek word for "mountain copper" or "mountain metal."

Some people think name "aurichalcum" comes from the word "aurum" for "gold," but it does not.

In general, when ancient Greek writers wrote about orichalcum, they said it was a metal that looked like gold but that they did not know much else about it. To Homer, Hesiod and Plato, orichalcum was a metal from much earlier times that did not exist in their own time and place.

In one of the Homeric Hymns, Homer writes about orichalcum earrings. He says the goddess Aphrodite wears them. Hesiod writes about orichalcum greaves, which are leg armor. Neither writer was talking about his own time and place.

Plato wrote about orichalcum in his book "Critias". In the book, Plato says orichalchum was in the ground of the legendary island of Atlantis. To the Atlanteans, it was the second-most-valuable metal, after gold. Plato says the Atlanteans put orichalcum on their city walls and temples. Plato calls orichalcum "only a name" in his own time, meaning he did not think he had ever seen orichalcum.

The ancient Romans also had a metal that they called orichalcum. Around the time the Roman Republic ended and the Roman Empire started, the Romans stopped making coins out of bronze and started making them out of orichalcum: asses coins, sestertii coins, dupondii coins and semisses coins.

Roman orichalcum does corrode over time, the way iron rusts and silver tarnishes.

Scientists analyzed Roman coins and saw they were made of copper and zinc. During the early days of the Roman Empire, Romans invented a better way to make zinc-copper alloys. This way is called cementation. To do it, the metalworker has to heat the zinc and copper to exactly the correct temperature. Then there can be as much as 30% zinc in the orichalcum.

Orichalcum appears in many works of fiction, especially stories about Atlantis. It is in television shows, for example "The Mysterious Cities of Gold" and "". It is in video games, for example "Castlevania: Curse of Darkness" and "Elder Scrolls" and also 

Shirley Ann Grau

Shirley Ann Grau (July 8, 1929 – August 3, 2020) was an American writer. She was born in New Orleans. Her work is set mainly in the Deep South and talks about issues of race and gender.

Her 1964 work "The Keepers of the House" was awarded the 1965 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. 

She was an important feminist writer who talked about abortion, death and misogyny.

Grau died on August 3, 2020 in Kenner, Louisiana from stroke-related problems at the age of 91.

Yard (land)

A yard is an open space around a building. For instance, the space around a school is called a school yard. A yard is often used by humans and their pets. Yards with plants are called lawns.

Fatti maschi, parole femmine

Fatti maschii, parole femine is an Italian phrase literally meaning "deeds are males, words are females", but the actual institutional meaning is "strong deeds, gentle words". This phrase is the state motto of Maryland. 

Ontario Highway 404

Ontario Highway 404 is a 400-series highway. It starts at Highway 401 in Toronto and ends at Woodbine Avenue in East Gwillimbury.

2042

2042 (MMXLII) will be .


2053

2053 (MMLIII) will be .


2055

2055 (MMLV) will be .


Mark Ormrod (historian)

William Mark Ormrod, , (1 November 1957 – 2 August 2020), known professionally as Mark Ormrod, was an English historian. His works focused on the English later Middle Ages. 

He worked at the University of York where he became Dean of the History Faculty and director of the Centre for Medieval Studies. He researched and published widely, including nine books and over 80 book chapters.

Ormrod died of bowel cancer on 2 August 2020 in York, aged 62.

Regional Representative Council

The Regional Representative Council (, DPD; alternatively translatable as the House of Regions or the House of Regional Representatives or the Senate of Indonesia), is one of two parliamentary chambers in Indonesia. 

With the "Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat," (DPR), it makes up the Indonesian national legislative body, the "Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat" (MPR).

Under Indonesia's constitution, the authority of the DPD is limited to areas related to regional governments and can only propose and give advise on bills to the DPR.

People's Representative Council of the Republic of Indonesia

The People's Representative Council of the Republic of Indonesia (, DPR-RI) is one of two elected national legislative assemblies in Indonesia.

Together with the Regional Representative Council ("Dewan Perwakilan Daerah", DPD), a second chamber with limited powers, it makes up a legislative body, the People's Consultative Assembly ("Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat", MPR). 

The house has been controversial due to high levels of fraud and corruption.

People's Consultative Assembly

The People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia (, MPR-RI) is the legislative branch in Indonesia's political system. It is made up of the members of the People's Representative Council (DPR) and the Regional Representative Council (DPD). 

Before 2004, and the amendments to the 1945 Constitution, the MPR was the highest governing body in Indonesia.


Dani Anwar

Dani Anwar (22 February 1968 – 3 August 2020) was an Indonesian PKS politician. He was a Senator from 2009 to 2014. He was also a member of the Jakarta Regional People's Representative Council from 2019 until his death. He was born in Jakarta.

Anwar died on 3 August 2020 in Jakarta from COVID-19, aged 52.

Ralf Metzenmacher

Ralf Metzenmacher (July 26, 1964 – August 3, 2020) was a German painter and designer. He was an expert Retro-Art, a mixture between art and product design. He was born in Aachen, Germany. Between 1991 and 2004 he worked as a designer for Puma. As director, towards the end of his time there he was responsible for the Footwear Europe and Accessories International division.

Metzenmacher died on August 3, 2020 at the age of 56.

Michael Peter Smith

Michael Peter Smith (September 7, 1941 – August 3, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter. He was known as "The greatest songwriter in the English language". He sang and composed from the 1960s.

He was best known for writing "The Dutchman", which was popularized by Steve Goodman.

He died from colon cancer on August 3, 2020 at the age of 78.

Ebrahim Alkazi

Ebrahim Alkazi (18 October 1925 – 4 August 2020) was an Indian theatre director and drama teacher. He was the Director of National School of Drama, New Delhi from 1962 to 1977. 

He directed over 50 plays, including famous productions of: Girish Karnad's "Tughlaq", Mohan Rakesh's "Ashadh Ka Ek Din", Dharamvir Bharati's "Andha Yug" and numerous Shakespeare and Greek plays.

Rajko Dujmić

Rajko Dujmić (7 August 1954 – 4 August 2020) was a Croatian songwriter, composer and music producer. He was best known as a member of the pop group Novi fosili. He composed the winner entry of Eurovision Song Contest 1989, "Rock me".

He was in a car crash on 29 July 2020. Dujmić died six days later, on 4 August at the hospital, aged 65.

Dick Goddard

Richard D. "Dick" Goddard (February 24, 1931 – August 4, 2020) was an American television meteorologist, author, cartoonist, and animal activist. He was the evening meteorologist at WJW-TV. He held the Guinness World Record for longest career as a weather forecaster. Goddard was born in Akron, Ohio.

In June 2020, he tested positive for COVID-19. Goddard died on August 4, 2020 in Florida, at the age of 89.

Hu Ping

Hu Ping (1 July 1930 – 4 August 2020) was a Chinese politician. He was born in Jiaxing, Zhejiang. Hu was a member of the Chinese Communist Party. Hu was Governor of Fujian from 1983 to 1987. He was the Minister of Commerce from 1988 to 1993.

In March 1950, he joined the Communist Party of China. From 1955 to 1962, he served as the head of the Office of the Ministry of Industry of the Fujian Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China, the deputy director of the Office of the Ministry of Industry and Communications of the Fujian Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China, the deputy director of the Cadre Department, and the deputy director of the Education Department. 

Hu died on 4 August 2020 in Beijing, aged 90.

Jiaxing

Jiaxing (), alternately romanized as Kashing, is a prefecture-level city in northern Zhejiang province, China. At the 2010 census, its population was 4,501,657.

Willie Hunter (footballer)

William Hunter (14 February 1940 — 4 August 2020) was a Scottish football player and manager. Hunter spent most of his playing career with Motherwell.

He also played for the Detroit Cougars, Hibernian, Hellenic and Cape Town City. Hunter also represented both Scotland and the Scottish League. 

He was born in Edinburgh. Hunter died in August 2020, aged 80.

Eddie Ilarde

Edgardo "Eddie" U. Ilarde (August 25, 1934 – August 4, 2020) was a Filipino radio-television host and politician. He was born in Iriga, Camarines Sur. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He hosted "Student Canteen". From 1965 to 1969, he was a member of the House of Representatives. In 1972, he was a member of the Senate.

Ilarde died on August 4, 2020 at a hospital in Makati, Philippines at the age of 85.

Lorenzo Chiarinelli

Lorenzo Chiarinelli (16 March 1935 – 3 August 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Concerviano, Italy. He became a priest in 1957. He was made a bishop in 1983 by Pope John Paul II. 

He was the Bishop of Sora-Cassino-Aquino-Pontecorvo from 1983 to 1993, Aversa from 1993 to 1997 and Viterbo from 1997 to 2010.

Chiarinelli died on 3 August 2020 at the age of 85.

Shivajirao Patil Nilangekar

Shivajirao Nilangekar Patil (1 September 1928 – 5 August 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a leader of Indian National Congress Party. He was born in Nilanga, Maharashtra. He was the Chief Minister of Maharashtra between 1985 to 1986. He was also a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly between 1962 to 2014.

Nilangekar died on 5 August 2020 from COVID-19 at a hospital in Pune, aged 91.

Karam Ali Shah

Pir Karam Ali Shah (c. 1934 – 4 August 2020) was a Pakistani politician. He was governor of Gilgit-Baltistan. He was appointed governor on January 26, 2011 by President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari. He stepped down from the job on 16 February 2015. He was born in India.

Shah died on 4 August 2020 in Islamabad, Pakistan at the age of 86.

Jan Strelau

Jan Strelau (May 30, 1931 – August 3, 2020) was a Polish psychologist. He was born in Free City of Danzig, now Gdańsk, Poland. Strelau was best known for his studies on temperament. 

He was professor of psychology at Warsaw University from 1968 to 2001. 

In 2001, he became a professor at Warsaw School of Social Sciences and Humanities, where he took the positions of Vice-rector for Research and International Affairs from 2002 to 2010 and Vice-rector for Research from 2010 to 2012. He was the Chairman of the Board of Trustees from 2012 to 2016.

Strelau died in Warsaw on August 3, 2020 at the age of 89.

Robert Prosky

Robert Prosky (born Robert Joseph Porzuczek, December 13, 1930 – December 8, 2008) was an American actor. 

His best known movie roles were in "Thief" (1981), "Christine" (1983), "The Natural" (1984), and "Broadcast News" (1987). 

He also appeared in "" (1990), "Hoffa" (1992), "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "Last Action Hero" (1993), "Miracle on 34th Street" (1994), "Dead Man Walking" (1995), and "Mad City" (1997).

Prosky died on December 8, 2008 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. at the age of 78. The cause of death was heart surgery-related problems.

William Petersen

William Louis Petersen (born February 21, 1953) is an American actor and producer. He is best known for his role as Gil Grissom in the CBS drama series "" (2000–2015).

The Natural (movie)

The Natural is a 1984 American sports movie. It is based on Bernard Malamud's 1952 novel of the same name. It is directed by Barry Levinson. It stars Robert Redford, Glenn Close, and Robert Duvall.

The movie was nominated for four Academy Awards. 

Many of the baseball scenes were filmed in 1983 at War Memorial Stadium in Buffalo, New York. The All-High Stadium, also in Buffalo, stood in for Chicago's Wrigley Field in a key scene.

Bernard Malamud

Bernard Malamud (April 26, 1914 – March 18, 1986) was an American novelist and short story writer. He was one of the best known American Jewish authors of the 20th century. 

His baseball novel, "The Natural", was made into a 1984 movie. His 1966 novel "The Fixer" (also filmed), about antisemitism in the Russian Empire, won both the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize.

Malamud died in Manhattan on March 18, 1986 from a heart attack, at the age of 71.

Riverhead (CDP), New York

Riverhead is a census-designated place (CDP) located in the town of Riverhead in Suffolk County, New York on Long Island. The CDP's population was 14,993 at the 2020 census.

East Hampton (village), New York

The Village of East Hampton is a village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is located in the town of East Hampton. The population was 1,517 at the time of the 2020 census.

East Hampton, New York

The Town of East Hampton is located in southeastern Suffolk County, New York. At the time of the United States 2020 Census, it had a total population of 28,385.

Brentwood, New York

Brentwood is a hamlet in the Town of Islip in Suffolk County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 Census, the population of Brentwood was 62,387.

Jake LaTurner

Jacob LaTurner (born February 17, 1988) is an American politician. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives since 2021. He became the Kansas State Treasurer in 2017. 

He is a member of the Republican Party. He was in the Kansas State Senate from 2013 until 2017. When he became state treasurer, LaTurner became the youngest current statewide official in the United States. He was reelected to the job in 2018, becoming the youngest current elected statewide official in the United States. 

LaTurner briefly announced a campaign for the United States Senate in the 2020 election but quickly dropped out. He later decided to run for the United States House of Representatives seat representing . LaTurner beat incumbent U.S. Representative Steve Watkins in that primary election.

Michelle De La Isla

Michelle De La Isla (born March 19, 1976) is an American politician. She is the Mayor of Topeka, Kansas since 2018. She was a member of the Topeka City Council from 2013 to 2018. De La Isla is the city's first Latina, first single mother, and second woman to serve as mayor. 

She is the Democratic nominee for Kansas' 2nd congressional district in the 2020 United States House of Representatives race. De La Isla was born in New York City.

Overeating

Overeating (or over-eating) is eating food more than the body needs. There is a relationship between the energy that an organism uses and the amount eaten. Eating more leads to weight gaining and often obesity. It may be regarded as an eating disorder.

One consequence of overeating is weight gain, and excess weight may cause blood pressure to rise. In turn this makes illness and even death more likely.

The problem is very difficult to reverse: losing weight is often attempted, but rarely succeeds. Weight lost is usually rapidly replaced. Diets are famously unsuccessful. Obesity is the end product of overeating.

Some difficult facts are known. Poorer families tend to eat worse food than better-off families. Children learn from the experiences in their families. Once established, habits are hard to break. In 2013, several medical societies, including the American Medical Association and the American Heart Association, classified obesity as a disease.

Galena, Kansas

Galena is a city in Cherokee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 2,761.

Barbara Bollier

Barbara Goolsbee Bollier (born January 13, 1958) is an American physician and politician. She is the Democratic candidate for the United States Senate from Kansas in the 2020 election. 

She is a member of the Kansas Senate since January 2017. Bollier is a member of the Democratic Party, after having left the Republican Party in 2018.

If Bollier won the U.S. Senate race, she would have been the first woman physician elected to the U.S. Senate.

Bollier lost the election to Roger Marshall in the senate race in November 2020.

Tim Huelskamp

Timothy Alan Huelskamp (; born November 11, 1968) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2017. Huelskamp, a member of the Republican Party, was rated the least bipartisan. 

He ran for re-election in 2016 but was defeated in the Republican primary on August 2, 2016, by Roger Marshall. His term in the House ended on January 3, 2017.

Tracey Mann

Tracey Mann (born December 17, 1976) is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives for Kansas's 1st congressional district since 2021.

Mann was the 50th Lieutenant Governor of Kansas from 2018 to 2019. He was appointed by Governor Jeff Colyer in February 2018.

In August 2020, he won the Republican nomination for the United States House of Representatives for Kansas's 1st congressional district. He won the general election in November 2020.

Cori Bush

Cori Bush (born July21, 1976) is an American politician, registered nurse, pastor, and activist. Bush is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Missouri's 1st congressional district since 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On August 4, 2020, she beat 10-term incumbent Lacy Clay in the 2020 U.S. House of Representatives primary election. She won the general election in November 2020.

Lacy Clay

William Lacy Clay Jr. (born July 27, 1956) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative from from 2001 to 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On August 4, 2020, he lost the Democratic primary to serve for an 11th term to community activist and progressive Democrat Cori Bush.

Sergio Zavoli

Sergio Wolmar Zavoli (21 September 1923 – 4 August 2020) was an Italian politician and journalist. Zavoli was born in Ravenna, Italy. He was a member of both Democrats of the Left and the Democratic Party. Between 2001 until his retirement in 2018, he was a member of the Italian Senate for Emilia-Romagna.

Zavoli died on 4 August 2020 in Rome at the age of 96.

China Girl (1942 movie)

China Girl is a 1942 American drama movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Gene Tierney, George Montgomery, Lynn Bari, Victor McLaglen, Alan Baxter, Ann Pennington. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Spurred big-eyed tree frog

The spurred big-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimystes pulcher") is a tree frog from New Guinea. It lives on the lower sides of mountains at around 1500 meters above sea level. It lives all through the middle of the island, in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.

The spurred big-eyed tree frog is one of the largest species in "Nyctimystes". The Latin word "pulchra" means "pale" or "fair."

Ram Temple, Ayodhya

Ram Mandir or Ram Temple is a Hindu temple in Ayodhya, a city in Uttar Pradesh, India. The temple is built on the site of the historic Babri Mosque, that was attacked and demolished in 1992 by a group of Hindu extremists. According to Hindus, the site is the birthplace of the Hindu god Rama.

The city (where the temple is), is considered holy by the Hindus.

The Prime minister of India, Narendra Modi held a ceremony in regard to the opening of the temple on 22 January 2024; Some people boycotted the ceremony, because the temple was not completed before the opening; That goes against beliefs of Hindu religion. The Indian National Congress cancelled the invitation calling it a political event of RSS and BJP.


Sky Sport News

Sky Sport News (until August 4th 2020: "Sky Sport News HD") is Germany and Austria's only 24-hour free-to-air sports news channel, owned by Sky Sport Deutschland.

The channel's format shows rolling news bulletins, updated every 15 minutes. It broadcasts live from 9am to midnight. There are three teams of presenters on air daily.

SSNHD launched on 1 December 2011, at midday. The first on-air presenters were Kate Abdo and Thomas Fleischmann. 

In 2016 Sky Deutschland announced that the channel would a become free-to-air channel and would be streamed in Germany. The first free-to-air broadcast was a match between Mainz and Bayern.

The channel now has more content. Alongside rolling news, it also broadcasts highlights, documentaries and magazine shows, all relating to sport. It is only allowed to broadcast 12 minutes of ads every hour.

In 2017, Sky reduced the channel's broadcast hours by three hours to fifteen hours.

On 12 March 2017 Sky Sport News HD started streaming.

On 5 August 2020 the station changed its name to "Sky Sport News". 

News bulletins are always anchored by one man and one woman. 




Zopto

Zopto is a British software company established in 2018 with an additional office located in Manhattan, USA.

It is a cloud-based set of software tools that is mainly used by B2B businesses to send automatic messages and information over the LinkedIn network. It has been used by companies like Accenture, Zoom, IBM etc.

Ilse Uyttersprot

Ilse Uyttersprot (10 May 1967 – 4 August 2020) was a Belgian politician. She was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 2007 to 2010. From 2007 to 2013, she was mayor of Aalst, Belgium.

Uyttersprot was murdered by her boyfriend with a hammer on 4 August 2020 in Aalst, aged 53.

Billy Goldenberg

William Leon Goldenberg (February 10, 1936 – August 3, 2020) was an American composer and songwriter. He was best known for his work on television and movie. He was born in New York City. He was known for composing the scores of "Kojak", "Rhoda" and "Play It Again, Sam".

Goldenberg died on August 3, 2020 in New York City from heart failure at the age of 84.

Andre Spencer

Andre Devell Spencer (July 20, 1964 – August 4, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He played for three teams in the NBA. From 1992 to 1994 Spencer played for the Atlanta Hawks, Golden State Warriors and Sacramento Kings during his brief NBA career. Spencer was born in Stockton, California.

Spencer died on August 4, 2020 at the age of 56.

Eric Bentley

Eric Russell Bentley (September 14, 1916 – August 5, 2020) was a British-born American theater critic, playwright, singer, editor, and translator. In 1998, he was added into the American Theatre Hall of Fame. He was born in Bolton, Lancashire. Beginning in 1953, he taught at Columbia University and was a theatre critic for "The New Republic". He was sued by Tennessee Williams and Arthur Miller because he gave them negative reviews on their plays.

Bentley was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1969. 

Bentley died at his home in New York City on August 5, 2020, at the age of 103.

Sadia Dehlvi

Sadia Dehlvi (1957 – 5 August 2020) was an Indian activist, writer and columnist. She worked with the daily newspaper, the "Hindustan Times", and published in "Frontline" and Urdu, Hindi and English newspapers and magazines. She criticised radical versions of Islam and called for a united understanding of Islam. 

Dehlvi died on 5 August 2020 at a hospital in New Delhi from breast cancer, aged 63.

Pete Hamill

Pete Hamill (; June 24, 1935 – August 5, 2020) was an American journalist, novelist, essayist, editor and educator. He won the Grammy Award for Best Album Notes in 1976.

He was known as "the author of columns that [looked] to [catch] the flavors of New York City's politics and sports and the particular pathos of its crime." 

Hamill was a columnist and editor for the "New York Post" and "The New York Daily News". Hamill, along with fellow columnist Jimmy Breslin, were thought to be New York City's two best known street columnists of their time.

He was a friend of Robert F. Kennedy. Hamill pushed Kennedy to run for President of the United States, then worked for the campaign and covered it as a journalist. He was one of four men who disarmed Sirhan Sirhan of his gun in the aftermath of the Robert F. Kennedy assassination.

Hamill died at a hospital on August 5, 2020 from problems caused by a fractured hip, at age 85.


Agathonas Iakovidis

Agathonas Iakovidis (; 2 January 1955 – 5 August 2020) was a Greek folk singer and musician. He represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with Koza Mostra and the song "Alcohol Is Free". He was born in Langadas, Thessaloniki. His career began in 1971.

On 5 August 2020, Iakovidis died from a heart attack at his Athens home, aged 65.

National Park Service ranger

National Park Service rangers are uniformed employees whose jobs are to protect and preserve areas in the National Park System by the United States Congress and the President of the United States. 

While all employees of the agency work on the National Park Service mission of preserving the natural and cultural resources, the term "park ranger" is traditionally used to describe all National Park Service employees who wear the uniform.

Toni Erdmann

Toni Erdmann is a 2016 German-Austrian comedy-drama movie directed, written and co-produced by Maren Ade. It stars Peter Simonischek and Sandra Hüller.

The movie was named the best movie of 2016 by "Sight & Sound".

It won five awards at the 29th European Film Awards. It also won the European Parliament LUX Prize. 

It was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 89th Academy Awards, but lost to Iran's "The Salesman".

Maren Ade

Maren Ade (; born 12 December 1976) is a German movie director, screenwriter and producer. She teaches screenwriting at the Film Academy Baden-Württemberg in Ludwigsburg. She is known for directing and writing the Academy Award-nominated movie "Toni Erdmann".

Sandra Hüller

Sandra Hüller (born 30 April 1978) is a German actress. She is known for her roles Anneliese Michel in Hans-Christian Schmid's drama "Requiem," and as the starring role in Maren Ade's comedy "Toni Erdmann".

Film Academy Baden-Württemberg

The Filmakademie Baden-Wuerttemberg (German: "Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg") is a movie school in Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, founded in 1991. It is funded by the government, making it a public university.

Doris Buffett

Doris Eleanor Buffett (February 12, 1928 – August 4, 2020) was an American philanthropist. She was also known as the 'retail' philanthropist. She was the founder of "The Sunshine Lady Foundation", "The Learning By Giving Foundation", and "The Letters Foundation" who she co-founded alongside her younger brother, billionaire Warren Buffett.

She was also the daughter of U.S. politician and stockbroker Howard Homan Buffett. She planned to give all of her money away before her death. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

Buffett was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2018. She died on August 4, 2020 at her home in Rockport, Maine at the age of 92.

Daisy Coleman

Catherine Daisy Coleman (March 30, 1997 – August 4, 2020) was an American women's rights activist. Her experience of sexual assault at the age of 14 was featured in the 2016 documentary movie "Audrie & Daisy". 

Coleman co-founded the nonprofit organization, SafeBAE aimed at preventing sexual assault in schools. 

In January 2012, Matthew Barnett, 17, was arrested for the rape and sexual assault of Coleman, a 14-year-old girl. However, the case was dropped by the county prosecutor. Many believe it was dropped because Barnett's grandfather was state representative Rex Barnett.

Coleman died by suicide on August 4, 2020 at the age of 23.

Audrie &amp; Daisy

Audrie & Daisy is an American 2016 documentary movie about three cases of rape of teenage American girls, in 2011 and 2012. 

The documentary shares the stories of two American high school students, Audrie Pott and Daisy Coleman. At the time of the sexual assaults, Pott was 15 and Coleman was 14 years old. After the assaults, the victims and their families were abused and cyberbullied.

Audrie Pott died by suicide in 2012, ten days after the sexual assault.

On August 4, 2020, Daisy Coleman also died by suicide after years of fighting depression and trauma. She was 23 years of age.

"Audrie & Daisy" had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on January 25, 2016. The movie was bought by Netflix for streaming, and was released on September 23, 2016.

Suicide of Audrie Pott

Audrie Taylor Pott (May 27, 1997 – September 12, 2012) was a 15-year-old student at Saratoga High School in Saratoga, California, who died by suicide. She had been sexually assaulted at a party eight days earlier by three 16-year-old boys she knew and nude pictures of her were posted online. She was also bullied. 

On September 3, 2010 while at a party, Pott was dragged sexually assaulted after she passed out because she was drunk. Markers were also used to draw and write on her body, and photographs were taken and shared on social network.

On September 12, 2012, she killed herself by hanging.

On September 30, 2014, California Governor Jerry Brown signed Audrie's Law, "a bill that increases penalties and decreases privacy protections for teens convicted of sex acts on someone who is passed out from drugs or alcohol".

Rex Barnett

Rex Barnett (born October 22, 1938) is an American politician. He was an officer of the Missouri State Highway Patrol for 32 years in Troop H. He was a member of the Republican Party. Between 1994 and 2002, he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives. He was born in Laredo, Missouri.

In 2012, Barnett's grandson, Matthew Barnett, was arrested for the rape of the then fourteen-year-old Daisy Coleman. However prosecutors declined to pursue charges and the records were sealed. Many people believed the case was closed because of Barnett's connection.

Martelli's cat

Martelli's cat ("Felis lunensis") is a small wild cat in the Felinae subfamily. It used to live in Europe. It is extinct now. That means there are no Martelli's cats alive now.

Martelli's cat first lived about 12 million years ago. This was during the Pliocene era. It was bigger than most wildcats. It hunted birds and small mammals.

Some scientists think that the modern wildcat ("Felis silvestris") evolved from Martelli's cat.

Venezuelan Football Federation

The Venezuelan Football Federation ( or ) is the governing body of football in Venezuela. It was founded in 1926 and affiliated in 1952. It is a member of CONMEBOL as well as FIFA, and is in charge of the Venezuela national football team.

Tootie Robbins

James Elbert "Tootie" Robbins (June 2, 1958 – August 2, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was an offensive tackle for 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals and the Green Bay Packers. Robbins was born in Windsor, North Carolina.

Robbins died on August 2, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 62.

Windsor, North Carolina

Windsor is a town in Bertie County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,582 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Bertie County, North Carolina. Windsor is located in North Carolina's Inner Banks region. 

Cecil Leonard

Cecil Leonard (July 20, 1946 – August 5, 2020) was an American football defensive back. He played two seasons with the New York Jets of the American Football League (AFL) and National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Tuskegee University. Leonard was born in Sylacauga, Alabama. Leonard was also a member of the Birmingham Americans of the World Football League (WFL).

Leonard died on August 5, 2020 in Statesboro, Georgia at the age of 74. His family and close friends will hold a memorial service in his hometown on August 23rd in Sylacauga, Alabama.

You Were Never Lovelier

You Were Never Lovelier is a 1942 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by William A. Seiter and is a remake of the 1941 Argentine movie "Los martes, orquídeas". It stars Fred Astaire, Rita Hayworth, Adolphe Menjou, Isobel Elsom, Leslie Brooks and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1943.


List of Azerbaijani movies of the 1930s

A list of earliest movies produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1930s:

Films: 1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films


Hanauma Bay

Hanauma Bay is a tuff cone in Honolulu, Hawaii. It sits near another volcano called Koko Crater.

It was created 32,000 years ago as a vent of the Koʻolau Volcano. It is a popular tourist attraction due to the beach in its crater and at one point had 3 million visitors a year. The bay holds many types of marine wildlife.

The origin of the name “Hanauma” is not well known. The “hana” part means “bay” while the meaning behind “uma” is debated.

List of volcanoes in Hawaii

The islands of Hawaii were made by volcanoes. Most of them are extinct but the Big Island and Maui have active ones. The volcanoes of Hawaii are fueled by a hotspot rather than a tectonic plate.

Hannah Ama Nyarko

Hannah Ama Nyarko (born 25 July 1964) is a Ghanaian diplomat. She is the ambassador of Ghana to Israel.

She studied at the University of Ghana gaining a first and masters degree. In January 1992, she joined the foreign service. She promoted trade between Ghana and Israel.


Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem

Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem is a Latin phrase meaning "By the sword we seek peace, but peace only under liberty". It is the motto of both Massachusetts and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

It was written around 1660 by Algernon Sidney, a member of the British "long parliament". He was an opponent of Charles II, who had him executed for treason.

Peru, New York

Peru is a town in Clinton County in the U.S. state of New York. The population was 6,772 at the 2020 census.

Litoria sauroni

Litoria sauroni is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists have only seen it in the Kikori Integrate Conservation and Development Project area. Different scientists disagree about whether this frog should be in the genus "Litoria" or "Nyctimystes".

This frog has red-and-black eyes and pads, called nuptial pads, on its front feet.

The Satin Slipper

The Satin Slipper (Le soulier de satin) is a 1985 French Portuguese German Swiss drama movie directed by Manoel de Oliveira and based on the play of the same name by Paul Claudel. It stars Isabelle Weingarten, Luís Miguel Cintra, Patricia Barzyk, Anne Consigny, Bernard Alane, Jean-Pierre Bernard.

John Okell

John William Alan Okell OBE (; 1934 – 3 August 2020) was a British linguist. He was known for his studies related to Burma. Okell was born in Brighton, England. 

He retired from the School of Oriental and African Studies in 1999, although he remained a research associate in the Department of South East Asia.

In 2014, in the Queen's Birthday Honours, he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to UK/Burma relations.

He died on 3 August 2020 at the age of 86.

Brent Carver

Brent Carver (November 17, 1951 – August 4, 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was best known for his roles on Broadway in "Parade" as Leo Frank and "Kiss of the Spider Woman" as Molina. He won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical in 1993. 

Carver was born in Cranbrook, British Columbia. He died on August 4, 2020 at the age of 68 at home in Cranbrook.

Murray Cheater

Murray Cheater (26 January 1947 – 4 August 2020) was a New Zealand athlete. He competed in the men's hammer throw at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Auckland.

Cheater died on 4 August 2020 at the age of 73.

John Chang-yik

Chang-yik died on August 5, 2020 at the age of 86.


Cassegrain telescope

Cassegrain telescopes are reflector telescopes that use two curved mirrors to make an image. The big primary mirror gathers and concentrates light. The small secondary mirror then reflects the light through the back of the mirror. The secondary mirror is also curved so that it the light path is longer than the tube.

A "true Cassegrain" uses a primary mirror with a parabola-shaped curve, and a secondary mirror with a hyperbola-shaped curve. This is hard to make. Sphere-shaped curves are easier to make, but the image would be blurry. Catadioptric (lens and mirror) telescopes fix this by putting a special lens in front of the telescope.

Cassegrains are useful both as amateur telescopes which normal people can buy, and for scientists for serious astronomy work.

Lots of telescopes which are similar to cassegrains have been invented. Here are a few.


Horace Clarke

Horace Meredith Clarke (June 2, 1938 – August 5, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player. He played for the New York Yankees and the San Diego Padres from 1965 to 1974. Clarke was born in Frederiksted, U.S. Virgin Islands.

Clarke and Joe Mauer are the only hitters to break up three no-hit bids in the ninth inning.

Clarke died on August 5, 2020 in Laurel, Maryland from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 82.

Gregorian telescope

A Gregorian telescope was the first telescope to be designed that uses mirrors instead of lenses. It was invented by the English astronomer John Gregory. Even though it was designed in 1663, it wasn't the first reflecting telescope to be built. Newton's telescope, a different design, was built in 1668. The Gregorian telescope was first built in 1673 by Robert Hooke.

The telescope uses two curved mirrors. The large primary gathers light, and the small secondary reflects the light out the back of the primary mirror. Both mirrors are concave (bowl-shaped).

It is very similar to the Cassegrain telescope, which uses a large concave primary mirror and a small convex secondary mirror.

Herschelian telescope

A Herschelian telescope was invented in the 1780s by William Herschel. It is similar to a Newtonian telescope, except using only one mirror. 

In the 1780s, telescopes used metal mirrors which were not very reflective. Each mirror would absorb light and make the image dimmer. So Herschel invented a telescope with a tilted mirror that put the eyepiece in the front.

When mirrors became more reflective, Herschelian telescopes stopped being useful.

Hawa Abdi

Hawa Abdi Dhiblawe (May 17, 1947 – August 5, 2020) was a Somali human rights activist and medical doctor. She was the founder and chairperson of the Dr. Hawa Abdi Foundation (DHAF), a non-profit organization. Abdi was born in Mogadishu, Somalia. In 2009, she was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Abdi died on August 5, 2020, at her home in Mogadishu at the age of 73.

The Dr. Hawa Abdi Foundation (DHAF) was run by Abdi and her two physician daughters, CEO Deqo Adan (also known as Deqo Mohamed) and assistant Adan (also known as Amina Mohamed), who followed in their mother's footsteps as ob/gyn specialists As of 2012, the organization has a multinational staff of 102 workers, augmented by a 150-member team comprising volunteers, fishermen and farmers.

In 2014, Abdi received the Roosevelt Four Freedoms Award in Middelburg, the Netherlands.

Opéra Bastille

The Opéra Bastille (, "Bastille Opera House") is a modern opera house in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, France.

It was opened in 1989 as part of President François Mitterrand's "Grands Travaux".

It became the main facility of the Paris National Opera.

Shyamal Chakraborty

Shyamal Chakraborty (1944 – August 6, 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 2008 to 2014. He was the transport minister of West Bengal from 1982 to 1996. He was also a member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from 1981 to 1996.

Chakraborty died on August 6, 2020 at a hospital in Kolkata from cardiac arrest caused by COVID-19, aged 76. 

Werner Düggelin

Werner Düggelin (7 December 1929 – 6 August 2020) was a Swiss theatre director. He was born in Zurich and grew up in Siebnen, Switzerland. In 1987, he won the Hans-Reinhart-Ring.

Düggelin was known for her stage directions relating to "The Importance of Being Earnest", "Dom Juan", "The Just Assassins", "The Lesson" and "Le Bourgeois gentilhomme".

Düggelin died on 6 August 2020 in Basel, aged 90.

Mukund Lath

Mukund Lath (9 October 1937 – 6 August 2020) was an Indian scholar and cultural historian. He was known for his writings on music, dance, aesthetics and culture of India. He was honored by the Government of India, in 2010, with the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri. Lath was born in Kolkata.

Lath died on 6 August 2020 in Jaipur at the age of 82.

Run-DMC

Run-DMC (also spelled Run-D.M.C.) was an American hip hop group based in Queens, New York. The group was founded in 1983 by Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and Jason Mizell. 

Run-DMC is thought to be one of the most important acts in the history of hip hop culture. The group was one of the most famous hip hop acts of the 1980s. 

Along with LL Cool J and Public Enemy, the group pioneered new school hip hop music. 

The group was among the first to highlight the importance of the MC and DJ relationship.

The group ended when Mizell was killed in 2002.

The group achieved a number of "notable firsts" in hip hop music history. They are credited with being the act most responsible for pushing hip hop into mainstream popular music, initiating its musical and artistic evolution and enabling its growth as a global phenomenon. Run-DMC is the first rap act to have reached a number of major accomplishments:


Run-D.M.C. released 7 studio albums:

Joseph Simmons

Joseph Ward Simmons (born November 14, 1964), better known by the stage name Run, Rev. Run or DJ Run, is an American rapper, producer, DJ and TV personality. Simmons is one of the founding members of the influential hip hop group Run–D.M.C.

Darryl McDaniels

Darryl Matthews McDaniels (born May 31, 1964), better known by his stage name DMC, is an American rapper. He was a member of the hip hop group Run–D.M.C.

Solo albums

Jam Master Jay

Jason William Mizell (January 21, 1965 – October 30, 2002), better known by his stage name Jam Master Jay, was an American musician and DJ. He was the DJ of the influential hip hop group Run-D.M.C. 

During the 1980s, Run-D.M.C. became one of the biggest hip hop groups.

On October 30, 2002, Mizell was shot in the head in his studio in Queens in Jamaica, Queens, New York City. He was pronounced dead at the scene. His friend, 25-year-old Urieco Rincon, was shot in the ankle but he survived. 

It's Tricky

"It's Tricky" is the fourth and final single released from Run-DMC's third album, "Raising Hell". It was released early in 1987 through Profile Records and was co-produced by Rick Rubin and the group themselves. 

The song peaked at No. 57 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 21 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.

Carmine Benincasa

Carmine Benincasa (17 December 1947 – 3 August 2020) was an Italian art critic, philosopher and editor. He was an art historian professor. Benincasa was born in Eboli, Italy. 

He was a professor of art history at the Accademia di Belle Arti di Macerata, the Academy of Fine Arts in Florence and Professor of History of Art at the Faculty of Architecture of the University La Sapienza in Rome. 

From 1978 to 1982 he was a member of the Venice Biennale Visual Arts Committee.

Benincasa died on 3 August 2020 at the age of 72.

Pierre Viot

Pierre Viot (9 April 1925 – 6 August 2020) was a French executive. He was a Senior Advisor on the French Court of Audit. He was born in Bordeaux, France. Viot headed the Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée from 1973 to 1984.

Viot was President of the Paris Opera between 1985 to 1987. Between 1985 to 1990, he was President of the Opéra Bastille. Between 1984 to 2000, he was President of the Cannes Film Festival.

Viot died on 6 August 2020 at the age of 95.

Bernard Stiegler

Bernard Stiegler (; 1 April 1952 – 6 August 2020) was a French philosopher. He was head of the Institut de recherche et d'innovation (IRI), which he founded in 2006 at the Centre Georges-Pompidou. His best known work was "Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus" and "Echographies of Television". He was born in Seine-et-Oise, France.

Stiegler died on 6 August 2020 in Paris at the age of 68.

Cilia Flores

Cilia Adela Gavidia Flores de Maduro (born 15 October 1956) is a Venezuelan lawyer and politician. She is married to the President of Venezuela Nicolás Maduro. In 2013, she became the First Lady. In 2015, she became a deputy in the National Assembly of Venezuela. She was president from 2006 to 2011, for her home state of Cojedes.

Fabiana Rosales

Fabiana Andreina Rosales Guerrero (born 22 April 1992), also known as Fabiana Rosales de Guaidó, is a Venezuelan journalist and social media human rights activist. 

She is married to Juan Guaidó, president of the National Assembly. She is considered by the White House and the National Assembly of Venezuela as the first lady of Venezuela.

Magdi Yacoub

Sir Magdi Habib Yacoub ( ) (born 16 November 1935), is an Egyptian-British surgeon and cardiologist. He was a professor of cardiothoracic surgery at Imperial College London.

Yacoub is best known for his early work in repairing heart valves and for helping create the Ross procedure. He performed the UK's first combined heart and lung transplant in 1983.

From 1986 to 2006, he held the position of British Heart Foundation Professor of Cardiothoracic Surgery at the National Heart and Lung Institute, Imperial College Faculty of Medicine. 

He is the founding editor of the journal "Disease Models & Mechanisms". He was born in Bilbeis, El Sharqia, Egypt.

Freya Pausewang

Freya Pausewang (20 August 1932 – 6 July 2020) was a German author and sociology educator. She was a younger sister of Gudrun Pausewang. She was born in Mladkov, Czech Republic.

Pausewang was known for her works in "Ziele suchen" (1994), "Dem Spielen Raum geben" (1997), "Ins Leben begleiten" (2009), "Macht mich stark für meine Zukunft!" (2012), "Zukunftsorientierte Pädagogik" (2016), "Sozialkompetenz. Themenkarten für Teamarbeit, Elternarbeit, Seminare" (2017) and "Pädagogik auf dem Weg in die Zukunft" (2018).

Pausewang died on 6 July 2020 at the age of 87.

Wayne Fontana

Wayne Fontana (born Glyn Geoffrey Ellis, 28 October 1945 – 6 August 2020) was an English rock and pop singer. He was best known for the 1965 hit "Game of Love" with the Mindbenders. Fontana was born in Manchester.

Fontana died on 6 August 2020 from cancer in Stockport, Greater Manchester at the age of 74.

Cameo Kirby (1930 movie)

Cameo Kirby is a 1930 American drama movie directed by Irving Cummings and based on the 1909 play of the same name by Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson. It stars J. Harold Murray, Norma Terris, Douglas Gilmore, Robert Edeson, Myrna Loy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is a lost movie.

Gokulathil Seethai (2019 TV series)

Gokulathil Seethai () () is a 2019 Indian Tamil-language romance and family drama starring Nanda Gopal and Asha Gowda in the lead roles with actress Nalini, Gayathri and Dhakshayini plays a important role, while Madhumitha, Fouzil Hidhayah, Vaishali Thaniga and Vinitha Jaganathan plays female supporting role and It was premiered on 4 November 2019. This series is an official remake of the Zee Telugu series "Maate Manthramu".

This series started from 4 November 2019 on Everyday at 8.00PM (IST) time slot. The story is about Vasundhra (Vasu) - a young woman belonging to a middle-class family, tries to change the arrogant and rich Arjun into a responsible person.

Vasundhara "Vasu" (Asha Gowda), a young and middle class girl works as secretary to Suchithra's son Arjun (Nanda), who is very rich man and playboy. Vasu hates Arjun's attitude and behaviour but later Vasu knows that she is the one who helped Arjun from accident in childhood and also she was the Sweet-hearted friend of Arjun, whom he searching was.



The series was released on 4 november 2019 on Zee Tamil. The show was also broadcast internationally on the network's international channels.


Zee Tamil

Zee Tamil is an Indian pay television Tamil language channel. It is owned by Zee Entertainment Enterprises. The channel started broadcasting on 2008 and is available internationally.



The channel available across India and other countries through satellite and cable. It also available through digital and mobile entertainment platform, ZEE5.

Steptoe and Son

Steptoe and Son is a British comedy series that was first aired on UK TV between 1962 and 1965 and then again between 1970 and 1974. There are 57 episodes. It was made into 8 series or seasons. The programme is about the intergenerational relationship between a rag and bone man and his son.

The father, set in his grimy ways, and often described by his son as a 'dirty old man', is the opposite in character to his son, who is aspirational but pretentious. Harold, played by Harry H Corbett, the younger man of the two, has ideas of bettering himself but his dreams are often ridiculed or dashed by his dependent father, Albert, played by Wilfrid Brambell.

The show has its roots in a 1962 episode of Galton and Simpson's "Comedy Playhouse". Ray Galton and Alan Simpson went on to write all episodes of the series and two movies based on the series, "Stepson and Son" (1972) and its sequel "Steptoe and Son Rides Again" (1973).

Olivia Santana

Maria Olivia Santana (born 25 March 1967) is a Brazilian activist. She is the founder of the Black Union For Equality (UNEGRO).

She was born in Salvador, Bahia. At the age of 14, she started to work as a cleaner in a private school. She studied at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA). 

She was a city councilor in Salvador, Bahia. In 2012, she was a candidate for vice mayor of Salvador. She supported extending childcare.

Since 2019, she has been a member of the Bahia Legislative Assembly for the Communist Party of Brazil.

Kyōhei Tsutsumi

Kyōhei Tsutsumi (筒美京平) (May 28, 1940 – October 7, 2020) was a well-known songwriter and pianist in Japan. He was born on May 28, 1940 in Tokyo. He made many hits such as "Blue Light Yokohama" (ブルー・ライト・ヨコハマ), "Mata Au Hi Made" (また逢う日まで), "Watashi no Kare wa Hidari-kiki" (わたしの彼は左きき), Sentimental (センチメンタル) and so on. He was awarded for his works by an official renowned medal "紫綬褒章" from Japanese government in 2003. The number of works he wrote are more than 3,000, and he has sold over 74 million copies in total. 

Tsutsumi died of pneumonia on October 7, 2020 at the age of 80.

His major hit songs were as follows.
<br>



The Swarm (movie)

The Swarm is a 1978 American science fiction horror movie directed by Irwin Allen and stars Michael Caine, Katharine Ross, Richard Widmark, Richard Chamberlain, Olivia de Havilland, Ben Johnson, Lee Grant, José Ferrer, Patty Duke, Slim Pickens, Bradford Dillman, Fred MacMurray, Henry Fonda. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Maximus Inc.

Maximus Inc., trademarked as MAXIMUS, is an American outsourcing company. It gives services about processing business. These services are for government health and human services agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, and the United Kingdom. Maximus focuses on government programs, such as Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), health care reform, welfare-to-work, Medicare, child support, and other government programs. The company is in Reston, Virginia. It has more than 34,000 employees. It has a reported yearly revenue of $2.39 billion in fiscal year 2018.


Sternenberg (movie)

Sternenberg is a 2004 Swiss comedy movie directed by Christoph Schaub. It stars Mathias Gnädinger, Walo Lüönd and Stephanie Glaser.

Camarines Norte

Camarines Norte (; ) is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bicol region in Luzon. The capital is Daet.

Saint-Nic

Saint-Nic () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pabu

Saint-Pabu () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pol-de-Léon

Saint-Pol-de-Léon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Renan

Saint-Renan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Rivoal

Saint-Rivoal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Sauveur, Finistère

Saint-Sauveur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ségal

Saint-Ségal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Servais, Finistère

Saint-Servais () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thois

Saint-Thois () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thonan

Saint-Thonan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thurien, Finistère

Saint-Thurien () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Urbain, Finistère

Saint-Urbain () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Vougay

Saint-Vougay () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Yvi

Saint-Yvi () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Santec

Santec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Scaër

Scaër () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Scrignac

Scrignac () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Shooting of Leonard Deadwyler

Leonard Deadwyler (February 19, 1941 – May 7, 1966) was an African-American man who was shot and killed by LAPD officer Jerold M. Bova after allegedly speeding and running red lights while driving his wife, who was in labor, to the hospital. His wife later sued Los Angeles for wrongful death, and was represented by Johnnie Cochran, but lost the case. However, Deadwyler's death inspired the building of Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Hospital in South Central.

Deadwyler was born on February 19, 1941 in Gainesville, Georgia. He was the oldest of three children. He met his wife Barbara (nee, Buffington) in Kindergarten and they married in 1960. Shortly after, they moved to Kansas then Chattanooga, Tennessee and finally, Los Angeles. The Deadwylers had two children together. At the time of his death, Barbara Deadwyler was pregnant with their youngest son, Michael.

Barbara Deadwyler, Leonard's wife was 8 months pregnant and began experiencing what she believed to be labor pains. Deadwyler tied a white handkerchief to the car's antenna, to signify an emergency, a common sign in Georgia, where the couple had moved from a year earlier. While driving, Deadwyler ran through several red lights while speeding, causing a police chase that began at 108th St. and Avalon Blvd., which he mistook as a police escort. Bova eventually pulled the car over at 60th St. and Avalon, where he approached Deadwyler with his gun drawn and leaned into the car. Bova testified that the car lurched forward, causing his gun to go off and shoot Deadwyler at point blank range. Deadwyler's wife stated that no such movement had taken place and that Bova "shot him for no reason."

During testimony, the State proffered that Deadwyler had a .35 blood-alcohol level and was drunk. His widow refuted this, as he had not been drinking and an alcohol level that high would make it very difficult for an individual to function and drive safely at a high speed. Bova testified that the car had lurched forward while the defense argued that it would be near impossible as the car had been parked behind another vehicle.

On May 31st, 1966 a coroner's jury ruled Deadwyler's death an accidental homicide, with one juror calling it an "excusable homicide." The jury, who deliberated for two hours and thirty-five minutes consisted of eight men and one female. Only one member of the jury was black.

At the time, it was the longest inquest over the death of a single individual in the Los Angeles County Coroner's office lasting eight days with testimony from 49 witnesses and 87 exhibits and the first televised inquest in California.

Neethane Enthan Ponvasantham

Neethane Enthan Ponvasantham () is a 2020 Indian Tamil-language love and romance drama on Zee Tamil and it stars Jai Akash and Dharshana Ashokan are the main leads with Sonia, Sairam, Sathyapriya, Nivashini Divya and David Soloman plays supporting roles. This series is an official remake of the Marathi show, "Tula Pahate Re".

This series started from 24 February 2020 on Everyday at 7:30PM (IST) time slot. The story is mainly about the love and relationship of Suryapraksh (Surya) and Anu.

A 40-year-old business tycoon, Suryaprakash "Surya" (Jai Akash) falls in love with a 20-year-old middle-class woman, Anu (Dharshana). Anu's life changes after she enters Surya's life.



Jai Akash and debutante Dharshana, a doctor, play the lead roles in the television series. The series marks the television debut for Akash and Dharshana. Akash, who is busy shooting for films, has allotted 15 days every month for the series.

The series was released on 4 November 2019 on Zee Tamil. The show was also broadcast internationally on the network's international channels.


Shooting of William Leonard

William Anthony Leonard (1949-March 9, 1968) was a 19 year old African-American teenager who was shot and killed by an LAPD officer Larry N. Fultz.

Leonard had been babysitting for Augustus and Barbara Mallard at 557 W. Imperial Hwy., to earn extra money. Police showed up at the home in response to a call that August Mallard had been threatening to kill his wife Barbara. Upon arrival, officers found August Mallard waving a pistol, Fultz approached a back window to question Barbara Mallard when he saw Leonard opening a window in the bathroom of the home. Lutz shot and killed Leonard, who had his arms raised and was facing away from the window.

Following his death in 1968, Jeff and Josephine Leonard filed a lawsuit for $1,000,000 (). Los Angeles City Council recommended it be denied, but voted unanimously to award a $25,000 () settlement 4 years later in 1972. It was the first settlement for police misconduct in Los Angeles' history.

Harry Adams (photographer)

Harry Holden Adams (1918-1985) was an African-American photographer who worked for the California Eagle and Los Angeles Sentinel.

Adams was born in Arkansas to Hunter Adams and Robbie Lee Evans Adams. The Adams family moved to Santa Ana, California where they eventually helped establish Johnson Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Adams attended Santa Ana College where he studied music and political science. He worked as a janitor for Santa Ana Recreation and Park Department while attending Whittier College until he was drafted into the Army, serving as a military police officer and eventually sergeant until his discharge from Camp Harahan in 1946. He then moved to Los Angeles, where he graduated from Moler Barber College and became a security guard for the Los Angeles County Sheriff Department. Four years later, in 1950, he attended the California School of Photography and Graphic Design and the Fred Archer School of Photography where he earned the nickname "One Shot Harry" for his quick work.

He later resigned from the Sheriff's Department to open a barbershop and studio at 4223 Avalon Blvd., which he would move to 4300 South Central in 1971.

Adams married Marjorie Harris Adams in 1939 and had two children, a son, born that same year and a daughter, born in 1941. Adams and Harris divorced and he remarried Lorraine Proctor in 1956. Adams died from a heart attack in 1985.

Adams' work was known for being "worklike and of-the-moment" but not dramatic or provocative. The Los Angeles Times said that "His photographs captured everyday life in the city’s African American community. His work also includes images of dignitaries such as Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X, a young Tom Bradley, former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and many others."

Photographic collections of Adams' work are held at Yale University and California State University, Northridge.


Litoria pallidofemora

Litoria pallidofemora is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists disagree about whether this frog is really in the genus "Nyctimystes" or the genus "Litoria".

This frog has green coloring on the inside of its mouth. Scientists say it is related to the northern New Guinea tree frog, "Litoria graminea".

Dolma

Dolma meaning "filling" in Turkish or Dolmades in Greek, is the name for a number of dishes which are common in eastern Mediterranean and Caucasian cuisines. Usually, a kind of vegetable is filled with rice and chopped or ground meat. Instead of a vegetable, vine leaves are sometimes used.

In 2017, dolma making in Azerbaijan was included in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage Lists. The tradition is present throughout the Republic of Azerbaijan, and is perceived as a central culinary practice in all of its regions.

Spiraea

Spiraea is a genus of plants in the Rosaceae family. They are often grown for their beauty. There are about 80 to 100 species. One species of Spiraea, Spiraea betulifolia, was eaten by Native Americans.

De Havilland Mosquito

The De Havilland Mosquito is a British aircraft from the World War II. The Mosquito was a successful design. Originally intended to be a bomber, the type was very fast, could fly a long way and carry heavy loads. Therefore, it was and it was adapted to a number of other roles such as fighter, night fighter, night intruder, attack, reconnaissance and pathfinder.

Kohala

Kohala is an extinct shield volcano in Hawaii. It is the oldest of five volcanoes on the Big Island, forming its northwestern part.

Around a million years ago, Kohala started erupting. Its last eruption was 120,000 years ago, meaning it's likely extinct. The other volcanoes on the Big Island are either active or dormant. 250,000 to 300,000 years ago, a massive landslide destroyed much of the mountain.

Kamehameha I, the first ruler of the Kingdom of Hawaii, was born near Kohala in 1758.


Öxeryd

Öxeryd is a locality in Lerum Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 491 people lived there.

Nolvik

Nolvik is a locality in Göteborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,025 people lived there.

Sibiril

Sibiril () is a commune. It is found in the region of Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Sizun

Sizun () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Spézet

Spézet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Taulé

Taulé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Telgruc-sur-Mer

Telgruc-sur-Mer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tourch

Tourch () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trébabu

Trébabu () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Treffiagat

Treffiagat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréflaouénan

Tréflaouénan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréflévénez

Tréflévénez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréflez

Tréflez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trégarantec

Trégarantec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trégarvan

Trégarvan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gratiot County, Michigan

Gratiot County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 41,761 people live here. The county seat is Ithaca.

Katsunari Miyai

He was from Suginami, Tokyo. He studied at Waseda Jitsugyo and Chuo University. He played in the Japanese High School Baseball Invitational Tournament in 1941. He was an outfielder for the Chuo University Baseball Team.

In 1954, he became the baseball coach of his alma mater Waseda Jitsugyo. He became the manager in 1955. In 1957, the team won the 29th Japanese High School Baseball Invitational Tournament. From 1959 to 1993, he was the manager of the Chuo University Baseball Team. The team won one Meiji Jingu Baseball Tournament in 1974 and three Japan National Collegiate Baseball Championships in 1972, 1973, and 1979. They also won eight Tohto University Baseball League championships. He was the team's general manager from 1994 until his death.

He died in Mitaka, Tokyo of lung cancer on 7 August 2020, aged 94.

His daughter married baseball player Toshimitsu Suetsugu.

Urtica

Urtica is a genus of plants commonly known as the nettles. They can produce an itching sensation when they touch skin. The most well-known species is "Urtica dioica", the common stinging nettle.

Call Her Savage

Call Her Savage is a 1932 American drama movie directed by John Francis Dillon and based on the novel of the same name by Tiffany Thayer. It stars Clara Bow, Gilbert Roland, Thelma Todd, Monroe Owsley, Estelle Taylor, Weldon Heyburn and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Tess of the Storm Country (1932 movie)

Tess of the Storm Country is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Alfred Santell and based on the novel of the same name by Grace Miller White. It stars Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, Dudley Digges, June Clyde, Claude Gillingwater, Sarah Padden, Edward Pawley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Return of the Living Dead

The Return of the Living Dead is a 1985 American zombie comedy movie directed by Dan O'Bannon and starring Clu Gulager, James Karen, Thom Matthews, Don Calfa. It is set as a sequel to the 1968 movie "Night of the Living Dead" and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It was nominated for four Saturn Awards in 1986.


Sembaruthi

Sembaruthi () () is a popular Indian Tamil-language romance and family drama on Zee Tamil starring Karthik Raj and Shabana Shajahan, both of them became a popular pair on television with Priya Raman in the lead roles. Later VJ Agni replaced Karthik Raj as the male lead. While VJ Kathir, Sanjay Kumar Asrani, Lakshmi, Dheepthi Kapil and VJ Mounika playing in supporting roles. It is currently airing every day.

This series started from 16 October 2017 on Everyday at 9.00PM (IST) time slot. The story is about a maid Parvathi marries a rich man Aadhitya against his mother Akhilandeshwari.

The story about a rich, strong-willed and stubborn woman, Akhilandeshwari and her elder son Aadhitya's intense love story with Parvathi, a servant working as a cook and how issues spiral out of control to affect their relationship. And also his brother Arun and his wife Aishwarya supports them. Their marriage would be the plot of the story and how the pair faces various turmoils occurring in the form of Vanaja and her cronies forms the rest of the story.




On August 2019, Zee Tamil held a grand event to celebrate the success of Sembaruthi.

The show is remade into Malayalam under the title "Chembarathi (TV series)" which is being aired on Zee Keralam and also as "Paaru" on Zee Kannada. 

The Series was released on 16 October 2017 on Zee Tamil and from 16 October 2017 on Zee Tamil HD. The Show was also broadcast internationally on Channel's international distribution.


Sternenberg

Sternenberg can mean:

Wald

Wald is the name of several places:




Corbières

Corbières is the name of three places in Europe:




Tréglonou

Tréglonou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trégourez

Trégourez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréguennec

Tréguennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trégunc

Trégunc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. In 2017, 7,041 people lived there.

Calicut International Airport

Calicut International Airport is an international airport located in Karipur, Malappuram district of Kerala, India. The airport opened on 13 April 1988. 

The airport is an operating base for Air India Express and operates Hajj Pilgrimage services to Medina and Jeddah from Kerala. 

It was the eleventh-busiest airport in India in terms of overall passenger traffic. It is the second-busiest airport in Kerala after Kochi

Le Tréhou

Le Tréhou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Trémaouézan

Trémaouézan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréméoc

Tréméoc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Air India Express Flight 1344

Air India Express Flight 1344 was a scheduled flight from Dubai, United Arab Emirates to Kozhikode in Kerala, India. On 7 August 2020, the Boeing 737-800 skidded off the end of the runway into a gorge, where it broke into two pieces.

Of the 191 people on board - including both pilots - were killed in the crash. 

Tréméven, Finistère

Tréméven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Love Comes Quietly

Love Comes Quietly is a 1973 Dutch Belgian Luxembourgian drama movie directed by Nikolai van der Heyde and starring Barbara Hershey, Ralph Meeker, Ward de Ravet, Sandy van der Linden.

Tréogat

Tréogat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tréouergat

Tréouergat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Trévoux

Le Trévoux () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ralph Klassen

Ralph Leo Klassen (September 15, 1955 – August 3, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 497 games in the National Hockey League. 

In Klassen's ten-year career, he played for the California Golden Seals, Cleveland Barons, Colorado Rockies, and St. Louis Blues. He was born in Humboldt, Saskatchewan.

Klassen died on August 3, 2020 at the age of 64.

Lindsay Brown (accountant)

Lindsay John Brown ( – 6 August 2020) was a New Zealand accountant. He was chancellor of the University of Otago from 2004 to 2008. 

Brown died in Dunedin, New Zealand on 6 August 2020, aged 76.

Trézilidé

Trézilidé () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. In 2017, 382 people lived there.

Muslim Evloev

Muslim Evloev (11 June 1995 – 6 August 2020) was a Russian-Kyrgyzstani freestyle wrestler. He won a gold medal in his event at the Asian Wrestling Championships and at the Islamic Solidarity Games. Evloev was born in Malgobek, Russia. 

He was killed in August 2020 during a shoot out in a counter-terrorism operation in Nazran, Russia at the age of 25.

Gunther Kaschlun

Gunther Kaschlun (9 February 1935 – 7 August 2020) was a West German rower. He represented the United Team of Germany. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne with the men's coxless four where they were eliminated in the semi-final.

He died in August 2020 at the age of 85.

Poligny, Aube

Poligny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Polisot

Polisot is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Polisy

Polisy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pont-Sainte-Marie

Pont-Sainte-Marie is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Nikolai van der Heyde

Nikolai van der Heyde (23 January 1936 – 6 August 2020) was a Dutch movie director and screenwriter. He directed seven movies between 1966 and 1987. He was born in Leeuwarden, Netherlands.

His 1968 movie "To Grab the Ring" was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival. Five years later, his movie "Love Comes Quietly" was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.

Heyde died on 6 August 2020 in Laren, Netherlands at the age of 84.

Pont-sur-Seine

Pont-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pouan-les-Vallées

Pouan-les-Vallées is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Nandi Yellaiah

Nandi Yellaiah (1 July 1942 – 8 August 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress party. From 2014 to 2019, he was member of Parliament of India from Nagarkurnool in the Lok Sabha. He was born in Hyderabad, India.

Yellaiah died on 8 August 2020 at a Hyderabad hospital from COVID-19, aged 78.

Pougy

Pougy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Pouy-sur-Vannes

Pouy-sur-Vannes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Praslin, Aube

Praslin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Michael Ojo

Michael Olalekan Ojo (January 5, 1993 – August 7, 2020) was a Nigerian-American professional basketball player. At tall and , he was one of the tallest and heaviest players ever to play in Serbia and Europe. 

After competing in college basketball for Florida State, he played professionally for three seasons with Serbian clubs FMP and Crvena zvezda. He was born in Lagos, Nigeria.

Ojo died of a heart attack while training in Belgrade, Serbia at age of 27.

Précy-Notre-Dame

Précy-Notre-Dame is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Judit Reigl

Judit Reigl (born Judit Némedy; 1 May 1923 – 7 August 2020) was a Hungarian painter. Her career was based in Paris. Her works are primarily found in the collections of French museums, including the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, Musée National d'Art Moderne and Musée de Grenoble.

Reigl died on 7 August 2020 at the age of 97.

Adin Steinsaltz

Rabbi Adin Even-Israel Steinsaltz (11 July 1937 – 7 August 2020) was an Israeli Chabad Chasidic rabbi, teacher, philosopher, social critic, and publisher. He was born in Jerusalem.

His of the Talmud was originally published in modern Hebrew and was translated into English, French, Russian, and Spanish. 

Beginning in 1989, Steinsaltz published several writings in Hebrew and English of the Babylonian (Bavli) Talmud in an English-Hebrew edition. and has since been brought to completion.

Steinsaltz was honored with the Israel Prize for Jewish Studies (1988), the President's Medal (2012), and the Yakir Yerushalayim prize (2017).

Steinsaltz died in Jerusalem on August 7, 2020, from acute pneumonia at the age of 83.

Précy-Saint-Martin

Précy-Saint-Martin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Prémierfait

Prémierfait is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Proverville

Proverville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Gennadi Touretski

Gennadi Gennadiyevich Touretski (, 17 July 1949 – 7 August 2020) was a Russian swimming coach. He was best known for training multiple Olympic gold medalists Alexander Popov and Michael Klim through the 1990s to early 2000s at the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS).

In 2011 he trained Ian Thorpe in Switzerland.

Prugny

Prugny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Prunay-Belleville

Prunay-Belleville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

In Between (2016 movie)

In Between (, translit. Bar Bahar; ) is a 2016 Israeli French drama movie directed by Maysaloun Hamoud and starring Mouna Hawa, Shaden Kanboura, Sana Jammelieh. It was distributed by Alma Cinema.

Kuranosuke Hamaguchi

Kuranosuke Hamaguchi (born: 浜口庫之助 on July 22, 1917 in Kobe, Japan - died: December 2, 1990 ) was a Japanese songwriter and jazz musician. His songs were a mixture of Japanese lyrics and American popular melody. In this way, he became popular in song making. It is said that he made around 4,000 songs during his lifetime.

In 1942, he went to Indonesia to pursue his career in singing. He returned to Japan in 1946. There, he joined a jazz band and played music among allied-occupied forces for their entertainment. He quit the jazz band in 1957 and started to write songs for popular singers. His first hit was "黄色いさくらんぼ" in 1959. It was followed by another big hit called "バラが咲いた" in 1966. 

He died at the age of 73 on December 2, 1990.

Some of his major hits include: 


Reserve power

A reserve power is power given to head of state or monarch in a parliamentary system which enables him fulfills his duties of office.

Jeju

Jeju may refer to:

Brum (TV series)

"Brum, also known as The Adventures of Brum, is a" British television series. It is made for viewers aged 3 to 9 years old. Each episode runs for about 10 minutes. There were 66 episodes were produced. 

The show is set in Birmingham, England and produced by Ragdoll Productions. It was first broadcast in 1991 up until 2002.

Cannibal Holocaust

Cannibal Holocaust is a 1980 Italian-Colombian adventure horror movie directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring Robert Kerman, Gabriel Yorke, Luca Barbareschi, Paolo Paoloni, Francesca Ciardi, Perry Pirkanen. It was distributed by United Artists.

"Cannibal Holocaust" is thought to be one of the most controversial and brutal in the history of cinema, because of the extreme violence and the actual killings of animals in the movie. It has been banned or censored in many countries.


Navan

Navan () is the county town of County Meath in Ireland.

Carrick-on-Shannon

Carrick-on-Shannon () is the county town of County Leitrim in Ireland. It is the largest town in the County Leitrim whilst it is the smallest county town in the entire country. According to the 2016 census, there are people 4,062 living there. It is strategically located in the crossing point of the River Shannon. 

Castlebar

Castlebar () is the county town of County Mayo in Ireland.

Cavan

Cavan () is the county town of County Cavan in Ireland.

Clonmel

Clonmel () is the county town of County Tipperary in Ireland.

Five Megillot

Five Megillot are five books found in the Hebrew Bible (also called Tanakh) under Ketuvim, which are read out during Holy Days of Judaism. They are:
Song of Songs used during Passover,
Ruth used on Shavuot,
Lamentations used on the 9th of Av,
Ecclesiastes used during Sukkot,
Esther for the holiday of Purim.

Turkish Delight (movie)

Turkish Delight () is a 1973 Dutch romantic drama movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and is based on the 1969 novel "Turks fruit" by Jan Wolkers. It stars Rutger Hauer in his movie debut, Monique van de Ven and was nominated for 1 Oscar in 1974.


Tomka and His Friends

Tomka and His Friends () is a 1977 Albanian World War II drama movie directed by Xhanfise Keko and stars Enea Zheku, Zehrudin Dokle, Genc Mosho, Sotiraq Cili.

The Return of the Dead Army

The Return of the Dead Army () is a 1989 Albanian drama movie directed by Dhimitër Anagnosti and is based on the 1963 novel "The General of the Dead Army" by Ismail Kadare. It stars Kastriot Ahmetaj, Roza Anagnosti, Rajmonda Bulku, Vasillaq Godo, Bujar Lako, Gulielm Radoja, Liza Vorfi and Ndriçim Xhepa.

Bota (movie)

Bota is a 2014 Albanian Italian Kosovan drama movie directed by Iris Elezi and Thomas Logoreci. It stars Flonja Kodheli, Artur Gorishti, Fioralba Kryemadhi, Tinka Kurti, Luca Lionello and won the Fedeora Award at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 2014.

Tigerland

Tigerland is a 2000 American Vietnam War drama movie directed by Joel Schumacher and stars Colin Farrell, Matthew Davis, Clifton Collins Jr., Tom Guiry, Shea Whigham, Russell Richardson, Cole Hauser, Neil Brown Jr., Tory Kittles, Nick Searcy, Afemo Omilami, Matt Gerald, Michael Shannon, James Macdonald, Keith Ewell, Arian Ash and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


70th Anniversary Grand Prix

The 70th Anniversary Grand Prix is a Formula One motor race. It is scheduled to be held on August 9, 2020 at the Silverstone Circuit in Silverstone, United Kingdom after British Grand Prix.

Notes

Maria Rosaria Capobianchi

Maria Rosaria Capobianchi (born 30 July 1953 in Procida) is an Italian biologist. She is the laboratory director of virology at the National Institute for Infectious Diseases "Lazzaro Spallanzani" (INMI). In 2020, she isolated coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic.

She graduated from the Federico II University of Naples, and in Microbiology from the Sapienza University of Rome.
Her research focused on the mechanism of production and action of interferon, emerging viruses, persistent viral infections, and HIV infection. She was part of the World Health Organization Collaborating Center "Treatment, Diagnosis, Response and Training in Highly Infectious Diseases", established at INMI in 2009. She is a consultant of the National Transplant Center for viral infections in transplants.

In February 2020, her research group isolated SARS-CoV-2, with Francesca Colavita and Concetta Castilletti.

Dateline NBC

Dateline NBC is an American news magazine. It looks at true crime, though occasionally it looks at other topics. The program began on March 31, 1992 on NBC.

The show has been nominated for five Emmy Awards. 

"Dateline NBC" has also been the focus of some controversy. On November 17, 1992, the show aired an hour-long report titled "Waiting to Explode". That was about certain pickup trucks from General Motors, particularly Chevrolet, blowing up on impact in truck crashes due to poor design. This especially applied to pickups between 1973 and 1987.

Past correspondents and anchors are Maria Shriver, Ann Curry and Jane Pauley.

Rhamnaceae

The Rhamnaceae is a family of plants in the order Rosales, with around 55 genera and 950 species. Well-known plants in this family include "Ziziphus" and "Hovenia dulcis".

Underclass

The underclass is the segment of the population that occupies the lowest possible position in a class hierarchy, below the core body of the working class.

Whitney (TV series)

Whitney is an American sitcom that was on :NBC from 2011 to 2013.

Rhamnus

Rhamnus is a genus of plants in the Rhamnaceae family. They are commonly known as buckthorns. There are around 110 species, and their height can be anywhere from 1 to 15 meters. "Rhamnus" species are called buckthorns because they have spines on their twigs. One common species is "Rhamnus cathartica", the common buckthorn.

News magazine

A news magazine is a printed, published and typed magazine, radio or television program. It has articles about current events. News magazines discuss stories in greater depth than newspapers and newscasts.

Radio news magazines are similar to television news magazines. Unlike radio newscasts, radio news magazines often run between thirty minutes and several hours.

Mespilus

Mespilus is a genus of plants in the Rosaceae family. It contains two species, "Mespilus germanica" and "Mespilus canescens," though "M. canescens" is a hybrid between "M. germanica" and a "Crataegus" species, and is properly called "× Crataemespilus" "canescens". 

Bal Gangadhar Tilak

Bal Gangadhar Tilak (; ; born Keshav Gangadhar Tilak on 23 July 1856 – died 1 August 1920) was a leader of nationalism, teacher, and an Independence activist in British-ruled India. He was also conferred with the title of "Lokmanya", which means "accepted by the people (as their leader)". Mahatma Gandhi called him "The Maker of Modern India". 

A militant member of the 'extremist' wing within the Indian National Congress (and a member of the famous 'Lal, Pal and Bal' trio), he was twice imprisoned by the British for his nationalist activities. He helped to found the Home Rule League in 1914.

Si quaeris peninsulam amoenam circumspice

In Latin, Si quaeris peninsulam amoenam circumspice means "If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you". It is the state motto of Michigan.

Brum

Brum may refer to:

Excelsior!

Excelsior! is a Latin phrase that means "Ever upward". It is the state motto of New York.

Lake Nakki

Nakki Lake () is an important tourist attraction and a scared lake in the Republic of India. It is also the national lake of the nation. It is a Hill station, Mahatma Gandhi's ashes were immersed in this Holy Lake on 12 February 1948 and Gandhi Ghat was constructed.

Nakki Lake lies in the state of Rajasthan.

Cold Case (TV series)

Cold Case was an American television series on CBS from 2003 to 2010.

Without a Trace

Without a Trace is an American television series on CBS from 2002 to 2009.

Burn Notice

Burn Notice is an American television series created by Matt Nix, which originally aired on the USA Network from June 28, 2007, to September 12, 2013.

Binary neural network

Binary neural network is an artificial neural network, where commonly used floating-point weights are replaced with binary ones. 

It saves storage and computation, and serves as a technique for deep models on resource-limited devices. Using binary values can bring up to 58 times speedup. Accuracy and information capacity of binary neural network can be manually controlled. Binary neural networks do not achieve the same accuracy as their full-precision counterparts, but improvements are being made to close this gap.

It has been argued theoretically that quantum computers could train binary neural nets to their global optimum via quantum search techniques in shorter time than brute force classical optimisation.

Kainar Academy

Kainar Academy () is a private university in Almaty, Kazakhstan. The university was founded in 1991 as Kainar University (). In 2014, Kainar changed its name to Kainar Academy. It is accredited by the Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

In 1999, Kainar College was created by the university.

The Academy offers Bachelors and Masters degrees. Kainar College offers studies in Jurisprudence, Accounting and Auditing, Primary education, and Computer Engineering. Masters degrees are offered in business, pedagogy , social sciences, journalism, and information studies. 




Ksingmul people

The Ksingmul (also known as Xinh Mun, Con Pua, Puộc, and Pụa) are an ethnic group that live in Vietnam and Laos.

The Ksingmul of Vietnam live in the provinces of Sơn La and Điện Biên.

The Ksingmul of Laos live in the Houaphanh Province.

The Ksingmul speak the Ksingmul language.

The Ksingmul festivals are Muong A Ma, Ksaisatip, and Mạ Ma.

The Ksingmul practice slash and burn agriculture. That means they set some vegetation on fire to clear the land and then farm it.

When someone dies, they shoot guns to let others know.

Lenticel

A lenticel is porous tissue in the bark of trees. Its cells make large intercellular spaces in the periderm of the bark. They are found in the woody stems and roots of dicotyledonous flowering plants. 

Lenticels are also found in other woody plants, starting in the Carboniferous period. The development and increase in these primitive lenticels gave a system for aeration and gas exchange in these plants.

Lenticels work as pores for the direct exchange of gases. Otherwise the bark is impermeable to gases. The name 'lenticel' comes from its lenticular (lens-like) shape. The shape of lenticels is one of the characteristics used for tree identification.

Stowaway (1936 movie)

Stowaway is a 1936 American musical movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Shirley Temple, Robert Young, Alice Faye, Helen Westley, Allan Lane, Astrid Allwyn, Eugene Pallette, Philip Ahn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Story of Louis Pasteur

The Story of Louis Pasteur is a 1936 American biographical drama movie directed by William Dieterle and starring Paul Muni, Josephine Hutchinson, Anita Louise, Donald Woods, Fritz Leiber, Henry O'Neill, Porter Hall. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1937.


Pedro Casaldáliga

Pedro Casaldáliga , born Pere Casaldàliga i Pla (16 February 1928 – 8 August 2020), was a Catalan-born Brazilian prelate of the Catholic Church.

He led the Territorial Prelature of São Félix, Brazil, from 1970 to 2005. In 1971, he became a bishop. He was a well known humanitarian and human rights activist.

Casaldáliga was one of the best known experts of liberation theology. He was born in Balsareny, Catalonia. 

On 4 August 2020, Casaldáliga was hospitalized in Batatais, Brazil for a respiratory infection caused by his Parkinson's disease. He died four days later on 8 August, aged 92.

Chica Xavier

Her best known movie roles were in "Sinhá Moça" (1986), "O Rei do Gado" (1996), "Força de um Desejo" (1999), "Esperança" (2002), "Um Só Coração" (2004) and "Duas Caras" (2007).

Xavier died of lung cancer on August 8, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 88.

Buruji Kashamu

Buruji Kashamu (19 May 1958 – 8 August 2020) was a Nigerian politician. He was a member of the People's Democratic Party. From 2015 to 2019, he was a member of the Nigerian Senate. He was born in Ogun State, Nigeria.

Kashamu died in Lagos on 8 August 2020 from COVID-19, aged 62.

Gabriel Ochoa Uribe

Gabriel Ochoa Uribe (November 20, 1929 – August 8, 2020) was a Colombian football player and manager. He won four league titles and the Copa Colombia with Millonarios. He managed the national team for a short time in 1985.

In 1979, he became manager of América de Cali, he led them to 7 league championships, they were runners-up in the Copa Libertadores three times consecutively (1985, 1986, 1987). He retired in 1991.

Ochoa Uribe died on August 8, 2020 in Cali, Colombia at the age of 90.

David Bishop (American politician)

David Tyre Bishop (March 9, 1929 – August 3, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. Bishop was born in Syracuse, New York. He was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1983 to 1992 and 1993 to 2002. He was a Republican.

Bishop died on August 3, 2020 in Rochester, Minnesota at the age of 91.

Millonarios F.C.

Millonarios Fútbol Club is a professional Colombian football team based in Bogotá. They currently play in the Categoría Primera A. They play their home games at the El Campín stadium.

The team was initially created in 1937.

Millonarios has won the Colombian league 16 times. They are also the third Colombian team to achieve a major international title, the Copa Merconorte in 2001. Since the beginning of the Colombian professional football league, Millonarios has won many domestic tournaments, the last one in 2023.

Millonarios is also one of only three teams that have played every first division tournament in the country, along with their traditional rivals Santa Fe and Atlético Nacional.

Wilbert McClure

Wilbert McClure (October 29, 1938 – August 6, 2020) was an American boxer. He was an amateur. He won gold medals in the light middleweight division at the 1959 Pan American Games and the 1960 Olympics. As a professional he competed from 1961 to 1970.

McClure was born in Toledo, Ohio. He died on August 6, 2020 at the age of 81. 

Louis Meznarie

Louis Meznarie (14 January 1930 – 6 August 2020) was a French engine expert. He was a team owner entrant to 24 Hours of Le Mans. He was born in Saintry-sur-Seine (Essonne), France. 

From 1959 to 1971 he was an official dealer of NSU for motorcycles and motorcars and engine preparation expert for French races. In 1968, he opened a large workshop in Le Plessis-Chenet (Le Coudray-Montceaux town) with the support of Shell Oil Company. 

From 1971 to 1983, he was the official engine preparation expert for Porsche, with many victories in 24 Hours of Le Mans, French Rally Championship and European Rally Championship. Notably in 1972, Assisted by Jürgen Barth, future winner in a Porsche 936 in 1977, by Sylvain Garant, then Mike Keizer. The 911 with a 2.5-liter engine, flanked by the No. 41 finished in 13th place in the general classification while winning its category.

At the Salon Moto Légende 2017, in Paris, Louis Meznarie, had sold these last motorcycles in number of 4 NSU by the Osenat auction house. In recent years, he traveled less and less but we always enjoyed finding him and exchanging many memories.

Meznarie died on 6 August 2020 at the age of 90.

Apisai Tora

Mohammad Apisai Vuniyayawa Tora (January 5, 1934 – August 6, 2020) was a Fijian politician, soldier, and trade unionist. He was a Senator from 2001 to 2006. He was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1972 as a member of the National Federation Party. In 1977 when he lost his seat.

On 27 September 2005, he was sentenced to eight months in jail for offenses related to the coup of 2000.

Tora died on August 6, 2020 at the age of 86.

Adam Comrie

Adam Comrie (July 31, 1990 – August 7, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. Comrie was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 3rd round (80th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He was born in Kanata, Ontario. His career lasted from 2010 to 2020. 

Comrie was killed in a motorcycle crash on August 7, 2020 near Virginia while visiting his mother in the United States, aged 30.  

Lorenzo Soria

Lorenzo Soria (27 November 1951 – 7 August 2020) was an Argentine-born Italian journalist and executive. He was President of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for three terms between 2003 to 2005, 2015 to 2017 and again from 2019 until his death. He worked as a journalist for "La Stampa" and "L'espresso". Soria was born in Buenos Aires.

Soria died on 7 August 2020 in Los Angeles from lung cancer, aged 68.

Jean Stewart

Jean Hurring (née Stewart, 23 December 1930 – 8 August 2020) was a New Zealand swimmer. She won a bronze medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Stewart was born in Dunedin, New Zealand.

Stewart died on 8 August 2020 in Auckland at the age of 89.

Mark Wirtz

Mark Philipp Wirtz (3 September 19437 August 2020) was a French pop music record producer, composer, singer, musician, author, and comedian. Wirtz was best known for the never-completed "A Teenage Opera" concept album. The first single from the planned album, "Excerpt from A Teenage Opera" by Keith West, was a number 2 hit on the UK Singles Chart in September 1967. He was born in Strasbourg, France.

Wirtz died of frontotemporal dementia on 7 August 2020, aged 76.

Stephen F. Williams

Stephen Fain Williams (September 23, 1936 – August 7, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit between 1986 until his death. He was nominated to the position by President Ronald Reagan. Williams was born in New York City.

Williams was hospitalized in Washington, D.C. in June 2020 with COVID-19. He died from the infection two months later on August 7, 2020 at the age of 83.

Uni

Uni or UNI may refer to:




Durham Castle

Durham Castle is a Norman castle in the city of Durham, England. It is the former residence of the Bishop of Durham. University College, Durham is there since 1837. 

Together with Durham Cathedral, the castle is a World Heritage Site in England since 1986. It is open to the general public to visit through guided tours.

The construction of the Castle began in 1072. It follows the usual Norman style. It was built by order of William the Conqueror about six years after the Norman conquest of England, and soon after the Normans first came to the North. The building took place under the supervision of Waltheof, Earl of Northumbria. Stone for the new buildings was cut from the cliffs below the walls and moved up using winches.

The Castle remained the bishop's palace for the Bishop of Durham until Auckland Castle became the bishops' residence in 1832. Durham Castle was donated to the University of Durham by Bishop William Van Mildert and later become the college. The college did not occupy the castle until 1837, renovations of the building was completed by the next Bishop, Edward Maltby.

The Norman Chapel is the oldest accessible part of the castle built in about 1078. Its architecture is Anglian in nature, possibly due to forced Anglian labour being used to build it. In the 15th century, its three windows were all but blocked up because of the expanded keep. It then fell into abandonment until 1841 when it was used as a corridor through which to access the keep. 

During the Second World War, it was used as a command and observation post for the Royal Air Force when its original use was recognised. 

The chapel was re-consecrated shortly after the war and is still used for weekly services by the college.

Tunstall's Chapel, named after Cuthbert Tunstall, was built in the 15th century and is used for worship within the college. It was modified in the 17th Century by Bishop Cosin. 


Studley Royal Park

Studley Royal Park (including the Ruins of Fountains Abbey) is a UNESCO-designated World Heritage Site in North Yorkshire, England. It has an area of 323 hectares (800 acres) and features an 18th-century landscaped garden, some of the largest Cistercian ruins in Europe, a Jacobean mansion, and a Victorian church designed by William Burges.

Fountains Abbey was founded in 1132 by Benedictine monks who left St Mary's Abbey, York to follow the Cistercian order. After the end of the monasteries in 1539 by Henry VIII, the Abbey buildings and over 500 acres (200 ha) of land were sold by the Crown to a merchant named Sir Richard Gresham. The property was passed down through several generations of Sir Gresham's family. Between 1598 and 1604, it was sold to Stephen Proctor, who built Fountains Hall. 

The hall is a Jacobean mansion, built partly with stone from the Abbey ruins. Fountains Abbey mill is the only 12th-century Cistercian cornmill left in the UK and the oldest 'intact' building on the estate.

From 1452 onwards, Studley Royal was inhabited by the Mallory family, most notably by MPs John Mallory and William Mallory. John Aislabie inherited the Studley estate from his elder brother in 1693. In 1966 the estate was bought by West Riding County Council and was taken over by the National Trust in 1983. 

Studley Royal House (or Hall) is in the north-west corner of the park. Originally a medieval manor house, it has a main block with forward projecting wings. It burned down in 1716 and was rebuilt by John Aislabie. The building was destroyed by fire in 1946. A large stable block, built between 1728 and 1732, survived and is now a private house ( 54° 7'30.55"N 1°34'34.82"W ).

In 1966, the estate was purchased by West Riding County Council and was acquired by the National Trust in 1983. The Abbey precinct is managed by English Heritage on behalf of the National Trust. 

In 1986 the entire Park was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. It is considered “a masterpiece of human creative genius", and" an outstanding example of a type of building or architectural or technological ensemble or landscape which illustrates significant stages in human history”.

Since 1994 the estate has been within the Nidderdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

Waltheof, Earl of Northumbria

Waltheof, Earl of Northumbria (died 31 May 1076) was the last Anglo-Saxon earl. He was the only English aristocrat to be executed during the reign of William I.

Waltheof was the second son of Siward, Earl of Northumbria. His mother was Aelfflaed, daughter of Ealdred, Earl of Bernicia, son of Uhtred, Earl of Northumbria. In 1054, Waltheof became the heir of his father's throne as his elder brother Osbearn was killed in battle. Siward died in 1055, and Waltheof being far too young to succeed as Earl of Northumbria, King Edward appointed Tostig Godwinson to the earldom.

When Sweyn II invaded Northern England in 1069, Waltheof and Edgar Aetheling joined the Danes and took part in the attack on York. He would again make a fresh submission to William after the departure of the invaders in 1070. He was restored to his earldom and went on to marry William's niece, Judith of Lens. In 1072, he was appointed Earl of Northampton.

Waltheof had many enemies in the north. Amongst them were members of a family who had killed Waltheof's maternal great-grandfather, Uchtred the Bold, and his grandfather Ealdred. This was part of a long-running blood feud. In 1074, Waltheof moved against the family by sending his retainers to ambush them and succeeded in killing the two eldest of four brothers in the family. 

In 1075 Waltheof joined the Revolt of the Earls against William I. His motives for taking part in the revolt are unclear, as is the depth of his involvement. However he repented, confessing his guilt first to Archbishop Lanfranc and then in person to William I, who was at the time in Normandy. He returned to England with William but was arrested, brought twice before the king's court and sentenced to death.

In 1092, after a fire in the chapter house, the abbot had Waltheof's body moved to a prominent place in the abbey church. When the coffin was opened, it is reported that the corpse was found to be intact with the severed head re-joined to the trunk. This was regarded as a miracle, and the abbey began to publicise it. As a result, pilgrims began to visit Waltheof's tomb. He was celebrated on 31 August.

Due to the beliefs in the miracle, Waltheof became the subject of popular media. His heroic yet often inaccurate accounts were preserved in the "Vita et Passio Waldevi comitis", a Middle English "Waltheof saga," and the Anglo-Norman "Waldef".

In 1070 Waltheof married Judith de Lens, daughter of Lambert II, Count of Lens and Adelaide of Normandy, Countess of Aumale. They had three children, the eldest of whom, Maud, brought the earldom of Huntingdon to her second husband, David I of Scotland, and another, Adelise (Alice of Nothumbria) married the Anglo-Norman noble Raoul III of Tosny.

One of Waltheof's grandsons was Waltheof (died 1159), abbot of Melrose.



Lake County, Michigan

Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 12,096 people live here. The county seat is Baldwin.

Leelanau County, Michigan

Leelanau County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 22,301 people live here. The county seat is Leland.

Prusy, Aube

Prusy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Puits-et-Nuisement

Puits-et-Nuisement is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Racines

Racines is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Radonvilliers

Radonvilliers is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Ramerupt

Ramerupt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rances, Aube

Rances is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rhèges

Rhèges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Ferry to Hong Kong

Ferry to Hong Kong is a 1959 British adventure movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Curt Jürgens, Sylvia Syms, Orson Welles, Jeremy Spenser. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Date honey

Date honey or Date syrup (in Arabic: Rub, in Hebrew: Silan) is a sweet syrup made from dates. It is very popular in North Africa and Middle East cuisines. In the Iranian cuisine and the Arab cuisine, it is also used to sweeten Tahini.

Grape honey

Grape honey (in Arabic: Dabas) is a sweet syrup made from grapes. It is very popular in and the Middle East, Georgian, Mediterranean cuisines. 

Halva

Halva (also known as halvah, halwa) is a type of confectionery widely spread throughout the Persia, Middle East as well as South Asia. The name is used for a broad variety of recipes, generally a thick paste made from flour, butter, liquid oil, saffron, rosewater, milk, cocoa powder, and sweetened with sugar. 

Halva has a number of geographical sources: from Iraq, Lebanon, Pakistan, Iran, India, Uzbekistan, Russia, Belarus, Poland, and Ukraine. It is considered a national dish in Turkey. There are many types of halva. In Israel, crude sesame base is popular. In Russia, halva made out of Sunflower seeds is popular.











Danforth, Illinois

Danforth is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Port Byron, Illinois

Port Byron is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Les Riceys

Les Riceys is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rigny-la-Nonneuse

Rigny-la-Nonneuse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Westport, Oklahoma

Westport is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

The United States Census Bureau lists the town with a total area of , is land while (52.78%) is water.

Red Rock, Oklahoma

Red Rock is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Camellia sasanqua

Camellia sasanqua (often called the sasanqua camellia) is a species of plant in the genus "Camellia". It is native to China and Japan. It can be found growing at a height of 900 meters. It grows up to 5 meters tall and is related to the tea plant, "Camellia sinensis".

Sapodilla

Manilkara zapota is a fruit tree in the Sapotaceae family. It is commonly known as the Sapodilla or Sapota. It is from southern Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. It is often grown for its fruit, which has a very malty and sweet flavor, and tastes like a pear.

Castles and Town Walls of King Edward in Gwynedd

The Castles and Town Walls of King Edward in Gwynedd is a World Heritage Site recognised by UNESCO. It is located in Gwynedd, Wales. The site includes the castles of Beaumaris and Harlech. It also includes the castles and town walls of Caernarfon and Conwy. It is considered to be the "finest examples of late 13th century and early 14th century military architecture in Europe".

It is described as the "zenith of English castle-building" by D. J. Cathcart King. It is because of the use of concentric defences, barbicans, and substantial gatehouses. Also, Sidney Toy considers them as "some of the most powerful castles of any age or country". Historians such as Michael Prestwich and Abigail Wheatley both appreciate its roles as palaces and symbols of royal power.

The location of the castles in Caernarfon and Conwy were chosen for their political significance and their military uses. The castles include luxury apartments and gardens. Caernarfon's castle and town walls had expensive stonework. They were perhaps made to suggest images of Arthurian or Roman imperial power. They are believed to have been made to improve Edward's personal prestige. 

The exact role of the royal architect James of St George in the construction is still being argued by many academics. The same with the influence of his native county of Savoy on the designs. However, the main sources indicate that he played a key role in its construction. They even described him as: “Magistro Jacobo de sancto Georgio, Magistro operacionum Regis in Wallia”. It means “Master James of Saint George, Master of the King’s Works in Wales.”
In 1986 the sites were announced as a UNESCO World Heritage site. Together, they were called the "Castles and Town Walls of King Edward in Gwynedd". 

UNESCO considered the sites to be the "finest examples of late 13th century and early 14th century military architecture in Europe". UNESCO also brings up the importance of their links to Edward I and James of St George, their scale and advanced military architecture, and their unusually good condition and historical documentation. 

The estimated costs to maintain the sites was around £239,500 during 2002–03. "Buffer zones" have been established around the sites. They are aimed to protect the views and setting from inappropriate development or harm. The sites are protected by a mixture of UK Scheduled Monument, Listed Building and conservation area legislation.

Fountains Abbey

Fountains Abbey is one of the largest and best preserved ruined Cistercian monasteries in England. It is sits approximately south-west of Ripon in North Yorkshire. It was founded in 1132 and operated for 407 years. It one of the wealthiest monasteries in England until it was dissolved in 1539, under the order of Henry VIII.

It is a Grade I listed building owned by the National Trust. It is part of the designated Studley Royal Park including the Ruins of Fountains Abbey. It is one of the recognised World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

After a riot in 1132 at the Benedictine abbey of St Mary's in York, 13 monks were expelled. Among them was Saint Robert of Newminster. They were taken under the protection of Thurstan, Archbishop of York. He provided them with land in the valley of the River Skell, which is a tributary of the Ure. The enclosed valley had all the natural features needed for the creation of a monastery. It provided shelter from the weather as well as stone and timber for building. It also had a good supply of running water. 

After a harsh winter in 1133, the monks applied to join the Cistercian order. At that time, it was a fast-growing reform movement. By the beginning of the 13th century, it had over 500 houses. In 1135, Fountains became the second Cistercian house in northern England, just after Rievaulx. 

The Fountains monks were under Clairvaux Abbey, in Burgundy. It was under the rule of St Bernard. Under the guidance of Geoffrey of Ainai, a monk sent in from Clairvaux, the group learned how to celebrate the seven Canonical Hours. According to Cistercian usage, they were shown how to construct wooden buildings in accordance with Cistercian architecture.

The abbey precinct covers and is surrounded by an wall. The wall was built in the 13th century. Some parts of it are visible to the south and west of the abbey. 

The precinct can be divided into different groups of buildings. The central group is the abbey church, the cloister, and the buildings round the cloister. This was where the monks lived, prayed, ate, slept, and worked. The "inner court" has other buildings for the daily life of the abbey. These are buildings such as the infirmary, the abbot's house, and guest houses for visitors. The infirmary was a place where monks could stay when they were ill.
The "outer court" had buildings for farming and industry, such as the watermill and the wool house. Over the years Fountains Abbey became very rich, mostly by selling wool. 

The original abbey church was built of wood and "was probably" two stories high. It was, however, quickly replaced with stone. The church was damaged in the attack on the abbey in 1146 and was rebuilt as a larger church on the same site. Building work was completed c.1170. This second church was completed around 1170. It was long , made up of 11 bays. The infirmary (marked "Abbots House" on the plan) had one of the largest halls in England in the middle ages , It had its own chapel and kitchens. Parts of it are on top of tunnels where the River Skell flows.
The archaeological excavation of the site began under the supervision of John Richard Walbran. In 1846, he published a paper "On the Necessity of clearing out the Conventual Church of Fountains". In 1966, the Abbey was placed in the guardianship of the Department of the Environment and the estate. It was purchased by the West Riding County Council, which later transferred its ownership to the North Yorkshire County Council in 1974. 

The National Trust bought the Fountains Abbey and Studley Royal estate from North Yorkshire County Council in 1983. In 1986 the parkland in where the abbey stands was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. 

It was recognised for fulfilling the criteria of ""being a masterpiece of human creative genius"." It was described ""as an outstanding example of a type of building or architectural or technological ensemble or landscape which illustrates significant stages in human history"." 

Fountains Abbey is owned by the National Trust and maintained by English Heritage. The trust owns Studley Royal Park, Fountains Hall, St Mary's Church, which was designed by William Burges and built around 1873. All of them are significant features of the World Heritage Site.

In January 2010, Fountains Abbey and Studley Royal became two of the first National Trust properties to be included in Google Street View, using the Google Trike.

Fountains Abbey was used as a film location by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark for their single "Maid of Orleans (The Waltz Joan of Arc)" during the cold winter of December 1981. In 1980, Hollywood filmed its final scenes to the film "". Other productions set on location of the abbey include: "Life at the Top", "The Secret Garden", "The History Boys." Television series such as "Flambards", "A History of Britain", "Terry Jones' Medieval Lives", "Cathedral", "Antiques Roadshow." Several game shows such as "Treasure Hunt" The BBC Television series "Gunpowder" (2017) also used Fountains Abbey as a location.

Fountains Abbey was featured twice in Fisher's Drawing Room Scrap Books. It includes poetical illustrations by Letitia Elizabeth Landon. 



Hurricane Isaac

The name Isaac has been used for five tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean.


Pontcysyllte Aqueduct

The Pontcysyllte Aqueduct () is a canal aqueduct in north east Wales. It took 10 years to design and build. It was completed in 1805. It is the longest aqueduct in Great Britain, and is the highest canal aqueduct in the world. The 18-arched stone and cast iron structure is designed for narrowboats.

The aqueduct was part of a grand plan which was never completed. It was part of the proposed Ellesmere Canal. It would have been an industrial waterway which made a link between the River Severn at Shrewsbury and the port of Liverpool on the River Mersey. 

The westerly high-ground route across the Vale of Llangollen was chosen. A less expensive route was surveyed to the east, but the route chosen would have taken the canal through a mineral-rich area. It would have taken the canal through the coalfields of North-East Wales. However, only parts of the canal route were completed. The plan fell through because the money ran out. The capitalist system at the time was primitive and unreliable. Most major work on the canal stopped after the completion of the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct in 1805.

The structure is a Grade I listed building. It is recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The name "Pontcysyllte" is Welsh for "Cysyllte Bridge", or "Bridge of Cysyllte". Cysyllte is the township of the old parish of Llangollen, where the southern end of the bridge lies. 

In 1999, the aqueduct and its surrounding lands were submitted to the "tentative list" of properties being considered for UNESCO World Heritage Site status. The aqueduct was suggested as a contender in 2005, its 200th anniversary year. It was finally announced in 2006 that a larger proposal, which covers a section of the canal from the aqueduct to Horseshoe Falls would be the United Kingdom's 2008 nomination.

Parts of the site including the length of canal from Rhoswiel, Shropshire, to the Horseshoe Falls, Pontcysyllte Aqueduct, and Chirk Aqueduct were visited by inspectors from UNESCO in October 2008. It was carried out to analyse and confirm the site management and authenticity. The aqueduct was named by UNESCO on the World Heritage List on 27 June 2009.



2020 Belarusian presidential election

The Presidential elections were held in Belarus on 9 August 2020. 

These candidates appeared on the ballot:


It was announced that Lukashenko won the election, marking his 6th term as President of the Republic of Belarus. This was disputed by both national and international sources. The platform "Golos (voice)" created prior to the election allowed Belarusians to upload photographs of their voting papers. From the sample provided – over 1 million voters – it was proven impossible for former President Lukashenko to obtain the number of votes stated. 


Opposition candidate Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya declared herself as the national leader of the country and called on Lukashenko to start negotiations. Meanwhile, her campaign team stated that they were ready to hold "long-term protests" against the official results.

Many protested the election results. Some governments did not recognise the results.

Blaenavon

Blaenavon () is a town in southeastern Wales. It is on the south of Afon Lwyd and north of Pontypool. Parts of the town and surrounding country form the Blaenavon Industrial Landscape became part of the World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000. There are about 6,057 people living there.

"Blaenavon" literally means "front of the river" or loosely translated as "river's source" in the Welsh language. 

Blaenavon is a community represented by Blaenavon Town Council, and electoral ward of Torfaen County Borough Council. Blaenavon is often

twinned with Coutras in France.

The town is near the source of the Afon Lwyd river. It is in the north of Cwmbran.

Parts of the town and surrounding country form the Blaenavon Industrial Landscape were recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000. Some of the attractions in the town include: 


After Samuel Hopkins death in 1815, his sister Sarah Hopkins of Rugeley, erected Blaenavon Endowed School in his memory.

St Peter's Church was constructed in 1804. It was gifted to the parish by Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins.

It had a Blaenavon Golf Club which was founded in 1906. The club closed in 1937.

Some of the most notable people from Blaenavon are: 



Zana

Zana may refer to:





Four Jills in a Jeep

Four Jills in a Jeep is a 1944 American musical comedy movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Kay Francis, Carole Landis, Martha Raye, Mitzi Mayfair, Jimmy Dorsey, Alice Faye. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway

Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway (born 21 January 2004) is the elder child of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit. She is second in line to succeed her grandfather King Harald V. She is a member of the House of Glücksburg; and she is expected to become the country's second female monarch, after the 15th-century Queen Margaret.

Princess Ingrid Alexandra was born on 21 January 2004 at 9:13 am in The National Hospital, part of the Oslo University Hospital in Oslo. She is the first child and only daughter of Crown Prince Haakon, heir apparent to the throne, and the second granddaughter of King Harald V and Queen Sonja. Her mother, Crown Princess Mette-Marit, has a son named Marius Borg Høiby, born in 1997 from a previous relationship.

Ingrid Alexandra was baptised by Bishop Gunnar Stålsett in the chapel of the Royal Palace on 17 April 2004. Her godparents were her grandfather the King, her aunt Princess Märtha Louise, the Crown Prince of Denmark, the Crown Princess of Sweden, the then Prince of Asturias, and her maternal grandmother, Marit Tjessem.

On 31 August 2019, Ingrid Alexandra was confirmed in the Palace Chapel in Oslo.

Ingrid Alexandra started her first day of school on 19 August 2010 at Jansløkka elementary school, a local state school attended by her half-brother. School officials hoped to make the school a place where the princess could make friends and enjoy some relief from public scrutiny.

On 17 June 2014, the Norwegian Royal Family announced that from the start of the 2014–2015 school year, Princess Ingrid Alexandra would move to the private English-language Oslo International School, reportedly because her parents wanted her to be fluent in English.

Princess Ingrid Alexandra was transferred to Oslo's Uranienborg School to complete her lower secondary education. In the fall of 2020, she is scheduled to start at Elvebakken Upper Secondary School in Oslo.

Titles

21 January 2004-present Her Royal Highness Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway 

Her Royal Highness The Princess 

Honors 

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav (21 January 2022) 

-Norway: Recipient of the Royal Family Order of King Harald V (21 January 2022) 

-Norway: Recipient of the Royal House Centennial Medal (25 November 2005) 

-Norway: Recipient of King Harald V’s Jubilee Medal (1991-2016) (17 January 2016) 

Foreign Honors 

-Denmark: Knight of the Order of the Elephant (21 January 2022) 

Lottie Louise Riekehof

Lottie Louise Riekehof (August 13, 1920 – August 6, 2020) was an American Sign Language interpreter and author. She was born in Germany. She was an important person in the field of professional sign language interpreting.

She wrote one of the first classes for interpreter educators, and trained interpreters and interpreter educators all over the world.

Alauddin Ali

Alauddin Ali (24 December 1952 – 9 August 2020) was a Bangladeshi music composer. He won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Music Director five times for the movies "Golapi Ekhon Traine" (1978), "Sundori" (1979), "Koshai" (1980), "Jogajog" (1988) and "Lakhe Ekta" (1990). 

He won the Best Music Composer award for the movie "Laal Doriya" (2002) and the Best Lyrics award for "Premik" (1985).

Ali died on 9 August 2020 at a private hospital in Dhaka from lung cancer, aged 67.

Rachid Belhout

Rachid Belhout (; June 14, 1944 – August 9, 2020) was an Algerian football manager and player. He managed Al-Ahly Benghazi in the Libyan Premier League.

In 2005, he was hired as coach of R.E. Virton, who were then playing in the Belgian Second Division.

On December 22, 2010, Belhout was made a manager of JS Kabylie. On May 1, 2011, he won the 2010–11 Algerian Cup by beating USM El Harrach 1-0 in the final. On June 26, 2011, Belhout resigned from his position as manager of the club.

On July 19, 2011, Belhout signed a one-year contract with Tunisian club Union Sportive Monastir.

On February 10, 2012, Belhout signed a one-year contract with Algerian club CS Constantine.

Belhout died on August 9, 2020, aged 76, after being killed in a car crash near Nancy, France.


Salome Bey

Salome Bey (October 10, 1939 – August 9, 2020) was an American-born Canadian singer-songwriter, composer, and actress. She was born in Newark, New Jersey.

Bey recorded two albums with Horace Silver, and released live albums of her performances with the Montreal Jubilation Gospel Choir and at the Montreux Jazz Festival. 

In 2005, she was made an honorary Member of the Order of Canada.

Bey was a member of the Canadian charity Artists Against Racism.

Bey died on August 9, 2020 in Toronto, Ontario from dementia-related problems, at the age of 80.

Martin Birch

Martin Birch (27 December 1948 – 9 August 2020) was a British music producer and sound engineer. He was well known for engineering and producing albums by British rock bands including Deep Purple, Rainbow, Fleetwood Mac, Whitesnake, Black Sabbath, Blue Öyster Cult, and Iron Maiden. He was born in Woking, Surrey.

Birch died on 9 August 2020, at age 71.

Brendan Halligan

Brendan Halligan (5 July 1936 – 9 August 2020) was an Irish economist and politician. He was founder and president of the Institute of International and European Affairs (IIEA). He was president of the Ireland China Institute.

He was also a Board Member of Mainstream Renewable Power. He was General Secretary of the Labour Party, a Teachta Dála (TD), a Senator, and a Member of the European Parliament (MEP). He was born in Dublin.

He died on 9 August 2020, aged 84.

Carroll Hardy

Carroll William Hardy (May 18, 1933 – August 9, 2020) was an American professional athlete. He played in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers (1955) and in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians (1958–1960), Boston Red Sox (1960–1962), Houston Colt .45s (1963–1964) and Minnesota Twins (1967). 

He was born in Sturgis, South Dakota. He batted and threw right-handed and was listed as tall and .

Hardy died on August 9, 2020 in Highlands Ranch, Colorado from dementia-related problems at the age of 87.

Kurt Luedtke

Kurt Luedtke (September 28, 1939August 9, 2020) was an American screenwriter and executive editor. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was known for working with Sydney Pollack on many movies.

He worked for the "Detroit Free Press". He wrote "Out of Africa" (1985), for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He also wrote "Absence of Malice" (1981) and "Random Hearts" (1999). 

Luedtke died on August 9, 2020 at a hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan from multiple organ failure, aged 80.

Out of Africa (movie)

Out of Africa is a 1985 American epic romantic drama movie directed and produced by Sydney Pollack. It stars Meryl Streep and Robert Redford. The movie is based on the 1937 autobiographical book "Out of Africa" written by Isak Dinesen, about her life in Kenya.

The movie also stars Michael Kitchen as Berkeley Cole, Malick Bowens as Farah, Stephen Kinyanjui as the Chief, Michael Gough as Lord Delamere, Suzanna Hamilton as Felicity, and the model and actress Iman as Mariammo. 

The movie had mixed reviews from critics. However, "Out of Africa" won seven Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Pollack.

Klaus Maria Brandauer

Klaus Maria Brandauer (; born Klaus Georg Steng; 22 June 1943) is an Austrian actor and director. He is also a professor at the Max Reinhardt Seminar. 

Brandauer is known for his roles in "Mephisto" (1981), "Never Say Never Again" (1983), "Out of Africa" (1985), "Hanussen" (1988), "Burning Secret" (1988), and "Introducing Dorothy Dandridge" (1999). 

Brandauer was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Globe Award.

Zaōnishiki Toshimasa

Zaōnishiki Toshimasa (born Toshimasa Adachi; 3 September 1952 – 9 August 2020) was a sumo wrestler. He was born in Yamagata, Japan. 

He made his professional debut in September 1970, and reached the top division in November 1976. His highest rank was "maegashira" 1. He retired in January 1983. He became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association. He reached the retirement age for elders of 65 in September 2017.

Zaōnishiki revealed in 2014 that he was diagnosed with multiple myeloma. He died on 9 August 2020 from the disease at the age of 67.

Banjarbaru

Banjarbaru is a city in the province of South Kalimantan in Indonesia. It is located southeast of Banjarmasin. The city had a population of 199,627 as of the 2010 Census.

Litoria purpureolata

Litoria purpureolata is a tree frog from the island of New Guinea. Scientists have only found it in Papua Province in Indonesia and West Sepak Province in Papua New Guinea.

The adult male frog is 56 to 68 mm long from nose to rear end, which is large for a frog in "Nyctimystes" or "Litoria". Unlike many tree frogs, it has only a small stripe down its side or no stripe at all. It has green skin with some white on its front legs and rear legs. It has a light brown arc on its ear. Some of the webbing between its toes is purple in color.

Francisco A. Cárdenas

Francisco Atenógenes Cárdenas Garza (born on July 16, 1879 in Abasolo, Nuevo León - died: July 3, 1943 in San Antonio, Texas) was a Mexican engineer and politician. He was Governor of Nuevo León. He later resigned before the end of his term. 

Francisco A. Cárdenas was born in Abasolo, Nuevo León, on July 16, 1879. His parents are José Dolores Cárdenas and Virginia Garza. He studied at the old Monterrey Civil College. He then graduated mining engineer from St. Mary's College in San Antonio, Texas. When he returned home, he dedicated himself to agriculture and livestock activities. His efforts got stopped by the outbreak of the revolutionary conflict in 1910.

Years later, Cárdenas began to show interest in politics. This led him to become mayor of his hometown. Later on, he became the deputy for the XLII Local Legislature. By September 16, 1929, he became second in command and reported to General Aarón Sáenz Garza.

In mid-1931, he was elected the governor for Nuevo León from October 4, 1931 to October 4, 1935. However, he didn't complete the term as he resigned on December 27, 1933.

Governor Cárdenas had to overcome many challenges caused by the world recession in 1929. Among the issues include the fall in state's income as this forced the president to order that the salaries of public servants be reduced. Many reforms were made to the finance laws which caused the property tax to increase in cities throughout the State. At the same time, taxes on salaries were created. Despite the economic difficulties, the industrial sector's growth did not slow down its growth. In fact, new factories were created.

Sensitive to the increasing demand for education at the professional level, he organized and led a general committee for the founding of the State University. The works began in February 1933. 

By May 31, the decree for founding University of Nuevo León was proclaimed. Its first headmaster was writer Héctor González.

He was also instrumental in the construction of the new Civil Hospital. Works began on May 3, 1933 on an area of about thirty hectares. He also setup the Central Board of Conciliation and Arbitration (1931); the founding of the Casa del Campesino (1932); the construction of the first highway from Nuevo Laredo to Monterrey, and the promulgation of a new General Law of Public Instruction.

Francisco A. Cárdenas resigned from his position on December 27, 1933. He led a private life after his retirement. He died in San Antonio, Texas, on July 3, 1943. His remains were buried in Panteón del Carmen, in Monterrey.


Quorn, Leicestershire

Quorn is a village in Leicestershire, a county in the East Midlands region of England. It is situated near to the university town of Loughborough. The village's population in 2011 was 5,177.

The village was named Quorndon until 1899. The name was shortened to Quorn to avoid confusion in posting as the name was similar to the village of Quarndon in nearby Derbyshire.

Quorn is built around the old A6 road, it runs through the centre of the village. On 28 October 1991, a dual carriageway bypass opened. The building of this road took the A6 away to the north-east of the village.

Quorn, the famous meat substitute company, takes its name from the village. It began production in 1985.

The village has a heritage railway station, Quorn and Woodhouse, on the Great Central Steam Railway, a preserved railway that runs between Loughborough and Leicester. The station also serves the hamlet of Woodhouse.

Gordon Banks, former England international football goalkeeper, lived in Quorn for many years of his life.

ParaHoxozoa

ParaHoxozoa is a proposed group within taxonomy. It would be a clade, above phylum but below a kingdom. 

It would include the Bilateria, the Placozoa and the Cnidarians.

Parahoxozoa is named after the groups of genes that scientists found in the organisms in it: (sub)classes (HNF, CUT, PROS, ZF, CERS, K50, S50-PRD) and Hox/ParaHox-ANTP. Some scientists said they thought a similar gene, ANTP, the NK gene, and the Cdx Parahox gene were also in sponges in the phylum Porifera, but for now, Parahoxozoa does not have sponges in it.
Scientists are not sure where to put Placozoa. They think it could be a sister clade to the other Parahoxozoa (the Planulozoa hypothesis) or sister of Cnidaria.

The first bilateral organisms (the first living things that were symmetrical from side to side) were worms which lived on the bottom of bodies of water. This type of worm probably had only one opening in its body instead of both a mouth and an anus, as bilateral organisms do today. A through-gut may already have developed with the ctenophora. The through-gut, the tubelike digestive system with two ends, may have evolved when the organism's one hole closed in the middle. For example, Acoela look like the planula larvae of some cnidarians.

Enskede gård

Enskede gård is a district in Söderort, Stockholm. It shares borders with Johanneshov, Gamla Enskede, Enskedefältet and Årsta. Its name came from the former manor and estate, Enskede farm. The farm was mentioned as early as 1392.

Local Bubble

The Local Bubble, or Local Cavity, is where we are in our galaxy. It is a relative cavity in the interstellar medium (ISM) of the Orion Arm in the Milky Way. It contains among others, the Local Interstellar Cloud, which contains the Solar System, and the G-Cloud. It is at least 300 light years across. It has a neutral-hydrogen density of about 0.05 atoms/cm, or about one tenth of the average for the ISM in the Milky Way (0.5 atoms/cm)

The exceptionally sparse gas of the Local Bubble is the result of supernovae that exploded within the past ten to twenty million years. The gas is still in an excited state, emitting in the X-ray band.

Bælum

Bælum is a village in Denmark. It is 31 km from Aalborg. According to January 2020 census, there are 733 people living there. It is a part of Rebild Municipality.

It is 5 km northeast of Terndrup and 16 km north of Hadsund. There is a Bælum Church and Bælum Mill. There is a wind turbine and the motor house. They have been fully restored and are maintained by Bælum Møllelaug.

DNA barcoding

DNA barcoding is a form of genetic analysis. It is part of molecular biology. Scientists use DNA barcoding to tell different species apart from each other. Scientists use DNA barcoding to tell which species are related to each other or evolved from the same older species.

The first types of DNA sequencing started in the 1980s.

In DNA barcoding, the technician sequences part of a gene and compares it to that same gene in other species. Sometimes scientists use the short fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit I (COI) gene as a DNA barcode gene. The fragment is usually 400 to 800 base pairs long.

Groups of scientists choose different genes to barcode depending on their project. A good barcode gene has to be short in length and have the exact same sequence at its beginning and end, but its middle has to be different enough in different species.

Some scientists say DNA barcoding is the opposite of genomics. DNA barcoding uses a few specific parts of the genome, and genomics is about looking at the entire genome.

DNA barcoding costs less money than other kinds of DNA sequencing. This means that smaller laboratories can afford to use it, and all laboratories can do more of it. It is also much easier to learn how to do than other forms of taxonomy. That means more people can learn to use it.

One good thing about DNA barcoding is that it helps human beings get around ideas that seem right but are really wrong. For example, some animals look similar even though they are not closely related. Some animals look different even though they are closely related. It is easy for a scientist to think two species are related because they look or act alike. For example, cows are more closely related to whales and orcas than they are to horses, even though cows walk on hooves, live on land, and eat grass like horses do. Looking at DNA barcoding makes it easier to see what really happened in evolution.

Another good thing about DNA barcoding is that scientists do not need to get close to the animal or plant they want to study. This is good for studying animals that are easily damaged, very shy, or dangerous to humans. The scientists do not even need to see the organism to use DNA barcoding. In one study, scientists collected feces (poop) from an African savanna. They used DNA barcoding to tell which species of animal had left it there and which plants it had eaten, all from the undigested DNA.

DNA barcoding makes it much much faster and easier to tell what a species eats. Before DNA barcoding, scientists had to follow an insect or other animal around and watch it eat. This could take many years. With DNA barcoding, scientists can look at what is in the animal's digestive system. This is fast enough that scientists can watch animals' eating habits change with climate change.

With DNA sequencing and DNA barcoding, scientists went into museums to look at specimens, or preserved example animals, that had been collected many years before. Using DNA sequencing, the scientists were able to tell that one butterfly collected in the 1700s was really ten different species of butterfly and not just one. Scientists made many discoveries of this kind in old museum collections.

Herpetologists (amphibian scientists) used DNA barcoding to analyze the parachuting frog in 2019. They found it by climbing mountains in Papua New Guinea.


Actinidia

Actinidia is a genus of woody vines in the family Actinidiaceae. It is commercially important as many plants in this genus produce kiwifruits, which are eaten in many parts of the world.

The most well-known species is "Actinidia deliciosa", the common kiwifruit.

Alquézar

Alquézar (Aragonese: "Alquezra") is a town in the province of Huesca. It is located in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. As of 2012, its population was 301. 

It is located on a limestone outcrop of the Eocene age. Situated at the west of the canyon of the Rio Vero in the Sierra y Cañones de Guara Natural Park. The village grew up around a castle. It has a church of Santa Maria. It was consecrated in 1099.

The name of the village comes from the Arabic word القصر "al qaçr" . It means fort or castle. It was renamed as Alcazar in Spanish. The castle became the main defense point of the nearby city of Barbastro.

The surrounding place of Somontano is known for its fine wines. There are more than 60 limestone caves with prehistoric cave paintings in the surrounding area. It made the region being declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1998. 


Lehigh University

Lehigh University is an American private research university in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1865 by businessman Asa Packer.

In 2020, U.S. News & World Report ranked Lehigh as the 50th best university in the nation.

The New School

The New School is an American private research university in New York City. It was founded in 1919 with an original mission as a home for progressive thinkers.

It is home to the Parsons School of Design, which is internationally recognized as one of the best schools for visual arts such as fashion, architecture, illustration, and photography. In 2020, QS World University Rankings listed Parsons as the 3rd best Art & Design program in the world.

A10 road (England)

The A10 is an important road in eastern England. It goes between London and King's Lynn. It follows the old route of the Roman road Ermine Street for much of its route. The road is about long in total.

Actinidiaceae

The Actinidiaceae are a family of around 360 species of plants in the Ericales order. The most important genus is "Actinidia", the kiwifruits.

Jorge Rodriguez-Chomat

Jorge Rodriguez-Chomat (June 28, 1945 – August 19, 2017) was a Cuban-American politician and judge. He was a one-term member of the Florida House of Representatives for the Republican Party from 1994 until his defeat in 1998. 

He was a Judge of the Criminal and Family Divisions of the Eleventh Judicial Circuit Court of Florida from 2011 until his retirement in 2017.

Rodriguez-Chomat died on August 19, 2017 from prostate cancer in Miami, Florida at age 72.

Senate of the Czech Republic

The Senate of the Parliament of the Czech Republic (), usually referred to as Senate, is the upper chamber of the Parliament of the Czech Republic. The seat of the Senate is Wallenstein Palace in Prague.

The Senate has 81 members, chosen in one-seat constituencies through the two-round system. If no candidate receives a majority of votes in the first round, there is a second round between the two highest-placed candidates. The term of office for Senators is six years.

The office was created in December 1992.

Parliament of the Czech Republic

The Parliament of the Czech Republic () or just Parliament () is the legislative body of the Czech Republic.

It is made up of two chambers, both elected in direct elections:

Erich Gruenberg

Erich Gruenberg (12 October 1924 – 7 August 2020) was an Austrian-born British violinist and teacher. He was a principal violinist of major orchestras in Stockholm and London. He taught at the Royal Academy of Music. He was born in Vienna.

Gruenberg died on 7 August 2020 at the Hampstead Garden Suburb in London at age 95.

P. J. Sheehan

Patrick Joseph Sheehan (1 March 1933 – 10 August 2020) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork South-West constituency from 1981 to 2002 and 2007 to 2011. He was a member of the Fine Gael.

He retired from politics at the 2011 general election.

He died on 10 August 2020, aged 87.

Melinda Dillon

Melinda Ruth Dillon (October 13, 1939 – January 9, 2023) was an American actress. 

She received a 1963 Tony Award nomination for her Broadway debut in the original production of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?". She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her roles as Jillian Guiler in "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977) and Teresa in "Absence of Malice" (1981).

Her other movie roles include "Bound for Glory" (1976), "F.I.S.T." (1978), "A Christmas Story" (1983), "Harry and the Hendersons" (1987), "The Prince of Tides" (1991) and "Magnolia" (1999).

Dillon died on January 9, 2023 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 83.

Hamilton (2020 movie)

Hamilton is a 2020 American musical movie which is a live recording of the 2015 Broadway musical. It was directed and produced by Thomas Kail and produced, written, and composed by Lin-Manuel Miranda.

Miranda also stars as first Treasury Secretary and Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, along with the musical's original principal Broadway cast.

"Hamilton" was originally planned for theatrical release on October 15, 2021; however, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the movie had a digital worldwide release on Disney+ on July 3, 2020. The movie received strong critical reviews.

Okieriete Onaodowan

Okieriete "Oak" Onaodowan ( ; born August 16, 1987) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Hercules Mulligan and James Madison in the 2015 musical "Hamilton," and the role of Dean Miller in the ABC drama and "Grey's Anatomy" spin-off series "Station 19". He was born in Newark, New Jersey.

Barrow-upon-Soar

Barrow-upon-Soar, also known as Barrow-on-Soar or simply Barrow, is a large village in the north of Leicestershire in England. It is in the Borough of Charnwood. It is between Loughborough and the city of Leicester. In 2011, the village had a population of 5,856 people.

It is famous for a plesiosaur that was dug out in the village in 1851. It was given the nickname "The Barrow Kipper". The skeleton was taken out from it is now being displayed at the New Walk Museum in Leicester. 

There is also a full-size replica at the Charnwood Museum in Loughborough. The village's football club, Barrow Town FC, has the skeleton on its logo. Barrow is also famous for its limestone working. There are streets in the village with names in reference to this.

The River Soar runs through the village. The village is near the A6 road from Quorn.

The village has a small railway station located on the Ivanhoe Line from Burton upon Trent to Loughborough. Trains run from Monday-Saturday between Leicester and Lincoln, however some carry on to Sleaford.

Barrow-upon-Soar is twinned with:

Dariusz Baliszewski

Dariusz Baliszewski (14 April 1946 – 10 August 2020) was a Polish historian, journalist and writer. He wrote the screenplay for "Rewizja nadzwyczajna". He wrote many historical articles to one of the biggest Polish magazines, "Wprost". 

In 1999, for his television creativity and professionalism in work, President Aleksander Kwaśniewski awarded him the Silver Cross of Merit.

Baliszewski was born in Warsaw. He died on 10 August 2020 in Warsaw, aged 74.

Kartika Liotard

Kartika Tamara Liotard (26 June 1971 – 1 August 2020) was a Dutch politician, anti-pornography feminist, and civil servant. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2004 to 2014. She was formerly a member of the Socialist Party. Liotard was vice-chair of the EUL–NGL group. She was born in Voorburg, South Holland, and studied law at Maastricht University.

Liotard died on 1 August 2020, aged 49.


Alpine, Alaska

Alpine is an unincorporated community in northern Alaska. It is located in the North Slope Borough, along the Arctic Ocean. This city in Alaska had a population of 4 but was so remote that when they (the people of Alpine) got sick they could not get medicine in time. 

Isabelle Weingarten

Isabelle Weingarten (18 April 1950 – 3 August 2020) was a French actress, model, and photographer. She was born in Paris. Her first movie role was in "Four Nights of a Dreamer". 

She also starred in "The Mother and the Whore" in 1973. She began working for "Cahiers du Cinéma" in 1986. In 2008, she began studying the works of her father, Romain Weingarten, poet and playwright.

Wiengarten was married to Benjamin Baltimore from 1968 to 1978. She then married Wim Wenders, who she divorced in 1983. Lastly, she was married to Olivier Assayas until their divorce in 1996. 

Weingarten died on 3 August 2020 at the age of 70.

Olivier Assayas

Olivier Assayas (born 25 January 1955) is a French movie director, screenwriter, and movie critic.

He made his debut in 1986, after directing some short movies and writing for the influential movie magazine "Cahiers du cinéma".

Assayas's movie "Cold Water" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.


Maggie Cheung

Maggie Cheung Man-yuk (; born 20 September 1964) is a Hong Kong actress. 

She is known for her roles in "As Tears Go By", "Center Stage", "", "Green Snake", "The Soong Sisters", "In the Mood for Love", and "Clean".

In 1983, Cheung entered the Miss Hong Kong pageant and won the first runner-up and the Miss Photogenic award as well. She was a semi-finalist in the Miss World pageant the same year.

Mia Hansen-Løve

Mia Hansen-Løve (born 5 February 1981) is a French movie director, screenwriter, and former actress. 

Her first feature movie, "All Is Forgiven", won the Louis Delluc Prize for Best First Film in 2007 along with Céline Sciamma's "Water Lilies". 

Hansen-Løve's movie "Father of My Children" won the Special Jury Prize in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. 

In 2014, Hansen-Løve was awarded the status of Chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. 

In 2016, she won the Silver Bear for Best Director for her movie "Things to Come" at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival, as well as becoming a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Sixto Brillantes

Sixto Serrano Brillantes, Jr. (August 14, 1939 – August 11, 2020) was a Filipino election lawyer. He was the chairman of the Commission on Elections from 2011 to 2015. He was appointed by President Benigno Aquino III on January 16, 2011. He was born in Manila.

On July 25, 2020 he was diagnosed with COVID-19 and was hospitalized in Manila. He died from the infection on August 11, 2020 at the age of 80.

Vladica Popović

Vladimir "Vladica" Popović (; 17 March 1935 – 10 August 2020) was a Serbian footballer and manager. He won the Intercontinental Cup with Red Star Belgrade in 1991. He played for the Yugoslavia national football team from 1956 to 1965. 

Popović died in Belgrade on 10 August 2020, aged 85.

Dakelh

The Dakelh or Carrier are an Indigenous group who live in British Columbia.

The name "Carrier" came from the custom of a widow carrying the ashes of her dead husband for 3 years.

They call themselves the "Dakelh / Dakelh-ne" (ᑕᗸᒡ), which means "people who travel by boat early in the morning."

They also call themselves Yinka Dene (people of the land), while the Carrier who speak the Babine-Witsuwitʼen language call themselves Yinka Whut'en which means the same thing. 

Most of the time, they call themselves often simply Dune ("person", "human") or Dune-ne and Dune-ke/Dune-koh (ᑐᘅᘅ, "people", "men").

The Dakelh live in northern British Columbia along the Fraser River. Their homeland has lots of forests and lakes.

The Dakelh way of live is based on the seasons. In summer, they gather berries. They also fish for salmon and hunt deer.

Mike Tindall (footballer)

Michael Chadwick Tindall (5 April 1941 – 10 August 2020) was an English former professional footballer. He was best known for his career with Aston Villa. His playing position was wing-half.

Tindall started his career at South Birmingham Boys. He moved to Walsall for a short time before dropping into the non-League to play for Tamworth.

Tindall played for the England youth team but never represented the senior side.

Tindall died on 11 August 2020 from dementia-related problems, aged 79. 

Jose Melo

Jose Armando R. Melo (May 30, 1932 – October 18, 2020) was a Filipino lawyer and jurist. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1992 to 2002. He is a former Chairman of the Commission on Elections (COMELEC).

Benjamin Abalos

Benjamin Santos Abalos, Sr. (born September 21, 1935) is a Filipino politician. He was a chairman of the Commission on Elections. He was also a former chairman of the MMDA and mayor of Mandaluyong City. 

On June 5, 2002 President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo appointed Abalos to replace Alfredo Benipayo.

On October 1, 2007, Abalos resigned during a press conference after complaining for lack of rules to create an impeachment case against Filipino governors. The Commission on Elections appointed Resurreccion Borra as Acting Chairman.

Christian Monsod

Christian S. Monsod (born July 16, 1936) is a Filipino lawyer. He was Chairman of the Commission on Elections (COMELEC). He was one of the creators of the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines. 

He is the founder and honorary chairman of the Legal Network for Truthful Elections (LENTE) and key activist of the National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL).

Canadian Aboriginal syllabics

Canadian syllabic writing, or simply syllabics, is an abugida and brahmic script created by a Christian missionary to write down the languages of some of the First Nations of Canada. This one alphabet later became many alphabets.

Each letter represents a syllable. The letters look like triangles and curves. Different languages have some different letters to represent the sounds in their own language best.

By the late 19th century the Cree had achieved what may have been one of the highest literacy rates in the world.

James Evan was a Methodist missionary from England. He wanted to create an alphabet to teach the Cree and Ojibwe about Christianity. He got inspiration from the Devanagari alphabet from India.

Every consonant has the same shape. For example, the syllables that start with a "p" sound look like a V. To show that they have different vowels, the shapes are rotated. So "pe" would look like ᐯ whole "pa" would be ᐸ.

In some languages, words end in a final consonant, like the "t" in "cat." To show this, a small letter is added to the end of the word.

In some languages, diacritics are added to indicate things like vowel length.

Syllabics is one of the official writing systems of Nunavut. That means that government forms in Inuktitut can be written either in the Latin alphabet (ABCs) or in syllabics.

Bernardo P. Pardo

Bernardo P. Pardo (born February 11, 1932) is a Filipino politician and lawyer. Between 1995 to 1998, he was Chairman of the Commission on Elections. In 1998, President Joseph Estrada nominated him to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He retired in 2002.

Pardo was born in Manila. He studied at the University of Texas. 

Wymeswold

Wymeswold is a village and civil parish in the north of Leicestershire, a county in England. The 2011 census saw that around 1,296 people live there.

It is located north-east of Loughborough, a university town, and is very close to the border with Nottinghamshire. Nearby villages include Barrow-upon-Soar, Prestwold, Burton on the Wolds and Rempstone.

The village was formerly the location of RAF Wymeswold which has since closed. There is a memorial plaque on the wall of Wymeswold Pharmacy that pays tribute to when a Wellington Bomber crashed into a nearby hill while on a night training course.

The village has a greengrocer, a general convenience store, a pine furniture store, a gift shop, a restaurant and two public houses (The Three Crowns and The Windmill). There is also a village cricket club which also includes a football pitch.

Regino C. Hermosisima Jr.

Regino Campos Hermosisima Jr. (born October 18, 1927) is a Filipino politician and lawyer. He was born in Cebu. He became a member of the Supreme Court as an Associate Justice on July 10, 1995. He retired on October 18, 1997. He was nominated by President Fidel Ramos.

Jose Vitug

Jose C. Vitug (born 15 July 1934) is a Filipino lawyer and jurist. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He was appointed to the Court on June 28, 1993 by President Fidel Ramos and retired on July 15, 2004. Vitug was the Founding Dean of the Angeles University Foundation College of Law in Manila.

Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines

An Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines is one of 15 members of the Philippine Supreme Court, the highest court in the Philippines. 

The Chief Justice is in charge over the High Court, but carries only one of the 15 votes in the court. 

Until 1973, only men were appointed as Associate Justices to the Court. Cecilia Muñoz-Palma, an appointee of President Ferdinand Marcos, was the first woman to sit on the Court. 

Since then, 15 other women have been appointed as Associate Justices of the Supreme Court. 


Port of Beirut

The Port of Beirut () is the main port in Lebanon on the eastern part of the Saint George Bay on Beirut's northern Mediterranean coast. It is west of the Beirut River. It is one of the largest and busiest ports on the Eastern Mediterranean. 

On 4 August 2020, two large explosions happened at the port, killing at least 220 people, and injuring more than 5,000 others. 

Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya

Sviatlana Hyeorhiyeuna Tsikhanouskaya (, née Pilipchuk, Піліпчук, "also trans." Svetlana Georgiyevna Tikhanovskaya, ; born 11 September 1982) is a Belarusian activist and politician. She was a presidential candidate in the 2020 Belarusian presidential election. She was born in Mikashevichy.

Her husband, Sergei Tikhanovsky is a YouTuber and ran for president in 2020. However he was arrested. After the arrest of her husband on 29 May, Tsikhanouskaya announced her intention to run in his place. Many people supported her campaign because the current president, Alexander Lukashenko has been seen as a dictator and very unpopular.

The night before the election, members of her campaign were arrested and some fled to Minsk.

Soon, she fled to Lithuania due to fear of imprisonment.

In January 2023, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus designated the structures of Svetlana Tikhanovskaya as an extremist formations. Members of extremist formations face imprisonment under Belarusian law.

In March 2023, Tsikhanouskaya was sentenced in-absentia to a 15-year jail term.


2020–2021 Belarusian protests

The 2020 Belarusian protests, nicknamed the Slipper Revolution, and the Anti-Cockroach Revolution are a series of street protests against Belarus's president Alexander Lukashenko. They began on 24 March 2020.

The protests are part of the Belarusian democracy movement. They are upset over the 2020 Belarusian presidential election, in which Lukashenko was controversially re-elected. Many believed the election was rigged and unfair.

Support from Russian President Vladimir Putin helped Alexander Lukashenko hold on, and the security forces started attacking people from the opposite side.

There were more than 600 political prisoners as of August 2021. These numbers came from the Viasna Human Rights Centre. Tens of thousands of people have been arrested and thousands have left the country.

The Naked and the Dead

The Naked and the Dead is a novel written by an American author named Norman Mailer. It was published in 1948. The novel was based on Mailer's experience as a cook while he was stationed in the Philippines. It is about the experiences about one platoon during World War II as they fight in the South Pacific.

It became very popular. It was turned into a film in 1958.

The story takes place on the fictional island of Anopopei in the South Pacific and is about American soldiers trying to drive off the Japanese so that they can advance into the Philippines.
Staff Sergeant Sam Croft, Woodrow Wilson, and Roy Gallagher are playing cards the night before a scheduled attack. They are members of a recon platoon fighting on Anopopei. The next morning, as the platoon takes boats to the island, they are nervous. Sgt. William Brown and Cpl. Stanley talk about women and the other men in their squad. The assault begins, and as the platoon waits for their turn to come to the island, they nervously joke among themselves. Once the squad reaches the beach, they dig foxholes. Stanley picks a fight with Oscar Ridges and Red Valsen, but ultimately Red knows the time is not right for a fight, and he backs down. Croft leaves to find his commanding officer. Once they’ve begun to settle in on the beach, the Japanese attack. The squad splits up. Cpl. Toglio, Hennessey, and Ridges have completed their foxholes, so they stay on the beach. Brown, Gallagher, Wilson, Red, Stanley, and Sgt. Julio Martinez run after Croft. As the beach is shelled, Hennessey panics and soils himself. He runs down the beach to try to clean his pants, but he is killed.

Croft pleads with higher officers to give him more men to replace those lost. He ultimately earns an extra replacement man, bringing the squad up to fourteen. Roth and Goldstein, two of the new men in the platoon, become friends because they are both Jewish.


The publisher would not let the word "fuck" be in the novel, so Mailer used the word "fug" to replace it.

Oliviu Gherman

Oliviu Gherman (26 April 1930 – 11 August 2020) was a Romanian physicist, politician, university professor and diplomat. He was a member of the Romanian Senate between 1990 through 2004. He was the Senate President between 1992 to 1996. Between 2001 to 2004, he was the Romanian Ambassador to France.

Gherman died on 11 August 2020 at the age of 90.

Elaine Devry

Elaine Devry (born Thelma Elaine Mahnken, January 10, 1930 – September 20, 2023) is an American actress.

Her first movie was "The Atomic Kid", in which she and her husband Mickey Rooney co-starred. Devry made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the title role of defendant Janice Wainwright in the 1962 episode "The Case of the Shapely Shadow." 

She also appeared in many other popular television series, including "Death Valley Days", "Bonanza", "77 Sunset Strip", "Burke's Law", "Family Affair", "I Dream of Jeannie", "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "Dragnet", and "Tales of Wells Fargo". 
She died in Grants Pass on September 20, 2023, at the age of 93.

Martha Vickers

Martha Vickers (May 28, 1925 – November 2, 1971) was an American model and actress.

She played minor roles in many movies during the early 1940s. She played the drug-addicted younger sister of Lauren Bacall's character in "The Big Sleep" (1946). She also starred in a musical, "The Time, the Place and the Girl" (also 1946). She also starred in "Love and Learn" and "That Way with Women" (both 1947).

Vickers died of esophageal cancer at a hospital in Los Angeles on November 2, 1971 at the age of 46. 

Lorenzo Lamas

Lorenzo Lamas (born January 20, 1958) is an American actor. He is best known for his role of Lance Cumson in the soap opera "Falcon Crest" (1981–1990).

Lamas is also known for his roles as Reno Raines in the crime drama series "Renegade" (1992–1997), and Hector Ramirez in the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" (2004–2006).

Fernando Lamas

Fernando Álvaro Lamas y de Santos (January 9, 1916October 8, 1982) was an Argentine-American actor and director. He was known for playing the "Latin Lover" in many movies during the 1940s and 1950s.

In 1951, Lamas starred as Paul Sarnac in the musical, "Rich, Young and Pretty" with Jane Powell. He also starred in "The Law and the Lady" (1952) which was very unpopular.

He also starred alongside Elizabeth Taylor in "The Girl Who Had Everything" (1952).

He is the father of actor Lorenzo Lamas. He was married to Arlene Dahl between 1954 to 1960. He was also married to Esther Williams between 1969 until his death.

Female Go players

This is an article about the history of Female Go players.

Female Go players are viewed to be a minority. This is due to these reasons: 
These are caused by many reasons. One factor is they retire earlier due to marriage, pregnancy and maternity.
In Japan, Go players are always compared with shogi players. This is because newspapers like Asahi Shinbun treat them equal. But there is a big difference among female players. Female Go players usually belong to the same organization with others. But this does not happen for shogi. Female shogi players belong to the Ladies Professional Shogi Association (LPSA). The others belong to the Japan Shogi Association (JSA). Some LPSA players like Kana Satomi have tried to enter JSA. But currently, no one has entered.

In Europe, there were no notable female players before Svetlana Shikshina and Diana Koszegi. In order to increase female players, the European Go Federation is holding the European Womens Go Championship (EWGC) since 1996 and the European Pair Go Championship (EPGC) since 1997.
Kansai Ki-in has eased the age rules to female players. At Nihon Ki-in, there is a special exam for female players. Most female professionals (except Xie Yimin and Keiko Kato etc.) have got their pro status by this way. In 2019, Nihon Ki-in has started a female player test system to give more support to them. Nihon Ki-in is also sponsoring female amateur games.
This is a tournament operated with the All Japan Student Go Federation. Some winners have got pro status, or became top amateur players. Only players who cleared regional games can attend.

The All Japan Female Amateur Go Championship is the highest match for female amateur Go players. Some winners have became a pro. The next table shows the notable winners.

Kaori Chinen, Yukari Yoshihara and Rina Fujisawa also joined this game.

Rahat Indori

Rahat Indori, born Rahat Qureshi (1 January 1950 – 11 August 2020) was an Indian Bollywood lyricist and Urdu poet. He was also a former professor of Urdu language and a painter. He was a language professor at Devi Ahilya University, Indore. As a movie score composer, his best known works were "Khuddar", "Mission Kashmir" and "". Indori was born in Indore, Madhya Pradesh.

Indori died on 11 August 2020 at a hospital in Indore from COVID-19, aged 70. He was tested positive for the infection the night before.

Mohammad Javad Zarif

Mohammad Javad Zarif (; ; born c. 7 January 1960) is an Iranian politician. He has been foreign minister of Iran since 2013. He helped end the economic sanctions against Iran from many countries on 16 January 2016.

On 25 February 2019, Zarif resigned from his post as foreign minister. His resignation was rejected by President Hassan Rouhani.

A16 autoroute

The A16, also called "L'Européenne" (The European) in French, is an autoroute (motorway) in France. It goes between Paris and the border with Belgium near Ghyvelde. It goes through Amiens, Calais and Dunkirk. It is part of the European route E40. The autoroute is about long in total.

Isabelle Fuhrman

Isabelle Fuhrman (born February 25, 1997) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Esther in the 2009 horror movie "Orphan" and Clove in the 2012 dystopian adventure movie "The Hunger Games".

Shakuntala Devi

Shakuntala Devi (4 November 1929 – 21 April 2013) was an Indian writer and mental calculator. She was popularly known as the "Human Computer". Devi wanted to make mathematics easier for students. 

Her talent earned her a place in the 1982 edition of "The Guinness Book of World Records". However, the certificate for the record was given posthumously on 30 July 2020, despite Devi achieving her world record on 18 June 1980. In 2019, a movie was made in memory of her. The name of the movie was Shakuntala Devi.Unlike Marcus Zhong, Shakuntla had an IQ of 160.

Vidya Balan

Vidya Balan (pronounced ; born 1 January 1979) is an Indian actress. 

She was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2014.

Vidya is known for her roles in "Paa" (2009), the black comedy "Ishqiya" (2010), the thrillers "No One Killed Jessica" and "Kahaani" (2012), and the biopic "The Dirty Picture" (2011).

Cheraw, South Carolina

Cheraw ( , ) is a town on the Pee Dee River in Chesterfield County South Carolina, United States. The population was 5,040 at the 2020 census. It has been nicknamed "The Prettiest Town in Dixie".

Jodrell Bank Observatory

The Jodrell Bank Observatory a radio telescope in Cheshire. It picks up radio waves from outer space. Jodrell Bank is mainly used for investigating radio waves from the planets and stars.

It was the idea of its first director, Bernard Lovell, to use radio signals to investigate cosmic rays. Lovell, Professor of Astronomy at Manchester University, had worked on radar in World War II. The observatory was set up in 1945. 

It has been used to research meteoroids, quasars, pulsars, masers and gravitational lenses. It was heavily involved in tracking space probes.

The main telescope at the observatory is the Lovell Telescope. It has a diameter of , and is the third largest steerable radio telescope in the world. There are three other active telescopes at the observatory. 

The Jodrell Bank Observatory is the base of the Multi-Element Radio Linked Interferometer Network (MERLIN), a "National Facility" run by the University of Manchester. What this means is that radio telescopes can work together to form a long baseline to better collect data from an important phenomenon. There are three other active telescopes at the observatory; the Mark II, and and 7 m diameter radio telescopes. 

The telescope discovered radio noise from the Great Nebula in Andromeda—the first definite detection of an extragalactic radio source—and the remains of Tycho's Supernova in the radio frequency. At that time, Tycho's Supervova had not been discovered by regular light telescopes.

New Town, Edinburgh

The New Town is in the central area in Edinburgh, Scotland. Together with the Old Town, it became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995. 

It was built in stages between 1767 and around 1850. It kept much of its original neoclassical and Georgian period architecture. It is most famous for Princes Street. It faces the Edinburgh Castle and the Old Town. 


Tycho's Supernova

Tycho's Supernova also called SN 1572 or B Cassiopeiae (B Cas) – was a supernova of Type Ia in the constellation Cassiopeia. It is one of eight supernovae visible to the naked eye in historical records. It appeared in early November 1572 and was independently discovered by many people. It is called Tycho's because Tycho Brahe published a book the next year about what he and other astronomers saw.

The remains of the supernova was first detected by radio telescopes. It was often known as 3C 10, which is a radio-source designation, but now people call it Tycho's supernova remnant. It can be seen by light telescope.

Liverpool Maritime Mercantile City

Liverpool Maritime Mercantile City is a former UNESCO World Heritage Site in Liverpool, England. The six sites included the Pier Head, Albert Dock, William Brown Street, and other famous landmarks in the city. They are considered the 'supreme example of a commercial port at a time of Britain's greatest global influence'.

The sites were nominated to UNESCO in January 2003. By March 2004, ICOMOS recommended the Liverpool Maritime Mercantile City as a World Heritage Site. It was accepted under cultural bases: ii, iii and iv. 

In 2012, the proposed construction of Liverpool Waters project caused the sites to be included in the List of World Heritage in Danger. In July 2017, UNESCO warned it might lose its status because of the development plans. 

English Heritage argued against the Liverpool Waters development. It thought some of Liverpool's most significant historic buildings would be “severely compromised”.

In July 2021, UNESCO announced that the site had been stripped of its World Heritage status.



Theaceae

The Theaceae is a family of plants in the order Ericales. They contain the genus "Camellia", used to make tea. They have around 7 to 40 genera.

Supinfo

SUPINFO International University, formerly called "École Supérieure d'Informatique", is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of IONIS Education Group. It has been created in 1965. The school is recognized by the French State since 1972.

It offers a 5-year course in IT.


Sabang tree frog

The Sabang tree frog ("Nyctimystes sanguinolenta") is a tree frog from New Guinea. Scientists have seen it in the Baliem Valley and other places not high above sea level in Indonesia.

Old Town, Edinburgh

The Old Town () is oldest part of Edinburgh. It preserved much of its medieval street plan and buildings. Together with New Town, it forms a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The main street in the Old Town is called the "Royal Mile". It runs on a downwards path from Edinburgh Castle to Holyrood Palace and the ruined Holyrood Abbey. 

The streets are not officially called The Royal Mile in terms of legal addresses. The actual street names (running west to east) are Castlehill, Lawnmarket, High Street, Canongate and Abbey Strand. 

Notable buildings in the Old Town include St. Giles' Cathedral, the General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland, the National Museum of Scotland, the Old College of the University of Edinburgh and the Scottish Parliament Building. The area is known to have underground vaults and hidden passages that are relics of old phases of construction.
In addition to the Royal Mile, the Old Town may be divided into various areas from west to east:


In 1824, a major fire known as Great Fire of Edinburgh, destroyed most of the buildings on the south side of the High Street. During the Edinburgh International Festival, the High Street and Hunter Square become gathering points. Performers in the Fringe advertise their shows, often through street performances.

On 7 December 2002, the Cowgate fire destroyed a small but dense group of old buildings on the Cowgate and South Bridge. It destroyed the famous comedy club, The Gilded Balloon. Other areas affected were the Informatics Department of the University of Edinburgh. The vast artificial intelligence library was also damaged. The site was redeveloped 2013-2014. There now stands a single new building which largely used as a hotel.


Lantz, Navarre

Lantz is a village in Navarre, Spain. It still maintains its old tradition of rural carnival.

Balsaminaceae

The Balsaminaceae is a family of two genera and around 850 to 1,000 species, mostly in the genus "Impatiens". The two genera in this family are "Impatiens" and "Hydrocera". 

Vyacheslav Volodin

Vyacheslav Viktorovich Volodin (; born 4 February 1964) is a Russian politician. He is the 10th Chairman of the State Duma since 5 October 2016.

Volodin was Vladimir Putin's aide. He was the Secretary-General of the United Russia party. He was also a deputy in the State Duma from 1999-2001. 

From 2010 until 2012, he was Deputy Prime Minister of Russia. He was also a first deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Administration of Russia. He also helped in Putin's third term.

NGC 4754

NGC 4754 is a barred lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. It was discovered on on March 15, 1784 by astronomer William Herschel.

Hiroe Nakai

Nakai was selected to be the first representative director of The Ladies Professional Shogi-player's Association of Japan (LPSA) after it was established in 2007. She served in that position until 2010.
She has obtained 19 major titles in her career. This is a 3rd place record in Japanese shogi history.
Nakai received a number of Japan Shogi Association Annual Shogi Awards and other awards in recognition of her accomplishments in shogi and contributions made to Japanese society.



St Martin's Church, Canterbury

The Church of St Martin is an old Church of England church in Canterbury, England. It is best known as having the longest continuous history as a parish church in the English-speaking world. It is often known as "The first church founded in England". Although there were already Roman and Celtic churches had existed for centuries. Together with the Canterbury Cathedral and St Augustine's Abbey, they are part of a World Heritage Site.

Since 1668 the church has been part of the benefice of St Martin and St Paul Canterbury. Both St Martin's and nearby St Paul's churches are used for weekly services. The current rector of the parish is the Reverend Mark Richard Griffin.

St Martin's was the private chapel of Queen Bertha of Kent (died in or after 601). Queen Bertha was a Christian Frankish princess who arrived in England with her chaplain, Bishop Liudhard. Her pagan husband, King Æthelberht of Kent, let her to continue to practise her religion by renovating (ca. AD 580) an existing church. As Bede named it, this church was dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours. It is the city located near where Bertha grew up.

Upon Augustine's arrival, he used St Martin's as his mission headquarters. King Æthelberht was baptised here. When Canterbury Cathedral and St Augustine's Abbey were established, St Martin's lost its initial prestige. However, it still remains of historical importance.

Local finds prove that Christianity did exist in this area of the city at the time. The church contains many reused Roman bricks or spolia. It also has complete sections of walls of Roman tiles. At the core of the church the brick remains of a Roman tomb were integrated into the structure. Several sections of walls are clearly very early. It is possible that a blocked square-headed doorway in the chancel was the entrance to Bertha's church. Meanwhile, other sections of wall come from the period after the Gregorian mission in the 7th or 8th centuries. The apse that was originally at the east end has been removed. The tower came much later, in Perpendicular style. The church is a Grade I listed building.

Many notable local families and well-known graves were buried in its churchyard. These people include: 


The church has a continuing musical tradition from the monks of St Augustine to the present day. The choral director for the parish is Dom del Nevo.

The tower has three bells set for swing-chiming using levers. 



Euronews

Euronews (styled euronews) is a European television news network, headquartered in Brussels, Belgium. The network began broadcasting on 1 January 1993 and covers world news from a European perspective. It is a provider of livestreamed news, which can be viewed in most of the world via its website, on YouTube, and on various mobile devices and digital media players. The service is also aimed at the overseas market, similar to TV Brasil Internacional, ABC Australia, TVP Polonia, Fox Business Network, Bloomberg Television, CNBC, CNN International, CNN, ESPNews, DD India, BBC News, MSNBC, Al Jazeera English, France 24, Phoenix InfoNews Channel, RTP Internacional, TVE Internacional, Rai Italia, CCTV-4, CGTN, DW, TV5Monde, NHK World, Arirang, KBS World, RT, BBC Parliament, CBC News Network, Fox News Channel, Canal del Congreso, CPAC, C-SPAN, BBC One, CBC Television, PBS and RTR-Planeta.

In 1992, following the Persian Gulf War, during which rival cable and satellite international television news channel CNN's position as the preeminent source of 24-hour news programming was cemented, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) proposed a channel to present information from a counterpart European perspective. The inaugural Euronews broadcast was on 1 January 1993 from Écully, Lyon. In 1996, an additional broadcast studio was set up in London.

In late 1997, the British news broadcaster ITN purchased a 49% share of Euronews for £5.1 million from Alcatel-Lucent. ITN supplied the content of the channel along with the remaining shareholders.

In 1999, the broadcast switched from solely analogue to mainly digital transmission. The same year, a Portuguese audio track was added.

In 2001, the All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company (VGTRK) acquired a 1.8% stake in SOCEMIE. A Russian-language service was launched later in the year.

In April 2003, ITN sold its stake in Euronews as part of its drive to streamline operations and focus on news-gathering rather than channel management.

On 6 February 2006, Ukrainian public broadcaster Natsionalna Telekompanya Ukraïny (NTU) purchased a one percent interest in SOCEMIE.

In 2007, Euronews won the European Commission's tender for an Arabic-language news channel, with a service agreement being signed on 6 December. The Arabic service would eventually be launched in July 2008.

On 27 May 2008, Spanish public broadcaster RTVE decided to leave Euronews, citing legal requirements to maintain low debt levels through careful spending as a factor influencing its decision to leave, as well as to promote its international channel TVE Internacional.

In February 2009, the Turkish public broadcaster TRT became a shareholder in the channel and joined its supervisory board. TRT purchased 15.70% of the channel's shares and became the fourth main partner after France Télévisions (23.93%), RAI (21.54%), and VGTRK (16.94%). Subsequently, Turkish was added as the ninth language service in January 2010. Later that year in October, the channel started broadcasting in Persian, then began broadcasting in 16:9 widescreen format in early 2011, and launched a Ukrainian service in August. A Polish service was launched in mid-2011 amid Poland's accession to the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, although only some selected evening broadcasts were translated. It was shortly after discontinued in January 2012.

In February 2015, the channel's executive board approved a bid by Media Globe Networks, owned by Egyptian telecom magnate Naguib Sawiris, to acquire a 53% controlling stake in the media outlet. The deal raised questions over Euronews's future editorial posture and independence.

On 13 March 2015, it was announced that Inter Media Group, owned by pro-Russian Ukrainian oligarch Dmytro Firtash, had taken over the Ukrainian service. In response, the Ukrainian government decided to revoke its broadcasting license for its suspected bias and dropped its funding. Firtash later abandoned the project, resulting in the department shutting down and leaving 17 journalists redundant. The Russian service, which was financed by Moscow, refused to provide jobs to the journalists, in violation of French labour legislation. The management explained that not hiring any Ukrainian journalists was a specific instruction from VGTRK.

In October 2015, Euronews moved to a new global headquarters complex in La Confluence, Lyon, designed by Paris-based architecture firm Jakob + MacFarlane and covering a floor area of 10,000 m2 (21⁄2 acres).
The decision to move was announced prior to the majority takeover by Media Globe Networks.

In November 2016, the channel's executive board was in talks with NBCUniversal, the parent company of NBC News, for a "strategic partnership". NBCU would acquire 15 to 30% ownership of the Euronews network, would contribute to Euronews content, and facilitate NBC News' expanded operations in Europe. After successful negotiations with the European Commission, who feared that the partnership would result in an "Americanization" of Euronews, the NBCUniversal News Group finally purchased a 25% stake in Euronews in February 2017 for $30 million. NBC News president Deborah Turness was appointed to head up international operations, and incumbent Euronews CEO Michael Peters, who had led it since 2004, became CEO of the new partnership. Both reported directly to NBC News chairman Andrew Lack. The resulting partnership became known as Euronews NBC.

In May 2017, Euronews went from having one TV channel with 13 audio tracks, to 10 separate TV channels and 12 websites. This is part of a ’"glocal"’ idea. Now, certain language editions can offer their own selections of local and global news. By doing this, the Arabic and Persian services stopped TV broadcasting, and they are now only on social media and the Euronews website. The Ukrainian service was closed because the Ukrainian government was not giving it money.

In 2018, the English Euronews channel started its first news shows with live presenters. Then, other Euronews language editions did the same and started their own presented evening news shows too.

On 20 April 2020, it was reported that NBCUniversal had sold its stake in Euronews to Media Globe Networks, eventually having an overall majority share of 88%. NBCUniversal's parent company Comcast had recently acquired pan-European satellite service Sky Group, and was prioritizing a collaboration between NBC News and Sky News on a new international news channel. The proposed service was scrapped in August during the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, with the project no longer considered commercially viable.

In December 2021, reports surfaced that British-based BBC would buy an 88% controlling stake in Euronews.

Euronews was banned (stopped to be broadcast) in Belarus by its government's decision since April 12, 2021.



Fips Asmussen

Fips Asmussen (born Rainer Pries; 30 April 1938 – 9 August 2020) was a German comedian and entertainer. He was known for his quick delivery of puns and bad jokes. Asmussen was born in Hamburg. His later comedy performances became known for unfunny and mostly politically incorrect. 

Asmussen died on 9 August 2020 in Querfurt, Saxony-Anhalt at the age of 82.

Rose of Washington Square

Rose of Washington Square is a 1939 American musical drama movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and stars Tyrone Power, Alice Faye, Al Jolson, Moroni Olsen, Winifred Harris, Joyce Compton, William Frawley, Ralph Dunn, Louis Prima. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Vinka Lucas

Vinka Dragica Lucas (née Ravlich / Ravlić; 1 January 1932 – 10 August 2020) was a Croatian-born New Zealand fashion and bridalwear designer and business owner. She was co-founder of "New Zealand Bride" magazine. In 1959 Lucas and her husband David Lucas bought a fashion and dressmaking business in Hamilton. In 1963, the couple published a booklet of bridal designs, which later grew into the magazine "New Zealand Bride".

In 2009, Lucas suffered a stroke.

In the 2019 New Year Honours, Lucas was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit.

She died in Auckland on 10 August 2020, aged 88.

Trini Lopez

Trinidad "Trini" López III (May 13, 1937August 11, 2020) was an American singer, guitarist, and actor.

His first album included a version of "If I Had a Hammer", which earned a Golden Disc for him. His other hits included "Lemon Tree", "I'm Comin' Home, Cindy" and "Sally Was a Good Old Girl". 

He designed two guitars for the Gibson Guitar Corporation.

He starred as Pedro Jimenez in the 1967 war movie "The Dirty Dozen".

Lopez never married and had no children.

Lopez died on August 11, 2020 at a hospital in Palm Springs, California from COVID-19, aged 83.

Juan Pastor Marco

Juan Pastor Marco (24 November 1951 – 11 August 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Orba, Alicante. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). In 1977, he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province.

He then was Secretary General of the PSOE in the Valencian Community from 1978 to 1979. He retired in 1982.

Pastor Marco died on 11 August 2020, aged 68.

The Dirty Dozen

The Dirty Dozen is a 1967 war movie starring Lee Marvin and featuring an ensemble supporting cast including Ernest Borgnine, Charles Bronson, Jim Brown, John Cassavetes, George Kennedy, Robert Ryan, Telly Savalas, Robert Webber and Donald Sutherland with Trini Lopez. It was directed by Robert Aldrich. 

The screenplay is based on the 1965 bestseller by E. M. Nathanson.

Robert Ryan

Robert Bushnell Ryan (November 11, 1909July 11, 1973) was an American actor and activist. He was known for playing tough cops and ruthless villains. He worked in theater and movies. Ryan was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his rolein "Crossfire" (1947)".

Ryan died of lung cancer in New York City on July 11, 1973 at the age of 63.

Robert Webber

Robert Laman Webber (October 14, 1924 – May 19, 1989) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Juror No. 12 in the classic 1957 movie "12 Angry Men". He also starred as General Denton in the 1967 war movie "The Dirty Dozen".

Webber died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at the age of 64 in Malibu, California on May 19, 1989.

List of A2 roads

This is a list of roads with the name A2. Roads entries are sorted alphabetically by country.


A2 road (England)

The A2 is an important road in South East England. It goes between London and Dover. In Dover, it connects to the port to France. The road follows tracks used by the Celts and the Romans over a thousand years ago. It once linked to the three main Roman ports: Rutupiae (now Richborough), Dubris (now Dover) and Portus Lemanis (in modern Lympne). It was given the name "A2" in the 1920s. Now, the road is about long.

The Hunters (1996 movie)

The Hunters () is a 1996 Swedish thriller movie directed by Kjell Sundvall and starring Rolf Lassgård, Lennart Jähkel, Jarmo Mäkinen, Tomas Norström, Göran Forsmark, and Rolf Degerlund. The sequel was followed in 2011.


HUMINT

HUMINT (an abbreviation of Human Intelligence) is intelligence information got from personal contacts. It is a term used in the spy community of the NATO countries.

Sources may be neutral, friendly, or hostile. They may or may not know they are giving information. Examples of HUMINT sources are:

About Us (movie)

About Us () is a 2016 Costa Rican American drama movie directed by Hernán Jiménez (who also stars) and starring Noelia Castaño, Marina Glezer.

Shyamala Gopalan

Shyamala Gopalan (December 7, 1938 – February 11, 2009) was an India-born Tamil American civil rights activist and cancer researcher. She is the mother of Kamala Harris. Gopalan conducted research in the Cancer Research Lab in UC Berkeley's Department of Zoology. Her research led to advancements in the knowledge of breast cancer hormones. Her work changed the progress on the research of the hormone-responsiveness of breast tissue. 

Elephant Island

Elephant Island is an ice-covered, mountainous island off the coast of Antarctica. It is at the edge of the South Shetland Islands, in the Southern Ocean. It has an area of 558 km², and its highest elevation is 973 metres.

Elephant Island's name refers to both its elephant head-like appearance and the sightings of elephant seals by Captain George Powell in 1821, one of the early sightings. 

Nyctimystes traunae

Nyctimystes traunae is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on mountains in the middle of the island. Scientists have seen it about 800 meters above sea level.

Katherine Swynford

Katherine Swynford, Duchess of Lancaster (born Katherine de Roet, c. 1350 – 10 May 1403), was the third wife of John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, a son of King Edward III of England. She was the daughter of Paon de Roet, a knight.

Sonic X-treme

Sonic X-treme was a platform game developed by Sega Technical Institute. It was being developed from 1994 until Sega cancelled it in 1997. It was meant to be the first 3D "Sonic the Hedgehog" game. It was also meant to be the first new "Sonic" game for the Sega Saturn. 

When Nintendo released Super Mario 64, it was a popular 3D platformer, so Sega wanted to compete with Nintendo with their own 3D Sonic game.

Sonic X-treme was developed for the Sega 32x, but then development moved to the Sega Saturn.

The story of the game was that Robotnik was trying to steal six magic rings from Tiara Boobowski and her father, so Sonic wants to stop him.

Sonic X-treme was canceled in 1997 because of development issues and crunch time. To make up for this, SEGA put Sonic 3D Blast on the SEGA Saturn instead.

Lorna Beal

Lorna Beal ("née" Larter; 28 November 1923 – 10 August 2020) was an Australian cricketer. She played seven Test matches for the Australian women's cricket team between 1948 and 1951.

Beal was born in Hawthorn, Victoria. She died in 2020 at the age of 96.


Virtute et armis

Virtute et armis is a Latin phrase meaning "By valor and arms". It is the state motto of Mississippi. It may have come from the motto of Lord Gray De Wilton, ""virtute non armis fido"" ("I trust in virtue, not in arms"). 

Tetum language

The Tetum language (Tetum or Tetun) is a language spoken in East Timor. It has a lot of influence from Portuguese.

Christopher Knights

Christopher Knights is an English voice actor, film editor, and cinematographer. He is best known for providing the voice of Private the Penguin in "Madagascar". He also worked on several DreamWorks movies such as "Shrek", "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek 4-D." 

He started his filming career at Amblimation studios. He worked on "We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story" and "Balto". He started his editing and acting career at DreamWorks. He worked on the "Shrek" series as an associate editor. He was also voice of the Three Blind Mice and Thelonious, Lord Farquaad's Henchman.



Tom McGrath

Thomas McGrath (born August 7, 1964) is an American voice actor, animator, screenwriter, and movie director. He co-wrote and directed the DreamWorks animated film "Madagascar", with Eric Darnell. He voiced the character of Skipper the Penguin. 


Don't Forget the Lyrics!

Don't Forget the Lyrics! is a sing-along game show that aired from 2007 to 2011.

Innu

The Innu (or Montagnais) are an Indigenous people group who live in Quebec and Newfoundland.

They lived as hunter-gatherers. Then the Canadian government moved them away from their homeland and forced them to practice Western lifestyles.

The Innu call the territory they live in "Nitassinan" ("Our Land").

The Canadian government forced the Innu to live in permanent communities instead of letting them practice their nomadic lifestyle. They also forced them to go to schools run by churches. In those schools, the Innu were not allowed to practice their religion or speak their language. Because of all the wrong things done to the Innu, they have a lot of social problems. On one hand, they lost a lot of knowledge about their traditional ways. On the other hand, the schools did not prepare them well enough to live in Western society and they still faced racism because they were Indigenous.

The Unit (TV series)

The Unit is an American television series that aired on CBS from March 7, 2006, to May 10, 2009.

The Twilight Zone (2002 TV series)

The Twilight Zone is the revivals of Rod Serling's original 1959–64 television series. It aired the final episode on May 21, 2003.

The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars

The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars was a nationwide concert tour of gymnasts from the United States.

Thérèse Raquin

Thérèse Raquin is a book by the French author Émile Zola. 

An orphan girl named Thérèse Raquin is sent to live with her aunt, Madame Raquin, and her cousin Camille, who is very "sick" with hypochondriasis. When Thérèse is 21, she marries Camille. The three of them then move to Paris.

Laurent, a childhood friend of Camille and an untalented artist, meets Thérèse. The two of them have an affair and plan to kill Camille so they can be with each other. They do this by pushing him off a boat into the Seine River. Everyone believes that Camille's drowning is an accident. Thérèse and Laurent then marry each other. However, they are haunted by their actions. Laurent becomes a talented artist but his paintings remind him of Camille.

Madame Raquin finds out that Thérèse and Laurent killed Camille when they argue with each other. However, she is paralyzed after a stroke and so cannot tell others.

Thérèse and Laurent hate each other. They plan to kill each other. Then they realize each other's plans and kill themselves with poison in front of Madame Raquin.


Stonehaven derailment

The Stonehaven derailment was a railway accident. It happened at around 09:40 BST on 12 August 2020. It happened near Carmont. Carmont is west of Stonehaven. They are in Aberdeenshire, in Scotland. 

At least three people died. Six others were injured. It was the first train derailment in the United Kingdom to kill people since the Grayrigg derailment in February 2007.

It was the worst crash involving an InterCity 125 train since the Ufton Nervet collision. That was in 2004.

The accident was caused by a landslide. Mud slid onto the tracks.

Le Robert

Le Robert is a town and the third-largest commune in the French overseas department of Martinique. It is located in the northeastern (Atlantic) side of the island of Martinique.


Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi

Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi (born 1 or 5 October 1976 ; alternative transliterations al-Qurayshi and al-Quraishi – 3 February 2022) was the second leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant from 2019 until his death in 2022.

In January 2020, various news channels reported his true identity is Amir Mohammed Abdul Rahman al-Mawli al-Salbi (). His appointment by a shura council was announced by ISIL media on 31 October 2019, less than a week after the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.

Until his death, the U.S. Rewards for Justice Program offered up to $10 million reward to information that could get him arrested and sent to prison.

On 3 February 2022, it was reported by a U.S. official that al-Hashimi killed himself and members of his family by triggering a bomb during a raid by the United States Military.

Abu al-Hasan al-Hashimi al-Qurashi replaced him as the leader of ISIS.

Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape

The Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape is a World Heritage site. It includes select mining landscapes in Cornwall and West Devon. The site was added to the on July 2006. Plans to restart mining at South Crofty, and to build a supermarket at Hayle Harbour, caused its status to be questioned.

The World Heritage Committee considered placing the site on the List of World Heritage in Danger in 2014. This proposal was rejected. Instead, they agreed on a follow-up "Reactive Monitoring Mission".

Devon made around 25-40% of the amount of tin that Cornwall did up to the mid-16th century. However, the total amount of tin made in both Cornwall and Devon at this time was relatively small. After the 1540s, Cornwall's production took off while Devon's production was only about between a ninth to a tenth of that of Cornwall.

From the mid-16th century onwards, the Devon Stannaries were giving very little in income to the King. They were sidelined after the Supremacy of Parliament Act 1512.

The landscapes of Cornwall and West Devon were reshaped during the 18th and 19th centuries by the mining of copper and tin. The underground mines, engine houses, foundries, new towns, smallholdings, ports, harbours, and other supporting industries together meant the region produced "two-thirds of the world's supply of copper". 

During the late 19th century, arsenic production came to the east of Cornwall and West Devon. As a result, the region supplied half the world’s demand. 
The World Heritage site consists of individual but topical linked areas around Cornwall and West Devon. The areas (with the area codes from the site nomination) are:


Devon and Cornwall rocks were once in the core of huge volcanic mountains. Those rocks usually contain more heavy metallic elements than usually found on the Earth's surface. A recent news item says a new mineral was found in Cornwall called Kernowite.

Rocks from ocean floor mid-ocean ridges (oceanic lithosphere) may come to the surface under orogeny as ophiolites. Wherever there is a large ground-down mountain chain there may be a source of heavy metals.



Gordon J. Brand

Gordon John Brand (6 August 1955 – 11 August 2020) was an English professional golfer.

Brand turned professional in 1976 and enjoyed full playing privileges on the European Tour for 20 years. 

During his time on tour, he finished inside the top 30 on the Order of Merit seven times and inside the top 100 16 times. 

His highest ranking came in 1986, fifth place, in which year he finished as runner-up to Greg Norman in the Open Championship at Turnberry. In 1981, he won the Tooting Bec Cup after posting a round of 65. 
Brand died on 11 August 2020 five days after his 65th birthday following a short illness.

Walter Carrington

Walter C. Carrington (July 24, 1930 – August 11, 2020) was an American diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Senegal and Nigeria. He worked during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. He was ambassador to Senegal between 1980 to 1981 and to Nigeria between 1993 to 1997. He was born in New York City.

Carrington died on August 11, 2020 at the age of 90.

Blaublitz Akita

The club was founded in 1965.




Belle du Berry

Belle du Berry (1966 – 11 August 2020) was a French singer-songwriter, and actress. She was born in Bourges, France. In 1992, she worked with Philippe Decouflé to choreograph the ballets for the opening of the 1992 Winter Olympics. She was known for being a member of the Paris Combo.

In 2009, du Berry wrote a collection of new songs with David Lewis as the trumpeter and pianist. 

Du Berry died of cancer in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre on 11 August 2020.

François-Mathurin Gourvès

François-Mathurin Gourvès (17 June 1929 – 12 August 2020) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. He was Bishop of Vannes from 1991 to 2005, and was Bishop Emeritus from 2005 to 2020. He was born in Plougastel-Daoulas, France.

Gourvès died on 12 August 2020 in Saint-Anne-d'Auray, France at the age of 91.

Geoffrey Nunberg

Geoffrey Nunberg (June 1, 1945– August 11, 2020) was an American semantician and author. 

In 2001 he received the Linguistics, Language, and the Public Interest Award from the Linguistic Society of America for his works to National Public Radio's "Fresh Air".

He published many popular press books including "" (2004). 

Nunberg began working as a postdoctoral scholar at the University of California Berkeley and visiting professor at Stanford University. In the mid-1980s he moved to the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center where he worked until 2001.

Nunberg died August 11, 2020 from glioblastoma at his home in San Francisco at the age of 75.

Francisco José Cox

Francisco José Cox Huneeus (18 December 1933 – 12 August 2020) was a Chilean archbishop of the Catholic Church. He was a member of Schoenstatt Movement. He was Bishop of Chillán from 1975 to 1981 and Coadjutor Archbishop of La Serena from 1985 to 1990 and Archbishop there from 1990 to 1997. He resigned following accusations that he had sexual abused young boys. He was born in Santiago de Chile.

Cox died on 12 August 2020 in Santiago de Chile, aged 86.

Mónica Miguel

Mónica Luiza Miguel (13 March 1936 – 12 August 2020) was a Mexican actress, telenovela director and singer. She was born in Tepic, Nayarit. She was known for her acting roles in "I Dream in Another Language", "Más allá del puente" and "Under Fire". She directed episodes of "Teresa".

Miguel died on 12 August 2020 in Mexico City from cancer-related problems, aged 84.

Howard Mudd

Howard Edward Mudd (February 10, 1942 – August 12, 2020) was an American football offensive lineman and coach. He was born in Midland, Michigan. Mudd played football for Hillsdale College from 1960 to 1963. 

He then played seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Francisco 49ers and Chicago Bears from 1964 to 1970. Mudd was a three-time Pro Bowler, in 1966, 1967, and 1968. He retired in 1971. He began his coaching career at the University of California the following year. 

From 1998 to 2009, he was the offensive line coach for the Indianapolis Colts.

Mudd was killed in a motorcycle crash in Seattle, Washington on August 12, 2020 at the age of 78.

Bill Yeoman

William Frank Yeoman (December 26, 1927 – August 12, 2020) was an American college football player and coach. His career began in 1962. He was the University of Houston's head coach, holding the position through 1986. In his tenure, he became the most successfull coach in school history, with an overall record of 160–108–8. 

He was also helped racial integration of collegiate athletics in the South by being the first coach at a white school in the State of Texas to sign a black player.

Yeoman was born in Elnora, Indiana. He died on August 12, 2020 at the age of 92 from kidney failure and pneumonia in Houston, Texas.

Elnora, Indiana

Elnora is a town in Elmore Township, Daviess County, Indiana, United States. The population was 631 at the 2020 census.

Elmore Township, Daviess County, Indiana

Elmore Township is one of ten townships in Daviess County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 1,120.

Can't Help Falling in Love

"Can't Help Falling in Love" is a 1961 song recorded by American singer Elvis Presley for the album "Blue Hawaii" (1961). It was written by Hugo Peretti, Luigi Creatore, and George David Weiss. It was published by Gladys Music, Inc.

The melody is based on "Plaisir d'amour". 

The song was originally written for a woman as "Can't Help Falling in Love with Him", which explains the first and third line ending on "in" and "sin" instead of words rhyming with "you".

In the United States, the song was at No. 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 behind Joey Dee and the Starliters' "Peppermint Twist" and went to No. 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart for six weeks. This song was also the last song he performed live, at his concert in Indianapolis in June 1977.

"Can't Help Falling in Love" was used in Presley's 1961 movie "Blue Hawaii". It is seen as one of the greatest songs by "Rolling Stone" in 2012. According to a 2020 survey, the song is the most popular choice for couples as the song for the first dance at their wedding.

Haley Reinhart

Haley Elizabeth Reinhart (born September 9, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. 

She is known for placing third in the tenth season of "American Idol". In July 2011, Reinhart signed a recording deal with Interscope Records. 

Her debut album "Listen Up!" was released on May 22, 2012. She became the first "American Idol" alumna to perform at Lollapalooza.

Bob Moore

Bob Loyce Moore (November 30, 1932 – September 22, 2021) was an American session musician, orchestra leader, and bassist. He was a member of the Nashville A-Team during the 1950s and 1960s. 

He performed on over 17,000 documented recording sessions with many popular singers such as with Elvis Presley and Roy Orbison. He is also the father of multi-instrumentalist R. Stevie Moore.

He died on September 22, 2021, at the age of 88.


Ray Walker (singer)

Ray Walker (born March 16, 1934) is an American singer and musician. He is a member of the singing group The Jordanaires. Walker has been the bass singer for the group since 1958. During his tenure with The Jordanaires, the group was added into the Country Music Hall of Fame. 

The Jordanaires

The Jordanaires were an American vocal quartet that formed as a gospel group in 1948. They are known for providing background vocals for Elvis Presley, in live appearances and recordings from 1956 to 1972. 

The group has also worked in the recording studio, on stage, and on television with many other country and rock and roll artists.


Spring Valley, New York

Spring Valley is a suburb of New York City. It is a village in the towns of Ramapo and Clarkstown in Rockland County, New York, United States.

Ramapo, New York

Ramapo is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States. It was originally formed as New Hampstead, in 1791. It shares its name with the Ramapo River. As of the 2020 census, Ramapo had a total population of 148,919.

Tamannaah Bhatia

Tamanna Bhatia (; credited as Tamannaah Bhatia; born 21 December 1989), is an Indian actress. Most of her acting is done in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi cinema. She has acted in more than eighty movies. Tamannaah has received many awards and honors. She has won awards like the "Kalaimamani" and "SIIMA Awards". She has also been nominated eight times for the Filmfare Awards South.

Tamanna Bhatia was born on 21 December 1989 in Bombay, Maharashtra. Her parents are Santosh and Rajni Bhatia. She has an older brother named Anand Bhatia. Tamannaah is from a Sindhi Hindu family. She went to Maneckji Cooper Education Trust School in Mumbai for her schooling. When she was 13 years old, she started learning acting. She spent a year at Prithvi Theatre. While there, she performed on stage. Once she got some experience in movies, she changed her screen name to "Tamannaah" because of certain beliefs related to numbers.

Tamannaah began her acting career in 2005. She started with the Hindi movie "Chand Sa Roshan Chehra". She also began working in Telugu cinema with "Sree" in the same year. The next year, she acted in her first Tamil cinema movie "Kedi". Her career took a big step in 2007 when she starred in "Happy Days" and "Kalloori". Her role as a college student in both movies was well liked. Both movies did well financially. This success led to her being a leading actress in both Telugu and Tamil cinema.

She has acted in many notable Telugu movies. These include "Happy Days" (2007), "Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam" (2009), 1"00% Love" (2011), "Oosaravelli" (2011), "Racha" (2012), "Tadakha" (2013), (2015), "Bengal Tiger" (2015), "Oopiri" (2016), "Baahubali 2: The Conclusion" (2017), F2: "Fun and Frustration" (2019), "Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy" (2019) and "F3": Her notable Tamil movies include "Kalloori" (2007), "Ayan" (2009), "Paiyaa" (2010), "Siruthai" (2011), "Veeram" (2014), "Dharma Durai" (2016), "Devi" (2016), "Sketch" (2018) and "Jailer" (2023). She has also been part of streaming projects such as "11th Hour" (2021), "November Story" (2021), "Jee Karda" (2023) and "Aakhri Sach" (2023).

Besides her acting career, Tamannaah has been involved in various other ventures. She found success as a model, appearing in TV ads for brands like Fanta and "Chandrika Ayurvedic soap". In March 2015, she became the brand ambassador for Zee Telugu and launched her own jewelry brand, "Wite & Gold", in the same month. She also joined the Beti Bachao Beti Padhao campaign in January 2016. She wrote her first book, "Back To The Roots", which was published by Penguin Random House India in August 2021. Tamannaah became an equity partner in "Sugar Cosmetics" in September 2022. She continued to expand her brand ambassador roles, joining "IIFL Finance" in January 2023 and "VLCC" in July of the same year. In October 2023, Tamannaah was appointed as the first Indian ambassador for "Shiseido", the Japanese beauty and cosmetics brand. In January 2024, she assumed the role of brand ambassador for Cellecor Gadgets Limited, endorsing its new line of earbuds and smartwatches. Then, in March 2024, she took on the role of brand ambassador for Rasna, the soft drink concentrate.


Spanish naming customs

Spanish naming customs are traditions for naming children as used in Spain. 

A person's name consists of a given name (simple or composite) followed by two surnames. Historically, "the first surname was the father's first surname", and the second the mother's first surname. 

In recent years, the order of the surnames in a family is done when registering the first child. However, the traditional order is still largely the choice. Often, the practice is to use one given name and the first surname most of the time (e.g. "Miguel de Unamuno" for Miguel de Unamuno y Jugo). The complete name being usually reserved for legal, formal, and documentary matters. 

Both surnames are sometimes used when the first surname is very common (e.g., Federico García Lorca, Pablo Ruiz Picasso or José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero) to get a more customized name. In these cases, it is even common to use only the second surname, as in "Lorca", "Picasso" or "Zapatero". This does not affect alphabetization: "Lorca", the Spanish poet, must be alphabetized in an index under "García Lorca" and not "Lorca".

Carlo Rolandi

Carlo Rolandi (2 July 1926 – 8 August 2020) was an Italian sailor. With Agostino Straulino, he finished 4th in the Star competition at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Naples. Rolandi was the president of the Italian Sailing Federation from 1981 to 1988.

Rolandi died on 8 August 2020, aged 94.

Jefferson (proposed Pacific state)

The State of Jefferson is a proposed U.S. state that would span mostly rural area of southern Oregon and northern California.

This region on the Pacific Coast is the most famous of several that have sought to adopt the name of Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States. 

This region makes up most of Northern California's land but does not include San Francisco or other Bay Area counties that account for the majority of Northern California's population.

If the proposal were ever approved, the new state's capital city would have to be determined by a constitutional convention. Yreka, California, was named the provisional capital in the original 1941 proposal. Port Orford, Oregon and Redding, California are some other possible capital city ideas.

Port Orford, Oregon

Port Orford (Tolowa: tr’ee-ghi~’- ’an’ ) is a city in Curry County on the southern coast of Oregon, United States. The population was 1,146 at the 2020 census.

Stan Statham

Stan Statham (April 7, 1939 – August 1, 2020) was an American television news anchor, activist and politician. He was born in Chico, California. He was elected as a Republican to the California State Assembly in 1976. He retired in 1994. Statham was known as a supporter of the State of Jefferson.

Statham passed away on August 1, 2020, aged 81.

Ben 10: Ultimate Alien

Ben 10: Ultimate Alien is a TV show that tells the story of a 15 year-old Ben Tennyson who has assumed the power of an omnitrix a space weapon in form of a watch that can turn the wielder of the watch into any alien he comes across with. It was supposed to premiere after the series end of on March 26, 2010, but instead it premiered on April 23, 2010 on Cartoon Network in the US. In 2016, a reboot of the original Ben 10 series was made by Wang Film Productions.

Twentieth Century (movie)

Twentieth Century is a 1934 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Barrymore, Carole Lombard, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Charles Lane, Etienne Girardot, Edgar Kennedy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 2011.


Treaty of Lambeth (1212)

The Treaty of Lambeth was signed on 4 May 1212 by King John of England and several French counts. The Treaty of Lambeth of 1212 should not be confused with the Treaty of Lambeth of 1217, also known as the Treaty of Kingston.

By 1212 John had lost his Angevin possessions in France. Renaud lands had also been seized by King Philip II of France. Renaud brought other continental nobles, including Ferdinand, into a coalition against Philip. In return he was given several fiefs in England and an annuity. In the treaty agreed on 4 May 1212, each prince promised not to make a separate peace with France.

This treaty was part of England's retreat from France, and the collecting of all France under the rule of its king. Previously, under the conquering English kings from Normandy, the Norman kings had ruled over large parts of what is now France.

Zweifel's big-eyed tree frog

Zweifel's big-eyed tree frog ("Litoria zweifeli") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in forests and wetlands not near the ocean.

Some scientists, for example Paul Menzies, say this frog is closely related to Grant's big-eyed tree frog.

This frog was named after the scientist Richard George Zweifel. Zweifel described, or wrote the first formal papers about, many other frogs and wrote many studies about frogs and other amphibians.

List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles

The following is a list of vehicles produced by Mercedes-Benz (formally Daimler-Benz) and their successors, ordered by year of introduction.



Production during 1939-1945 was disrupted from World War II, and was restarted in 1946.



















"See Mercedes-Benz in motorsport"








T'Pau

T'Pau are an English pop-rock band. They formed in Shrewsbury, England in 1986. Carol Decker is the lead singer for the band. They had a number of top 40 hits around the United Kingdom and United States. They were "Heart and Soul", "China in Your Hand" and "Valentine".

Their first hit was the 1987 pop-rock ballad "Heart and Soul". It was did badly at first in the UK charts. It became a hit on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It hit #4 after being shown in a Pepe Jeans advertisement. It repeated the upswing on the UK Singles Chart. 

Their first album, "Bridge of Spies" (called TPau in the USA) hit #1 in the UK and went quadruple platinum.

Martika

Marta Merrero (born May 18, 1969), also known as Martika is an American singer and actress. She had an uncredited role in the movie "Annie". Later, she acted as Gloria on the television program "Kids Incorporated.

In 1988, Martika had a self-tited studio album. From the album was her United States #1 hit pop ballad, "Toy Soldiers", in 1989. It was certified Gold. The song also hit #5 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany and Australia.

Martika was born in Whittier, California under Cuban parents.

Sugar apple

The sugar apple ("Annona squamosa") is a species of fruit in the Annonaceae family. It is a relative of the custard apple. It grows better in tropical lowland climates better than the custard apple or "Annona reticulata".

Annona

Annona is a genus of plants in the Annonaceae family. It contains species like the custard apple and sugar apple. It is the second-largest genus in its family after "Guatteria". It has about 166 species of shrubs and trees. Its name comes from "anón", a Hispaniolan Taíno word for it.

Species accepted by iNaturalist are:


Inaccessible Island

Inaccessible Island is an extinct volcano. It was last active six million years ago. Together with Gough Island, Inaccessible Island is a protected wildlife reserve, both make up the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Gough and Inaccessible Islands. Inaccessible Island is home to the endemic Inaccessible Island rail, the world's smallest extant flightless bird.

Inaccessible Island is part of the archipelago of Tristan da Cunha. It is part of the overseas territory of the United Kingdom known as Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Tristan da Cunha itself is accessible only by sea via a seven-day sail from Cape Town, South Africa, by landing during the 60 days of the year that the harbor allows for access to the island.

The island is approximately to the southwest of the main island of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago. Mostly bare and inhospitable, the island has one small landing site named Port David on the northwesternmost point.

The island is in area. It is between South Atlantic Ocean south-west of Tristan da Cunha. Inaccessible Island is bordering with sheer sea cliffs, but one can landed on it through a few boulder beaches. Generations of sailors were wary of the difficult landings and inhospitable terrain. Inaccessible Island does not have any permanent inhabitants since 1873.


Small Maracanazo

The Small Maracanazo was an historical football match, played in 1971 between the Champion teams of Venezuela and Brazil in Rio de Janeiro.

In 1971, the Deportivo Italia, Venezuela's Champion of the 1971 season (and the team of the Italians of Venezuela), defeated the Fluminense FC, Champion of Brazil, 1:0 (with a goal done by central defender Tenorio) at the Maracana stadium.

The Caracas daily 'El Universal' wrote that:

"... the night of 3 March 1971 will never be forgotten by the fans of Fluminense, who followed on radio and television the match against Deportivo Italia. More than 26,000 people went to the Maracana. The modest Venezuelan team, thrashed in their own field in the previous match, did what no none could do for over a year, not even the powerful Brazilian teams: defeat the Fluminense in their Maracana. That fateful night, Deportivo Italia achieved the victory more enjoyable in the Venezuelan national football history, winning in the largest stadium in the world the Champion of Brazil.."

The Deportivo Italia – under the direct supervision of Mino D'Ambrosio (who ruled the team with his brother Pompeo D'Ambrosio)– that night went to the match with Vito Fasano (who for his performance was recruited in Brazil, Vito is Italian) as goalkeeper. At the defence there were Carlos "Chiquichagua" Marín, Tenorio, Vincente Arrud and Freddy Elie, while as midfielders Delman "Pito" Useche, Negri and Rui. In the attack played Alcyr (who was replaced by Bahia), Beto and Militello.

In the magazine "Incontri" of Caracas, Bruno D'Ambrosio (grandson of Mino who attended the match) wrote that in the final half hour the goalkeeper Vito Fassano did miracles: three hits to the poles helped him, but while two knocked externally the door defended by Fassano, the third would have been goal if the goalkeeper had not deflected it with his fingers stretching in an incredible way. Fassano made the best game of his life, according to sport journalists.

When the Deportivo Italia went back to Venezuela, the players were welcomed by the Italian supporters of the team with one week of celebrations: the victory it is still considered the best achievement -in the football world history- by a Venezuela team. Furthermore, the victory was the most famous achievement of the D'ambrosio brothers (Mino and Pompeo) rule of the team in the sixties and seventies of the XX century.

The match was played in the worldwide famous Maracanã Stadium of Rio de Janeiro. Over 50000 supporters of the Fluminense saw (in the stadium and outside) their team defeated 1 - 0 by the modest team from Caracas. All the sport-media in Latinoamerica were shocked, because the Fluminense was trained by Lobo Zagalo who had just won the World football Cup in 1970. One of the owners of the Fluminense died of heart attack during the final minutes of the match.


Parliament of Egypt

The Parliament of Egypt, officially the House of Representatives ( ) is currently a unicameral legislature (though the approval of the 2019 Egyptian constitutional referendum will create a second chamber, called the Senate).

Harvey D. Williams

Harvey Dean Williams Sr. (July 30, 1930 – August 7, 2020) was a United States Army major general. He was the first African-American post commander of Fort Myer. 

He was the Deputy Inspector General of the U.S. Army in 1980. He was a commander in the Korean War and Vietnam War. He was born in Whiteville, North Carolina.

Williams died from Parkinson's disease on August 7, 2020 in Germantown, Maryland at the age of 90.

Germantown, Maryland

Germantown is an urbanized census-designated place in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. With a population of 91,249 as of 2020, Germantown is the third most populous place in Maryland, after the city of Baltimore, and the census-designated place of Columbia.

Columbia, Maryland

Columbia is a census-designated place in Howard County, Maryland, United States.

Hahoe Folk Village

Hahoe Folk Village is a village in South Korea. It has buildings and other things that were built in the Joseon Dynasty or that have been rebuilt in the same style. Hahoe Village hosts cultural events, including traditional mask dances. It is in the city of Andong, in North Gyeongsang Province. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The people who built the town used Confucian philosophy and the clan system to decide where to put each building and road. The clan system was very important in Korea during the Joseon Dynasty. Some of the houses are made of wood and some are made of mud. Some of the houses have tile roofs and some have thatched roofs. Some of the buildings are made of traditional materials and some have been rebuilt with modern materials. There is a 600 year old zelkova tree in the village. People have named the tree "Samsindang," and there is a shrine next to it. Unlike many homes in South Korea, which face south, the houses in Hahoe Village face the tree. The Byeongsanseowon Confucian Academy is 4 km east of the village.

People still live in Hahoe Folk Village. Many of them are members of the Ryu clan who have lived there since the 1400s. There are about 127 households in Hahoe Folk Village. Some of them still have a "jongga" or head of the family and practice ancestor worship in the Confucian way.

Hahoe Folk Village is known for its traditional outdoor mask performances. Most traditional masks in Korea are made out of calabash and are used only once. Masks in Hahoe are made from wood, usually alder wood, and are reused many times.

Hahoe Folk Village also hosts Seonyu Julbul Nori. On the birthday of the spiritual leader Buddha, people ride down the Nakdong River in boats. People read poetry. There is also a display called line fire. This is a special way of lighting fireworks. Mulberry tree charcoal is put in long pouches that are tied every few centimeters on their length. The pouches are attached to a rope made of straw, one pouch every five meters. The rope is long enough to go between two trees. One end of one charcoal pouch is lit, and it takes a long time for all the charcoal to burn down the whole length of the rope.
The name "Hahoe" comes from "ha" for "river" and "hoe" for "turn around" in Korean. The village is built right where the Nakdong River turns around. 

In 2020, the village added a traditional brushwood bridge near Hahoe Folk Village.

Queen Elizabeth II visited Hahoe Folk village in 2019.


Limes (Roman Empire)

"Limes" (plural "limites") is a modern term used for the Roman border defence in Germany. It marks the borders of the Roman Empire, though it was not used by the Romans for this purpose. 

The term has been extended to refer to the frontier defences in other parts of the empire, such as in the east and in Africa. It is used by the World Heritage site bureaucracy to include the two walls in Britain, the Antonine Wall and Hadrian's Wall.

The Limes is often associated with Roman forts, but it could apply to any area near the walls where the Romans exercised loose control with military forces.

Little Gandhi

Little Gandhi is a 2016 Syrian Turkish documentary movie directed by Sam Kadi and based on the life of activist Ghiath Matar.

Tecate Municipality

Tecate is a municipality in the Mexican state of Baja California. Its municipal seat is located in the city of Tecate. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 101,079.

Oscar Baylón Chacón

Oscar Baylón Chacón (1929 – August 10, 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was Governor of Baja California in 1989. He was also mayor of the Tecate Municipality between 1959 to 1962. Baylón Chacón was born in Chihuahua, Chihuahua.

Baylón Chacón died from stroke-related problems on August 10, 2020 in Tijuana at the age of 90.

Imre Farkas (canoeist)

Imre Farkas (23 June 1935 – 10 August 2020) was a Hungarian sprint canoer. He competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. He competed in two Summer Olympics. He won two bronze medals, earning one in 1956 and one in 1960.

Farkas died on 10 August 2020 at the age of 85.

Alfred Püls

Alfred Püls (12 August 1933 – 10 August 2020) was an Austrian ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournaments at the 1956 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics. He was born in Innsbruck, Austria.

Püls died on 10 August 2020 at the age of 86.

Luis Abilio Sebastiani Aguirre

Luis Abilio Sebastiani Aguirre (22 February 1935 – 10 August 2020) was a Peruvian Roman Catholic archbishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1962. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarma, Peru, from 1992 to 2001. He later was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ayacucho, Peru, from 2001 to 2011.

Sebastiani Aguirre died on 10 August 2020, aged 85.

Russell A. Kirsch

Russell A. Kirsch (June 20, 1929August 11, 2020) was an American engineer and computer scientist. He worked at the National Bureau of Standards (now known as the National Institute of Standards and Technology). He was known as the inventor of the pixel. He also developed the first digital image scanner.

Kirsch died on August 11, 2020 at his home in Portland, Oregon from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 91. 

Protea cynaroides

Protea cynaroides (also known as king protea, giant protea, royal sugar bush, or honey pot) is a flower. It is the largest member of the Protea genus and is part of the fynbos. The plant mainly grows in South Africa, particularly from the Cederberg to Port Elizabeth. The king protea is the national flower of South Africa. 
The shrub has more than one stem and grows up to 2 m in diameter and also up to 2 m high. It blooms throughout the year.

The plant sprouts again after a fire. The seeds are dispersed by the wind and the plant is unisexual. The activities of birds are responsible for its pollination. The plant grows in sandstone soil at altitudes of 0 - 1 500 m.

Pavol Biroš

Pavol Biroš (1 April 1953 – 13 August 2020) was a Czechoslovak football player. He played as a defender. He was born in Prešov, Czechoslovakia.

During his club career he played for Slavia Prague and Tatran Prešov. 

Biroš made a total of 212 appearances in the Czechoslovak First League, scoring once. He earned 9 caps for the Czechoslovakia national football team.

Biroš died on 13 August 2020 in Prešov from heart disease, aged 67.

Don Edmunds

Don Edmunds (September 23, 1930 – August 12, 2020) was an American racecar driver and car builder. He was born in Santa Ana, California. He had his first start at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1957. He won the 1957 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year. He founded Autoresearch, Inc. in Anaheim, California.

Edmunds died on August 12, 2020 at the age of 89.

Ernie Phythian

Ernest Rixon Phythian (16 July 1942 – 3 August 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a striker. His career lasted between 1960 and 1968. Phythian made over 250 appearances in the Football League, scoring nearly 100 goals.

He later played for Wrexham and Hartlepools United before moving to South Africa to play with Southern Suburbs.

Phythian died on 3 August 2020, aged 78, in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Gian Carlo Vacchelli

Gian Carlo Vacchelli Corbetto (December 16, 1981 – August 12, 2020) was a Peruvian sports commentator and politician. He presented the sports program "El ángel del deporte" (2008–09). Between 2011 and 2016, Vacchelli was a Force 2011 member of the Congress of the Republic of Peru for the district of Lima. He lost his re-election bid in 2016. 

Vacchelli had osteogenesis imperfecta and used a wheelchair. He died of cardiac arrest in Lima on August 12, 2020 at the age of 38.

Michel Dumont

Michel Dumont (29 January 1941 – 13 August 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was the artistic director for the Théâtre Jean-Duceppe in Montreal from 1991 to 2018. He was known for his movie roles in "Chocolate Eclair" (1979), "Without Her" (2005) and "Café de Flore" (2011).

Dumont died on 13 August 2020 of lung cancer in Montreal at the age of 79.

Essam el-Erian

Dr. Essam Mohamed Hussein el-Erian () (28 April 1954 – 13 August 2020) was an Egyptian physician and politician. He was the vice chairman of the Freedom And Justice party. Between 2011 and 2013, he was a member of the Parliament of Egypt.

After the 2013 Egyptian coup, prosecutors ordered his arrest on 10 July 2013. On 14 July 2013, Egypt's new prosecutor general Hisham Barakat ordered his assets to be frozen. El-Erian was arrested by the government on 30 October 2013.

El-Erian died of a heart attack while in prison in Cairo on 13 August 2020, aged 66.

Gulnazar Keldi

Gulnazar Keldi (; 20 September 1945 – 13 August 2020) was a Tajikistani poet. He was born in Dardar He was an editor of the publication "Adabiyet va sanat" ("Literature and Art"). Keldi wrote the lyrics of "Surudi Milli", the national anthem of Tajikistan.

Keldi died on 13 August 2020 in Dushanbe from COVID-19, aged 74.

Creswell Crags

Creswell Crags is a limestone gorge on the border between Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire, England. It is near the villages of Creswell and Whitwell. 

